It was easy to use yes. But it didn't hardly give any color. The color I had was very spotty! It took using over half of the bottle to even start to notice anything.
Smells terrible and washed out a lot of my color. Not happy with purchase
Never received my product!!!
Don't purchase. They have no cushion.
Very disappointed in Amazon for allowing this vendor to swap software without any forewarning. Read two other reviews with the same issue.
They stopped working in 1 month. I am very disappointed.
My order history says I received this but I never did!! Was gonna order it but then realized I already did, but never got it. Where do I get this fixed!?
Extremely slow,couldn't even use my Facebook app,after three days,I didn't even Drop it,not once,it didn't want to charge anymore,I put it for over eight hours,I recommend getting a Samsung or Apple tablet,don't waste your time,even the refund is taking a long time to get,because it's an Amazon product,I'm just extremely angry.
Easy to hold. Use it twice with perfect results. Two weeks later, it doesn't work at all. No idea what changed.
This app does not provide you with YouTube Kids videos.
Seller didn't deliver. Should have checked the sellers rating before purchasing, but I didn't. Amazons A to Z guarantee refunded my money!
Didn't get a thorn poking through, but the valve stem is made very weak - it cracked off where it attaches to the tube in less than 6 months of use. I will not buy this brand again.
I was very disappointed with the number of areas skipped during the cleaning. Pictures not picked up off the table so the entire table could be polished. Missed under the center of the dining room table. Vanity tray not cleaned. I would have stopped them from leaving if I would have noticed while they were there.
Receive dead empty overpriced lighter!
No need to review, Amazon sells the device, but some apps they advertise will not work. What good is a product Amazon if it's only good for what Amazon sponsors at additional costs of course. Good advice don't buy an Amazon Fire Tablet, purchase a Kindle for your reading pleasure.
Item wasn't delivered and no refund given
Never received item.
The tire developed a crack after only 2 months of relatively light use.
Sucks after wash, cold water low heat
Never received the item. The Ring and the Power adapter were supposed to be used in a 2nd home. Just opened the box and only received the Ring. No Adapter. Rip off. Got charged for both.
Just received these and one is broken. I went to file a return, and they don't replace it accept returns!!!!! So disappointed!
Will not charge more the 2 items. I cannot charge by Galaxy note 8 and 2 iPads at once or any 2 type c chargers. The charger keeps turning on and off.
This was a joke. It must be a toy.
Worked great at first. Stopped working after 6 months, with very little use and physically still like new
Can I give a 1/2 star?!?? The product was listed as new. I purchased and had it shipped directly to a friend as a gift. She received it and NOTHING was new about it, not even the box it came in! The box was clearly previously used as old shipping labels were torn off of it. The box also had a large tear in it. The actual item itself was rolled up and tied with two pieces of material and you could clearly see where it was ripped without ever unrolling the item. The carrying bag that comes with it was also dirty. The only good thing I can say is that when I called the company that shipped it, they were apologetic. The gentleman I spoke with quickly emailed a return label so it could be sent back and my money was refunded.
They are hard to get on and off
Not any better than what I was getting for free
I've used this product two times. The first it was really nice to sleep on and no air leaked, the second it deflated before we even laid on it to sleep. It's too late to return it now or else I would. I do not recommend this product.
I understand the need for ads when the game is free. However, there are so many that it makes it impossible to even play. So this may actually be a great game but I guess I'll never know!
This is so stupid I thought it was something completely different! Waste of money!
came with all kinds of wrinkles in the paper.
Used only once and it is falling apart and already has a hole....
Huge disappointment that caused nothing but grievances. This TV only lasted 21 days. This Lemon TV quit showing a display out of the blue the day before Christmas Eve! What timing! Guess what I did for Christmas? Not surprised this TV is discontinued. It's a glorified paperweight. Element should stick with making cardboard boxes. I never write reviews but this was a special case. I would avoid buying any Televisions through Amazon. Period. Avoid the hassle and get a name brand TV like a Sony or Samsung. The few extra bucks is worth the peace of mind. Today as I write this, UPS just tried to deliver the same TV I sent out to return for a refund. Didn't bother ringing the door bell with the return label on Tuesday. Welcome to the Holiday Season. Incompetence with both Amazon and UPS. Now I'm going to have to wait probably another week for my refund. If it's too good to be true, it probably is. Buy cheap, get cheap. Just buy a Sony. Don't buy a TV with less than a 4-Star rating and less than 200 reviews. Rule of thumb. P.S. Android is better. Happy New Year!
The string snapped on my tent after one use
The product that was sent was the wrong item. I will try and reorder the right one.
Product didn't make it a year before it quit recharging.
Horrible product it did not work did not heat properly! Do not buy from them I accidentally threw the box away can't return just don't want others to buy from them! Don't make my mistake
Super annoying. Shipped late, cases not as described. Don't waste your time. Don't let the photo fool you! Awkward, poorly designed. Very poor quality. Spend a little more and get something better. I am very disappointed.
App did not work with the Amazon Fire 10 tablet.
They sent me a face mask instead of the chest mask, I haven't returned it yet. this is the first time I've ever ordered from Amazon and gotten the wrong thing.
Doesn't work on Amazon fire stick for any device. Not Google. Not iOS. Waste of money.
Arrived with small dent on the front by the switches, no marks on box. Fan is noisy in the low speed. Would not buy this one again.
I was supposed to get a knife sheath and got a tablecloth. You gotta be kidding me.really
The flashlight was great for a week... that was all it worked, and it was not the batteries. Amazon gave me a credit and I have since order another brand so I will try it again.
Chose wrong thing. Was trying to download the real Hulu!
The middle of the paddle is higher than the outside as soon as it is a bit wet I slide all over the pedal. These are not usable for mountain biking.
was sent a steely dan CD.
Doesn't work in a Manhattan apartment, unfortunately there is too much interference. Item returned to Amazon without problem.
Did not play on either of my machines. Players could not read it. Very odd. Have never had that happen with any other movies.
I have not been able to access white noise premium on Alexa at all.
Don't waste your money. This thing is wildly inaccurate, even after following their poorly written instructions to calibrate it I could never get a consistent reading. Not even their own buffering powder could get the same reading twice
Never received this item.
I successfully installed this initially, but tried to place it on an SSD from a regular platter and found the license key is not recognised by MicroSoft.
Junk. Absolute garbage. They fell apart almost immediately. They don't fit or conform to your face at all. Very uncomfortable.
this was very disappointing as I do like your other ingredients and I also like the different flavors. This was absolutely horrible, there is no taste at all. I will never order this again and recommend the same that others should do.
It seemed like a bad idea, but I bought it to try with my trusty Bosch router. It was a bad idea. The cone wobbles off center so it can not be trusted as a centering pin.
Too small size, it was painful to bike with
Lost code and company did n help me me obtain another replacement
I never received my items and not only that only got a partial refund of my money back
At first, everything was working great and I had no complaints. After 6 months, it doesn't connect to the internet anymore. Are you freaking kidding me?
I could not figure out how to play this game. It kept freezing every 5 seconds.
Extremely disappointed-absolutely NO coconut flavor-will NEVER buy again
I ordered this for my significant other for Christmas. The box was broken when it came in. The screws were all there, but inside the box also appeared deformed.
Never purchased this
Extremely dirty right out of the package. Surface of side A has several "pits" in the pressing. I enclosed images of the surface for consideration. I am rating at one star due to the poor pressing quality. As others have mentioned, if you get a clean copy you'll be listening to some of the best music ever recorded. Returned album to Amazon.
Within 3 minutes of receiving email confirmation of successful setup, I received the first low battery notification. Off to a disappointing start, but will update review after a few weeks of use. Update July 2019: Failed when we needed it most. Despite a relatively new battery and monthly check-ins, it never triggered an alarm when there was an actual leak. The entire bottom of the cabinet was soaked and the leak detector was found floating in it... useless.
Breadcrumbs were opened and all over my box.
Ratchet didn't work. Not the best quality
This is nothing like the Happy Color I have on my phone. Was hoping to use on Kindle to see numbers better but there is a kinda grid background that makes anything hard to see. Bummer for sight-impaired people.
Seat is really wide. Seat Material is soft vinyl gets very hot from sun and doesn't breathe. Springs suspension is ok, better off with a lever action suspension seat post.
I bought it to make into necklaces for my jewelry. It looks disgustingly gaudy. Big mistake. Looks like what you'd buy from gumball machines!
Didn't work and I was supposed to receive a new one but never did
poor product does not dry ,....does not harden like it should . mixed 50/50 filled product. 5 days later. still sticky and soft. does not work
Would give zero if could cannot get it to sync with supplier not enough options. Misleading that it can stand alone on fire tv. Very disappointed
I have fine wavy hair with a course texture (unusual I know). I thought with all the good reviews it would be worth spending a little extra money to get a nice product for my hair. I have been disappointed with it- for my hair it doesn't really do anything for it. When I wear my hair naturally wavy/curly it doesn't do anything & when I blow dry it & wear it straight it doesn't do anything for it. I actually rather use my cheap garnish fructis hair product over this. I was surprised given this was one of the top hair products rated on amazon.. maybe it is just my hair type? Really though it does nothing for my hair- wish I could return it.
Do not waste your money bought this for my husband as a birthday gift will not even inflate a tire hose has defect and hoes will not retract and it does not appear that parts are available to repair and the warranty is a big joke
Too many ads. Won't let me purchase ad free for some reason. Also, any offshoot of the games and extra purchases can run up to 100 dollars!!
Arrived broken. They shipped it knowing it was broken as they packed the broken pump top separately
Amazon is a horrible company. And it reflects on their selection. I am giving up trying to solve issues with them. If you have any chance get this item somewhere else DO IT!
Very angry I received the DVD to only find out that it cannot be played in my region - so if you knew it can't be played in Australia why send it??? I have wasted my money as it will cost me too much to return 😫
Is this product one that just can't be shipped?
Skip these and go to a Starbucks instead and have one made. The powdered coffee mix packets are just not very tasty in my opinion. I love Starbucks too. Sorry.
I recon I'm not the only one who got shafted . Terrible seller not to highlight that it's just a soundtrack.
They were not delivered next Day.
I got this scooter bc I read on the reviews that it came with a helmet! What a disappointment for the price to get this and not see the helmet in the box - and the face of the birthday child when we told her that she couldn't ride it on the road!
gets a little warm but nowhere near 300
Ordered this back in February. It is now April and after two messages to the seller it has still not arrived.
Love mitch but the second CD didn't work and I didn't find out until it was too late to return to Amazon and that sucks
This product would not download properly. After multiple attempts, I had remote help downloading it into my system. However, it created issues with my programs, always stated it was not up to date and needed updating, which always came with a fail message, and the program bugs eventually caused my computer to crash. This happened more than once. After struggling with this program for months to make it work properly, I can say that I would not recommend this product. It does not protect, but only causes system problems.
This stuff was basically a terrible hairspray. Not a good smell, no shine imparted etc. nothing positive to say about it. Wish I'd read that it wasn't returnable also!
I will not buy this brand again, I was picking out the peanuts (fat).
The ear rings came in very cute packaging. But what I'm concerned with is that they are turning black and turning my ears black. I ordered these because it says they are sterling silver so I thought that they wouldn't turn my ears any color. They are a super cute design but not something I can wear on a regular basis because of the quality.
Received without all the pieces. Also seems used as there is packaging missing and torn. Do not buy.
Product was open and leaked everywhere
Terrible. Not even close to the size that it marked. Will not buy again and definitely do not reccomend.
This pops right out of the sleeve. Very poor quality
does not work at all returned all of them ,dont need to buy it does not work
The worst program I have every tried to use. Horrible
After ordering, I immediately onto steam in order to redeem the game. Says it was already activated on a different steam account. I have contacted amazon and will update this review when I get a reply back. Edit 1: I was able to get a refund Edit 2: Once acquiring my refund, I bought it again, hoping I will get a code that has not been redeemed yet. Again, I recieved ad code that has already been redeemed... Looks like I'm contacting amazon again...
So bad. I feel like the dishes would've been more clean if I used nothing. Dishes came out dirty and filmy every time. Couldn't even tell if I ran the dishwasher or not and was having to rewash every dish.
Our first bike arrived damaged. After returning the damage bike, the second bike arrived a week later and appeared to be in good condition. Assembly was a challenge as the instructions were blurry, parts were missing, and the tool that was included was not the right size for our bike. But I put it together and the only problem left was the flat front tire. I thought I could fix this by pumping a little air in but no. The stem to the tube was broken off. I had to take the brand new Go Glider bike to a repair shop for them to replace the entire tube in the front tire. The bike repair guy told me stems don't just break off, it had to be done with some force. So Go Glider had sent me a broken bike. Again. 20 dollars and 20 minutes later (plus one week of you start the clock from the first damages bike we received) this bike is now fixed. But I will never purchase from this company again. And if I had it to do over, I'd GO TO THE LOCAL BIKE SHOP INSTEAD OF WASTING TIME AND MONEY WITH THIS WEAK OPERATION. P.S. My son doesn't like the bike at all. He wants the balance bike he was riding at the bike shop while we were waiting for the repair! I should have just gone with the experts from the start. Sigh...
Part two disc for the third movie is defective and does not play. How do I get it replaced?
Not a very sturdy case. I loved the design on the case so I bought it. But had I realized the 2 parts are separate I would not have purchased it. Sorta wish I had sent it back.
Snug fit. Red one fit remote perfectly but the blue one's holes were off. Silicone is very thick which makes the buttons inset deep so it feels odd when pushing them.
does not always enable.
the first time I rode my bike with this tube I got a flat tire.
This is actually a delivery issue. If the delivery person is going to give the package to a resident, they get a photo of said residents. As proof it was given person. I never get my package or have any proof it was actually delivered.
We've had these batteries for just over 30 days and one has already stopped working. You have 30 days to return these and now we are stuck with them. Don't buy them!
You sent me region 2 not America. A waste of $35. No indication that American version was not available. Very bas business for one who buys on ma regular basis.
No screws in package. Will be returning
DISCS ARE SCRATCHED!!! At least 25% of them have issues! We opened the factory seal on theses but they were horrible!!! We love this show but the product we received was absolutely terrible! It was a gift and I wasn't told about the issues until after the short return period had ended otherwise I would have returned these!!!
Never received this item and i paid for it a month and a half ago i wouldn't even rate this seller a 1 and as far as the item i dont know
Difficult to hook up and plays in black and white. I returned it and ordered a different brand.
Had a change of address with the vendor to continue my subscription and nothing happy. The last one I got was November 2018.
they do not cut worth a darn
I thought that not having to pay 25 dollars for my Boosted Plus' belts would be a steal, and so I was influenced to purchase these belts which are much cheaper. However, upon opening the package, I noticed that both of the belts were ripped. This unfortunate experience has turned me off to this product that I have only purchased once. I will not be purchasing again though. I would just recommend purchasing the belts from Boosted as they are good quality for what I have always received.
Very poor quality . Bad stiching , the pockets started coming apart after 3 days .
I was so excited to get this but when it came it was not the box set. They sent me the 4 seasons in 4 different cases like I ordered each one separate. I ended up sending if back for a refund. I'm now looking for another seller for this item.
Never again! Yeti leaves a bad taste in your mouth! America First! Shame on you Yeti!
I ordered this knife and Amazon was not able to find my front door and drop it off to me even though I live in a large suburban area.
This extended warranty goes with a computer that was never received.
Come to my attention that amazon has shipped a few broken speakers of this make. Checking reviews I'm not alone. I supplied the hardware they did not. Hopefully I'll get my money back as speedily as they got there's.
These batteries are horrible. They do not hold a charge for more than a day. I am ready to buy a different brand.
Ordered 2 ornaments. One was painted ok but one clearly had mistakes. Hand painted makes it sound unique however, the clearly obvious mistakes makes them look like a child's work. Overpriced for the poor quality.
the piece of plastic that connects the lid to the bottle BROKE IN LESS THAN A MONTH! I didn't even use it as roughly as I have my previous Nalgene bottles :(
Boo this seat only lasted 5 days before the seal broke from me sitting in it in my car... I weight 135 pounds. Do not buy
Got this for the grands...even they didn't care for it.
After only using this lock a couple of times, the key will only turn part way, so the lock can't be unlocked. It took me about 10 minutes before it turned the first time, and now it's doing it again. If I can't trust a lock to open, I can't use it. This is worse than useless, since your lock could very well strand you.
I want a refund. It does not work on my fire 7 with my cannon printer.
I did not like that the earrings are so small, a baby could wear them. Way too small for an adult.
I used different anti-skid pads and they worked great, so I purchased these hoping they were similar. Don't work very well at all...
Eh, you don't need these like you think you did.
The box has been broken when received
Had high hope on these. Think that it's such an awesome idea. However when you put it in use, it's kind of flimsy. Unless you have pure soil you can dig, if there are any rocks, roots, wood chip... Good luck to your fingers.
Ordered one wrong mirror for my jeep turns out it's model is the O2 that is called 03 they got so confused it was ridiculous they just had to refund me my money instead of send me another mirror
The sound quality is worse than the sound of the tv itself.
The refurbishment wasn't done. Couldn't get the face plate off to install the battery. The security screw was submerged or something. Returned it immediately.
Boxes arrived dented and open
Dumbest thing I've bought in Amazon. It's marketed as though it's a wetsuit. It's not. It's one huge rash guard. I was going to return it but forgot and missed my window. Be wiser than me and don't get this if you're looking for something that even somewhat resembles a wet suit.
The trim is coming apart after less than a month of use. I have contacted the seller to see if they will replace or repair.
4 times now I tried to order this DVD--twice from elsewhere, twice now via Amazon, and ALL times I was sent Blu-ray even though I ordered DVD! The DVD is listed separately from blu-ray: the boxes are different, so I zoomed the photo claiming the "DVD" format, ordered clearly under the "DVD", and under the lower DVD pricing, as Blu-rays are sold at a higher price. Each time I am sent the Blu-ray!!!! I am so frustrated at this terrible advertising! Why is the photo/descrption/price for DVD offered online if only Blu-ray is available? Blu-ray doe NOT work on my DVD player and just want what is clearly marked as offered!
I didn't order this.
Still waiting for reply from Amazon. Product says it was shipped, put in my mailbox by USPS however the USPS carrier says he knocked on a few doors around me and no one has my package. I have notified Amazon twice, today USPS called me to say Amazon bought no insurance on my replacement package so therefore it is now falling to Amazon to make this purchase right. However Amazon has yet to follow up and get me my missing package. If I could not vote a single star both in customer service and value I would do so. Customer service for missing packages sucks with Amazon.
Get this off my account, I didn't order this.
It lasted me one month of useage. After that it would not stay inflated.
It was exactly what I wanted and it arrive on time,thank you.
The camera quality is horrible. There is no way it is 24 megapixels as I just had a 20 mp camera and it was much better quality. Also, within 1 hour of using it it started freezing. I returned it. I feel like the 5 star reviews are fake as I know companies do that. I cannot imagine anyone being happy with this camera.
Product did not work hard to use. You have to trim and doesn't fit right. Not pleased
Can't get past first level. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Same thing. Hope they fix this!! Especially since I paid for it!!!
My first unit stopped playing discs of any kind and I sent it back to Sony, waited an interminable amount of time and got a supposedly new replacement. This replacement unit also crapped out about four months later and with the holidays, just swapped another Blu-Ray player into my system. And now, of course, Sony says that the original one-year warranty only dates from the ORIGINAL purchase date and not the replacement. So I'm out of luck. Looks like this in't an isolated issue. I'm shocked at the poor quality of a premium product, and done with Sony.
This was never received. Tracking said it eas delivered to my mailbox, but it was not in mine. Checked with the apt office & they haven't seen it, neither have neighbors with a mailbox close to mine. Please send a replacement. Said it was delivered Tuesday & it is Sunday. Still no Fiddler on the Roof.
Like a dozen of videos and that's it
Got banned and not sure why support is not responding.
Ph reader continuously fluctuates even after calibrating, and is often wrong. Really cheap.
Vendor shipped the wrong cover. it's not for the kindle I bought, it's for the oder model. I bought with the Kindle at the same time. That means vendor made the mistake.
Never received the lights. Email said they were undeliverable? Which is odd because i received other packages from Amazon that day and someone was home all day. Ill look elsewhere.
This backpack is a fake. The material is not as nice as it seems. It crinkles when you move with it, not to mention that is was dirty when I received it. The straps are unable to be made longer and it is very small. It has frayed strings from the stitching. I can barely fit anything inside of it either. The pockets on the side have barely any space in them and laptop pocket is tiny. I DO NOT RECOMMEND YOU BUT THIS PRODUCT.
I bought this 2 pack and only received the skeleton shirt? Not the jack-o-lantern?
While the box is solid and arrived promptly there was nothing either to attached or already to installed that allows you to hang the files. You know, the reason why I purchased the box
This was a gift for my wife. I don't know why she likes this movie, but she does. I was a fan of Steve Martin in the 70s, when he did stand-up and was on SNL. I am certainly not a fan anymore. Remake after remake, his performances fall short. In my humble opinion, as a performers he "plays it safe." He's not going to do so on my dime. Remakes for the most part are slop, with no originality. Remakes are a testimony to the fact that no one reads anymore and therefore are uninspired to come up with ideas of their own. Mr. Martin leads the pack in that category. Shame on him.
If I could give no stars I would. The lights didn't light up, but if you turn it on the battery pack heats up like crazy. Even if they worked, the batteries got hot way too fast. I'm extremely disappointed.
light on mine came jammed doesnt work at all and compass never faces north and whistle sucks. it dose sharpen somewhat if your in a jam . i think the ferro rod is the best part of this whole setup. not worth the money i paid for it
Instructions for calibration were a little confusing, but after a few tries I was finally able to figure it out. After that, it worked great for 2 months then would no longer turn on, even with fresh batteries.
This case does NOT fit the Kindle 8. The headphone jack does not line up and when the case is on the Kindle, it causes it to go into reset mode.
I know that loading these things can be a mess at times, but this one takes the cake. this seems to get air bound very easy and is hard to get the air pocket out. I would not buy this again.
Ordered 2 of the Shoreline Marine 800 GPH Bilge Pump with Auto Switch. Fortunately, I tested one before removal and installation. Water only drains down to 1.5 inches, leaving the bilge wet. No float adjustment. If any water drains back through the hose, it will cycle constantly. No instructions - only a wire diagram.
Horrible tool. Went to loosen a bolt and the head of the tool broke.
Great cd! My kind of music!
Very stiff and not very stretchy pants. They felt like plastic and could barely move. Had to return and get another brand. They felt like they would break easily with normal wear.
I never received this shirt!
As soon as i hooked it up it caught fire and melted! Do Not Buy!!!
Broke first use!! This is crap, not returnable is very disappointing. The angle adaptor is the reason I bought it and broke in first 3 minutes. Waste of money and total RIP OFF!!!!!!
I did NOT order this; it just showed up. I don't like Amazon downloading data I didn't ask for.
some paint on the light kind of chipped off, can see through white light, and the color is very greenish, not yellowish as pictured. didn't expect such a poor quality. thought can make a simple return, but I have to pay the return postage which I have never had... Not recommended. fast shipping though.
Scam !! Never sent and changed seller name! Beware!! Just fake reviews to boost rating!!
Had good luck with X5 but was using a competing product in the mean time. Purchased this in March, cancelled competing product in April, went to use in May and just crashes constantly and pops up on the computer with ads the first time I boot for the day. Corel support attempted to help by resetting my brand new install back to brand new. You can turn the ads off if you search for how. Wasted entire purchase price.
Being a contractor for 25 years I know how to calibrate a stud sensor... this is the biggest piece of junk I've ever bought!!! I wished I could get my money back!!!
I bought two units. After less than two weeks of daily use, beverages left in containers up to six hours tasted metallic, triggering nausea and vomiting. I returned both items. They look great, but my I will never buy this product again, and will caution my friends to avoid this brand.
The Key was already used so I got a refund.
Mine stopped working in three weeks. I don't recommend. Also it gets so hot while you use it. I was afraid that will catch fire.
I've been using Turbo Tax for years. Used Amazon Download to get software this year, entered all my information, ready to Save or Print, but can't Save or Print. Weird. So uninstalled, and reinstalled to try again, but same end result, CAN'T SAVE the FILE or PRINT. What is Amazon selling? Anyway, don't have time to play around, out $30, will never use Amazon Digital Services for software again! Off to a local store to get a physical CD version... PITA!
Arrived with damaged box. Sharp edges. Got a cut right away. There is no installation instruction.
I thought it was a really cute cup until I put my hand over it and the sketching word off. I didn't even use it yet.. Very disappointing
I plan to return this item as soon as It arrives. What is the point of offering prime shipping and giving customers false hope of getting an item by the expected date. I needed these pads for my daughters skating birthday party and still has not arrived. I will return and buy from a different place. I would not recommend this seller at all
I did buy a new product and received an old Product
This is the worst app I think I've ever used. The idea is fantastic and a huge plus to your customers. However The app has insane lag to even navigate the menu. Shows randomly stop when the internet connection is fine. Menu options disappear suddenly when viewing a page. It's so sad that I'm 2018 we can't have a functioning app. I understand bugs and issues come up, but this app makes me want to throw my remote through my tv.
This is a terrible product. It makes your hair crunchy and dry and rough to the touch and to make matters worse I got a light brown color which I did not order and I cannot return it to get a refund or replacement. Not happy with this product or service. Would not recommend unless you don't mind taking a gamble on it.
Not at all invisible. Weird reddish-blonde color. Not at all “brown” as described. Tried contacting company 3 times to ask if they had accidentally sent me the wrong color. Each time they just sent me link to the original amazon listing. Weird. Terrible customer service. Seemed like great value for 100 nets but the color is way off. So if you have brown Hair do not buy! It's in no way invisible.
Large channel selection but audio would not work
Just what it said it is....a map. No other features on it to help you if you wanted to use the subway.
I ordered this $50.00 e-gift Card by mistake and want to cancel it
I can't give an honest review because I received an empty envelope with no product and no paperwork inside. I've tried to contact the seller with no luck. The seller apparently placed the mailing label on the package, sealed it, and sent it off.
It's supposed to fit a 15 inch laptop, but it doesn't do that. My 15 inch Dell Inspiron gaming laptop is too big for the laptop compartment. Returning.
app interface is bad, sorting is bad, only lets you stream specific episodes. dont bother
I still have not received the glasses
Worst magazine ever. Didn't contain ANY helpful information I could use for travel.
Can't review this considering I never received it this is a common issue with this company took a month to get a refund the package was in unknown status for awhile
Do not buy. Should have trusted the other reviewers- this straightener stopped working after less than 3 months of normal use. No way to receive refund or return.
I wouldn't know as I can not get a DVD to play. It keeps asking me to generate a code. I thought I bought a legit DVD player. I've been looking up hacks and codes. Nothing works.
We were sent a Bluray instead of a DVD. It had to be returned. My son was very disappointed.
DVD Disc is unplayable
compare with yaktrax , they are no use at all
So far not so good. The precut strips aren't cut. There's a tiny little line where it looks like it should have been perforated, but when you go to pull the strip off it takes some of the next strip with it. The tape itself seems to fray a little when you pull it taught. I also used a couple kinesiology taping methods for my bad knee, which normally feels immediately better after taping, not so much this time. And the adhesive is a little itchy. We'll see if my review changes in the next few days. The color is beautiful! Eh? There's a positive!
Too heavy for me. I'm unwilling to add more than 3 lbs to bike uphill.
Dented can-now is useless for long term storage.
Shits broken in 2 uses. Error code 43 and 14 . Barely used this . Now what??!! Who's going to fix this pos
It does not work and why do you have to make a review
Tablet slides off the stand. Have to place a gripping surface underneath. Cheaply made as well. Ordered better qualify case.
I was very hopeful that these would ease my trigger thumb pain- but unfortunately they made the pain worse-
Very cheap quality I returned it got a refund
They worked well until they stopped working. I was expecting at least a few years out of them.
The delivery of product took place a few days after i got an email from Amazon that the parcel was delivered. It could be your delivery people marked as delivered.
sw is very difficult to work with. it gets struck in a loop and takes u back to the same topic again and again. also it won't do the free federal efile but only if you pay for it.
Does not work well the suction cups are weak .
I tried it and it didn't stay on like the video shows. In fact it just dusted right off.
sound is very low dvd stoped working after 5 weeks.
Horrible product. Just pasted the 1 month mark and there are dots everywhere on the screen, and a weird horizontal flash. Nothing is watchable now. Youd think the product should last longer than 1 month especially when you only use it maybe 1-2 hour a night. Also quite slow and not very responsive. Maybe i got a defective box but im just not sure. Be warned and buy a nicer box that will last longer than 1 month.
It broke after one use trying to remove my tires lug nuts. I always torque them to 100 foot pounds and the reducer broke in 1 attempt to remove the nuts.
It's one thing to have a device fail But much worse when it takes along needed & expensive devices. If you can't make it good, don't make it at all.
i am trying to delete it from my device. I did not intend to buy a cloud based item/
It said in the description that these filters could fit my model of Dyson vacuum. It did not. Sending it back.
I bought this for my record player and it came scratched on BOTH sides. don't reccomend buying it online you're better off buying in stores.
The app opens and immediately crashes. Can't watch one show. Horrible app!
Socks do not fit correctly. Slide up to easily. Do not buy!
I haven't even worn my new coat for a month and the zipper has already broke. Terribly disappointed given this was a Columbia coat. I would expect a full refund or a new coat to be sent.
The Length was good but width wasn't now my son is skinny and I couldn't even zip up the zipper more than half way I'm disappointed in the size especially when your size chart says it should fit and I paid $30 dollars for it.
1. This flashlight is closer to 400 lumens. This manufacturer is taking advantage of the fact that the average person does not have a lux light meter to measure the actual flashlight lumen output and is overstating their product's light output. 2. I found it annoying that you have to cycle through all three settings to turn the flashlight off.
The cleat was too long. Even when forced ... off the bike.. I was unable to snap it into place. Maybe I just got one that was bad? They do fit on my specialized shoe with no problem I have ordered a new set and will follow-up
To flimsy. Don't care about rolling into small carry bag. Not what I want out of day pack, but might be right product for others.
What showed up is not what we ordered. I ordered a bit holder and got mustache wax? Then it says I can not ask for a return. So am I just stuck with something I didn't order?
Unhappy. Extremely uncomfortable. Don't be fooled. Not happy. Unqualified. It's terreible when a software does not exactly what it says it does.
Ordered 2, one didn't work or charge. The other charged but the light never turned green showing it was charged. Hard to believe this is 3200 lumens. Not happy with purchase.
This game will not install and the activation code is wrong. I will never again download games from Amazon
bad wouldnt play all the way thru cleaned the dvd and my dvd player rip off
Battery blew up in remote stick. It no work
I returned this item and they said they didn't get the return. They now won't give me my credit.
has a disgusting plastic taste when you fill it up. worst product eve, really mad I cant ge a refund... Even after multiples cleaning, it's even worst
This is supposed to be a quality product, it is not. The fabric get weak and splits in various places. I will not purchase again.
Didnt even let me play it lmao
It only gives you an option for one local news stations not all of them
Did not order this, a relative did
I ordered two shades of this lipstick. Both had an unpleasant chemical smell and taste. The texture was both tacky and chalky. Feathering and bleeding of color for days. Neither color is true to pictured on Amazon or on the bottom of the tube. All around gross lipstick. Miserable to use.
My package was supposed to arrive on the 18th and is still lost. This might be out of the seller's control, but I just received an email from the seller asking for an Amazon review. Since I have no product to review, and they didn't seem to be aware of that, it's a 1 star from me.
Sent the wrong item. I ordered the pink for my son and got the red which is water soluble. Very disappointed with this he is very upset.
My son thought he was getting specific characters with an in-app purchase (he used $12 of his own birthday money). However, the characters it showed were ones that you MIGHT get. Guess it is random what you get. Needless to say, I had a very disappointed 10 year old. Hate the deception. Don't waste your money.
every time i turned my computer on the program thrashed my drives for a half an hour and i couldn't stop it from doing it.
Package broken, nails everwhere. Waste of time and money. Won't order again!
Never received the item that I ordered. The last information I received was that it was only 30 miles from me a week ago. Amazon sent me an e-mail that it was lost and give it a week. It has been a week, so I asked for a replacement. Amazon said no deal. So I asked for a refund and again no deal. This is not the first time that I have not received an order from Amazon. It is time to start looking for mom and pop business again.
Bottle is good besides the fact that it's very fragile. Cracked from the bottom of the bottle in less then a few uses. Very disappointed
I ordered this product almost three weeks ago and still have not received it. It's is now pass the projected delivery date and I have contacted the seller three times over a period of 2 weeks, with no response. Initially I was just requesting tracking information, but even after not receiving the package, no one cared to contact me. I didn't have the highest of expectations for this product, but I expected to at least receive what I ordered.
They do not fit my glasses
Receive wrong item I buy blue and they send me black with red
Package was delivered opened and with two bars missing
could not chew much too tough
You sent the wrong card.
This made me break out and caused a rash after one use. Had to select at least 1 star in order to write review.
Tried this but it made me break out - will stitch to physical sunscreen in the future
The lenses are quality and helped me see, but they stick out really far from your face and sit on 2 pressure points on your nose.
I did not order this app. I would like it taken off my bill.
Disappointed! earrings arrived damaged. I will call to obtain a credit
Fits weird and gets sparkles everywhere!! I bought because I thought it was jewels everwhere but I was very wrong lol
When I received this product I thought it was beautiful, but after wearing it only a few times it is turning green. Do not waste your money!!
This arrived in the box that the player comes in I know other box to protect it. The box was in terrible condition I am very disappointed and plan on returning it
This Game does not give me any direction to work the app. I have it on my phone and am addicted to it, but cannot figure it out on my Kindle. It may be wonderful if it works, but have not been able to figure out how to do anything with it . So disappointed.
please please please create the update for the game i am so ready to give up and quit playing this is rediculous im tired of only getting to do half the stuff in the game i used to love to play but now i dont please help us and do the update already so we can play normaly.
After I adjusted this belt to fit it loosened within minutes. I tried reversing the clasp and found it did the same thing. There is also a problem with the clasp, it is hard to secure and will come undone often.
Had the vest for only six weeks, and the pocket tore out, reflective strips cracked and came off. Also, there are only two pockets, the other are just folds on the inside.
Just took the money. Never received the item. Contacted company with no results. Just took the money without product being delivered!
Do not buy these! I always buy these at the auto parts stores abd love them. But i guess amazon thinks they can get away with selling cheap counterfeits at a lower price smh
So..... I should've read the reviews before purchasing this. I'm residing stateside and this is a region 2 dvd. Nothing I have will play this. Sigh. Wish the seller would've stated that clearly, up front.
Came warped, and not able to play properly. Was very disappointed with quality for price. Contacted seller but no response yet.
It skips! Very upset.
Heavy and extremely uncomfortable bike. Not worth the $. Wish I could return it.
It will only play for a few minutes..then quits...My other ones play. Is this used...defected?? Do ypu have a replacement?
At first wasn't impressed until I hit the high level, Wow!!!!! So much heat it warns you to not touch lens it's hot, but after awhile the littles touch would change the mode and now it just stop working at all, I don't recommend
Hard to put on does not apply to the armpit easily made chafing worse
Terrible product. The mounting hardware CLEARLY isn't designed for the other parts.
I might have gotten a lemon, but I wouldn't recommend this reel i ordered this reel a while back, but the main part of the reel broke very easily after using only a few times and i was unable to fix it. is there a way to get a replacement part for the main reel, not the spool?
I bought this product in May, 3 months later, and only the second time using it the power went to nothing. I had one of the older models and had it for almost 20 years and it worked great, the quality has really gone hill and I can't even use it for assembling anything with more than 4 screws without it loosing its strength to keep going.
This product ruined my new Kindle. I am left with big round circles in the middle of my screen even after removing the screen protector. I cannot remove them and my kindle screen is an ugly sight. Buyer beware. This is a horrible product.
Doesn't work for my ring video doorbell original. Box that the cake comes in says it's a power source for ring video doorbell 2
Not impressed with the fit or style of these, they fit awkwardly and are very bulky.
I pay for this AND postage AND my prime ... hmmm
Melted from first use. Do not buy
They didn't mention that I have to buy TV tuner I realized that after I have paid 25$
Was great..but stopped working within one month
I placed order and was given delivery date. Two weeks after delivery date, and no magazine, I inquired and was told my order was received after offer expired.
After using this product for a year it is now overheating and makes the screen go black. After I unplug the firestick and let it cool down it will work again. Upsetting!!! I would buy another but afraid it will happen again.
This product is not recognized as an authentic software and cannot be activated! I want a refund!
Disappointed that once I received the CD, I only liked five songs.
This umbrella is terrible. Throwing it away!! So I incredibly difficult to close. Waste of money.
See my headline, enough said
Did not work as well as my older kindle. Speech to text doesn't work well
made hair too greasy only use at night
This helmet is terrible! I got it for my husband. It was uncomfortable, bulky, and got scratched almost immediately. I will say it was warm, but it made him look like an idiot. His head is big, and this made it look even bigger. He looked like Charlie brown skiing down the mountain. Wa-waa...
i didn't know tums can be very dry abd stale
It does not remove links on ALL watches, as described. Doesn't work on Rolex bracelets. Also, very cheap, poor quality.
These have minimal efficacy as compared to Motrin. Should be removed. Not fair to the person taking it who is in pain.
I was really excited to take this backpack for it's inaugural hike this weekend. As soon as I put it on and went to pull the straps to adjust it, one of the straps immediately broke because the stitching came undone, rendering the backpack unusable. I'm just glad this happened at home and not on the trail. For a product marketed for outdoor use, I'm extremely disappointed at the quality.
Not nearly as warm as it is being advertised (with the fire) barely gets warm, not worth the price
Picture good do far. Channels not staying intact for antenna.
Not quite standard, didn't fit
Wasn't able to try these...I ordered a size 8 I am a 7 and my toes are crunched! They want $9 to ship back!!
Wow. Quality control shipped is horrible. They shipped me a bike with a huge hole in the tire. Will never buy a bike off amazon again. This was a birthday present and i don't have time to return the bike and get a new one for the birthday. So now I'm buying a new tire and inner tube. Will never buy a bike here again.
It did not look like the same as our CBS News
poorly constructed, leaks, flimsy, plastic smells like heavy chemicals. do not recommend
Just put this shirt in the Donate-bin because it shrank too much after just 3 washes in cold water, with dryer on low.
Bought it for my son and it doesn't even work. Waste of money
Good idea but covers are too thin, they tear very easily.
Junk. Installed easy. Went to ride bike 3 days after install tire flat. Investigated seam was apart had to throw out. Looking for a new tube again.
Just got it today and was very eager to try them. Wow what a disappointment. I thought they would flavor it to make it taste like a marlboro red or something. Nope just a very bland taste. It tastes just like a billy tea cigarette and thats probably what they use for this cigarette is tea. The ash is black to.
Not warm at all... Hole on the first day.
Less than a year later - both batteries stopped working
app doesn't work on kindle fire tablet? tried twice and it still won't load.
The tool came to the house bent. I called the owner, who informed me I would need to contact Amazon, file a claim and send the product back to them. I asked to just have another tool shipped from him to me and he replied that Amazon had all of the tools. If I were the owner I'd make darn sure the customer was taken care of and not put it on Amazon. It's a needed tool for those who refill butane lighters but the customer service stinks.
The corners of this case began flaking, cracking and chipping off within a few weeks of normal use. The cover wasn't dropped or manhandled at all. The corners are now basically gone and jagged edges of plastic are there. I'm concerned the kindle will no longer be secure, and it is uncomfortable to hold due to the sharp plastic bits.
I can't taste the normally great cheese flavor through the burnt taste. Maybe I received a bad batch, but I will not buy again. I don't believe this is the #1 flavor. The Tabasco and sharp cheddar parm are my favorites.
The device is dead after 5 days of use. Not recommended.
Well it didn't cost very much but it is definitely cheaply made. It does not hold up heavy items and the loops are not wide enough for thicker handles items.
These pants are terribly cheap one zipper buttons break easy
I bought this to use as a general hobby saw for various uses a year or so ago. Ultimately it has sat unused as the quality of cuts are extremely poor. Perhaps good for hack cuts (think what you can do with a jigsaw) but not for anything else. FORGET ABOUT ANY PRECISION WITH THIS. And I do not mean for small pieces... really for anything. Wish I had made another decision. Will likely give away to local good will shop.
I set this TV up per the instructions. I turned it on and got a picture. I turned it off and back on again and got nothing but sound, no picture. I reviewed the manual for trouble shooting problems without result. I then called Samsung and was told they would contact a repair service to come out and fix my TV. Fix my TV? I didn't have it for more that four hours. I didn't want a refurbished TV! I explained my position to Samsung. Their response was that they could only have it repaired not replaced. Very disappointed with the whole affair. Sent it back!
This TV is great, everything about it is great... except it wont connect to the internet. Thanks Samsung.
My fire stick has stopped working within 30 days after I bought it.
I never received my ring :( tracked the package and says they left it in the mailbox but never received it! :(
USPS screwed up, did not received my item although according to USPS, they have delivered!!! Disappointing!
I just didn't like it so I deleted it after playing once.
Igniter broke the first day. Don't buy. Waste of money.
low quality, fell apart quickly
Item was ordered and paid for, but item never was received. Seller is a sham.
Have had nothing but trouble with this phone which has a 1 year warranty however try finding out how to get the phone serviced or replaced. sold by amazon but no info on how to get repaired. Do not waste money
I love the Vampire Diaries. It's my absolute favorite show. So when I found out Netflix was taking it off I decided that I'm going to buy all of the seasons on DVD. So I ordered this and was excited to receive it. Came just in an ordinary thin bubble mailer with no additional wrapping to protect it. The item itself was wrapped in plastic on the outside like most DVD's come. Take the plastic off and the cardboard sleeve is totally worn on every edge like it's seen years of abuse. Open the plastic case that contains the discs and the case is damaged and the part that holds the discs in and allows you to flip through them is broken and so there's a whole bunch of broken plastic pieces scattered inside the case and now there's nothing holding the disc holders in place inside the case. The discs themselves appear to be okay but there's a scuff on the edge of disc 5 but I think it will be okay and still play, I will update this later on if it does not.
Very boring. Even I changed slot machine, mostly same patterns.
I have to admit I'm very disappointed. I've worn this cologne for years and I've never had the experience as I do with this one. I do feel that it is either a watered-down version since the smell is not quite the same and it does not last near as long. Learned my lesson and will not be buying cologne other than at a well-known department store from now on.
I want to retrun it but amazon don't want to take it back can you please refund me
Tried to use this in daylight, diving in our lake, did not lighten the area much additionally at all
I bought three of these tablets for my children. They are not working properly now, after three months. Unfortunately the policy that allows you to return them expired so now I am stuck with three useless tablets that ran around $300. Not pleased with my purchase and would be hard pressed to recommend these to anyone I like. Also wish I had never bought them.
Trying to set it, after I was connected to the wifi, it said go back to the app. I was already in the app and no further instructions for the next step.
Received a jacket that was not what was described or depicted. The following was what was different: manufacturer, the stitching pattern, the fabric/filling, the collar was not a zipper all the way up (smaller collar which included two snaps) And no storage bag included. I returned it immediately.
Be nice if I could have received all at same time...
Don't wast your time, its a big disappointment! So tight on bonuses, I played for a week never got one, just about the time it looks like your going to get one the roll jerks and you don't!
Well I would love to give you an actual review of this product but I have not received it. I have tried to contact wheel toppers without any success. I have also informed amazon of this and so far I have not gotten any help from them. I am for the first time disappointed in them as well
I have 3yr dewalt batteries that hold a charge better.
Wow! And not in a good way. I had color treated hair and was looking for a slight tint to cover my grey....well 3-5 minutes later I'm left with bright red hair ONLY in the places that were dyed blonde. Don't not cover any other places. AND stripped all my other color away.
It doesn't work out of the package brand new, it won't charge.
Very poor quality. The spring broke upon first use.
I ordered a craftsmen wrench and they sent me a crescent wrench. The packaging was torn up and looked like it had already been opened
Very confusing product. The manual lists a different model number than that of the product actually shipped. I don't mind the broken english, but at times things are barely comprehensible in the manual. Emailed Arctic King a week ago, with the order #, requesting that they mail/email the correct manual, but no reply.
The stakes don't work in sand.
Had I known these would have cheaply been printed on photo paper I would never have bought them for my wife. She was irate when she looked at the back and saw they were printed so cheaply on photo paper. She is not happy with the quality
Rip off. Only 1 pack of needles, took a week to arrive, and nearly $15. Was supposed to be 5 packs. Don't order from this seller.
Seals wore out after only a few uses. Not what I expected
It was too small for my head.
I bought 2 of these in hopes of what all other reviews said.. Charged them on the original charger and went to fly. Both of them within 5 mins dropped down immediately. Went from full whem I lifted up. Accelerated forward about 30 yards and the low battery warning popped up. Brought it back to land and when touched the ground it said they were full again. I requested a refund and will be purchasing the originals.
This game fucking sucks.There is to many ads and it raises prices all the time.
I had another pair of Taotronics that lasted a long time. I thought that that was the quality I was getting with these. However they pretty much quit working after 2 uses. I can't get them to charge. Going to return them
fix this shit it's soooo fucking slow and laggy and when I'm doing something it gets out of the game by itself fix that shit NOW!
Seat height adjustment bolt missing.
I never got the package even though it says it was delivered.
It is not compatible properly with mobile audio and video are not synchronized properly. video is lagging behind the audio.
This DVD does not play, I've tried several DVD players, it's like it's a bootleg copy. This disc cannot be played in this region is the message my DVD player keeps giving me. I wouldn't buy from this seller again.
This was supposed to be a Best of Brook Benton CD--instead, it is a 15 minute medley of his songs, and a total waste of money. I would have given it zero stars if possible. As it is, I want my money back.
Well, I should have known better. These gloves did an excellent job right up until the 90th Day. Also, you click on the manufacturers link in the description and it takes you to a LIGHTING supply company that has nothing to do with gloves. Very deceptive add listing, and I got TOOK. I now have a left hand glove that doesn't heat at all and I'm not a happy camper!!
Purchased the kit as a gift for my little bro. My first impression was solid, however, when I unzipped the bag, I noticed a good portion of bandages are covered with oil stains? (no idea what it is). It makes me worried whether the product is truly sanitized? Hope seller can implement stricter quality control during production. Anyway, love the concept but not so much confidence about the quality tho.
You never know if it's on/off/working/out of battery power or butane or the scent pads. When in doubt...it doesn't work.
This is what I received toda an empty envelope nothing inside :(
these are not water proof, they do no burn for that long. I have no Idea why Amazon allows this...
item does not play! Request Credit refund !
We were shipped the wrong album. We got Tapestry by Carol King. It's another great album, but not what we ordered. It's a challenge a few days before Christmas.
The gameplay is good but when I bought something from the game store i did not get the item
Worst equipment ever
The quality of the sound is the same; I don't understand how to loop the sound. Complete waste of money...what am I missing?
Wore these one time and although they're supposed to be tight, these stocking were so tight they caused extreme pain. And I've been wearing compression hose for years. These compared to others I've bought cannot be worn bc they're so tight.
As in other reviews the rear speakers would not connect. The seller is unwilling to replace the rear speakers. After communicating with the seller, they called me a liar and refused to give support. Called Amazon and was given a handful of lies and told that amazon is not responsible for the people they allow to sell products. So end of story I do not recommend using the seller or amazon for any purchase.
I ordered a size 11 and recieved a size 12. Not good at all and dont know how to return them.
It wasn't really fun.
Good for about 2-3 uses, then become too dull to cut anything.
Received this product. I use my bottles for both hot and cold normally. This model, however, is definitely not rated for Hot. The first time I put coffee or tea in it and...ouch. Was so hot to the touch I might as well be holding the kettle.
Not worth the extra cost over the regular DOT. Can always disable explicit music in spotify or app directly. No need to pay 2x and a monthly fee to access content that is delivered free over YouTube or other online services.
Very small bag, doesn't look the same as the photo.
Couldn't use, my area wasn't included
Don't order these...they were returned as undelivered to an address that we have had a dozen items delivered to. Really frustrating.
Purchased this, downloaded twice and installed twice. Tried to search and see said beauty only to be told there is nothing available. Very disappointed.
Just out of the package, tried rolling to see how the item worked and it ripped where the velcro met material. Back it went.
When I clone my drive then try to run my computer using the cloned drive, all I get is a blue screen error.
Product blew up a hour after being installed
One of the straps broke as I was trying to put it up. So I wasn't able to use it!
Way over priced for a saw and heavier than I thought but accurate for small job
App will not connect to server. Won't let me login to facebook. Nothing.
Hate thi product. It is fake . Made my hair stick all together . I had to re wash it 3 times .
After just 2 uses,it wouldn't get hot enough to even burn skin,my electric blanket gets hotter.
I'm very disappointed. I opened the box and found that it is broken and I have to go through the return process. It's so hard to pack it again for return. It's very heavy.
Can't get it. Cable provider doesn't carry it. Prob. should've known.
Worked decent for the first month then started to loose suction and now has lost all suction power. Cheap product but figured it would last longer than this.
Ordered a 3x and should be a small!
I only received one pair of scissors. description says pack of 2. please send the missing pair.
Opened this movie CASE and it was an empty case. NO DISC kids were disappointed
Was an anniversary gift for my husband. Arrived with a gash on the side due to poor packaging. Don't even know if it works - still waiting for a response from the seller. Would be a huge inconvenience to ship back. Hoping seller will consider a partial refund if it is operable, but waiting to hear back from the seller before I unpackage further. Will update my review when I hear back. Very unhappy at the moment!
Impossible to fold back up. Directions are completely useless and unhelpful. I'm ready to throw this thing off the freeway because I can't figure out how to fold it back up. Next time make better directions on how to fold it back up.
Product will not connect to my network. Network shows up full strength but will not connect. Beings that 95% of our tv viewing is streamed, this is now useless to me.
Couldn't wear it. Very small sent it back.
This dry shampoo smells good however it leaves white powdery residue on your hair. I bought the dark tone spray hoping it would help and it did not.
I tried to exchange for a different one at Walmart and they said they don't exchange items purchase online.
Bent... Not useable and not able to return.. Bad quality.. Buy some other tool. Don't get ripped off.
I don't like 3 things 1) lot of suction needed to pull water through filter 2) the filter doesn't go all the way to bottom, so around 20% of water at bottom can't be used. 3) it's expensive.
Shite. Burned out after 10 uses.
Was shorted and blew out the fuse and one of my light bulbs. Very disappointed in the product would probably try to return it would cost me just as much to return it as the cost of the item. Luckily I was able to use the old ignition switch I just lost the keys for. I was able to get it to work with the new keys. But now I have to replace a blown headlight.
Really made the box smell good. Next time might be a good idea to close the lid before shipping.
made well and thick , problem is hole not center made it out of round bad vibration
Has a bad oder to it and the product was seeping out and all over the bottle.
I took the phone to be activated at a Verizon store today and was informed I could not because it had a bill attached to it and could not activate the phone in my name! I AM FURIOUS!
This Chinese flashlight was not only nowhere near 950 lumens it's not even 350 lumens , it's poorly made and the side on/off switch allows it to turn on by mistake in your pocket therefore I give it a thumbs down !
Paper towel holder does not retain paper towel roll once one has used approximately 25% of paper. Then the paper roll falls out.
Did not last only got 1000 miles and bearings shot
We did not receive the original order. Requested a replacement order and was charged twice. Ridiculous.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM!! I placed my order on February 12th and STILL have not received my item. To make matters worse I emailed the seller with my issue on March 10th and haven't so much as even gotten a response back. Terrible customer service and they just TOOK my money.
You have to pay money for coin and yet you do not win real coin. Then when your make a purchase then you always seem to lose all your money really fast.
This was a good concept, but it doesn't stick very well and falls off all the time. If you get this start thinking of ways to get it to hold better on the wall.
There wasn't an expiration date anywhere on the box or inside bag and you could tell it was old. Wouldn't cook right and tasted rancid.
Arrived with broken side hinge
No shows would start it just kept at a black screen
Unfortunately they started to fall apart after only a couple of wears. But it is a mass produced item that truly is not built to last.
Both pair broke in the same place. They are junk.
Terrible Customer Service to get this to work. It only works if you purchase through website directly so you cannot purchase through Apple Store and use this.
Won't zip up at the neck
Advertised as blue and yellow and received a black and red one.
This is not really a evaporative cooler. It's more of a essential oil defuser with a fan function.
Parts missing, no instructions included. Was told to watch a YouTube video with was no longer available. Keep your money !!
Horrible product! Have only used it 6 times and it's completely falling apart! Do not get this for your child!
DVD arrived in package looking fine, no damage. Disc would not read at all. Returned, Amazon sent a replacment, same problem, replacement arrived with no damage but Disc would not play at all. Suspect it was a bad batch of DVDs.
Broke after the second use
Thought it would be instant purchase but had to wait almost 8 hours before I recieved my DD code. Very frustrating! My husband was wanting to play immediately and we have purchased these before and never had to wait. I will be shopping my local stores for this next time.
The saw itself still works but the extension pole provided broke within the first hour of use. The shaft inside the pole snapped and the extension pole no longer works. Also the shoulder strap is damaged. The metal loop bent and the shoulder strap can no longer be used. Very disappointed
Still get ads even as a premium number
I was sent a defective product. The drawstring was not properly included into the bag making it impossible to tie up securely.
Arrived with a broken case and scratched DVD. Poor video quality and was a Canadian version, which I don't recall being in the description.
Installing Windows from this disk failed. Copying the disk to a USB failed. I had to buy an installation USB from elsewhere.
Arrived on time, seems very durable, but there was no HIN number on it so I could not register the kayak.
If they are not in the box, thus connected in strings, they are useless. Package your items better! NO STARS
Do not buy it you're constantly recharge your batteries
just not what I expected. Too many advertisements, even on the one that is supposed to be ad free.
the switch didn't even last a year, nice bright light but a total piece of junk
I bought this for my duty flashlight and I was very dissapointed that it did not even come close to a proper fit, even though it is supposedly made for my light
I am a paid premium member, but I cannot connect with my information to my tv. No response from customer service - $50 down the drain!
daughter got for Christmas won't charge or turn on daughter is so sad and I don't know what to do???Do like the damn thing tho
Ok not into it but ok
I received a counterfeit set. The box was sliced (like a razor blade had been dragged across it), two of the six DVD cases inside were broken, and although the menus would load just fine, there were no actual episodes on the two DVDs from the set that I tried to play. Returning.
This was not a good product.
After 2 months and less than 10 times using, the hose sprung a leak. Piece of garbage. I advise spending more money and getting something with quality.
Didn't Last two traveling wrestling tournaments.
Product has leaked all over the stuff. Bag the product came in is ruined.
I am trying to love Prime Pantry but the pack n ship of my order was deplorable, I bought 9 cans of Progresso soup, 6 of the 9 were badly dented, 2 packs of Jello pudding mix that were squashed/damaged by the cans, a box of slow cooker liners that was flattened by the cans and a cardboard container of Quaker Old Fashioned Oats where the cans during transit punched the cardboard bottom that caused the oats to spill in to the box.
poorly packed and was losing shampoo in the box. Your hair does not feel clean and does not suds up in the hair. I won't buy again, a waste of your money.
was skeptical after readying reviews. quickly saw exactly what they meant and deleted the app
only one side will work my daughter has never been able to ride it and can't get in contact with anyone to help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Singers are not upto par and lack of characteristic,music not world class but sounds are clear.
I received an email from Amazon.com stating that if I downloaded their Amazon Underground app and signed once, that I would receive $10 if done so before Dec. 4 2017. It's Jan 11 2018. To date have not received said funds.
Didnt work at all. As soon as I began filling a tube it would shut off (overheating). Wasnt happy as I hade 7 tubes to blow up. Luckily I had a manual one.
Did not receive rim received Tire only this is the second time around
I ordered two sets for my wife and I. Oddly, both packages had problems. One box contained a defective battery insert: one of the slots had no spring. The other box arrived with no batteries. A strange coincidence I suppose but it's indicative that this product is cheap crud. Returned them both.
Unable to give a rating on the product itself, because it's a Christmas gift for my husband. However, if the product is anything like the packing, I'm sure it will be a disappointment.
Small is too small to carry anything but set of keys OR single snack bar.
My son and I each bought one of these sets for our trip to Hawaii so we could be free to snorkel anywhere. It worked great the first 3 times we went to use the snorkeling set but the 3rd time my mask started leaking on the right side and my sons on the left side. I would have paid more money not to have to deal with my mask leaking on our first trip to Hawaii. My advice is pay a little more and not have your trip go sour because of poor equipment.
This item has only been used for a couple of hours and the motor surges and it seems like it's going to break soon.
As an adult, I do not need this company to monitor and block my purchases because they think I am spending too much.
I don't know what to say but bad
Purchased this for my 3 yr old. Went to give them access under their profile and it's asking to purchase again. Would not recommend.
Did not work as described. Not the quality you would expect. Just annoying. Awkward! Junk completely. Very poor quality. I am very disappointed.
Received a very bad pirated copy
Terrible...I've bought like 6 of these because it works so well initially but they all stop working after several uses
It doesn't work for cleaning a bathroom Am protecting you from fumes
The pump inside the bottle doesn't dispense body wash.
Did not mean to buy it. Can't use it. Can't play the music without paying more $
Kit is basically unusable. The negative lead has no continuity and seems to have a broken wire. The kit has a lot of useful items in it, clips and such, but is rendered useless with a broken lead.
Three months after the purchase, I still have no clue where my order is. Contacted the seller a month ago and got no response. Don't waste your time and money on this. I would give zero star if possible!
This stuff literally does nothing.
I really want to love this table bec it's lightweight and packable. First time I used it there's scratch on the table that I wasn't really worried about since it's not gonna stay long where the paint is all in tact. But the thing is, even no matter how I clean it gently with water, the color still keeps on fading. I wish I never purchased this table and just buy a normal camping table. I'm so disappointed. After few uses also it has a gap when u assemble it.
Package late 5 days still not delivered
Product never arrived
Everyone was right. Garbage. Only Way of the dragon was cool.
First couple fills, it works well. After that, it just stops working
Product listing stated condition was very good, but the case is cracked and the disc is scratched. Disc skips in player; condition is def not "very good." I'm returning it.
The one on Amazon store seems to be made for much older Android/Fire devices. That's too bad, I liked the website and the books. I could get it on Google play, but that defeats the purpose of having the kids' tablets in the first place.
This is my 2nd tacx product. Unless you have an electrical engineering degree and want to spend half a day trouble shooting basic calibration between the calibration app, the utility app, and zwift, this is not the trainer for you. Tacx support is horrible too. I am returning and saving for a wahoo.
Not a great product.
Items were stolen out of mailbox so who knows?
Will not play says it's prohibited by my area
This is just a library of layouts. You can't edit them whatsoever.
The advertisement did not state that assembly was required, so I thought the only thing I would have to do is put on the wheels. I am 77 and do not like assembling things when I get them. Second, there was a part missing and a friend of mine had to make one so I didn't have to wait. Third, the second to bottom draw is splitting and they must have used green wood on it. Happy? Not in the least and I would never buy another product from them.
Lots of buffering. Lots and lots.
To say this is coast guard approved is misleading at best. Pay attention to what I say next: you are required to have flares and this is not a substitute!! How do I know...the coast guard told me so--- two stations on long island. This is made to go on a life vest and is just an extra layer of insurance. Flares must be on board and not expired.
I work outside & have wool socks on the toe warmers are not keeping toes warm :(
Bought this SOLELY for LS manifold bolts. 8mm bolt. 8mm tool doesnt grab. Use the Mac version. Works. Get what you pay for. Simple as that
I bought this for a gift. My friend just opened them and one was a small and the other was an extra large. No luck getting in contact for a refund.
I ordered this, got a cool color pink vinyl, played the b-side and it skipped several times. Well, bummer. I called amazon, got a replacement sent, same color vinyl arrived with the same skipping in the same places. Had another replacement sent. Same color, same... you get the point.
The song was fine but it downloaded as zip file. I only wanted it to load to my other Amazon music file/windows media of my PC. Now I cannot load the song onto my android phone. I tried over and over again. The Amazon download procedure are too directed toward buying more Amazon services and absolutely do not make me happy as a customer. Will someone call or email me and straighten this out.
This flashlight does not work to identify urine stains. Also, Amazon will not let me return it. NOT HAPPY.
i am so disappointed... after only a few short months of daily use the handle detached!
i can not get this dragon to load. Not user friendly at all
The remote stopped working after 3 uses. I am hoping I can get a replacement remote.
Bought after reading mixed reviews, rode my Honda Ruckus this morning as a trial. 40 degrees out 35 mph fingertips we're frozen after 10 minutes in dry conditions.
Fun and entertaining until about 20th task. Then it became just plain irritating. Don't need a game to give me stress.
Terrible customer service
This app should have all free games
no disc.packege only.maybe you forget disc in Blu-ray.please send again.
Don't care for it. It's think but it's also hard. I don't really see the point in putting something additional that is hard under my knees when they need protection from the hard floor.
This is not the original Wen. This purchase was a waste of money.
I had sent this to my sister and she said it was delivered but someone had stolen it from her porch she does live in an apt complex. but I paid for something that was never received?
This not what I expected. I will just keep it, don't want to deal with returns. I will buy different one later
This blu ray disc is formatted for European blu ray players! It will not play in your blu ray player. Not sure why it's even offered on Amazon here. I just saw the movie and ordered it. It never occured to me to check for such a thing. Going back...
Does not come with pump like it says it does. Does not include repair kit either.
That's not my need. Disappointed. The worst software. A piece of Junk! The worst design. Worst Worst Worst
The battery in this lasts less than 2hrs on a full charge! Not at all happy with it.
Keeps going off line. Now cant get it back on line.
Well the main draw back was controlling the temperature... you can't. And I got it April 10 and it is no longer working as of today. I use it maybe once or twice a week... UGH!!
After two uses the only way it works if its plugged in. Supplier please fix this.
I specifically waited for this color to be available and there are no speckles as described. The lid doesn't close tightly and the whole construction seems cheap. Im really displeased and upset because I was Greatly anticipating this item. When I asked for assistance like cooking instructions; GSI wasn't willing to reply. Never buying GSI again
I used it today for the first time. I bought it for myself before Christmas. I'm 64 and getting into crafting. Today I was sanding a pressed wood turtle. Approximately 15” long. Shaping the fins and head. The rotary tool stopped working after about 45 minutes. After that It kept coming on and off as I held it. The accessories are the bomb but 45 minutes before it craps out is not good. I was so disappointed!
Still waiting for this cd of movie!! Why taking so long??
Never received my order this must be a scam
This DVD should of lasted more then 3 months
Tried this app for about a week. I really didn't thing it was that great
Redeemed code. It was never reflected In the balance. IM WARNING U DO NOT PURCHASE !
Opened the box and put battery in it. Not working :(
This product does not look right, its greasy and the size is not the same as the original one.
I was super excited to watch Point Break. However the movie will not play. Super disappointed.
one socket arrived damage. the end was bent. they are shipped in a plastic bag not a box.
Absolute 100% trash, literally broke with first use. Should not even be allowed to be sold. I want a refund plus compensation for wasting my time
Used with a moisturizer, used without a moisturizer, used with fair skin, used with dark skin, used with green eggs and ham, used with Sam I Am, this garbage is little more than a poor "foundation" makeup material that has nothing about it that is "bronzing" at all. Made even worse my the high price. Do yourself a favor and get a cheap sunless tanning product instead and save money and disappointment.
I don't even know what this is! I sure didn't order it! Take it off!
Never received these flashlights
Batteries leaking and non-functional on arrival
only tried to use this once. i have numerous plans on various digital devices. completely underwhelming. takes a lot of searching just to find where to submit an issue.
Your picture of this bill was very deceiving. Once i got this bill, it was in bad shape and not in very good condition as you stated in the description. Not satisfied at all!!
Everything about the tablet is a disappointment.
Poor quality. Broke during shipment. Looked cheap. Would not recommend.
With the exception of 8 weeks of boot camp, I have worn only Jockey tee shirts for the last 27 years. Against my better judgment based on price and customer reviews I ordered these tee shirts. Overall quality of the shirt and its fit and feel are good similar to Jockey. That being said, the collars are terrible, They shrivel and rolls like bacon, several of them were rolled right out of the dryer. By the end of the day the collars are stretched to the point of showing my collar bones, not a look I'm going for. If you like stretched, shriveled or rolled collars, these shirts are for you. If not, don't buy them. Also, my collar experience was after one wash and one wear and only got worse after second wash and wear.
Hate it! How can I delete it?????
movies would not play in a DVD player that was made in the United States . sent back
Find a local yourself instead of going through Amazon for such services
Snaps ripped off jacket after first use
could not set time or date.
I live in the country and figured I'd save time and money buying these off Amazon, boy was I wrong. The first tube did not hold air. Was broken at valve stem. The second tube blew up within my first 30 minutes on the bmx track.
This item is 100% counterfeit purchased the real version of this flat iron from a reputable beauty supply store. It's not worth the $60.
The package was not sealed. The first thing that happened was 3 if the wrenches disconnected from their coils and fell on the floor. Then when I counted them I realized that one was missing. All I needed was to tighten my kid's bike seat and the correct size was included so I don't need to return it but geez!
I did not like this product. It weighed my hair down and made it look frizzy.
The stuff in the jar arrived in one solid mass.
Was charged $44.99 by Intuit to proceed to get State done and E-file, when State was completed, in order to E-file I had to pay an additional 24.99 plus 39.99 to get my refund directly deposited. Buyer beware.........contacted my Credit card to let them know of disputed amounts, and I may not be the only person this is happening to.
Paid for the subscription, but never received the magazine!
What is wildest I didn't buy anything called that
Junk broke after ten days of use
Is not correct product for my daughters monster high scooter
I bought this for my 3 yrs son for 12 inch bicycle. Doesn't work , no matter what you adjust it still 2 high. I think they maybe work better for 14” or 16” inch . But , I am not recommend for 12” in bicycle.
This is not a review of Rick and Morty, I love this show. I am giving this one star because 1. I assumed there was the digital version included (like every other bluray I buy in todays world). Digital version is NOT included. 2. The bluray box was damaged, pretty significantly. Luckily the bluray inside was fine but I was hoping to keep the box. The inside bluray was not covered in plastic film so I wonder if this unit was used previously even though I bought it as new. Lesson learned, Ill only buy these new in store from now on.
I must be an idiot. I was expecting better than this. Failed test. Don't let the description fools you! Poor quality. Don't use. This was my worst buy yet.
Items lid does not fit top of can. Can Feels half used. Very disappointed.
Did not stick to our decking that we were hoping to make anti slip. popped right off
Very disappointed. The outer box from Amazon was fine. The inner box containing the item was all torn up. This leaves me to assume someone put this damaged item into the shipping box. This is not how you should sell your products. I like Makita tools, they are great! My problem is not with the tool itself but how it came.
I received this product used and dirty and only 1 piece in it instead of 5. I contacted and they said they would send me a replacement. Here I am 2 months later and still nothing .
Even free, this app is useless and worth the $0 I paid for it. Deleted.
This seller never shipped order. They created a label, but never sent item to USPS. I waited one whole month and received nothing. Thanks to Amazon who refunded the money on behalf of the seller.
Sent it me an obviously used part. Burned up in 1 month.
I ordered and paid for 4 bags and only got 1
Don't waste your time and data space. Pay for play game.
Never ordered or received
Not great. Have spent hours trying to get shifting to work properly and is still not working.
THIS DID NOT FIT MY DAUGHTER'S FIRE 7 AT ALL, WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT AND WASTE OF MONEY!!
Spoiler, I don't fly. I couldn't ignite this stuff with a propane torch. I don't know what this guy is selling, but it ain't magnesium, or it's such a poor grade as to be effectively useless.
Stated that India vs NZ match was live and no way to check unless you buy the package. money wasted. they should not cheat customers with fake marketing.
I am missing disc one of season 5. cant watch a series missing a disc 🙄
Stick these in your glove and your palm comes out covered with soot, or whatever it is. It does not come clean easily. Now the insides of my gloves are saturated with the soot. Who would make a product like this and say it is good to go?
Worked great a few times, but it failed me on two rides in which I needed this light to be riding at night. The first time I thought the light wasn't fully charged because the lights themselves would flash three times and then the unit would power off. After that ride I charged it fully, even though there was no indicator telling me it was charging or charged. Second ride I tested the light and the same thing happened, the light flashed three times and shut off. Cheap product.
item of very poor quality, the first day of use the magnet was detached, the socket of 1/4 and 5/16 lost the magnet, very bad quality, I lost my money and the article is useless
Very disappointing product. After using this two times, the battery won't fully charge and the saw runs for only 5 to 10 minutes. While a number of people have commented on the lack of a replacement battery, even if one was available, I wouldn't bother; instead I bought a new saw from a name brand manufacturer and it is terrific.
I only had the machine for 2 months and it already broke. The water pump started making a grinding noise and smelled like it was burning. Igloo is replacing it for us. Hopefully the next one last longer than 2 months
Came dented and bent and scratched. Didn't even work a full week
I didn't use this code because I can't. I used steam version and this does not work. The description isn't clear. Please refund me
I buy 6 and one broken!!!!!
Game is addictive. I paid for ad free version because the ads were so irritating and 30 seconds long. It's not actually ad free though. Still has 30 second ads, just not as many.
who manufacture this item. LOL.. everyone and their mother are all selling the same junk.
I did not even get the product i asked for. I got a bag of rocks. This is absurd and will not be ordering from amazon again.
Installed on my bike looking forward to having it stand upright for adjustments and repairs. Decided to take a break and sit on the bike for several minutes... After a couple minutes I noticed it was beginning to lean to the left so I shifted to the right a bit to even it out. Another few seconds and it was leaning left so much it was ready to fall over so I got off and look at at the stand. The left leg was very noticeably bent forward and a bit to the left. No, the mounting bolt was NOT loose. This all means that this stand is made from the absolute cheapest mild steel and basically a piece of junk... Don't waste your money!
After eagerly anticipating to watch this childhood classic again, my children and I were disappointed to discover that this DVD had NO SOUND. We tried watching the DVD on two separate DVD players and each time, there was no sound. When we put in another DVD, there was sound, confirming that there was indeed something wrong with the DVD and not the DVD player. Unfortunately, since we discovered this after the 30 day return limit, we were stuck with this soundless movie. In short, do not buy this unless you want to sing "A Whole New World" and make up the dialogue.
I put my daughters hearing aides into the plastic sleeves. She wore the head band for about an hour and then asked for it to be removed. When I removed her hearing aides I noticed the plastic sleeve holding the hearing aide was torn. The plastic isn't durable enough for children. They give you an extra sleeve but no way to put it on without ruining the headband.
It starts and restarts constantly and never gets to the main screen.
The Tablo instructions and the response from the unit did not match. I found this unit to be very "buggy". The program guide is a subscription service that you pay for past 30 days. Tablo only records from an antenna which is o.k. if all of your stations are in the same direction and require no re-aim for some stations. I do not recommend, I returned the unit for refund. Good Luck!
I bought this for my husband for Christmas and by February it is no longer functional. Picture was great while it lasted. Customer service is terrible, I keep trying to get into contact with the seller, but they keep trying to give me an email that is redacted by amazon. I contacted them again last week and have yet to hear back.
I don't like the touchscreen. I am always hitting it causing pages to jump ahead. It is very slow to turn pages and not intuitive. I loved my old Kindle and have gone back to books to avoid this thing. It is really awful. I wanted so bad to like it. The backlight is nice for reading at night but I would much rather have my 5th generation back.
Garbage DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Had the lights for two weeks and they stopped working and wouldn't charge at all!!!
This is how my son's tv came real messed up
Loved the machine but it broke within 4 months....
Okay so I was disappointed for the fact that I had wanted the black one and instead I recieved a white one. The black one was the only one pictured. It did not give me an option for neither color. So I was assuming the black one I was getting. Now I dont know what to do, it's for a Christmas present. And the black she wanted.
This nailer is awful. It came with brad nails and it does not push them in half way. I ended up hammering them the rest and some bent causing damage to the wood. I am returning immediately. Unfortunately I ordered more brad nail sets that didnt come in so they will have to go back to
This was used & broken, box falling apart and no instructions. Fulfilled by Amazon too, Shame on you AMAZON!!! I needed this for a retirement party gag gift for a retiring fire chief that we made and now you've ruined the day. Unbelievable to send a used broken product. Shame, shame, shame.
This product was destroyed in shipping and the seller doesn't take returns. I'll never buy this product again. Terribly disappointed
Charger did not work. No red indicator light ever came on and batteries did not charge.
I still waiting for response from the vendor on both things, I don't receive anything yet , anyway I don't need it because I get tired to waiting for, that's why my review are like this , I not happy!!
Product description / picture does not match what I actually received. - Avoid if you want two identical bearings.
They taste absolutely disgusting. You think you're getting a bargain. Well you're not. They say to take three gummies! Every other gummies say to take 2. I couldn't even take them myself.
It's a good design however on the instructions it gives you the option to modify the space on your nose..and the product doesn't have that feature.. i was very disappointed.
Doesn't stick to stainless steel dishwasher so I'm not sure why they sell this item for dishwashers
Product itself is great, I've used it previously purchased from Ulta and have had great results. Ordered it here so I didn't have to run to store, wish I hadn't. Product showed up obviously previously opened, wrapped in plastic wrap and half empty. Rediculous. I obviously won't be keeping and am sending back. Won't be ordering cosmetic type products from here again.
I really like how this creme makes my hands feel soft; however, the use of camphor in this product is a big problem. By the time I rub it in (and it does rub in completely) my eyes are burning from camphor. I do not recommend you use this product on your face or near your eyes or other sensitive areas with mucous membranes. Keep your hands away from your eyes after applying!! I wish that I could have this exact same product without the camphor!
Movie freezes mid-way through and skips to the end credits.
I ordered a large got a medium and the wrong style!! I wanted a pullover.
It made my hair limp and did not add volume. My friend loves it and recommended it, but it simply didn't work for me.
Fake alert! This is not Pureology. Smell is different. Bottle color is off. Doesn't leave hair soft + shiny like the real thing.
Two of the vials were almost empty and another vial was only 3/4 full. One vial doesn't spray correctly. Disappointed
After several usages, the seal between the female side to hose connections started to leak making it useless. It was not the gasket, but poor design for the collet fitting.
I am not happy , i ordered a rear wheel and you send me a front one .
Would not work on my Kindle Fire 5th generation.
Plastic and not strong enough to hold blade securely
This will not protect... cracked as soon as I took it out to put it on the tablet.
The Hoodie does not look the same as does in the picture. In the Picture the arms and pocket look black when I open the package I notice the hoodie was all green.
Upset that you have to have cable
If there was a zero star I would've pick that 1 ... doesn't work n couldn't get my refund
Worked great for awhile, then it rusted out on the inside. DON'T bother with the Assurant warranty. They refused to cover it. Absolutely disgusting.
Did not fit my 4" metal dryer aluminum duct. It should be a little bigger to fit the 4" metal aluminum but they made it the same size.
TrailBuddy made in China. Amazon deceived me for not telling where this made as asked
They don't offer my cable provider on their list. It says be patient they are adding more everyday. I'm wondering what would be the hold up? I get your show free on my cable package I just want have one device that does it all. The app and Fox need to come into the 21 century.
Never got it as Amazon seems 2 have multiple problems never delivered it Last 6 orders 2 lost, one incorrect, one 21 Day delivery,another not delivered and now where is this?
too small, i put a tape around my head and fell an inch below their top end and the large xl hat is too small. uncomfortably tight. pressure. have to send it back. it seems really nice otherwise.
I bought these for my 10 year old vegetarian daughter. She said they were gross, so I tasted one and couldn't even finish it. Horrible. Tasted like a dry Fig Newton
Purchased “new” cover was scuffed up and binding was bent as if it was used
The item arrived with with plastic window mount, not dashboard kit. Doesn't show traffic, when tried Help function, it says the cable it came with doesn't allow connection for live traffic update. Otherwise works. Very disappointed with Seller for incorrect description in Anazon
Very streaked ! I have been using Fake Bake for 3 years now and decided to use something else- went back to Fake Bake the next day. This stuff looked awful.
This bike is defective, the pedal touches the front wheel once you turn the handle about 15 degrees. My daughter's shoes touched critically the front wheel when she turned the handle. It is very dangerous. I requested the refund.
I got these based on reviews after buying a pair of expensive fancy cycling underwear from a bike shop. The shop ones worked well and were reasonably comfortable. These ones are incredibly uncomfortable. If I pull them up all the way they are constricting of my... sensitive areas, and cycling that way leads to very unpleasant accidental pinching. Lowering them a bit is more comfortable but then the padding rarely lines up right with the seat so I'm always wriggling around trying to get it right. Size wise they fit fine as if they were underwear, it's just the cut is soooo bad. Pay a few bucks more for something that is not complete garbage.
It was nice looking but knob didn't spin when I put it in case so I had to set it before hand. And it cracked soon as I tightened up
The price was extremely expensive. It's a laundry product to be used when washing white colored clothes. Very dissatisfied.
Very surprised and disappointed in Thule for this product. Normally their products are well made and constructed. Unfortunately this pad appears to be an afterthought. The straps (as many have mentioned) are attached in a very flimsy manner, and in fact are attached such that they can't help but separate. A linear pull on the straps or mat delaminates them because they are stitched backwards to the direction of force. An obvious design flaw. Furthermore, the mat lacks any heft at all to hold it down on the angled surface of the vehicle...it's so light the force of gravity does not even overcome the memory curve you get if you keep it rolled up. Funny though - if you look at the product picture you can see the upward curve of the mat lol. Save yourself some money and go to Kmart, buy TWO bath mats with rubber backings and drape one over your vehicle, and place the other under the back end of your kayak to prevent scrapes as you angle it up onto your racks. You will pay 1/2 of the 40 bucks you would be shelling out for this mat and can use them to throw all of your wet gear on in the back of your vehicle when you're done. First thoroughly negative review I've ever posted on amazon, makes me nervous about other Thule products now...and they always had me as a cheerleader in their corner.
Product does not work well with ring camera alarm system. It blocks the camera view constantly. I would not recommend buying this!
Dislike everything about this product. Took 2 pallets apart and tore the back of the Steel Pallet Buster Tool Replacement Head. Very, very cheap. A waste for the money. 2 pallets only and look how ripped and divits are in this product.
My kids loved this until they dropped it once and the bottom part broke open and all the little crystals got scattered throughout my house, would not repurchase
So far, I have not been able to get it to work. I'm still trying. It might help if there were written instructions.
Cool back pack on this chair... but expect all your crap to dump out WHEN YOU HAVE TO FLIP THE CHAIR UPSIDE DOWN TO CLOSE IT! So the backpack is useless to me. The chair even comes with directions that state it must be turned upside down for it to close so it's not a user error. Sand from the bottom of the chairs legs gets all over when you close it. After 3 weeks of use, the grommets are now rusting and I've come to really dislike this chair.
I did not receive this package??
Fell apart after first use! Took with me to Japan for day backing through city. Second trip out seam on upper pocket split. Then I notice internal coating changing color and peeling. If you are looking for one and done type item this is it. Disappointed beyond belief!
Was so excited to get this product until I unscrewed the lid and found the inner silicone ring to be mangled up inside. And even worse, it wasn't even the right size for the lid itself. I emailed the company in the hopes that they might respond and make restitution however so far I have heard nothing. What a disappointment. I will be returning this product as it's completely useless without the silicon ring in place to keep it from leaking.
I decided to try this and it was not good. I couldn't finish it, I don't know what it was but I just felt a little sick half way through. I've had other burger substitutes and that's why I wanted to give this a try, but this was horrible.
I have not received it!!
DO NOT DOWNLOAD. Terrible app for children. It is full of advertisement, bait & switch buttons, and buttons to download other apps. It is very difficult and time consuming to get to the real Kids Water Swimming app - almost impossible because you have to figure how to maneuver your way out of all the myriad of one advertisement to the next.
In less than a year the microwave started beeping randomly. Enough that I had to wake up to unplug. Then when using microwave it automatically shut off. And I did go through the recommended troubleshooting. Embarrassed that I spent that much money on a microwave and had all that drama.
Strap broke during first use.
My husband and son both have these and they have had them for years. I just bought a new one for my husband and had to return it because it had a defective zipper. We exchanged it and the one we have now the zipper is now broken. Not happy with this as in the past this was a quality product.
Bought this to gift my daughter for Easter. Just opened to connect up to the computer and download music to have it all ready to go in her easter basket and come to find out... It DOESN'T support CD files NOR windows 10 computers. So basically it's junk to us because I bought it to download her favorite CD's to and we only own a windows 10 laptop. Nowhere in the public description does it state any of that info. I was so excited to receive it and it was a huge let down. I now don't have time to buy another and set it up before she comes homes tomorrow. Disappointed.
Meant to say Ductless instead of 'ventless'!
Doesn't work since I upgraded to the paid version.
As soon as I started it I'd found out WiFi doesn't works so I couldn't even use it. Other devices find WiFi spot but this couldn't find any. Great dissatisfaction.
I don't know why but this soup had bits of white pieces in it. I didn't know it wasn't supposed to be like that until I found this item at Whole Foods. The one from the local store was without the white pieces.
These will break immediately.
say xl but are more like a small
Winner of worst Kindle ever. The display is no better than a Paperwhite, the design is idiotic, the price cannot be justified, then after 6 months it broke beyond the time which I could return it. It would no longer turn pages with a swipe or button. It would turn a page if I turned it upside down, very strange. The Paperwhite is excellent.
you guys sent the wrong color
All lettuce was White. And barely any of the “stuff”. Not worth it at all
Cannot get this applied without bubbles, in spite of many contradictory instructions in the package and online. Threw all three protectors away in disgust. Don't waste your money.
I hate the it is sooo dumb
I don't like it Old recording
Never used it bought it for my air fryer and returned the air fryer waste of money should get my money back on this....
Used tape on torn hiking rip stop pants and it didn't stay on a single day without peeling off. I had washed & dried the pants first, laid them on a flat surface and applied the rounded sides tape patch. A complete waste of my time.
DO NOT buy this for hammock hanging!! I also was linked to this product from a YouTube video. It claims a tensile strength of 3500 lbs -NOT TRUE!! It broke in less than 1 minute.
I ordered this for a diving board. It was installed 2 days before we used the pool to give it time to stick. The tape came up there was absolutely no glue on the back of it. Just didn't work at all.
Very disappointed in the quality of the brackets. The pictures the seller has posted show lovely black brackets but what arrives is a rusty mess. Rusty brackets is not my ascetic and now I have to take the time and money to fix, very annoyed
JUNK! After a few washings in cold water / air dry... the fabric started to shrink in on itself. When I contacted the seller to return the item they said it was beyond the return date - there wasn't a return date listed on the website = they lied. Avoid this seller and product. - even if you see other positive reviews. These pant were purchased in 2018. Maybe they'll improve the fabric in 2019. No matter I plan to avoid this seller.
I never received my items
This may or MAY NOT be UV resistant. I will not be using it for that because there is nothing on the product that says anything about UV resistance. As far as I can tell this is 100% a FAKE PRODUCT that offers no UV resistance as stated in the description.
Loved this unit was working great and sounding wonderful . But went out quit working only had it 7 months.
A nice idea that is undone by the poor quality. The batteries are a clamshell construction of some brittle plastic. Within a week the two halves had separated. This is likely to occur since when they are inserted into the heel of the insole, there is just a little indent to grab it with your finger, right along the seam. There would be a little tab that allows you to pull the battery out of the insole They replaced the defective pair and the same thing happened with the replacement. I tried to glue the batteries back together but they continue to split. It is also hard to tell if they are working. There is a little green light that flashes when turned on, but it is hidden when inserted. There have been times that one turns on and the other doesn't. Now I have four cracked batteries and no functioning insoles after spending nearly $100 With a better design, better engineering, better materials, and some quality control. this could be a good product. Until then, save your money
Not working on my kindle fire. So disappointed.
Came today in a dented box after being promised for two day shipping (actually took 6 days). Got so tired and upset with the lying about the arrival date that I asked to cancel the order or return since the estimated delivery time was Mon or Tues, and of course magically amazon sent it to me the next day. And of course! Third party seller doesn't allow returns! Horrible service and I already bought some at the drug store. Horrible delayed service without a return
This is the third one of these batteries I have bought. This one only lasted 8 weeks. The other 2 failed after using them in the Porter Cable circular saw. A waste of time and money.
Turn out this is an expensive pedometer tried to sync countless times to several different devices with no luck. Wold NOT RECOMMEND
was not what I expected and I deleted it
U people mad me pay for this stupid game like plz stop making games no one like this game and no one ever will...well many your mom but that is.
SURVEYS ARE BULLSHIT AND I DON`T DO THEM. SO DON`T ASK AGAIN.
This game stinks big time...I kept trying to give the customers fries and it was not letting me so I had to keep throwing them away.
This product sucks!! I just spent a few weeks in northern Minnesota and they didn't do anything for me even on high. All BS!!And you can't return them lol. They ship them to you ok but when you try to return them you can't and get this. Item can't be returned since it requires special transportation and handling which we can't provide. They can provide it to ship to you but they can't to ship it back the same way they shipped it to you. How is that possible? Don't waste your money unless you want to warm your feet in your house not in the stand on a cold morning or evening shoot.Good luck if you buy them. Just send me your money and I'll send you my crap when I can find special transportation and handling that I can't provide for you that I really can't lol.
Plastic frame tends to warp with heat. A week after install, it was bent out of shape, no pun intended!
Apparently Craftsman isn't known for quality anymore. I used the tool for all of 30 minutes total and it got too hot to hold and started smoking. I didn't use it for 30 minutes consistently either!
I am unable to use because the benchrest I received has no threads for the T-bar to screw in. This is my second attempt, both with similar manufacturing flaw.
I read the books and was very impressed by Ken Follett's ability to weave English history into a wonderfully adapted story of the middle ages. That being said . . . . I was looking forward to watching the British series. I was very disappointed in the screen adaptation of the book. The series is so different from the book that it's hard to watch. I wonder what Ken Follett thought of the way his book was butchered. I know it's a long book but It could have been handled a little differently instead of changing the story to fit the time slot.
Product bag was smashed and bag was spilled out in box.
You have to subscribe to a paid TV networking i.e. DirecTV dish TV or cable TV Do use it
Didn't fit in my trek helmet.
I've only had this for 2 months and the scale has already stopped working. Display screen blanks out and won't take or show weight
I bought these to replace an earlier pair I had purchased some years back. These gloves used to be made from canvas and leather, with a mesh on the back of the hand. These ones for sale on Amazon are super-thin plastic stuff, no canvas anywhere, no leather anywhere. They "look nice", but are completely worthless for protecting your hands. I'll be testing Amazon's return policy with this vendor as there is zero reason to keep them.
The pair I received must have been defective. I could get clipped in, but couldn't get out. Had a number of buddies try, and they all agreed getting out was very difficult. I set them on the lowest setting to no avail. They are not good as flats if that's what you're thinking. In a pinch, maybe, but not for prolonged riding.
Doesn't stick to the shirt. Ruined my shirt.
It had a whole or something, so it didn't even work. Very mad! So is my son!
I ordered the cobalt purple just as in picture I purchased it. What I received was a definately blue no purple in it.
I ONLY RECEIVED ONE MEASLY PACK I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!
I've had the album for 2 months. Put it on the turntable today and noticed it is warped. It came that way. My vinyl is stored vertical away from windows, heat etc. Shame on me for not seeing it right out of the package but I wasn't looking for warping, I was listening for pops and skips. Buyer beware!
I never received it.
So after MAYBE 20 Miles the bearings went out. Unfortunately a total waste of money. Now it's the most annoying sound every pedal
Received an empty mailer. Nothing was in it!!!!
Horrible. Bought 3 for family. Look cool but the lense made direct contact with nose bridge for all 3 of us!!! Would not recommend.
It leaves bubbles everywhere and makes the phone not work properly
Item ordered was not the item I received. Not even close to the correct item listed. Customer service was great and prompt to resolve issue, however I will be hesitant to order in the future.
Kept directing me to sights no longer available.
Basically it's a waste of time. When I finished the first game it got stuck so I closed the game and reentered. It gave me the same puzzle. Boring!!!
Can't get a homemade DVD to play. Aspect ratio choices are limited; picture is not crisp. As others have noted, you can't plug anything like an amplifier or a Roku into it if you're running it on 12V. Tried to contact support and never got an answer.
Had the wrong dvd inside the case
Cute but a button fell off the first time I wore it (and I didn't even have it buttoned)
They didn't tell me that a Region 2 wouldn't play in this country. If they ship it here, it should play here.
If this battery is 3000mAh somebody must be using standards from an alternate universe. My reg. battery outlasted this one by far. Where it took 1 battery to trim all my hedges it now take both of these.
These are not waterproof. I would never use kayaking, at the beach, hiking in rain, etc. or where you need real protection. This page says "waterproof", then when you get the item it's written on it "not waterproof".
Broke within the first day I dont recommended unless you're a small child
We haven't been able to get it to work since the moment we unboxed it. We tried different batteries, closing it in a dark closet, it wouldn't cut on. My mother in law finally found the box that it came in but now The return window has closed. I will also add that the product is misleading. It says that it's waterproof but when reading the instructions, it says not to let water get to it. What's the point in an outdoor light that can't withstand the weather? Im now stuck with a product that doesn't work and $20 down the toilet
Does not hold air. Buy a different brand. Dont waste your money
Bad quality! There's only 2 prongs on one side so the fabric doesn't hold.
It was really wonderful. Our kids loved it. But then it completely stopped working and won't charge.
Absolute garbage. The OEM DeWalt battery will take a full charge and hold it (unused) for a month or so. With steady lightweight use it lasts about 30-40 minutes. This aftermarket battery takes a full charge and dies within 5-7 days (unused). Under use, this after market battery dies within 5-8 minutes of use. It's also very difficult to disconnect from the drill because the molded plastic is deformed. Do not buy. It's junk. Pay $50 and get a real one.
Not bootable for a fresh install. Must only be designed for repair or upgrade or defective because I was getting message that it wasn't bootable.
the seal is now warped and I do not know how to get a new one
Battery insertion is awkward. I couldn't even get them open TO put batteries in. And if there's an on/off switch, I couldn't see it! Worst waste of $ I ever spent.
Found out this so called spiritually enlightened company is run by dark people with dark agendas. I unsubscribed and am keeping my distance from them.
My freezer arrived damaged in several places. When I asked to return for a full refund, the refund was processed and I was told to dispose of the freezer. Hard to say if it would have functioned well.
Ran through 2 of these before asking for money back. Needs stronger stitching. The design is good just isn't stitched well.
It's not 6 1/2” wife as advertised. It didn't come with bottom half of the pole. It's flimsy. I didn't expect it to be the best umbrella but i am not happy that it's not what it says it is and is missing parts.
The switch to turn off the tool broke after 1st use. We had to unplug the tool to get it to turn off. It's also SUPER loud.
Tried to inflate as soon as it arrived, after about 4 deep breaths I am blowing air in as fast as it's coming out the other corner.
Didn't work even with battery replacement. One star for timely delivery.
Never received the cd that was supposed to be with the dvd
I think I would have really liked this product es I used once with great results next time I went to use it nothing came out. There was plenty left it's like the sprayer quit working very disappointed to pay for this product and only get one use.
2 holes in 2x8 lumber and it fell apart....spring came off and drill fell out. In the landfill now.
Would not let me download, had a hard time to get the mouse to work. when it did work it only lasted for a minute. Over all I did not like Android 8.1.
The product is very sticky and doesn't spread on the the skin , it accumulates on the skin
It seems does not have enough films to watch for its price!!!
I purchased this bike cover for 2 bikes, primarily based on low cost and good features. It looked great right out of the box, and offered good lightweight protection, initially. However, the nylon is VERY light and began to rip within 3 months outside in the weather. The photos below show the bike cover after about 10 months. This would be a good cover for temporary use while traveling or for bikes parked in a covered porch, garage, or storage shed, OUT OF THE SUN AND WEATHER. Not a good choice for outdoors in the weather in my opinion.
This product is over rated on YouTube videos not worth the money really bad product
claims to be intuitive, constantly asks for your location and then doesn't understand
Hello, I didn't get this package yet.what should I do?
I did not purchase this
More difficult to operate than need be.
The tent floor would not properly lay out flat & pulled in a lot of areas, but was then about a foot of extra fabric in the area next to it. In addition, the tent came with mold on it. the floor leaked even with a note and under tarp. I was very dissatisfied with this tent.
I use Body Glide all the time and love it. This was the first time buying on Amazon. It came wrapped in cellophane and not in the original plastic packaging like when I buy in the running store. It stunk like mold - not exactly mold, but something very foul that I cannot explain. I wish I had taken a picture of the packaging before throwing away, but I did not notice the smell until I used it. The outside of the applicators was also slimy. I can tell that the product was not used, because the top of the white stick was still a sharp molded shape and pristine. I hesitated to write this review because I am not sure it is a product problem, or a problem with whoever sold it via Amazon. Regardless, it is serious issue because this product is applied to the skin. Body Glide - if you are seeing this, you should be aware. Amazon, if the dealer who sold this is not Body Glide, you should be aware.
Only had a month. Already developed a bubble.
doesn't work never dried
was used by my 105 lb. daughter 3 times and the stitched seam along one side ripped out (it looks like it was sewn too close to the edge of the material). Seemed like a decent cot, but wouldn't even stand up to my slender daughter using it. Of course it ripped out a month ago, but my daughter didn't tell me until today, 13 days after the return window closed!
On the first day of my climb up Mount Kilimanjaro one of the poles shock cord broke. At camp that night, I found a small rope a hurried rigged the pole. On day six of my climb the other poles cord broke, leaving me in a difficult unsafe position to finish my climb. This is an inferior product and should not be considered for purchase.
Was stoked about the price on these, but when they turned up, they were a completed different grip pattern. I immediately returned and Amazon refunded my money, but I needed these in time for a race, so didn't dare order again for fear they would send the wrong grips again--ended up spending more a pair of Race Face with the same grip pattern as pictured.
This bike pump does not work in any fashion and have return it in less than 45 days and no option to return. Very disappointing.
The box was not closed securely or taped so it could not open, so when the package arrived, nails were out of the box and most were broken into smaller pieces. Very poor planning on the Spot Nails and Amazon. Lesson Learned will not order items like this in the future online.
I gave this as a gift and was told today that this never worked and Also destroyed to VCR tapes while she was trying to make it work.
I just purchased a 2 pack of the straw lid for hydro flask wide mouths. These are terrible. I can barely pull any fluid through the straw. Both lids in the two pack have this issue. There are massive air leaks in the flip top so you can't draw fluid up the straw. You get nothing but air. I would like to return these. Absolute terrible product.
Did not work on my fire
I've bought lobe wonder before, this packaging seems different (comes in a pack) The strips are different (texture) and does not stay on skin. I cant return them, now I'm stuck with this that does not work!!!! 😠
This can has the worst sprayer I've ever used. Pressing the top gets more on your hands than on your skin. Still got mosquito bites after applying it.
This hand warmer does not hold a charge more than a few hours, and then stays warm for a much shorter time than advertised. Very Disappointed. Would like to return it if it isn't too late.
Died after about 10 hours of use.
Love DSC but I installed the app 3 times and it will not open. I'll stick to my laptop i guess? If the links get sorted out I'll revisit
If you are casting static screen shots, it works OK. If are trying to cast a video....absolutely worthless. The amount of ads interrupting the flow is further infuriating
Overpriced for inaccurate measurements 70% of the time.
Fantastic album, decent quality, I love Prof, but the seller sold me two A&B albums, I'm missing the C&D record, with half of the music.... ummm can I get a refund?
Very week material !!! Like working with a wet stick . If you purchase this product,,do not plan on using them ! Give them as a gift to someone you hate ..
Did not work. Was a b product reject. Probably fished from a guy who works at the plant. From the reject pile. Do not buy.
no idea that it would kick me out.
Knobs are not share, so your feet slip
It was a fake. It came bent with one of the eye shadow pans lifted. The box came damaged and a couple of the shadows were slightly cracked.
Bought it 9 mos ago, and it's gotten very light duty. Last weekend it just stopped working. No warning. Just done.
I ran 11 pine 3/4 boards through the planer after installing a brand new set of Powertec blades only to find deep grooves in the blades which resulted in very high ridges on the boards. I should have read the reviews prior to ordering.
I thought this was for sensitive skin and this completely burned my eyes and surrounding skin. I have Rosacea and this definitely is not for sensitive skin.
The App installed ok, but wouldn't load.
I did not order this game or any other games even though it's free please remove from my account all games I did not order any of this did not order the You Tube I just hit YouTube on my phone and the next thing I know I was ordering and I didn't order any of that I have you You Tube thank you
It's just cheaply ironed on. Hat is soft and comfortable.
this not a good game!! the controls work poorly on this game. you very little control of the bowling ball. pass on this game.
Long time AM fan, but this is one of the most un-enjoyable albums I've heard in a long time. I'm not going to waste my time talking about this album except I wish I could get a refund. I'm going back to my The Sensational Alex Harvey Band albums!
It didn't work at all. I disconnected it and checked it with a volt meter. No voltage difference whatsoever from low to high. Basically works like an on/off switch. Pretty dissapointed.
Loved the case until I noticed, just after the return window, that 3 of the plastic corners of the case were broken. I am the only one at home who handled it.
These glasses cracked right after my husband starting wearing them. Not durable at all.
Extremely small. Not at all the size it says... and after one wash it shrunk even more.
This app won't play a whole episode and doesn't save your place when it kicks you out mid show.
Arrived in a box that was in bad shape and when I opened it the lid to the cream was cracked all around the circumference so it won't close properly
Stanley used to make good products. I purchased this 45 days ago. not something I use every day. Spring broke the third time I used it. Very displeased.
The game play is so slow. I just passed level 1 and ads already came up.
This doesn't get a close shave at all. I'm really sorry I wast d my money and bought it. I will be returning it for sure.
This has to be counterfeit OPI Have used the brand for years and this is NOT it. The bottles look real but the product is not. Gloopy, streaky....bad...don't waste your money.
I cannot review this box set because the geniuses at Amazon shipped the box set naked, as in no box. Clear packing tape was used to keep the contents from falling out and the shipping label was stuck to the front. If you are interested in seeing Amazon's giant fail, look at the photos. I will change my review when I actually get to open it.
Unable to view the 1st disk due to disk problem. I am glad to have the opportunity to let you know of our disappointment.
Hit a rock 4 times with minimal force let's say the rock is fine but this hammers tip is rounded over and the metal flew everywhere.
I liked the idea of it and look until I continued to unpack it and found much of the plastic hooks for inserting into the pegboard were broken off, most disappointing were the broken ones on the bins so they can't be hung (the bins being the reason I ordered this one). They're definitely not high quality.
This was a huge disappointment! I ordered it for my daughter to take when she moved to NYC. We knew it would be a little while before she could get a real bed and wanted her to be able to use this in the meantime. It did not fully inflate nor did it hold air!
Not so great in my opinion.
This is how product arrive ! Opened horrible packing to ensure product delivery! No refund and now I know why!.. I'm ✅ only 1 star due to distribution
This product is a fraud. The sunglasses are not polarized lenses. They are just plain colored plastic. Trust me, I am an optical engineer. They are junk.
Overheated and began to melt while installing a door handle. Only used it twice.
Feels awkward in the hand, scrapes the hand as it goes in the pocket. Not very strong pliers either.
This canopy it is only a plastic sheet, what a suprise it when I opened the box and I found only the plastic, I wish return and get my money back
too flimsy for serious work, cuffs fall around your wrists unless your forearms look like Popeye's. low snag and cut resistance. if they called them light duty it would be more truthful
Butane is fine but this is their idea of a free "torch lighter", it's basically a 10 cent crack lighter. Not worth it. You can get the same fluid for cheaper without the "free" "torch" lighter.
Unacceptable! This is the padded envelope my salt arrived inside the jar is literally shattered. Worse part of it all I can not find anything on how to contact the company and it says it is unreturnable. Furious!! Doesn't deserve any stars but it wouldn't let me submit with out any selected!
Did not fit the exercise bike I block from you
Purchased via Amazon Warehouse. Sold as "Like New". Covered in dust, crammed into box. Wouldn't even turn on! Ugh! Sigh, once again learned a lesson about the potential pitfalls of trying to save a buck (Penny wise-Pound foolish).
Unfortunately It stopped working after the third use. The heating element continued to work but the fan made a funny noise and stopped working. Unit started smoking. Perhaps I am unlucky? I Missed the return date for amazon as well.
Did not like at all. Very dissapointed with product.
It would not grip the filter at all. It was useless to me.
My husband and I watched one episode and turned it off in the middle of the second episode. We agreed we should throw away the DVD. If you loved the tv show Corner Gas and are looking for other shows with the same actors, DON'T buy this DVD. The story lines are filthy and the acting is terrible; save your money and save your time!!!!!
Why doesn't it have a top !!!! Will return what's the purpose with out a top ????
This product doesn't work and I can't send it back. it would be nice to at least get a replacement.
When I got the lighter the flame was really small. I turned it up and it barely grew. So I turned it all the way and it came out only a bit more. I'd have trouble lighting my pipe. And it would constantly go out. I will never buy there again.
I've tried looking at the weather channel but nothing ever comes up. It's useless.
Delivery is totally problematic, may come...may not! Mine has not been delivered and is days overdue.
I can't do an honest review on this item because I was sent the regular Sierra saw I already have instead of the pocket saw listed
very cheap. get what you pay for.
I don't know what I did to get this protection plan. I must have hit the wrong button when ordering. I would never buy this except by mistake. I've had bad luck with these gimmicky protection thingies and avoid them like the plague. I don't even know what product it covers. My bad.
All it is setting up a call when you forget about it... And then it distracts you AND IT IS SUPER BAD 👎!!!!
Battery lasted about 5 weeks.
I was sent a shower rod instead of a picnic umbrella
I'm not sure this product is the real thing :/ I wore it out this weekend (with a hat!) and when I woke up Monday morning, my skin was covered in dark spots and was really tender like it was burned. I never experienced anything like this when I bought it from my dermatologist.
The sizing is completely off on this product. It's TINY. Not only that, but the padding is completely insufficient for actually supporting floating. We have a name brand version of this style and you can tell instantly the difference in quality and safety. We tried it in the water and after that I wouldn't trust this on my kids in a wading pool much less anything deep.
Daughter (a very bright 11 y/o) could not get it up in the air and one of the support rods snapped on the 3rd attempt to get it up. Piece of junk!
None of the web cams were in service in North America.
Uncomfortable and difficult to breath through
I bought 3, one of them broke after 1 usage
the box stop work last week, remote control sucks. Now i cant return and have no support. what kind of warranty is this, 3 months? I was think to take to desert and put a bullet through it. but I am just going to waste my ammo.
Went through and put in a bunch of codes from movies purchased over the last year, said movies should be available in 24 hours and only 2 have shown up this was months ago.
Battery faulty when received. Battery would not accept charge after multiple attempts. Had to return to Amazon.
Thieves got through the locking mechanism as they couldn't get through the lock and my bike was stolen. Never purchasing a combination Ulock again.
I didn't mean to order this PLEASE DELETE
This was a total waste of money. Nice concept but bad delivery. Did not work and was not true to it's promise. Would never recommend this to anyone.
We didn't like them at all. It didn't cool my husband down at all. It just dried up with in 10 mins after having it on. And yes we followed the directions. Unfortunately there is a no refund for it and I bought 3.
Arrived severely damaged Returning immediately.
This worked for maybe a week and now it's barely functional. I bought it as a gift for my husband who works nightshift outside, very let down I wasted the money on this. I got better value out of the 2 pack I bought for $9.99 at Walmart.
Package was left in a location not able to be seen until you are actually IN the yard. ALL packages are to be left at the top of the drive way at the GATE.
This did not open at all on my fire stick.. I tried several times. So I deleted it.
Despite scrubbing my transmission to an ultra-clean silver before applying this product, it turns into a black, greasy mess as soon as pedaling starts. Going back to White Lightning.
UPDATE: Our unit failed (won't power on, no lights, no sound) after just a few weeks of use. It was working fine this morning, but now will not power on at all. Before that, this was a four-star product, working great for what it is with a few design issues which would have made it a much better unit. Now it is zero stars, and I can't say I'd take the chance on it (or Vizio as a brand) ever again. Yes, I unplugged everything, and plugged it into a new outlet (which I know works because that outlet was powering my Apple TV before and after troubleshooting with no issues). Yes, I tried the original remote AND the buttons on the top. There is not even the little white LED light that comes on on the left of the sound bar when it turns on. This unit is dead. Apparently the handful of reviews on this which say it will suddenly fail are correct. I'm now looking to see if Amazon will help me get this lemon off my hands and get a more reliable unit or if I need to deal with Vizio.
This one has a very poor quality valve and went flat on me the first use. I would avoid it all together..Sent t back
After 2 months , now sounds like a trashing machine and cannot use it
This game sucks it didint even work win I played it. It is so not fun
The front is curved so depth perception was distorted.
You must have music in your library. But I don't so if you have music downloaded get it but if you don't it's soooo not worth it
The quality appears to be good but I am giving t o e star as it would not stay folded. When I first received the cover I thought it just needed a little time in the folded position and it would be fine. I used a chip to hold it in the correct position to stand the fire for about 36 hours. This did not work so I ordered a different cover, same problem so now I have returned two covers this style by two companies and now have a different style that works.
The product did not come in tamper-proof packaging. Returning.
Package came with damage and once opened the hood range was all dented up also..
Do NOT BUY ! This is the small 9 oz box that you can get in the grocery store for 5 dollars. Amazon you are so wrong for doubling the price of this item.
I set up the battery to the echo dot and when it was charged, it worked the first day but the next day no matter what I tried I could not get it to qork,
Open item, but the unit was cracked in two places. That is damaged goods not open item. I will return it.
Every time casted the reel there is backlash
I've bought 2 in the last 2 weeks because of a 3 feet drop and the plastic breaking. I liked the compartmentalization but I will not be buying anymore of these due to the cheap make. The plastic is cheap and your better off spending a few more bucks knowing if you drop your cup it won't break. For future buyers the company should invest a little more in a better plastic so if they do happen to slip and fall from 3 feet they won't break on the first drop. Thanks
Did not taste good, very very dry. I almost never throw food away but these, I did.
Thw Maglite's switch broke just a few days after I started using it. Considering the numbers of reviewers on Amazon who have experienced the same problem, Maglite needs to either improve its quality control procedures, or design a better switch. This is just too much money to spend on a flashlight that doesn't work!
very disappointed in the Amazon Fire TV box the box came with the wrong power cord
Knobs started melting less than six months after purchase. Contacted seller they replied to contact ge which might take forever to hear from . Not what I expected by ordering through amazon. Very disappointed
unit began blinking on its own until batteries ran down. was no way to stop it. would not recommend you buy this.
Poor quality picture. Really disappointed in the quality of this. What looks like compression artifacts are all over the place.
Before I ordered this product I want to make sure they have that on stock!! Of course they say yes so I have the prime I ordered I thought will be 2 days delivery!!! After I ordered End up being in five days!! So anyway the UPS tracking number tells me will be delivered today by 8 o'clock So I stay home all day waiting after I came from work 6 PM tonight to 9 p.m. so out of the blue the tracking numbers change will be delivered tomorrow just let you guys know there be careful 👎👎👎👎👎
Just received two of these compasses. One of them is broken (the needle is stuck and won't move no matter which direction you point it). It's completely useless. The other seems to be ok, but Amazon is refusing to take back the broken compass they sent me. If I had bought this at a brick and mortar store, I would have been able to see that it was broken before I bought it. Not pleased with the compass or Amazon. Do yourself a favor and spend a little more to get a good compass.
Lost the product on the first day of wearing it :( On my 2mm engagement ring I dont even need the other sizes, but obviously they wouldn't work even if I did :/
They look and feel very cheap & the sound quality is TERRIBLE!!!!!!
Only lasted 6 months. No way to contact the company for a replacement. Amazon will not replace it. What a shame.
The size is a lie. The size states that the software is a 120 MB download but it's about 240 MB. If your connection is slow I hope you have all day to download the software with many stops and restarts. After you get the software it needs a 220 MB update since it's completely out of date in April 2019. I hope you have all day again to download the update. We'll see how it works when the update finishes downloading.
I tossed it. A clear French's Mustard squeeze bottle works better. Cheaper too.
Look exactly like the pic(purple, green, and pink). I was very happy with my purchase until it broke a week later. I carried it on my crossbody purse, looked great, but one day I looked down and the macaroons were missing. The bow had came a loose as well. Too bad, it was a nice accessory.
No I am very unhappy. It won't play in any of my devices.
The shirt is fine but the delivery came a week late. Would not recommend.
Not sure what this is, but I cannot use this gift card to purchase from whole foods online...
Save your money buy the $5 chapstick or lip balm from your Pharmacy this is nothing out of the ordinary
This Yeti mug was shipped without the use of any protective packaging, and when it finally arrived to my address, the mug had several dents and was damaged. The box used was too large for the product, so the mug bounced around during shipment and received several dents. I can't understand why bubble wrap, packing paper, etc. wasn't used to protect the product. Hopefully the replacement with be shipped with more thought.
Never received this purchase after 3 months it's still on its way I would give 0 stars if it was an option
This product shipped and arrived on time but it was not the correct repair kit for our dryer even though the description said it would fit our model #.
None of them played. They where blank!!!
I would give no stars if I could! Cool design! Terrible product! Put in brand new batteries and neither light worked. Cheap!
HUGE!!! These things go up to my waist. NOT cute or comfortable!
I was using these to remove grout and the metal connection at the tool broke on one side. I assumed it was an fluke or an error on my part so I adjusted the blade attachment to the tool to connect to the unbroken part of the blade. While doing so, I noticed that the abrasive was failing but there was enough left to keep going. This time it broke within 20 seconds. I was going slowly to avoid putting stress on the blade, letting the tool do the work and not forcing it. Here is the second blade that failed by breaking at the connection. The first I threw away assuming it was my error. But when it happened again, I realized that I had wasted my money on this product. Please don't make the same mistake.
wouldn't buy again. dull as a board
Held up fine to my slice test, but after 2 uses there are holes at the end of 2 fingers. Used 1 more time and the hole was bigger making it unsafe to use.
Every time I turn it on it reads seven inches plus (you have to reset it by taking the battery out) and the scale only goes 0-3 inches. It doesn't span across the throat plate of a table saw or a router table and it made of plastic. When I get time I'll make one with a dial indicator, I like the idea but this really misses the mark.
The hole for the echo was not round and the echo could not fit. Total disappointment. Item returned.One star only because you have to select something. If I could leave a zero that is the real rating.
No check valve. At least not on the one I got. This makes it useless as a compression checker as it does not hold the pressure reading. Gauge pressure just goes up and back down as you crank the engine. I took it apart because sometimes the Schrader valve fails but there is definitely no check valve anywhere on this thing. Waste of my time. Had to go get a $30 set from Harbor Freight. Half the cost and worked like a champ. Plus, the quick connect fitting is smaller so I was able to use it easily on my son's 1998 TDI.
I only get half the channels I did with my previous converter box. I urge anyone: DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
Love the idea, convenience and ice this machine made; for the few days it actually worked. Returned because mine kept stopping and saying to add water... When it was full of water. Just no fixing that fact. Not recommended... Even though this one was highly rated when I bought it.
Very cheaply made. Can't be used while Kindle in use.
My order never arrived and I can't find anywhere on this Amazon site to let them know!!!!!!!!
I bought this replacement battery because I lost the battery and charger for my Sea-Doo seal scooter. I received battery but no charger ! I do not like the fact that this battery does not come with a charger. So keep in mind unless you have a charger on hand, this battery is worthless. The charger is another $75 from Sea-Doo express l, they don't carry it on Amazon If you buy a battery and a charger you're in for $160. if you spend another 60 bucks and you can buy a brand new scooter that includes a battery and charger! Seller is unresponsive to my emails
When I received this. It said it expired on 2015. I threw it out. I'm not sure if the date was wrong or what but I wasn't taking a chance.
Living on a beach has its advantages. It's easy when windy. The product leaked on the first use.
I have not started to assemble yet. But out of the box I am disappointed. The rims for the bike are not the same as shown. I did not buy the other mongoose fat tire bike because of the rim design. I do not like the exposed tube look. I liked the look of a solid non-perforated rim. I was expecting the solid rim. Why only one star? Because the rims were a huge factor in my decision. And I was expecting to get the bike depicted in the photos.
So I purchased this thing in May (2018) and used it maybe 3 times since purchase. Well today I needed it and had it set for 51 inch lbs. On the 2nd bolt it 'popped' and the ratchet now spins free. Complete waste of money. "get what you pay for" is totally accurate in this case. Stay AWAY.
Cheap and it's small. Not a 40 liter pack
The side brushes are no higher than the bottom brushes, this will not clean more that a half inch of the sides, if that. It is also not eligible for return, doesn't say that anywhere on this page. $20 wasted.
Manufacturer gives you a 2.5 year warranty so this is a waste of money
Got the battery promptly and charged it for light use in my drill. I used it one time and it lasted an appropriate amount of time. After that, no matter how long I charge it, it craps out after a few seconds of use. Not only did it cost me much of what a new drill (with battery) cost, but it is of no use.
Very small photo of backpack was misleading
The DVD player did not work.
Buyer Beware: Make sure it is the TOTAL season 2 (23 episodes)... and not just 8. Very misleading listing.
Terrible- don't work- don't stay on ear. Are very brittle, not at all flexible. Do no work! Don't waste your money!!
Empty unsealed envelope is all that arrived to my daughter
TNE BATTERY DOES NOT CHARGE. IT SHOULD NOT BE SOLD BY ANYBODY. DO NOT BUY THIS BATTERY.
Another bought by accident but a child who said it was boring and deleted it. Good news is they will refund.
Caused some kind of error when I needed to use it so did not go off but went off the next day when I didn't want it to.
I didn't really like it
so far the bits I have tried were pretty solid sturdy Little Things but the tool itself I'm very disappointed with. the bent that you can see in the pictures happens the second time I used it when it barely tapped the edge of a finish nail and it through the heavy duty grinding wheel off and it just about went through my safety glasses. Also the first time I use it immediately it was almost impossible to tighten the part down that holds the collet in. also the flex hose I'm assuming must have been very poorly made because it basically fell apart the first time I used it. I'm very disappointed and I wish that I had waited and saved the money to buy a wen rotary tool or Dremel because I feel very ripped off. Will not be buying this product again ever.
screen protector will not protect screen on impact the stand is v flimsy, broke off after 2 months, v cheap
The bits types listed in the description and the picture are not accurate for what came in the packet. I needed a t20 which was listed, and is missing along with other listed types. Disappointed picture attached shows what really came.
Stopped working the second time I used it. Can't return it as I bought it a while ago.
Bought on September 8, 2017. First time using it when I went to drain it the whole drain assembly came out. After it drained and dryed out I put it back together with some silicone sealant and then put a screw on the outside where one should have been but was not. After that I filled up up with water to see if it would leak and seemed to solve that problem. When I went to drain it if didn't open the lid to see if it is sealed good. Found out that the lid or rubber seal is warped. After that I just figured that that was the way it's made. Around the middle of Nov 2017 I had it in the back of my truck and damaged the lid with my 5th wheel hitch. Called and tried to get a replacement but they don't sell replacement lids. So now stuck with a $250.00 cooler that I can't use.
Do not choose this. It doesn't seems to be well worth the money I spent on it. I hated this product. Just OK. Not high quality. Not very attractive.
I ordered this product twice. The first time it was missing two sets of items, and the second time it was missing the screwdrivers. I returned it again and bought one from another dealer. Order at your own risk.
When I received it, I wanted to throw it into the trash. The quality is too bad.
The price was great, and they kept my hands dry and warm in Patagonia.
I wanted to give these the benefit of the doubt before submitting a review. But, I realize it says to use them for at least 2 weeks and then they should start working. well, I've had them plugged in since I received them December 5th. All 6 of them. Just like the instructions say. It's winter also so I wouldn't expect to see many bugs. But I've seen a few ants, a few spiders, a couple of gnats. I don't guess these are going to work. I can only imagine what spring will be like. I should have known better...
Ordered the Nixon for advanced thinning and received a completely different item.
Absolute trash! Do not waste your money! I tried two with my Dremel and the bristles just flew off within seconds and without a lot of pressure.
well I recived it today and charged it up and it quit working after about 2 minutes using it and I took batteries out put fresh set in and it quit working after about 2 minutes again then started working after about 5 minutes again so I dont know if I just got a bad one or what... well I used the light after came back on for about 10 minutes fishing and it went out again and I put 2 freshly charged batteries in and and went dead within a few minutes so I have contacted amazon and I am sending it back. update... I contacted amazon and they immediately refunded me once ups picked the light up at no extra cost to me
I ordered this product because I loved the color. I had ordered it with 3 other colors. The three other colors arrived, but this one did not arrive. Though I triple checked my package tracking and delivery and the box this came in with my other items. My order information said it was delivered. Kinda bummed
There were always some points that disappointed me. Everything is not as described. Didn't work at all. I am not happy with this software at all. Poor quality. Don't use. Simple and useless.
When I have this installed then my Amazon Prime does not work so I've had to delete it and I've tried it twice not very happy with it
Kept freezing up not happy at all
The crotch ripped after one day.
Battery only lasts like 4 hrs, magnet too weak
I really can't comment on content, because after 2 1/2 months wait I still haven't received a single issue.
The small size is different from the medium size. 1st they are not all black. The small has a gray stripe. The fit is less than optimal from other small sizes I purchased for my wife. I won't buy these again
Unacceptable just revived it and the first zipper I try to open breaks. Simply disappointed. One star because it does not let me give less.
Many critics say that this software is terrible beyond you think. I totally agree! Terrible item. Not recommend. Would give it no stars if I could !!! These are not functional. I don't like the quality of this software.
This is not a cutting tool, it is a piece of cast steel that has been chromed to look like the actual tool. I would have been happier if they had just sent me a piece of candy and a note explaining what a fool I am for ordering this instead of wasting their time making such a poor quality reproduction. Took over a month to arrive as well.
I never received this why was I charged for something I did not order NEVER RECEIVED THIS ITEM
There is absolutely no way this latch will hold 2000 pounds. Maybe because its a two pack. I would be surprised if a single latch would hold 1000 pounds.
Piece of garbage plastic cracked as soon as I snapped it in place. Sending back.
Back pack ripped very first time we put items in it. And it was just sunscreen. Asking for a return
Once I received my code and entered it on my console it said the code was already used, I was a little disappointed but no big deal I just went to buy a digital code at GameStop instead and it worked.
Ring is larger than expected very heavy
The backgrounds on this app are very basic and you can't do your own search its only by the categories they have.
I could not get these to stay put. Worthless
When we received our first vinyl set, the first album was warped and didn't play. Returned and got a new set. Second set, all discs are warped and don't play and we can't return. Very upset.
Save your money, these are junk. I just wanted a nice second set, and what I got was junk. The first time I used one of the philips head screw drivers, part of the head splintered off while I was using it, on an fairly easy screw. Not worth more than 2 or 3 dollars for the set.
Game is unfinished and broken. Poor server connections, HQ doesn't work as intended. Difficulty playing with team. 9 maps and only 2 are worth playing. Bad game. I wouldn't recommend this. Wait for next COD. But WAR mode is pretty fun.
These flashlights are ok. The problem is that one of them has already gotten a spot on the LED's that burnt out not even 1 month in. They are not 15,000 lumens I have a 1500 lumen flashlight from Duracell that is the same brightness, maybe a little brighter!
Very bad quality. Tip fell off while shaking to activate. The one that did work were very pale.
Terrible shipping packaging. Leaked all over. For $24 I'm so disappointed to have a bunch of product lost in shipping. This was bought as a gift and I'm embarrassed to give a bottle that looks half used! Not sure on product use as it's for someone else
wrong item. company refused for me to return item and refused to credit me.
I have bought 2 and they both just stopped working... razor hard to deal with. And I bought protection plan and when I called them they said to call razor???? Now I'm calling again!
This was a mistake couldn't sit through it.
3 of them have no threads for set screws
It did not work at all!
I was very excited to use this and when I received it, it was DOA and it looked used. So disappointed.
I don't have any of the providers they have on the list so I can't watch the show I want to watch
order two of these for $20 but what i got was some massive bench grinder jig for axes or something. looked it up, worth around $100, sent it back and a week later got a refund. they didnt even try to send out the right stuff.
I did not get this item. Got leather paint instead. Very disappointing
Broke 1st day of trip into the boundary waters.
This product supposedly does not contain soy, but in the fine print it says it may! Do not give to those who are deathly allergic!
Sticky Lips up on front barely attached not attached all the way
Never received a package this poorly packed in my life, no padding whatsoever and case damaged in several spots
Had one bite because I was hungry and it was easy to make and instantly regret buying it. My tongue is like numb from burning for too long. Literally dont buy it unless you enjoy your entire mouth hurting for hours.
I can't get it to stand it seems it's missing part's. and it's cheaply made the pieces come off easily
This fell apart the first time she ( my 9 yr old grandaughter) put it in the water...the glue came loose and left 2 sharp edges;my husband had to use an industrial glue to try and fix it long enough for her to use it at the beach. Thats what she wanted for her birthday and its a real piece of crap. Very unhappy and my grandaughter is extremely disappointed with it.The flower design is actually rubbed off in one spot AFTER ONE USE IN A POOL!!
CRAP!!! Thought it would be like crunchy roll. Deleted already!!!
You can't drive with this kind of noise. It's like a helicopter lands on the roof. This is the worst possible purchase
Barely used. Charger broke
Picture quality is horrible
Not durable enough for regular use. Got it to check IDs and the switch was shot after a few days. Fine for use on a single project maybe.
I did not like this at all. runny and oily
I thought I was getting a disk. a complete waste of money!
I received my Mavic Pro Drone today. I notice that box has been opened before due to the tape on the white box to the black box was not attached and dirty! Is this a used drone or refurbished that was advertised as new? Doing an inventory of parts that I received. I'm missing the following items: 1 each 16 GB card, 1 each Micro SD card holder, 1 each SD card to USB adapter, 1 each black gimbal guard, 1 set of Landing gear extensions. Further inventory of parts missing I could NOT find the USB Mini adapter to charge the controller. Can you please send me the parts that are missing or I can send the package back for full refund. Please let me know.
Did not work at all I will say customer service is taking care of me
I bought this battery October of 2017 and it lasted until December 2018. Was advertised to last a minimum of 3 years. It should have lasted more than 14 months. Not sure why this happened, Might be an isolated event, but I don't feel confident enough to buy it again.
Arrived Broken. Poorly wrapped product given its weight and size. Arrived broken. Then I had to go through the hassle of returning the product. Amazon wasnt able to get me a new one today, so what is the point. Today was Halloween. It did look nice. I may decide to buy another one, but I have a year...
This item is poorly constructed I bought 2 of them and neither one held air, both deflated within an hour of my 10 year old on one and 9 year old on the other.
This is not a review for this Album. The Album is great and an all-time Classic. However when I ordered this on vinyl, side 1 is Marvin Gaye and Side 2 is a completely different artist!!! It's like someone copied over side 2 with some other music. Very strange and disappointing. Will be contacting the seller.
so lose one of the handles fell off and one of the screw heads came out they are china junk all the way
Batteries were dead when received.
I am very dissapointed with these goggles. My daughter used them for skiing and within one use there was moisture built up between the two lenses making it impossible to see. I am going to have to return them.
Don't get receive the cover for the bottle!
Was sent in the same box as canned goods. Arrived literally smashed to bits with the bag busted. So much for useing prime pantry. Same happed to all other bags and boxes in this order.
Got a hole pretty quick. :-/
I'm trying to find a money clip wallet that holds about 12 cards. This one says it does but when you put all the cards in its difficult to remove them as the pressure keeps them all in place.
This is not the version that uses batteries, it has an internal battery that is not accessible unless you break the remote open. I don't know if they sent me an old unit or what, but two months after use, it stopped holding a charge. What a piece of junk and wasted money.
I ordered this and had it emailed to my girlfriend and the code was non redeemable waste of time and money... :-(
Very sad with this purchase the Zipper for both door openings broke within the first use.
This water bottle started leaking after only a handful uses. I would not buy it again.
Originally I canceled this order but Amazon sent it anyways. I tried to send this thing back but Amazon ended up telling me to keep it. Anyways, since I was stuck with this thing, I ended up trying it only to find out how bad it actually is. The thing won't focus properly and when it finally does, its just enough that it hurts my eyes.
Put this on your table and invite diabetes in
They don't last long. They don't hold well. One fell out my ear in less than 48 hours so I threw the other away. Don't waste your money. So annoyed
I went through all 4 bits in a day. The full very easily even if you keep them wet. I expected better.
It never worked. Even left it in the window for the sun to charge it for over a week.
This product is absolute garbage. Leaked. Never worked. Worst thing I have ever purchased through Amazon.
Too perfumey, can't stand to open the cabinet I keep them in because the smell comes out. I will not buy them again.
order wrong one's, shipped back to amazon, although i only placed 1 order, i was charge twice for shipping, which didn't make sense for return item
It worked great the one day I got to use it, or rather was working great. The legs collapsed and broke the first time I used it -while at my daughters ball game. I would never purchase another one - it's a piece of garbage.
I don't know why the other reviewers aren't all saying that this cd is woefully UNDER-remastered !. During play, the sound is just as "soft" as the original 1989 version which I also own. I only bought this remaster so I could mix it with other songs by other artists into a mix cd but it's still just too soft and under-produced.
Installed but the axle bent in 2 minutes of use. not to buyers, do not buy bicycle components cheaply, buy quality.
Sorry I just didn't pick these up in local store.. way to expensive for S& H... (more than the product itself) I tried to cancel but obviously too late
This was a lot of money for a little music. Disappointed
The Tube had a 45 degree bend in it. It wasn't the kit I ordered either.
The catalyst does not last even close to 70 uses. I bought the hand warmer for my wife, used it maybe 8-10 times and the original catalyst stopped lighting. Figured maybe I got a bad one. Nope, bought a replacement and it lasted the same. Worthless. I just order another from a Japanese competitor.
They have delivered me a broken guitar.
Owned for less than three months. There is some kind of defect in the interior. I discovered this when the right inner wall of the microwave started sparking and then caught fire. I'm calling GE customer service on Monday for a refund. It's a nice-looking microwave and worked well for the few months I owned it. I'm no expert, but microwaves generally shouldn't catch fire. Luckily I was close by and could put it out right away.
Drill works nicely but battery recently ran out and i realized i never got the charger!
Pump doesn't work. Charged for 1 day still not work.
Do not buy this . It is false advertisement , the picture on here is not what you will get . Instead you will get a green bottle that is not by Paul Mitchell .
I bought this because dog hair is a problem on our clothes, etc. NOT ONE dog hair was collected in this. Not from washing machine or dryer. A TOTAL waste if money!
My new fire hd10 will not except the discover app. Very disappointed. It was able to load on the 7 in. Kindel but not the new 10 in.
Order NEVER arrived but says « delivered » I contacted the seller...STILL haven't heard back. Do NOT order unless you want to throw your money away. Extremely disappointed 😔
First time use. The Bits are terrible they are not hardened. Poor quality.
Worst ever fell off as soon as it get water wish I had thought it out and i wouldn't have got them .
Worked great the first time I used it. After that it only stays darken for three or four seconds then goes to a bright white and burns your eyes. Changed the settings and the same thing. Changed the battery, did not help
Never worked. I didn't test it until I was ready to use it which was past the returnable time period by 2 months. I followed instruction manual by replacing fuse with extra fuse furnished, it didn't help. I wasted my money. I don't dare try to replace it with another one of the same. 😡
Broke out in a very itchy rash all over my legs! It doesn't smell like normal self tanners as you apply it but after a couple of hours it definitely does!! A majority of the color comes off when you shower. Yes I waited the 8 hours. Its just not as described. I looked orange too. So sad about the rash more than anything. My legs are still a mess more than a week later. The only good thing I can say is it is true that it doesnt look streaky.
Ordered item as a Christmas gift on Dec 8th, by Feb 27th item was still not delivered, not even sure if it has been shipped. Canceled the order.
Very disappointed! Not readable on US/Canadian dvds. Costs too much in shipping to return.
I love this series and I have purchased everything including this 3rd season. I have not watched it because it has SUBTITLES and I do not know how to turn it off and that is why I am hesitant to buy season 4
my father order this by mistake i would like to have our money back.
The light does not work, no way to change the battery. Came in small yellow bag. No box or instruction. Suspect it was someone else's return.
I opened the box and it was missing the allen screw to tighten the stop collar on the drill bit. I don't want to return the entire thing just need that screw. If someone from the company wants to send me that screw I'll take this review down. Thanks.
Not much to see. Nowhere near as good as the Beach TV choice on Roku.
Ordered several times and received frozen put with dry ice.
Plastic is brittle and it broke the first time I used it.
I did a lot of shopping around and decided on this light because it was the cheapest of the ones with the features I wanted. Not till it arrived with no battery did I find in listing that battery was not included. Perhaps that's my fault because I didn't read thoroughly, but I am still pissed because now I have the light I wanted but still can't use it till I spend more money
I did not order this purchase OR authorize the purchase. I was an inadvertent purchase by grandson on fire stick. Thankfully refunded by amazon!!! parental locks engaged.
didn't work for my Smart TV and PHONE
The pad #50 and #100 were worn in less than 4 min
I'll NEVER buy this cheap product again. The belts come apart long before they wear out. A complete waste of money
I like the idea of Sims but I don't like the setup of the game. I guess I just don't understand how the game works. It might be better on a desktop instead of a tablet, for me anyways.
Never see such a trash as this. Do you know it is also see-through!!!! How will someone wear this to Alaska? Even just snowboarding. Never trust this again.
THE INSTILLATION DISK DIDN'T WORK...TRIED IT ON OUR DESK TOP AND HAD A FRIEND TRY IT ON HIS DESK TOP...NO WAY....DISAPPOINTED.....FOR SURE....
Worked great for 3 hours of use. Then the motor died. Would never buy again!!
BEWARE !!! This is not the original product. My daughter uses the correct product and gets it from a medical spa. I ordered this thinking it was the same product. After trying to use this product and having reactions (I took a break and tried using it several times), I told my daughter she could have this product. She brought it home and checked the ingredients with the container she purchased from a medical spa. NONE of the ingredients were the same. She threw this product in the trash.
I originally bought this in 2016 to tighten a new yoke nut on my motorcycle. It worked fine; I heard the click at the appropriate setting. Not sure how accurate it was but assumed it was good to go based on all the high reviews. Today for the second time in two years, I needed a torque wrench. I've had my Tekton stored in a closet in its protective case and at the lowest torque setting as per the manufacturer's instructions. I needed 10 ft lb torque (the lowest setting on my wrench) to torque two swing arm spools. On the first, it came very close to stripping the bolt, and I never heard a click but decided to stop before it got completely stripped. I blamed myself and assumed I had my allen bit at an angle. On the second spool I slowly twisted the wrench and again, no click. What I did eventually hear was the bolt being sheared in half. I was able to twist the broken half out of the swing arm, but there's some damage to the black paint of the swing arm on a 2018 Yamaha R6. I'm going to try to get the company that makes the spools to send two more bolts, in the event it was their hardware, but I have ordered a different brand of torque wrench to try. I have a feeling it's the wrench that caused the issue, as many of the 1 star reviews mention sheared bolts and the wrench not clicking or working for very long. And that makes sense. It's $35-40 and made in Asia. If you want a quality mechanics torque wrench you probably have to man up and pay at least $150 for a CDI or $500 for a Snap On. I bought this cause I'm not a full time mechanic, but I'd rather not have a torque wrench than have one I can't trust to not destroy my vehicles.
Too much ads I loved it at first but then I am like no way DO NOT GET
Fell apart after one use
The irony was that it leaked inside my dry bag and damaged the things inside. Had to throw some of the damaged things away. Concept 5/5, execution 0/5. Item too cheap to go through the hassle of returning / asking for a refund. Warning others to buy at their own risk is just dumb, so DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK.
Item never arrived. :(
Worse than unusable, total waste of time
Item was never received and money was never returned!
Save your knees, spend a few extra bucks on genuine Shimano. Yes, these do work and look similar, but they became increasingly difficult to clip out of. I had to remove them or schedule a future knee surgery. Sorry, but not worth the savings.
Had replaced with 2 batteries for my blower. They are not up to standard performance. They don't hold the charge very long. will never purchase them again.'
not at all what I expected.
Size of the product is not correct, I ordered M size as I use to wear M size polo tshirt of almost all brands like CK, Tommy etc but this product is not in good shape & size
They are not good quality socks. They are much smaller than they say, they fall down and get real tight around the ankles. Go with Hanes or FOTL. I've bought other Amazon Essentials items and have been impressed. These miss the mark.
Not worth the money. Missing light and metal edges were distorted and bent. Hardware was also missing. Update, Glove seam split open second time using it. This is junk!!!!!
Couldn't stand the repetitive crashes. :( It played like an alpha on my Kindle.
item would not work properly
Would rate 0 stars but I can't. Ordered this for someone's birthday and they sent a book instead.
I ordered Tide but I was sent downy ultra! And I'm not allowed to return it!!!!!😠
First one bars were not straight. Exchanged for second one that worked for about 30 minutes, battery died and wont recharge.
The center hole is twice the size as my original, even though its supposedly designed for my exact fan model & size. I tried to contact the seller to see if they made another that has the proper size center hole. they never responded. ive had to MacGyver the center hole so the collected grease does not seep back down through that hole and drip all over anything and or anyone under the exhaust fan in the kitchen above the stove. I'll pay a bit more next time to get the proper one from a brick & mortar home depot or lowes, even if I have to order it from them and wait, at least it will fit as advertised, and if it doesnt, I can bring it back and make it right using actual customer service
I have not received it
Arrived broken. Not worth the shipping price.
You get what you paid for. Sounds like a regular transistor radio. Save your money and purchase a Sony Portable anything.
Cannot buy parts. Needed replacement rear wheel. Went to Vilano website and others. Cannot buy parts for bike.
Since I bought it from the clearance section, it's not eligible for a return/replacement..... nice.
I ordered this product to use while knitting and crocheting in the car after dark. It's a disaster. it only lights up in red and blinking red. My husband has looked at this too and came to the same conclusion. i won't be ordering this brand any more.
These were planted, so not to be returned. But, not one of the bulbs grew or bloomed. I've emailed to ask what can be done.
Although the flashlight itself seems to be a good quality, the brightness is nowhere near what they advertise. I wasn't expecting to have a super flashlight for the price, but certainly not this. It did not even come close to my expectations. However, the make a good use for in-house lights in case of emergency or applications where you do not need a very bright output. If you are only buying for the purpose of having a light in different places at the house, then this will do the job. But again, their brightness and lumens output is nowhere near to what they describe.
I received a size 26 tube not the 20 I ordered. Also it took over 2 weeks to get here. If you're going to buy these tubes your taking a chance on getting the right product.
The code was never able to be redeemed, I have never had any issues before, but for some reason, this time the code wasn't able to be redeemed.
totally ineffective ..did not stick ..three small flags way overpriced ..Amazon should be ashamed to have this on their website
Does not smell good. Left my typically normal hair feeling greasy, even when used sparingly.
Worked for an hour, won't charge, won't turn on - ruined Christmas for my 9yr old. Replacement won't arrive till school break over. Very disappointed!!!! This was her “big gift” so basically she got nothing for Xmas!
Actually, my dogs hate it - won't touch it!
I tried to cancel the subscription and it wouldn't cancel. Charged me anyway
I would leave no stars if I could. This item is cheap. I had this product for a week. The wire inside the glove came in contact with the cloth part of the glove and it started smoking while at my desk.
Cables were to short for the Rear Derailleur. Waste of money.
Even though they are 'self leveling' they were both off by 3/8 of an inch over a 6' run as compared to two known good levels. it's a qc issue because both of them were off by differing amounts, and there's no way to fine tune the level, so I sent the first back, got the second and it was worse. sent it back and chose a more expensive blue brand instead.
Arrived on time. The box was not damaged. The speakers were not even in the tower. They were hanging loose. Once plugged in the tower lacked bass and quality of sound.
This product broke while we were returning from our vacation. One of the plastic straps snapped. Our bikes then pointed downward close to the pavement. We are very disappointed.
I have several ear protectors. This one by far is the worst although it is comfortable to wear. The digital sound turning on/off is very annoying, always has a delay to turn on or off. It is broken only after 2 months of use. I cannot turn it on anymore.
Nice design but they broke after just walking around the house.
They don't cover noise very well unless you wear earplugs with them.
Really annoyed that this was on the list of enhanced for xbox one x games when after launch they announce it will not be getting its update until next year! Suckered into paying the full premium price when I could have waited until after the holidays and likely gotten a much better deal.
This was basically flavored water in a cup. Now I understand why they were only 50 cents a package. It was not gelatinous at all.
This is Amazon Prime Service. All the filters are smashed while the box is fine.
I have an iPhone 8 Plus and it fits but barely. It's near impossible to hook up the headphone cord because it is so tight in the running belt. Also, they apparently use weak zippers because after the third time used, the zipper busted. Don't buy this if you have an iPhone 8 Plus. Get a bigger one.
fabric is heavier than expected. after sitting for awhile, the dress holds the shape of my body. does not fall back into place. returned it.
Would have been nice if it actually came with a tip. I'm just getting around to using it now, so too late to return.
Just awful! They bend so easily. Would return if my husband hadn't thrown them out.
Purchased Oct 2017 and died June 2018. While it worked, the only complaint was the smell of burnt plastic - came out of the box with that smell. But an 8 month lifespan just is not acceptable. Warranty only 90 days - then you end up paying more than purchase price. Just is not worth it!!
I get emails asking for reviews of items I never ordered
Can not load programs to box. Very disappointed brought leelbox before has no issues. Box keep rebooting for no good reason.
Do not buy not worth it. i heard that it make you hair so shiny and less dry total opposite felt like straw. also you get so little product for that price.
Pack was crazy small. My 17 year old bought the small / medium and it was more of a size for my 7 year old. No big deal, bought through Prime...so just did a return. Never had a problem with any order in years, but this Backcountry Experience company selling the pack charged me a 15% restocking fee. Won't stay in business long doing that to people.
I wish i would have known it was a used CD
This is just so not worth the money, the fan power is minimal. Only good application is sitting on a desk (or table of some sort) right in front of a person. Does not work for even small rooms. I used distilled water and yet it still got extremely dirty and worn down despite regular cleaning. Sometimes condensation would build up and drip, somewhat weird refill shoot thing. Noise level ok Can no recommend for anything more than a desktop application.
will not charge battery!
This would be a great one man tent, but the seams have already started to come apart after only nine camping days. I would not recommend buying this.
Poor Quality- Return Tv and told me in 2 weeks i can get a refund
Fridge only worked for 1 month and then stopped working. There is no warranty and the seller never responded when we tried to contact. Wasted money.
This item smelled very strongly of mildew - I had to return it as the case is leather and there was no way to get rid of the smell.
The brush is straight and not curved at all. Not very comfortable or easy to appy.
Was shipped broken. Screen has lines all over it. Will turn on but picture is black with curved lines.
I didn't order this channel
It was bad enough that Google was involved in everything you did on your Android phone, now Amazon gets in on the fun. I'll never understand why they make you pay for a phone that benefits only Google.
Nice sweatpants; I washed them when I received them, and today, after having worn them twice, with another washing in between, I noticed a hole in the seam on the leg. Hopefully, this is just a "one off". We'll see.
I actually don't know how this works because I never received the item.
I have purchased way too many hair products on Amazon and this is no different from the others only good thing is the smell. Other than that it does NOT do what it claims like all the others. I really think most of these products are like second hand and watered down or something. Nonetheless do NOT waste your money.
That's not my need. Terrible item. Don't waste your time. I would not use this again! Pure rubbish! Not good at all.
I thought a rechargeable tactical flashlight was the answer. This one worked well at first, but could not go the distance and now it in the recycle bin. The flap that protected the charging port died after two weeks, the flashlight finally died after about 3 months. I prefer the flashlights that use regular carbon batteries now. I cannot recommend this product for any reason.
Trying to see if Amazon will send a new one that might work. First year I tried a download version. Probably should have stayed with a disk.
This jug leaks from the spigot only buy this one if you intent to use it where water damage is no issue.
Honestly don't waste your money. Titanium is way too soft and flexible to be a nail puller. Just pulling a stainless 4 you are able to see the claw flex. Had mine 4 months and I'm going to Lowe's to buy a 10 dollar one that will last for years. The claw after 4 months is already completely worn out.
Nice idea but didn't work for my 10 1/2 shoe size. Didn't really seem to want to stay put. It's good looking but not practical. A boot for the front of my shoe would have worked better.
Cheap doesn't want to stand up or hold the tablet up. Look elsewhere.
Sent me a pink one even though my package says purple. Also I wear size 32 pants and it barely fits around my waist. So disappointed.
Broke on the first ride.
This thing didn't even fly
I first bought a yeti 4 years ago. It was amazing and held ice for hours. This yeti is not the same quality. It barely keeps ice for 4 hours. Highly disappointed.
This is not the original product at all, they are filling it with fake product when I compared it.
Only two dvds out of 6 came in the case.
I wanted season 2. The box was right but the dvds where season 1 . I'm not very happy.
At first I was super happy with the product... until I went camping with my toddler. Deflated within a couple hours with a 2 yr olds weight. Not sure the problem since there is no way it got damaged. Read other reviews after with the same issue.
Returning. Did not fit in the kindle well. Charge erratic.
I ordered this black nail polish and when i opened the box i discovered it completely shattered. There was black paint and shards of glass all over the box.
This will be the second review with the same issue that I have seen, so if you ignore it like I did then you might be out of luck. I purchased this TV in March 2017 and it was great for one year and six weeks. My picture has now melted into vertical lines and is greyed out. No warranty, no help from LG. I might be able to fix it for $500 but no guarantee it will last according to the repairman I just had come out. So if you're looking for a TV to enjoy and last for longer than 14-15 months, I would suggest another brand.
Freezes in middle of game
The charge controller worked less than a month before it started malfunctioning. Started by overcharging my batteries and now it's not functioning at all. Tried messaging the seller but they will not respond.
Wrong item was sent. Received the 2 piece board and boot bag combo, valued at $20 less. Will be returning and buying elsewhere.
there is no audio out to hook it to the stereo. no component RGB
Don't buy! Doesn't hold up tablet at all? There are no magnets in place so it just falls
I have already returned the item and still have not received reimbursement
Unable to get started. Do not understand this!!!
The light button jammed on me within a months use..... And it completely died.
would not start up on my Kindle so I deleted it.
This does not taste like any kind of plantain chips I have ever had before, and I don't mean that in a good way. The taste is bland and off putting. I tried adding salt and spices it's just horrible. Maybe it's the oil? I'm really not sure. The texture is also heavier than what I am used to. I will be returning these.
I couldn't download it so I called in to get help and he said I had to purchase something else to fix the problem and I said that I'd get our tech guy to fix any problem and he HUNG UP ON ME!!!!
Already has hole in it on left shoe. Would not buy this again
Bought this battery in September 2017. Charged it perhaps 8-10 times. Tried to charge it recently with the standard B&D charger (2 of them, actually) and it flashes red (bad cells). Great while it lasted.
This product quit working after 2 months
The headlight was DOA. What did I expect from something this cheap!
Terrible they looked like they were made well but one use and the 1/2 joint fell Apart lost the pin and spring very dissatisfied with this product
I got a DVD but it was not what I ordered it had Dragonfly on it and three other movies on so a lot was cut out not happy with my order
Product arrive with no label and unsealed. I do not think this is the real product; no other product by this brand has been unsealed or without an appropriate label.
App wont work on fire stick.
Stopped working and it wasn't even a month! Buy a different brand!! I will never trust this brand again!
This item broke within the first 48 hours of using it. I used it as a work bag so it was never anything heavy in the bag at one time. I only used it for pens and lunch.
Sending it back because ours arrived with a defective valve -- you can hardly get any water thru the straw, just bubbles. Bought one for my older son a few months back and it is totally fine.
I couldn't get it to work. None of the patterns would open for me to fill in.
This product is worthless. Stopped functioning after the first 2 uses.
I, too, wish I would have read the reviews before ordering. I ordered the black bag with logo as stated in the description and shown in the product image... and literally received what I thought was packing material. Call Amazon, they graciously expedited another one to me, and I got the same thing! No way in h_ _ _ I'm paying $15+ for this. Amazon has refunded me and I am returning to them both of these cheap, useless items.
It is small and it is lightweight. It is also flimsy, cheap and useless. The support bars are so thin that they look like a paper clip. They are then attached to the canopy with price tag looking ties! They aren't even sewn on. There is a picture of the price tag clips, so it is my fault for not looking more closely. I would not recommend this umbrella. Do yourself a favor and carry a poncho instead.
I would love to review this purchase, except I never received it! Amazon canceled my order with the excuse that the order was damaged. They would not simply let me place the order again, and when I called to speak to someone about it was told I would be given a credit for the discounts I would've received because of Prime day, but the credit never materialized and all my attempts to contact amazon thereafter just brushed me off like they never said it.
Tool was abused and broken, not "used"
This product was said to fit a Delta table saw. It DOES NOT FIT!!! And now it's too late to get my money back. I was sick at the time it arrived and just now tried to fit it to the saw. $300.00 down the drain!
Bought two, neither worked properly
Didn't work. Would play first 20-30 minutes of any DVD (recorded or purchased) then freeze. Couldn't back out or fast forward. Returning to Amazon via UPS. We'll see how that works.
I have yet to receive my item despite it being promised by March 1, 2018.
Doesn't meet my needs. Cannot comment on the app.
Was delivered damaged with a really big gouge in DVD.
Received the wrong color!!!
Much smaller than expected. Used them on a gas camping stove. Warped immediately. Food sticks. Have to coat with a few layers of cooking spray and they are still hard to clean.
Post office misdelivered to wrong address, never received it. I went through Amazon and the post office tracking it down, to no avail. My card was charged for it though. Apparently, since I didn't notice it in a specific time, tracking number was deleted off their system. This is the only item of the many I had purchased through Amazon that went through this.
This product doesn't work. Once inside it comes off instantly!
Was cake and difficult to remove from hair... I threw it out!!
I bought it for the Sound Of Silence song and it was over VERY soon they could have at least done it three or more times and the other three sons were BAD. It was only four songs on the CD.
doesn't fit shimano brake hose. my brakes are shimano slx from 2017 with shimano branded hydraulic hose. it was near impossible to insert the needle in the end and when i got it in, the hose split. the olive fits until the needle is inserted and then it contributes to the disaster. save your money and buy OEM, these are crap.
Ordered in a USB C and got a USB Micro. Can't even use this.
Game is entertaining but duels are having connection issues not only for me but other players. Developers say they are aware of the problem but after a long span have failed to fix it. They claim they will fix connection issues and don't want to player. If that's the case they need to FIX IT QUICKLY very disappointed in the tech and game creators.
The wrong item was shipped. What we got was a torn-up bag with different leveling foot plates that didn't fit. Annoying to have to deal with returns for these small items so we just dropped them in the Goodwill box. Hopefully someone who can use these will come across them there!
This entire collection is a disaster
Worst pizza! Too salty. It taste just flour. I couldn't eat even one slice of the pizza.
This device crashed after a Week
I was charged for this item and know nothing about it, I've never seen this before
I've only had this tent for two months and one of the poles already snapped from the wind.
This item came used and broken , missing parts so it must have been a return . Also it will not stay together when you ride it .
Been using Laura Mercier brow pencil from the mall for years now. Figured I'd give it a try via Amazon for convenience purposes. I have ordered from them a few times now... And I won't anymore!! The reason being, they never send the color blonde. They always send ash blonde. At first, I thought maybe it was an innocent oversight - it's not. Anyone who knows makeup knows there is a significant difference between ash blonde and blonde. Apparently, they must not carry blonde, which is what they are advertising. It was highly disappointing and costly for an eye brow pencil!
Doesn't connect tried many devises trying to swap out let's see if replacement works
Reviews with facts are censored away. Buyer beware.
Horrible! Tear right away and for sure not waterproof
This doesn't work at all without staking down the head part. Even with that accomplished, the design is severely flawed and wouldn't protect well from bugs.
Most of the rings are either slightly too big and won't stay on, or slightly too small and you can't get it on to begin with. Guess that's what we get for trying to save money 🙄
Defective Tire. I bought 4 of these tires for a boat trailer last october. We stored the boat through the winter and just got it out of storage. I noticed a bulge in the sidewall of one of the tires. This is dangerous! I contacted CS on amazon and kept getting disconnected on chat. They were no help because we were past the 30 day return period. The tires have maybe 100 miles on them. Amazon CS gave me a number to the manufacturer. I called them and was informed they hadnt sold on amazon for over 3 year. CS also tried to have me return them for a refund. They didnt seem to understand that the tires are mounted on a trailer and i'd need a new one before i can take the defective one off and send it back. Very frustrating! Do not buy these tires.
The cut outs were terrible. Had my points off every time I plotted.
Something went wrong and I was unable to open the app. But it still charged me.
Not worth it. Locking mechanism does not work. Cheap. Spend an extra &10 to buy a better knife. I went cheap and have a cheaply made knife.
The earrings are pretty, however I can only open of the clips. so therefore I cannot wear the earrings!!!
Worked great for 6 months. Recharged battery and it burned out the motor within seconds of replacing it in blower.
I'm not satisfied with this software. Extremely uncomfortable. Terrible quality! I'm very unsatisfied with it. Awkward, poorly designed. It's terreible when a software does not exactly what it says it does.
Ordered sporks (like in the photo) but instead got spoons. Returned and asked for sporks.. when I received the 2nd package, goes what - spoons again. Pictures and the description DOES NOT match. Order only if you want spoons.
Terrible. Utter fail. Bad quality. Totally junk! Pure Junk. Far from average quality.
I still haven't gotten it. Shopping takes forever. I ordered it August 1st. And even amazon dosent know where it is.
Will not open on my kindle just crashes
Flashlight arrived with no battery pack...
This is the second time I ordered this product. The first time they came they were in a plastic bag and then boxed to ship. This time they came just boxed up. Both sets had the Tide liquid leaking from the boxes. Hopefully they come back to bagging, then boxing the product.
If I could give zero I would. Wearing this perfume for years when I was able to buy directly from store. This is NOT the same thing. Smells like something is spoiled. Unwearable and unreturnable. Don't waste your money.
Returned it. Bad packaging and it did not get hot enough to de-solder anything. Going to stick with the manual plunger type for now
I never received the product.
I've been a knife guy for 30 years. I sharpen my own knives and have never seen one I couldn't put an edge on. Until this one. I was using the knife at work and it dulled extremely easily. That was kind of disappointing. So I tried to sharpen it. I've used several different methods and it just won't sharpen. So, I took it to a local knife shop (one of the world's largest) and they couldn't get it sharp either. Very disappointed with the metal in this knife and the odd angle that the edge had from the factory.
The product was not manufactured as shown on-line. The end pocket opposite the ID holder was made of elastic instead of the cloth. The elastic was sewn too small such that it wouldn't hold credit cards. If properly made it looks like to would be good - but totally unusable as delivered.
anki burnt through 200 million dollars and doesn't care about the customers. i can't believe i trusted them as a stable and warm hearted company.
Got the product today, it was dusty & it wasn't on sale & expires this year.
Didn't work for me. I must not have the right curls for this product. I also have blonde hair and since this product is brown it changed the color of my hair slightly.
The back pack it's small, I wasn't expecting it
I purchased this product with hopes it would be useful in repairing antique picture frames. I found it absolutely useless. The plastic corner blocks bend when tightened down and slip off when tightening the screw rods. This might be useful if you're making a 5” x 5” frame, but I doubt it. Don't waste your money!
Complete waste of time and money. Somebody cut through the cable (see picture) and now my bike is gone. But they left the lock and the cut cable. Wasn't that nice of them? Apparently they didn't need that junk lock or cable. Save you're money and don't buy this. It will only make your loss more costly.
i purchased 10000 coins..and it didnt go thru on my in game purchase..its been 3hours now..no response
Stopped working after one day
Have only use this item about 4 or 5 times and the igniter wheel has already fallen off (at some point unnoticed) and can't find it. Poor quality item. bought this item because it looked identical (and pretty much is) to one I had purchased from Radio Shack about 20 years ago. The tip was going bad on the RS one so though this would be same quality. NOT!
I never received the product. I tried to reach out to Amazon services twice for help with no resolution. I would not recommend purchasing this.
It worked for 5 seconds then shut off and would not turn on again even after fully charging it
Disappointed. It curls, crimps, and buckles. Doesn't work on camper surface. Not happy with quality. Sorry I wouldn't recommend.
I used these with my Peloton bike and the second time I got on the bike a piece cracked off. The next time I got on the bike another piece cracked off. Hopefully the manufacturer stands by their product and will issue me a credit or another set.
Cool bag and very helpful the size as expected, but i receive it damage as you can see on the photo
I bought these after reading reviews but it was a waste of money,im glad i only bought 1 i was gonna buy multiples of these so they last but these instantly burned my skin as i was only usuing these for 1 day im very unhappy and glad it was only 7$ you get what you pay for
Battery stopped holding charge after 29 days ...
Unless you want to look like a bobble head, put your money elsewhere
I have not received this package yet! It says I signed for it and I have not seen it!
We did not get all the parts that are mentioned in the description
Broke after only using once drilling through 2x4 .
Bought this flashlight in November and really liked that it was rechargeable and used it a few times to walk at night. Then, in January, every time I turned it on it cut off after a couple of seconds. Tried recharging. Can't figure out anything else to try. Still doesn't work.
Terrible - broke the first day
I did not receive this item. I would like a full refund immediately. I will be contacting the BBB if I do not receive a full refund immediately.
This did not work at all. The readings were awfully wrong. I received a crappy caliper.
The keyboard remote was defected didn't work at all a replacement was ship and it works however the lights don't work at that point I decided not go through the hassle at least is working but not what I expected all components working.
Not sure what happened to this brand. I had a previous set of 3 WearEver backpack chairs that lasted for years, purchased a second set of three Rio chairs recently and the fabric started to shred on all 3 chairs within a couple of uses. Not what they used to be
This is a beautiful piece, but is too small for a Queen size comforter. It's size covers the top of the mattress and does not take into account that queen comforters hang over the edges and end of mattress.
There was nothing inside package
Does not compare to oral b.
Never used opted for IPVANISH
Didn't fit my sons bike make sure when buying that you get the correct size for your bike. I can't use it unless I buy a new bike
This is not the real deal. Wife purchases this product at the salon, and the smell, consistency and color of what is in this product is completely different. Not sure what's up with amazon or these sellers, but this is a pretty large disappointment.
I did not purchase this product and would like it reversed
My parcel was attempted several times while I was away from home had lots of trouble locating my item which was left in the hallway so I just cancelled the order
The warranty helped me once but but would help me the second time and I only had the warranty for a few months thankfully Amazon came to my rescue
Awful Too expensive for a piece of paper
It took real effort to get this remote cover/skin onto my remote as the item is super tight. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone as it not only is a pain to put on, but because I'm certain it'd be a pain to take off/on when exchanging batteries in the remote.
I don't know wth happened but I got a pair of freeking socks instead of the knife. Big let down.
Unfortunately it didn't work. I followed the directions and know it was on the hottest setting and the bottle was empty at the end but it still didn't clean it.
Aside from the fact the device should come with a sleep timer already built in, the timer app would pause as soon as I switched to the video app. After several attempts at trying to figure out how to use it, (no instructions included) got it to work on a 5 minute setting-- it simply froze the video on the screen. Rate it a 0 if possible. I like to watch movies in bed at night and more often than not, fall asleep before it's over. Looked everywhere for a solution to save battery and this was only option I could find. That said, it's absolutely useless for my needs. May work well for music on android phones.
They keep falling off my boots even though i have ordered the right size for me and then one of the studs fell off after only a few yards of walking. Not recommended.
Wheels are hard plastic and seller will not refund me for it even though it is defective and not as described
1st time I have ever been disappointed with something o have ordered from amazon. When package arrived I could tell one of the ear pieces was not attached, thought no big deal can snap it back together, wanted for grandbaby to come over before opening to try them on him, nope does not snap back together even tried to super glue it back together and still no good
My package came damaged, two packets were opened and spilled in the box.
The game doesn't open.
as you can see, there were only 5 soup bones in the package, NOT 6!!! Obviously lacking in QC/QA!!!
Padding is very thin and it doesn't allow for heavy lifting
This product will rust within one month of use in the cooler. It fits the new style RTIC cooler just fine but will rust. The plastic coating around the wire rack will crack thus causing rust. Not worth the money...
bogus with the shipper, the seller gave a tracking number that is not with ups, usps, or fedex. All that was said is that the item left the sellers warehouse.
Can't play it in south Africa
Poor quality DVD- the dvd made our DVD player vibrate loudly (know it was quality of this DVD bc we put a Marvel DVD in to compare) so disappointing since we love this series on ID
bought in Feb 2019, Died Sep 2019 - not even a year old. No wonder it was on sale. Tried fast reboot and recovery mode but still won't boot up. I want my money back
First I need to say I love how this product cleans my skin. Its very smooth and clear. However having paid over $200.00 for it, it should hold a charge after 6 months. If I travel with it I have to take charger and plug it in everyday, which if your traveling abroad can be a pain with adapters. This product would get 5 stars every time if this issue was addressed and fixed.
I didn't order this that you
I bought this to check for pet accidents. The only thing that glows under this light is paper or fabric that contains fluorescent chemicals to enhance whiteness. Was not able to test on bed bugs or scorpions, but I suspect the lack of results will be similar.
Will not work on my pc.
Useless app. You need to have a cable or satellite provider to use the app. Dumb.
Ordered a batch of these, the label on it clearly says new, but there were only two bearings in the box. Packaged it arrived in was clearly untampered with, so this is just shoddy quality control. Poor showing guys, I was pretty excited to try these too.
Ordered 34 as I always do. The one sent says 34 but it's a 28 or 30! Way off So returning it and ordered 36 , continue after I get the product
I love this coconut water, which can be bought at Whole Foods. So the coconut water I give 5 stars but Prime Pantry/Amazon, I am giving one star. I ordered this (my first time w/Prime Pantry) and my box was smashed during shipping by UPS, along with another perishable package, so I never received it. Really disappointing! If you are considering Prime Pantry, be careful. Amazon was unable to order me a replacement.
This was not as described and did not fit to charge. It was not returnable nor was an exchange offered. Don't buy it!
They just unravel, pretty useless.
I had to return this two times. They keep sending plum instead of indigo blue. Didn't even get a chance to try it on.
This sharpener worked really well the first time I used it. The second time I used it, it wouldn't sharpen anything. I've tried emailing seller about this, but have not received any reply.
They seemed like a great buy, however they showed up and were too loose for a normal outlet. I plugged it in and just kept fighting for it to charge! Such a disappointment
I am adding to my review after having 3 of the last 3 concealers I purchased BREAK. Both times I was about halfway through with the product and the pen broke. This is a problem, Jane Iredale! Is it possible to get a replacement-- that won't break? See attached photo.
I opened my package and already fresh out the bag, the first pair are falling apart at the microphone piece of the buds so I try you put it back together and is temporary, I started listening to music only to have the plastic of the ear buds which is suppose to be soft btw, rubbing roughly against the inside of my ear, and the sound coming out of the ear buds is static one ear and low volume in the other, at least the microphone and volume buttons worked for the few minutes I used them. But then I tried to put my phone connected to these ear buds into my pocket only to have all of the plastic which held the microphone together completely break off revealing a metal plate and some wires. Idk if I can get a refund but I'll find out after I finish this. I've gotten ear buds from five and below and corner shops that are way better than these, please don't buy this garbage, also the second pair had the same sound issues as the first.
I never received it , the tracking said it was lost and I reported it and was never reimbursed. Help please.
I read the reviews and descriptions, so I knew they wouldn't hold up to anything substantial, but wow these are weak. I was able to bend the end by hand, so I'm not sure what good these are. I used two of them in tandem to attach my kids wagon behind the lawn tractor and they bent and fell off. It's like a 20 lb wagon. These are junk. They are pretty, if you have a need for something that can't hold any weight at all, but is too big for a key chain. Disappointed.
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM. NO RESPONE FROM SELLER
does not work with night vision divice. cannot get a refund they will only send you another WEAK 3 watts flash light that will not even work inside a dark house. waste of money. SO mad -wife cat hunter THIS COMPANY SUCKS WITH NO REFUNDS WITH RETURNS!!!
Had to make an correction, the bike was purple not green, what's they are advertising now. It only had 2 wheels NOT three.. what you see..
Not comfortable. Notice ridges in front of seat -- they do not make for a pleasant ride. We returned it.
Sent me the wrong ones I got square ones instead of round like I ordered not happy at all expected amazon to be better than that
I don't know how well this gun actually works because I never received it. FedEx lost the package.
Doesn't fit my machine like it said it would.
Very bad quality, it broke with the first day of use.
Cheap Garbage! After using his gas lens kit for five minutes on a 6G pipe test, I tried to change the cup and the 1/8 has lens got stuck in the cup after being barely tightened. Upon removing the lens the entire gas lens came apart in my hand. So I tried the 3/32 and the same thing happened! Needless to say, I had to switch to a regular collet/collet body set up! Buy from Jody at welding tips and tricks!
The four screws I've tried to install have all stripped and I can't get them fully in or out. Terrible design and terrible build quality
The machine worked very well until the belts seam split open, rendering it useless! Lasted about 6 months! I expected more.
I have Norton Security on my computers. It says I have 8 days left. I renewed it with a code that I had purchased previously. Instead of 365 + 8 days, it says I have 366 days remaining. It seems to be Symantec's policy to cut short the previously unfinished subscription. This is an unfair practice. I have contacted Symantec to see if this can be resolved. If so I will revise my rating.
Third party vendor unreliable could not fulfill order
I don't want to date this
Did not like the way it works
These glasses are huge and they don't fit properly. They want to charge shipping to return them so I guess I'll try and give them away. Bad purchase.
This package took a month to get to me (which was NOT indicated until after I ordered it!) and when it finally arrived, it's the wrong item! The color is completely different (ordered the lime green and they sent a hunter green/gold) The straps and hooks are actually the OPPOSITE of what they advertise! This is complete junk! I contacted the seller and they offered me a $3 refund, which is 1/6 of what I paid, PLUS I have to pay to ship it back, and of course they won't refund that measly $3 until they receive it back! $3 won't even cover the shipping costs! They have never apologized for sending the wrong item, which tells me they know what they're doing and this company is completely FRAUDULENT! Do not buy from them unless you're willing to throw your money away! Plenty of other great companies out there!! We have 5 other hammocks that are great with the exact straps (and colors) as advertised! Don't waste your time on this company!
Didn't prove useful to me
paid for this item and never received it, tried to get back on here and didn't have the card anymore so didn't have the information asked for. So therefore could not get monies back.
If this is the "evolution" of Disturbed, I'm going to stick with all their old music. It feels like Disturbed sold out to mainstream pop rock. One hundred more, all have the same sound Running around with all the sheep that you know "It sounds sublime, they're breaking new ground" "They're sure to have another hit this time"
Just not for me. Poor product! Didn't work at all. Don't let the photo fool you! Packaging looks very simple. Cannot complain for price but not what i expected.
Only one works. The one that does is mediocre at best.
Number one the metal dates are a soft metal compared to most. Torque accuracy is completely off. I have found better tools from the 99 cent store. Too bad I did not try it when I first got it so I could return it. Avoid this product
I wasn't able to see that network in my choices. Never saw it on prime.
Do not buy, there are better tracers out there. This one hardly works beyond a few feet.
garbage don't waste your money
Like a good consumer--I opened this up. Connected it to the butane. It worked great! Perfecto! I knew I was ready for the inevitable power outages we get around here. Fast forward 2 years. Opened it up, connected it. NOTHING! Changed butane tanks , nada. Won't buy from this supplier. Won't buy a coleman stove again. (seems like quality has gone way down) Be aware of this if you decide to go with this stove.
Turned my wrist green after wearing two days.
So disappointed. second time riding, it broke!! Kids in tears because today was supposed to be day at park with scooters. Tried to fix with tools, but it's busted. Faulty folding mechanism I've already contacted amazon.
This game is just a demo it's been like that since its last update in 2015.
First I ordered medium brown and what came was a bottle that the bar code had black sharper line through it and when I shook it on my part it looked like dark brown-black Here's the test to prove the product doesn't work at at. Shake some on the hairs of your arm wait a few minutes and rub it gently... EVERY BIT OF THE POWDER DISAPPEARS LEAVING YOUR SKIN AND HAIRS EXACTLY AS THEY WERE BEFORE!
This isn't a review of the album but of Amazon's delivery services. Any time amazon uses independent couriers rather than USPS, they always screw things up. A package arrived on my doorstep today, but it was someone else's! I checked on amazon whether my delivery was made, and there was even a picture of the wrong item "delivered" to my doorstep. Where is my stuff, amazon?!?
it did not work i eneded up throwing it the trash
Can't use this to search for properties. Feels like an elongated marketing/commercial designed to sell you services.
Bladder itself was fine but the tube that connects to it would not fully connect I would twist it into the bladder but it would not fully connect therefor you couldn't get any water from it. Disappointed I just spend the last hour trying to get this stupid thing to work.
Definitely not sure how so many reviews were 4-5 stars. I have plantar fasciitis and thought with reading the reviews this set would help. The ONLY thing that I thought helped were the blue Velcro arch wraps. Would not recommend or purchase again.
The plug-in snap connection between the hose and the bag won't hold. Keeps popping off.
Old and out dated codes for Turbine dont work anymore, wasted my money
Screws came in the wrong length.
I bought this to help grind stumps and it did nothing. I should have returned it
I never received the product and I was charged for it.
Couldn't use it had to subscribe
Do not waste your money!
Box was open and there was no padding and tv is not working.
Didn't work. Couldn't find my printer. But hey it was free.
Well I hope they didnt change Star Wars to Unicorns because that is what I recieved.
I am very disappointed as what was delivered is different from what was shown in the photos. There is no 1/2 drive ratchet handle and it only has 4 wrenches
This stopped working the first time I plugged it in.
Then it stopped working.
I don't have the product. Ordered over a month ago. There was an error with shipping on their end.( no error taking my money though) I received notification that I would either get the regulator or a refund. So far.....NOTHING. Watch out for this seller. Kevin Brooks
So I just received my package a little less than a week ago and I finally had time to open it and there's absolutely nothing inside of my package please reach out to me, either you need to send me the package with the Teflon sheets or refund my money. thank you .
HORRIBLE DONT GET IT IT IS THE WORSE THING EVER IT MIGHT LOOK GOOD BUT IT IS NO
Problems loading app.
Chips came all smash. They are not careful with the packaging.
Bought for my daughter. Terrible quality. Handle broke. for $35 you can get a much nicer bottle.
Product is ok, but lacking quite a bit for the price... 1- the manual indicates 3 different screws sizes, then sends them all in one bag unmarked. Spent 5 minutes measuring and separating the screws before starting assembly. 2- the manual is also very poorly written; directions have you assemble the frame, then disassemble to attach the cover.... very poor design. 3- stakes provided are pretty worthless; would not even go into ground. 4- ratchets are pretty poorly made as well. 5- directions label all parts, then don't include them in the steps (had to do some guessing with the pictures)
The gold is a gaudy, fake-Rolex color. It's much more obnoxious than the photos show. I do not recommend it. I wish I'd ordered a rose gold or anything less ostentatious.
Bought two of these bulbs for a household fixture where I had previously used the exact same style. Neither of them worked.
Sucks. Too many app purchases for this sucky app. Unreliable. Cheaply made.
Would love to review this item, as I've been looking forward to purchasing it and using it for a while. But it arrived broken. Guess I'll be sending it back.
Never received the product. I sent an email to the vendor and never got a response.
Opened it after Christmas and found it was broken. Missed my return window:(
I love this mug. Been using it for two and a half months. It gets 5 stars in every department except durability. Already the handle is coming loose. It's only a matter of time before it comes off completely. I'm so sad. And disappointed.
Product arrived with no seal and dried conditioner along the top of the container and sides.
junk , worked for about 10 screws before the wires inside started snapping .
The attachment pieces that hold the metal lock were so easy to break after a few uses. It happened on two bottles already. I see nice reviews on this bottle. I guess the batch I got has some defects.
absolutely does not work, waste of money
Cheaply made with very low quality. The frame breaks after a couple of uses. The zipper falls apart. We bought this for the homeless in our community and they were the ones complaining about the quality of the product. They thanked us for the gestures but told us not to buy it as they are of very low quality. It ends up being trash that they are responsible for discarding.
Sony has problems with the last 4 generations of their DVD players. Check the reviews before you buy. They constantly lock up or fail.
I TRIED TO CANCLE THE ORDER FOR 2 DAYS AND THEY STILL SHIPPED IT!!! I DIDN'T ORDER IT!!! I JUST SAW A CHARGE FOR IT AND I SPENT DAYS TRYING TO CANCLE AN ORDER I NEVER PLACED!!!
I cant believe you would expect somebody to pay for a broken product, how dare you send me a product that was in this shape, you should be kicked off amazon!!!!
I've had the product for a few months and it no longer charges. It's a piece of junk!
Battery doesn't charge
Cheaply made, I put my batteries in and it didn't light up once. Good concept, but bad quality
Broke after my daughter wore it 3 days. The gold color looks cheap and almost copper. Was disappointed when I opened it but wanted to keep it because I was giving it to my daughter to wear for her delivery. Didn't even last to do that.
Magnets fell out after minimal use....Hvac Tech
I could not find a search function. I deleted it after about two minutes.
Shit product. Save your money.
While the pump body is aluminum, the rest is poor quality plastic. The terrible, nylon like bolt on mount is horrible as well. If you want a mountain bike pump that will survive on the trail, pass on this one.
IT SHOWS IT WAS DELIVERED, BUT I NEVER RECEIVED THIS ORDER
Didn't live up to my expectations!
Quit working after a few months.
The package was damaged with a tear big enough for the CD to come out, which it didn't but, the case was broken and crushed.
Did not receive the weights and after repeated attempts to contact seller with no response I'm writing this review to tell you STAY AWAY. After looking around their price is not that good, try Target instead at least you'll get the items you bought.
This is not the real game! I'm so disappointed. I trusted the app and am sadly let down. As I recently read, there is no fortnite app for Amazon tablets, but will be released this summer (2018)
Used just a few times and worked, seemed good enough. A few months down the road, went to use it, and it just clicked when you hit the power button. My last "cheapy" tire inflator lasted me 5 years plus and only died because the hose sprung a leak. This one just seems to be cheaply made and not worth the money. The worst part is the company/seller never responded to my concerns to try and help me about their poor product.
I downloaded this for my granddaughter and there was so few free areas for her to play, that I deleted it shortly after. Free games should not mean you have to buy 90% of the levels to play the game!
I just got a pair of these. Made in Vietnam- not USA!!!! Zero protection against glare, very poor protection against sun light! Fake Fake! Don't buy them! Disappointed
I liked this case up until pieces started breaking off of it at the corners. It has not been dropped. Its just cheap and crappy. I do not recommend.
I purchased this knife for a recent trip to Costa Rica. Within two days of being used as a fishing knife (frequently washed with fresh water between uses) the knife seized up and stopped working. The blade eventually would not close. This was not due to corrosion but due to the handle coming apart.
It never got sent to the recipient
Been waiting on product since 18 of February was supposed to are end of March have emailed seller and no response it's april 22 still no product and no response
I bought this flashlight and after a few months with very little use it stopped working.
This app used to be a good alarm clock but for the past month has stoped going off.
I got this for my firestick, but I can't use it because I don't have a cable provider. If I had cable, I wouldn't need the app.
It will not stay glued
One of the poles doesn't lock on a section so I can't use it. The screw just turns but never tightens.
This honing guide is completely unfit for use. It doesn't hold any piece to be sharpened firmly, is impossible to align squarely, has the tiniest knob for tightening, doesn't hold the angle you are trying to set it to...I threw it out, complete junk.
I just finally got a chance to watch this. Two of the discs wont play, skip, freeze. They are scratched, but were supposed to be brand new. I am very unhappy!
Loved the case cover, very pretty. My dog knocked it out of my hand from a sitting position and it cracked. Did not protect my kindle, it now has a crack across the face. Pretty but bad quality.
Didn't even last long before pixels showed up, vertical/ horizontal green lights showed up. Delivered badly and had to fix the frame. Don't buy this trash tv.
I literally bought headphones and they sent me a pack of chargers? extremely confused, 0/10 would not recommend
This was rancid when I received it. I tossed it instead of trying the moisturizer.
The shape is terrible and makes it difficult to pack and zip. This picture is very misleading.
Netflix freezes on this system, just like the other reviewers say. I didn't listen to the 1-star reviews; I just went ahead and bought it. But first thing, Netflix froze up within minutes of use. But I still didn't listen! I'm not easily dissuaded, so I rebooted and tried again. This time it worked for while, then froze up. So I rebooted and looked through all the menus, made sure it had the latest updates, looked for options. Nothing. So I tried Netflix again. Froze up again. So, I boxed it up and will send it back. I am becoming less surprised at how billion-dollar companies can ignore major flaws like this and get away with it. They must make so much money they can afford to ignore bugs and flaws. Amazon should pull this from the shelves.
I was waiting for that item 10 days, and what I got it....
A brief book overview... About the Author - Not a doctor. - No college schooling. - Gets diagnosis from "The Spirit". He has a unique ability scans people's bodies like MRI and instantly knows what's wrong with them. The Book Summary 1. Modern Medicine and Doctors is too far behind on Thyroid health. Mostly just theories and outdated practices. 2. We will be true experts by the end of the book. 3. The majority of us have the Epstein-Barr Virus and it causing a majority of the world's health issues. 4. Cites 0 medical studies. (This is my MAIN problem with the author. Find at least 1-2 studies to support your ground breaking thyroid theory, that explains the majority of the worlds problems. Or at least fund some yourself, this way you can truly create change.) 5. Eat Fruits and Vegetables.
I purchased our dvd players in May 2016, today while we were stopped, one of cords caught fire!! Had we have been driving it could have been a bad situation!!
The product worked fine until yesterday when it stopped playing video VHS tapes and began to stop and shut off automatically. Moreover, contacting you by phone is impossible. You seem to hide behind suggestions that one should buy a publication just to get your phone number. Why not just list it under "contact" section.
For some reason this app has not appeared on my Mac Mini so I couldn't tell you how it is works great on my Windows computer but not on this but the thing is for free download
I have chaged this 3 times and does not work the next day. Have never been able to use it. Please respond and send another one. $50.00 light I can not ride with early mornings
I was very mad when I got the CDS they where used and all messed up.
As an item that is supposed to be here the next day it never showed! THen amazon makes you wait a week before they will do anything to help you and then it was my job to contact someone to TRY and get my money back. DO NOT RECOMMEND! If you want an Amazon gift card buy them in a grocery store!
This is not brass. Don't order this. Looks nothing like the photo. They make you pay the postage to return it.
Unsatisfied very poor customer service a truly bad company. I believe they are a scam and the better business bureau should into this fraud of a business. Very demonized people.
This worked great until a few days after the return window closed. Had to charge it about every other day but then it just stopped working. Lights up like it's supposed to but doesn't actually pump any water. Waste of money!
I was really looking forward to listening to this album on the Amazon music mobile app, but for some reason the album doesn't show up in my music. I bought the MP3 version without the physical CD, which may or may not make a difference.
Inflated tube to 110 psi. Put in in tire and frame. Exploded in hand. My hearing is now ringing and I feel nauseas. Not what I expected from Kenda. Be warned.
Amazon had canceled the shipment saying that there was no item for a long time.
I didn't receive it. I don't know where or who they gave it to. I am very upset.
very poor quality. I have to have it cut.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE I never received this product. I called Amazon several times who was professional, but unable to resolve this issue. This is a third party vendor. Don't order from them. This item is now LOST!!!
Does not work in USA DVD/Blue Ray players. Very disappointed.
One of the TV's screen was cracked. I called and they were supposed to have someone call to pick up damaged one and send new one...NEVER HAS HAPPENED
The first light lasted 3 or 4 dive trips before flooding. The second flooded on the first use. The first one was used to a maximum of about 30' (10 meters) before it flooded. The second one wasn't used past 20' (6 meters).
It'S too small for my kindle fire...I need to return it...please send instructions
The piece of metal that keeps the blade from opening in your pocked and aids in the assisted opening is too stiff. It renders the thumb knobs useless for trying to flip it open with the back of your thumb. Mine may have been an outlier and manufactured improperly. Generally I am a big advocate for Gerber products so I was disappointed when I tried this knife out.
So much dust comes through the bag. Not a good product. Had to buy another brand
I returned them because they were barely getting warm
I got my Blink Cameras and started to set up but they would not connect to the wifi router. I tried 5 or 6 times to establish a connection to the router. I have 4 iphones and 3 laptops connected to this wifi router and they are working fine. I called Blink's Tech Support and we tried several more times and no luck. They told me it was the router that was the problem. I contacted the router manufacture (Linksys) and we discussed the issue. They even remotely looked at my router and it was functioning correctly. We were able to un connect and reconnect to the wifi with phones and laptop. We determined that there was not problem with the router but with the Blink system. Blink has decided to send me a new sync module to try and see if that will work before I return they cameras and system.
My son broke the screen. I purchased this device Feb 8th 2017 and it says the return window expired Feb 10th 2018. I wonder why. When I got it. I was told I had a 2 year warranty and it could be replaced at no cost if it breaks. I'm not happy.
Didn't mean to get it wrong product
I think this may be a scam. I received my 'Air' tent today, but it was fiberglass poles instead. Do they keep shipping the SAME WRONG tent? I am limited in mobility, a single father, and only have my young child that loves camping for help. The air seemed like a perfect solution for us.
Works fine for outside shade for plants but would not purchase again. Not suitable indoors Bc it looks extremely cheap and not well made.
The game barely holds children's attention and then really only serves as a gateway advertisement for their other games, also $1.99, many of which are not available for the Kindle Fire platform. Save yourself the trouble and money, don't bother.
The product was great and as pictured. I had gotten this to give as a gift but they had silver not rose gold for their watch. I tried multiple times to contact the seller for a return or exchange and have never received a response from them.
The product is packaged in a vinyl bag and shipped in a large envelope, resulting in a chipped section of the HEPA filter. The plastic must be fragile. Returned immediately and bought a genuine filter.
The jig came well organized in a nice kit. I was pretty excited to really find out if this jig would perform as well as advertised. After using the jig several times now, I am pretty disappointed with the performance. It sets up as advertised, but the jig has too much play. No matter how much pressure you apply, the jig bounces around entirely too much. The issue with this is that the dowel hole that is drilled in the wood is bigger than the dowel that is inserted giving the board too much play and the boards don't line up appropriately. It is pretty disappointing as I was super excited for this jig to arrive.
I waited until March to download this tax software so it would be or could be updated. I've used H&R Block Software the past 3 years without a problem. But I keep getting the message that updates are needed. I downloaded the updates from H&R Block's website because the "update button" didn't do anything, and every time the downloaded update could not find the H&R Block program on my computer. It didn't matter if the program was on the desktop or application folder. Therefore I can't use the program without updates or file my taxes! So frustrating!! Update: For some reason the program finally updated. Then, even though I had purchased the Deluxe version, I was asked to pay for my state form. The next day I contacted H&R support, and I was sent a link to my state form. After that the program worked.
The scrubbing rate amongst other things are not very good on this TV. In sports the football, hockey puck or soccer ball will tick across the screen, instead of moving in a fluid motion. The quality of the picture isnt as great as I thought it would be either. Not happy with the quality of this LG, it might look like a good deal but it isn't. Very disappointed
The tires arrived on time. I put them on like a month later, the tires dis not have tbe usual paint on the tread nor the little nubs most new tires have. Now a month later it seems this tire is separating. Disappointing.
They are more like for water balloons not decorations
Bag has already broke after 1st use
Bought this item through amazon it is a Ryobi Battery but they do not hold a charge. I contacted Ryobi and they do not stand behind this because it was shipped from a different company. Do not buy Ryobi Product as they will not stand behind what they make. Bad...Item,....
Replaced twice in 9 months not reliable
I wouldn't recommend buying from this seller.
This jar was received broken. Please advise.
I had terrible service today because I specifically put in a request to Amazon that I wanted my packages to go to my Apt Management Office Not to my apartment. Amazon Rep put in a special order, with my directions, to the UPS carrier. The request was obviously ignored because the package was delivered to my apt during Office hours. During the holidays, I had a package stolen that was left at my front door by UPS, at my Apt complex. I then changed all directions to UPS online to deliver all my packages to my Management Office. I don't feel comfortable ordering anything if the carriers are not going to honor my request. PLEASE TAKE ALL OF MY PACKAGES TO THE OFFICE. Amazon Rep put in the notes that if the office was closed to call me if coming to deliver at my apartment. I am a disabled veteran and take a long time to get to the door. They even put in office hours. The office was open today and will be tomorrow.
This doesn't work. I had three ticks crawling up my pant leg that I had sprayed generously. Deep woods off works better.
Order was not delivered to me. Instead I was sent rubber
Horrible quality, arrives damaged. Pedal threads were stripped. Returned!
App is interesting. To much overseas articles as well as a progressive left bias.
Do Not Waste your Money their attracted to the thing! A nice blue night light!
Super terrible! Won't do the trick. Not what I wanted. Complete rubbish. Far from just so so. I don't recommend it to any one.
Did not help my dry skin at all and cost 20.00
Product arrived with a big hole...
I have not yet received my order.
These are horrible! Every single one fell off the wall they are cheaply made and not worth the money
You have to buy your way through the game
Doesn't work. it is more a toy than a really tool
This was easy to assemble and install, but the mechanism on the back indicates it takes an AAA battery and is clearly too large for AAA. I thought maybe it was a misprint and tried an AA... nope! Too small for an AA. I'm not sure how something can be made and not fit standard battery sizes, but this one fails. Assembly was quick and easy, but totally useless since there's no battery that fits to make the clock actually run.
These will not fit a Dremel. The shafts are too small. And they are very brittle and shed like crazy. Do not waste your money.
None of the ends fit the bleed valves on my standard radiators. Description should have been more clear.
Garbage. The joints are plastic threading and strip as soon as you turn to release pressure to move the arm. I'm ok with the arms being plastic, but the joints have to be metal to last more than one use.
I purchased the Global version and received the Northern Hemisphere version. Had to return it. Buyer beware.
Hated this tool. Didn't work to good at all. I threw it away.
I never got an e-mail to sign up for this
have tried several amazon downloads with no success.
Product was advertised as having a quantity of ten (10) inserts. Only received one (1). When I contacted the seller, they said the product description was wrong, but they have not taken down the listing.
After using it just once it chipped bad. Please do yourself a favor don't purchase this item
Junk. I got the 4 pack and 1 was correct. 2 had a light not working and 1 had a light bank not in its propper location. It had fallen in the back of the holder. These things are cheap for a reason.
It wouldn't prime for me. I had to put it under water to get it to prime. Once it was primed I could only get a few gpm to come out. I wasn't trying to pump the water far. I had a 6 ft hose and I was trying to pump it down hill. Siphoning the water ended up working better for me at least I didn't have to stand there holding a drill.
Unable to view the DVDs. These DVDs are only compatible -- for European DVD players. So if in the US-- READ THIS REVIEW. You will get the error msg-- that others have stated regarding Region 2
i still have not received this cd-i request a Full Refund
Maybe I'm just not doing something right, but Vevo seems basically useless. I expected to be able to select music videos from the 1980's or classic rock, but I found it very limiting and disappointing.
Too many ads and there are ads on the side where you can't play the game.
It's a sorry game. Takes to long to move ahead. An grafic is bad.
Supposed to be a brand new copy but for some reason they sent me a crap copy that skips in the middle of the movie.
I have two (2) shirts to return - the 1st one I ordered Navy and it arrived in the color Black - I contacted you and ordered a replacement in the color Navy and when it arrived I had received Black again! I want to return both of the black tops and realize I will only receive credit for the one! I have not been able to find all the necessary paperwork to do this.. I need HELP!
I just received this item today and, to my surprise, there were 4 colors missing in the box. There are 2 rows of colors inside the box, one holds 4 colors and the second one 3. The box I received only had 3 colors: red, yellow and blue in the second row. The first row was empty. The package got to my door undamaged, i even had to remove the factory seal from the box, but there were still 4 colors missing inside. I'm going to initiate the return process now. I feel bad because I really wanted to try the item on my couch, but I cant do much with so many colors missing and after having paid full price for it.
Received faulty product
I received this in July. Have used only about quarter of the spray. When it just stopped working.!!! Very frustrating. And it's beyond time to return. Now if I had bought it in a store or salon they would of replaced it. The actual product works great . If only it would come out!!
Bought this bike for my daughter's birthday. Assembled per instructions and tried the pedals, there was a catch and a grinding noise coming from the main hub. Disassembled, adjusted per the manual, still not better. Disassembled and adjusted again, adding grease, and there is still bearing noise and a dragging feel. Bike seems nice, but looking to return as I don't trust the hub.
I bought this CD for my daycare to play during nap time. When it arrived, the case was cracked. Amazon was WONDERFUL and replaced the CD no charge however, when the second one came in, the case was cracked. The CD music is great! I do not know if this is a shipping issue or an issue with the company providing the product. So be aware!!
The product box was cut open when I received the tic tracer. Then when I opened the box more the cap that holds the battery was busted.
Nut holding handle onto head was no where to be found. I bought this as an Amazon Warehouse item so it shows how closely Amazon staff checks these return warehouse items before they resell them.
Fits too tight, seems like it is ready to fall apart.
Can't even get this to load. Tried 4 times so far. Glitch in the app?
Worse purchase ever! Hard to open, impossible to put back together. Not one has worked that I could get back together. Terrible item and waste of my money, disappointed in Amazon for allowing this on your site. Wiil be leary of future At least for a while
This receptacle uses a rubber boot and a hose clamp for the strain relief, which is completely unacceptable. I can't return it fast enough.
Set in it like 5 times. And it's already broken.
I ordered this item and i never received it. In tracking the item its shows its shipped but thats it. i am planning on canceling order
Only played one DVD!!! Now it doesn't recognise any disk I put in it says No Disk even though there is a disk inside
I never received my product
I really wanted to like this scooter. Just my luck the front wheel fell off in first 10 minutes... and 5 more times I the next 30 minutes. The bolt won't stay in one side. It is not made to last at all.
Almost every can was BADLY DENTED. 7 out of 12 cans were smushed, while 2 more were only in the "reduced price" condition. 75% UNUSABLE...Ridiculous!
Did not like. Had to return.
My package came all empty with no product inside what should I do ??
Pole broke 30 min after reciving it.
I ordered this for a graduation present.I didn't give it to my grandson but he just graduated so I only recently gave it him. Well .we tried to Charge it several times only to find out that it won't hold a charge! I feel so bad for him.I got a great price and was thrilled to be able to give this to him!!.It was just a reader, so perfect for a middle school graduate. Now ,I am out the money and ,can't return it.I already bought a new case for it also. What a HUGE disappointment for him and me.I will never buy a refurbished item from Amazon again! Guess I learned huh?? And my Grandson got a real awakening!
Came broken and leaked everywhere
Completely rotten..the fruit was an absolute bad quality one..all rotten with some black stuff..some kernels were totally black with something like mold..could hardly get a fist full of clean kernels..had ordered it for a Christmas dessert ..absolute waste of money ..I wish I had clicked more pix before trashing the stuff..this deserves NO stars..
I've used these ear plugs for several years now and always liked them. I used them at work, while shooting and sleeping. The last box I received are not the same quality as before. They seem smaller and softer. Very difficult to insert into ear. Up until the last box I would have given them a 5 start rating. I don't know if I got a bad batch or if they have changed but I won't be buying them again.
Its not a quality product
Was supposed to arrive on Friday January 5th. Still not here. I am a member of Prime and should have two day delivery.
One of the rubber supports broke during my first hike using this product. They should have withstood more than 6 miles of hiking on snow.
I think the actual size is not the same. Also I received it late, just now. Also all the pin is broken like bend. I cannot use it.
The product description is false. It is not self-inflating. It requires air pump to pump the air into the bag which is made with very cheap plastic. I returned it right away.
I know the video is superb and would like to give it a five star rating, but I live in Norway, and the disc is locked for the US - hence the 1 star for the "wrong" disc. Kinda big problem really. Would wish for a refund, or perhaps (and even better), a disc that is set for Europe. But I know I am way too late for this. I torn my ACL the day before I recieved the disc and therefor didn't open it until today. Sadly. What a dissapointment.
So many episodes were pixelated or didn't play I had to return them. Very poor quality.
Didn't like the quality and workmanship of this knife, returned it.
This is absolute junk. I watched the video, followed the process, went through all the steps, and have gone through all 3 protectors. It is too big, so it will not seal unless you get it perfectly aligned, which is impossible without getting dust on the adhesive, keeping it from sealing appropriately. I really wanted a matte screen protector, and this is junk.
I ordered this video for a project. I tried to play it the first time as soon as I opened it from the packaging, and it skipped about 100 times. It was terrible! I had to go to Target to buy another copy the next day so that I could complete the project. I tried to return it, but I have been told that it was too late to return. Now I am stuck with this awful DVD and I lost my money. This has happened to me with several DVDs that I have bought from Amazon over the past few years! I say do not buy your DVDs here, as they will come to you in poor condition! I learned my lesson.
Tried to use mirror this from my phone but its blocked
Said was shipped never got said something about government wouldn't let them ship said they would refund but never have
I friend came to visit this past weekend and the bed would not stay inflated. It deflated 3 times. It must have a leak. I am sending it back. This bed has a high rating but it cannot get one from me. I am extremely disappointed.
Came just one disk instead of two!
This product should be Taken off the market ASAP! It causes burns and extremely irritated my skin! My skin is blistered and very very painful!! This is a dangerous product and all of the reviews confirm this. I give this a negative 5
The box is totally destroyed! Talk about a Crunch! The box is a mess! It's not the blame of UPS..,it's gotta be at the Amazon loading facility
Cheap. Broke within 30 seconds of turning it on. Never even used it. Something inside just gave out and it stopped oscillating. Guess you get what you pay for.
Unless you have the wind speed of category 5 hurricane, this thing will not spin. Worthless, returned it.
It's only 7 pairs not 14 like the ad misleads you to believe. So for that price they are much cheaper at Walmart
Cheap Chinese high carbon steel set in a brand-name box first thing I tried to tap and the tap wouldn't start and then when I tried to force it. It snapped off in the work. Liked the gear drive it works good other than that not worth it.
the bookkeeping part works fine. but I updated to this version because it say works with windows 10 I can not get the Invoice to e-mail, I have tried for days, Even reconfiguring my pc to make it work, Tech support is useless, they know less than I do. It would also be nice if one could add and subtract when entering a number in a sale or purchase
This app asks you to pay otherwise it loads the same shows that one can see on Nick JR.
Absolutely terrible. The build quality on this is cheap and flimsy and it blows all over the place and gets in your way when riding a bike. I don't know what that stupid visor is on the hood of it but it just looks embarrassing and gets in your face making it dangerous too. So bummed I waited this long to use it properly now it's out of the return window.
It's really bad. Just So-So. It not worth your energy. I am not happy with this software at all. Dont use this. Very poor quality. I am very disappointed.
It doesn't work at all. Not in my dvd player nor any family or friends. It says it can't read it. What do I do?
I though it was android
Not happy you have been out of stock on this item for the whole week. Not good Amazon Fresh! Get a better fulfillment process on standard stock items like this that I order & buy every week.
We bought this for our kids to enjoy on a long road trip, started with the first season and could never get beyond that, the discs just skip the entire time! Disappointed that I cannot find an option to return!
I bought these in May to have batteries on hand when it was time to change our smoke detectors. Just used them yesterday (Sep. 5) and NONE of them work right. The smoke alarms started chirping within a couple of hours of installing them. Now we have to go to the store to buy batteries and replace them all again. One of the smoke detectors is installed on a cathedral ceiling so this is not a quick an easy task. Energizer didn't live up to it's name on this purchase.
I am severely allergic to coconut. I scan all such purchases to see if anything is stated about coconut oil... this one didnt mention it but its the second ingredient on the package I received. Needless to say, I cant wear it, I cant test it. It smells nice but I wasted my money.
Disappointed in the quality or lack of
Worthless. It's a terrible quality. The worst experience I ever had. You will be disappointed. I'm not happy with this software! Worst Worst Worst
The app that accompanies it is a piece of garbage, and the other reviewers are fakes.and was very cheap. No Quality control used here at all. Look at the single-plug version of this for some real reviews and issues. The app does not work. When it sends a verification code to text, which you are supposed to enter into the app, the submit button stays grayed, and you cannot press enter. When asking to receive verification via email, it won't even work. Save a half an hour out of your life by not messing with this product. I'm sending both of the ones I bought back. Extremely disappointed that Amazon has allowed all these fake reviews to influence me; don't let them influence you, too. Not user friendly. Doesn't work.
Just turned this vac on for the first time, 3 min in and the smell of smoke hits me. Motor burning out in less than 5 minutes of use.
First of all I could not play those DVDs on my player because it was a Zone 2 instead of a one with no one said anything about that when I order them so I was very disappointed that it sent him back you think that it would be a message so that you wouldn't go through all the trouble of ordering and send back
The first tie we had rain the poles bent and the canopy collapsed. The top is not taught enough so that any water runs off so the weight is too much for the poles holding it up.
Was not local for a calif
Not as good as I remember. Very disappointed from how I first saw it. Unhappy.
By the time I received my order on Monday, not Sunday as I reported, the box was damaged. The cake mix box was torn apart completely.
Leaks badly after using for a month. I don't recommend.
buried in the product description is "USB-C and Lightning cable for iPhone / iPad sold separately." Why would i buy a power pack without a means to use it on my iPhone!!! not cool when i found out the connector missing when i needed it the most with my iPhone dead. I get you are saving $$$ at the expense of your customer, but a couple inch lighting cord costs minuscule amount.
I do like the PCA products however I ordered this kit to take on holiday with me. Way to small for a three week trip. I think the cost of this kit is way to costly for what you get. Next time I will use my full size products.
Have tried original and multiple different cords. They no longer charge after having only used them three times in about a week.
I have not received my order and it was delivered to another state. I have not gotten a refund or heard anything about my order. I do not recommend!
How is the hell can I return something I never got
I read reviews before buying this product and several talked about poor packaging resulting in the packages opening and the brad nails being all over the bottom of the box. The shipping department should take more pride in their work. I would send it all back but frankly it is not worth my time
Garbage, don't buy this. Super slow interface, and at times unresponsive. Save your money and get something that will work....
it is a muffled sound no highs no brilliance what did you guys do to this recording ?
I never got this product
Inaccurate, reads about 10F to low.
My product was stolen/lost in the way, really bad way to send it(unsecure). I trusted on sending it to the lockers, but that option seems to be more insecure. I wondering why did the amazon guy make me generate a code to pick up if the bag was empty...
No ,every time I try ,it says I do not have internet,but I do
The DVD does not work. Ripped off by Amazon AGAIN. It deserves a no star rating. As does Amazon.
Didn't get it paid extra for one day and never receive it
Broke the 1/2" right off first time I used! Wasn't even on an impact! Did it by hand!
Even after measuring my bed frame, these clips did not work as intended.
It didn't take away or even tone down the brassiness or orange color in my hair. I was very disappointed.
A vital part broke and the shop I took it to couldn't find any replacement parts for it other than that I really enjoyed it
Thought the movie was ridiculous.
So i got a perfect looking amazon box delivered to me today. Was very excited to open this package. Inside of it i found nothing but damaged goods. Package was ripped and taped together. Very very disappointed. Still cannot figure out how to contact the seller directly or who to talk to about this. Now i have to spend my own time to get everything shipped back. Hate to go through this again and again(as this is not the first time this happened to me). Needed this for a camping trip this weekend. Whoever packaged this- your fault for making me write bad reviews.
Nope, didn't do dick. Needed stupid product to take a stripped and rusted bolt off a rear bike axel to replace derailer, and ordered this product because it was prime and 2 day shipping with decent reviews. Not only did this product arrive SIGNIFICANTLY late, 4 days after it should have(rediculous when you pay for prime to begin with) but after anxiously waiting for product to arrive and save my life here, product only"chips in" to the bolt before falling off and losing it's grip. Tried in three places, no dice. Will definitely be returning.
This was a great speaker, till it stopped working after on week. I could have put up with the cracking sound whenever you powered on the unit. But, after a week it just stopped. Requested a refund.
Any kind of wind, and I mean ANY breeze at all and this thing folds up like a lawn chair. Gave it one last try out of 4 failed attempts (even hard tying it down on solid anchors instead of the included undersized sand bags) and the thing won't stay in any kind of usable shape. The poles are garbage and the shade material is too soft/sketchy. Is this item filled with fake reviews? Are you guy's beaches not breezy?
This one of the most unreliable streaming channels I've accessed.
Quality is terrible. Not worth the money. Cheaper at Walmart.
inaccurate no need to say more
This doesn't work, and was a total waste of money regardless of the size purchased.
Amazon is a joke! Despite the prime membership. My package was delayed 6 days from the supposed delivery date. Was on phone for an hour or so with customer service on Friday, who connected me to UPS and I was told my TV will be delivered Monday. I called in Monday to confirm delivery and was told that I need to pick my TV up from UPS an hour away from where I live. I asked for a refund! All that trouble for nothing!
Not sure how it got ordered! Absolute waste of money!
It is a peace a shit dont even work right has no power cant hold a charge battery is out of date nobody sell batterys like that any more what the fuck
Hi I'm not sure how to co tact the seller but I never received my order, tracker says delivered.
Never received the item that they left outside then we got snowed in and who knows were they ended up. Will not buy from this vender again.
This product does not work. I will be sending it back and getting a refund. Please for the love of GOD do not buy this product. It does not do anything as advertised. It does not work at all.
It was in original sleeve but not in good condition. There was actually a spot on one side that looked like paint but when I touched it it crumbled off, was dirt. Very scratched. For the price I paid, if I wanted that used of a record I'd have bought the cheapest used one. I should've taken a picture but was focused on getting it back in package. Was supposed to be a surprise present, and in that moment I was very disappointed and bothered.
The laser pointer pictured is not the one I received in the mail, not even close. Also why have a picture of a battery and charger if there's no battery included. This ad is all wrong. And I want my money back.
I have used turbotax for several years for completing my tax returns. I have always found it to be a very clear, simple and straightforward program that made my increasingly complex taxes less of a headache. I've never had an issue with E-filing either. The software was user friendly IMO, consistent with previous years, but this year my efile was rejected. It was rejected because of the self select PIN, which turbotax program is requiring me to enter but the IRS website says they are no longer using. There is no information available on turbotax help as to how to resolve this issue and no way to get help that I can easily find. I am never buying this product again. I'll pay to go into a tax prep office and have them efile it next year.
Not everybody likes to play so, so terribly fast. I'm going to delete now. It was a negative experience for me. Sorry.
My father wanted one of these for his birthday, so I got him one. I don't know if this is a problem with all units, but we found it almost impossible to put the batteries in. If I had had to do it myself, I would never have been able to do it, and I have better than average mechanical skills. My father's father was a mechanic, so my father has very strong mechanical abilities, so he eventually managed to do it.
Received them and the package came all damaged and one bottle almost empty. Trying to return but says it's not eligible
Worked fine until it just stopped working after six months - better than buying a fitbit and having it stop I guess:(
The gift card was never received. It says it was delivered but we did not receive it.
Such a bummer because these are very cute patterns and cotton. But they are so small! I bought size 12m and could not get my 8 month old's hand/wrist out of the sleeves. Had to return :(
So your friends and neighbors know what you have long term food and they do not, they save a buck and deliver it in the original box.
Loved the product, and liked the spray bottle, thought it would be great to carry in my bag, but the top unscrewed and emptied the contents all over my bag. So pretty expensive for one use.
Bought theses for basic training they are quite sheer.
The fabric ripped the very first time I sat in it. I only weigh 120 pounds. This is probably only usable for children. Not durable at all.
I bought two of these for my sons after recent hurricanes in NC. The part where you install the batteries broke as soon as my son tried to install the batteries. I am very disappointed as I remember Coleman lanterns from my sons' Boy Scout camping days.
Please cancel this order - I ordered it twice in error under two different formats
The packaging was nice and decent but the product itself had scrapped marks like it was kicked around before it was boxed up. It was bent also, but hey i can just simply straighten it up. But, i paid extra hoping for a brand new one or else should of just settle for a better looking used one for a less price.
I got this as a prop for photography because it is nice looking and an awesome red color. But, when I set it up for my first shoot using it, the bottom anchor tab tore off. Three held, but one completely tore off. I was able to improvise and get it to stay up. I would not want to rely on it as a shelter tent for sure. This is more of a toy tent that a functional camping tent.
Packege arrived wet and broken
Didn't function very reliably. Maybe DL in a few months for bug fixes??
Save your money. This pop-up it too light weight, any breeze will blow it over. Buy a sturdy one with a frame if you need something like this.
Got the movie in great time but when I opened the case Avengers was inside. So to make sure it wasn't labeled wrong I played the movie and it was Avengers. Disappointed.
It didn't filled my expectations. I want it to get a card gift for the apple store and it was confusing due to the card I bougth said app store and find out that ot was only for apps or music. I was not able to exchange it for the apple store card gift.
Still can't believe I paid 10 dollars for this on here
Image shows a bright and vibrant top cap. Reality was dull and poorly printed. Extremely disappointed in quality. Don't buy!
Downloaded for my kids android tablets but the app does not work. Disappointed because now they have to use my phone when they want to chat with their friends. I hope they fix soon!!
I did not receive this when will it arrive
I was excited to use this, but I took it camping last week and it went completely flat all 3 nights. Bummer. Waste of money.
Sucks that i cant give ZERO STARS i placed my order dec 8th and now its feb 12th and I still haven't received it. The tracking number never updated on where the package is. And now I no longer have access to the number. I sent a message to the seller and I still haven't received a response. I dont like leaving bad reviews but this is ridiculous!
Remote freezes in game after a few minutes of play. Waste of money for something so exciting.
ordered this product for my son who is obsessed with vhs tapes (he is autistic), the posting said included a remote but got none. kinda lame.!
Never came and Amazon issued a refund instead of getting the order to me. What a silly waste of time.
They are black stretch gloves with markings on them that aren't that effective. Calling them "Driving Gloves" is an insult to both driving and gloves.
I LOVE this album, but I hate the fact that I received two records with scratches on them right out of the sleeve the first time.
This game is unplayable on Amazon because of their incompetence. An update occurred 2 days ago and they won't update. Google play and Apple apps had it done immediately. This is why gamers consider Amazon apps a joke. There was a minor update a couple days earlier Amazon did, don't know if they think that was it. The 2.2 update still not done. Just fix it.
I love this bottle and have used the soft spout attachment for many months. I so wanted to love the straw attachment but it leaks like anything! Even when its properly closed, water leaks from the straw part into the lid and the moment you open it sprays onto you!! I would rather buy a funtainer which during sale is just couple of $$ more!! Will never recommend it.
I don't like your policy of free trials for one month, then getting charged for an item I didn't want in the first place, then having to cancel it myself, even though I didn't order it. This makes no sense.
Junk. The device came apart the first time I disconnected it from the USB cable. It is beyond repair. DO NOT BUY.
Weird cloth material that has odd shape and mold, doesn't look close to normal when you put it on. Also very short. Typically wear XXL but this is designed and made for short fat people
The pot lid and strainer can in out of the box dented- very disappointing.
This knife and tape never arrived although it said it was delivered to my secure mail box. When I sent the slip in for a refund I did not hear back from anyone. This is too much to pay for absolutely nothing. Don't buy from this vendor.
These did absolutely nothing to prevent glasses slippage. I thought they might be upside down, but turning them both ways did not help at all. I returned them immediately.
It is terrible. Don't buy this. It ruined every my clothes if you laundry together.
I don't like that the consumer has to go out & get the wood described in the direction specification. This doesn't make sense. The legs or sides are all plastic & this company wants you to attach wood to these plastic legs. If I knew that, I would not have bought this piece of crap.
First 30 sec smoke and sparking, don't know if I got a bad one or these are just junk?
The medium size roaches I ordered where mostly x small....their definition of medium is baby size. I have been buying Dubia Roaches for a long time. I realize the size can vary, however, the largest roach in this order was not medium; small to very small. The largest roach was the size of the tip of my finger. I would have spent the money for the correct size...I was most concern with the size which my Dragon does not like them too big.
Received order promptly and was very excited. However after further inspection both Mario and Luigi split. Mario in the back of head and Luigi completely split between the legs. Very dissatisfied with craftsmanship of product.
The product is just what I expected and there is no problem there. The problem was the packaging. Whoever packed this should be fired on the spot and forfeit their last month's salary for what they probably did to other orders. This is a lightweight plastic tube containing 9 fairly heavy fish rods that is about 20 inches long with no packaging of its own. It was placed in a large UPS box with no packing whatsoever. When I received it there were several holes in the UPS box from the weight of these rods bouncing around in the box. The top cap of the plastic tube was floating around in the box and the top edge of the tube was damaged which required cutting off about a half inch so the cap would slide on. This packaging was an absolute disgrace. If these rods were not as sturdy as they are I am sure they would have been damaged and I would be returning the order. If this is how this company packs things I will not be doing business with them again because the next order might not be so sturdy
I still did not receive it!
Listed as a set of two. bought it, and only one showed up even though the sticker said: "set of two". Filed for a replacement. They sent 1, labeled as a set of two.
I purchased these water bottles in preparation for a backpacking trip- these were kind of the spare bottles for the day trips between cities. I was pumped not to carry a full water bladder on our day trips but encountered several problems. I thought the mini carabiners were funny but useful- until I tried to use them and each and every one of them broke- regardless of how much or how little water was in the bottle. The caps are so flimsy that even a firm wind will knock them off- I thought nothing of it since the push down tab would keep the water inside the bottle- also false. The bottles leaked constantly. I tried each of them for a week on this trip- and one by one through them out along the trail. Really disappointed with the construction.
Used it for a day and it broke.
Was supposed to be a gift. Thanks Amazon for not boxing it and ruining it.
I am very disappointed. I found the same product cheaper somewhere else. I wanted to return it but I ma being charged $10 for shipping. What's the point of trying to get a better price if Amazon forces me to keep it or return it paying a $10 fee?
When I opened the padded envelope I got a handful of shampoo. The lid was unscrewed and barely on. It should have been packed in a box. It's already expensive enough.
I made sure my wall was clean free from dust and I used 5 hooks to hold this garland and it didn't!! It came down the same day!
Ad says that this battery replaces the DeWalt 24 volt battery, but is doesn't work with the DeWalt charger.
I ordered this CD & the seller said it would take a month for delivery, but I never received the package.
Look at the other reviews. It's all true. The blade is not straight so you will end up with crooked cuts. I've tried four acrylic glass & 1/2 wood. ALL of them came out crooked & not usable. I can't recommend this to anyone
The spout had a chip and the lid attached was loose and fell off when the coffee was poured , the piece that attached from the kettle to the top was loose
Oh my god. I tried with all my might. I can not get my tablet into it. I can not use it. Now what do i do?
These things were complete junk!! They didn't fit at all. I tried to get them on the sceen but couldn't get them to not overhang at one spot or another... Thought they were glass when I ordered my bad for not reading and rushing to buy for my kids tablet... I have the glass ones for my phones at home and they are the best.. These plastic ones are just plain JUNK!!!
This is screen printed and peels off. I tried to return but the seller refused.
I returned it without using it when I realized it had an extra long barrel. It is hard enough to keep from burning myself with a regular size barrel.
This item was purchased as a gift and shipped damaged. The shipping box and other lightweight items inside were in perfect condition, but the corner of the box set was creased and there were small plastic packaging pieces rattling around inside. I clearly don't want to give this as a gift in this condition. I will have to return this when I have time after the holidays and repurchase elsewhere.
Couldn't see it. It was not digital. Had to return it.
I didn't order this one
The color of the cooler was spot on. In a 4 day work week I purchased 3 bags of ice.
Bought this in July, photo taken 2 months later.. product was brittle which caused multiple holes and tears to the point where the slide was no longer usable (only on white sliding surface) red vinyl held air and had no issues. This was a very expensive item for only 2 months use!
Doesn't stay on the pedals. Too flimzy.
This makes my hair extremely hard, and rough. I use other RUSK products and have no issues. it was so hard that i had to rewash my hair before I could straighten it, I do not recommend this product.
How do I give 0 stars? My 5 year old granddaughter wanted this because of the cat and syringe , she can't play with that unless I pay for it, which I Will NOT DO!!! Advertised as free, should be able to play what is pictured for free.
it's not heavy duty.. I use 3-4 time.. chair leg broke.. do no buy..
not what I expected, the smell doesn't last long. Update! This perfume stains white shirts. I would not recommend it to anyone. Get something better! This will be the last time I trust Amazon blindly.
I truly think I received a Broken unit that was put back on the shelf. Between my son and I we've purchased other identical units and they were all completely packaged with each part separately wrapped in plastic. When we unboxed this latest unit, the packaging or lack thereof, raised eyebrows. We were correct and the unit could not control the heat to the tip. It would simply turn on and within a few minutes, it was glowing Bright Red. We have No Control whatsoever. Hope this catches someones attention. I would love a replacement as soon as possible. Bob
Audio stutter and doesnt play my old DVD's! After a software update it doesnt load anything. Its basically a paper weight now. So far my worst purchase in 2018
Boring game in my opinion
Still hurt from the seat. This didn't provide any relief
Not based on Mary Poppins Books. Like the 1st movie by Disney which was about 80% or more made up by Disney...far from Mary Poppins books.....in doubt...read the 1st Mary Poppins book.
When I originally purchased the product it had 5 star reviews. I looked today and they are gone? Also just recieved package and the ear buds were all over the place in a box. They dont sound great either. :/
Will be returning these. Used one of the smaller bits and was only able to drill 1 and 1/2 holes. Bit ground down and to 1/4 of the length. Tried the next size up and it did they same thing. Worthless.
Failed on first day of use. It worked fine for a while, maybe 30 minutes of intermittent use. Took a break for 30 minutes and when I got back to work, it wouldnt stay on. Returned and buying a different product.
CD plays OK-DVD will not load or play. My other DVDs play fine, so it's not my player.
We will be doing an upcoming move to San Diego and then on to Hawaii and we really wanted to find something lightweight and easy to use for shade as we will be at the beach often. This item was recommended by a fellow military spouse and after reading reviews we decided to give it a try. Worst item ever! We used it at a local lake as a trial run and just setting this thing up took over 30 min. The knots do not hold, the poles are so flimsy and do not stand well on harder sand and a slight breeze would knock them down. 4 Poles are definitely needed to even keep this thing afloat and stronger ones with spikes would be nice for security. I also found this item to be very overpriced for a 5 foot piece of stretchy fabric and flimsy aluminum poles. If the price was cut in half it may be worth the hassle but even that would be questionable.
Very disappointed in this product. Put in on my belt and it will not stay closed. For the price, not worth sending back. Going to look for different pouch.
Soft material and stretches. However zipper design for belt closure is terrible. Its hard to put together and zip, it locks...however if the tab lift out of lock position the belt separates and belt will fall off. Tried several times and finally zipper came undone from bottom after fully zipped and now its useless. I gave up trying to make it work. If were redesigned maybe I'd give it another shot.... but the thought of having my phone in there while running - NO way...don't trust it. If you take off the zipper and sew it closed, then the only way to put it on is over your feet and pulling it up.... but I don't sew and not worth effort for me. Good fabric from initial observation but bad design makes this a fail in my opinion.
We purchased the sunglasses straps for a vacation in Peru. They have already fallen apart, won't stay on earpieces and the neoprene has separated from the fabric.
Despite the poor reviews on this item, I took a chance. My mistake. After only about 10 loads of laundry, one of the rollers completely broke apart. I've attached pictures. I consider myself an expert DIYer (I've done everything from tile and hardwood flooring to electrical to a car engine head gasket replacement) and I properly installed the rollers - I replaced the rollers on this dryer once before and got about 7 years of steady use until I replaced them with this set. After only about 5 loads, the rollers started clunking. I knew what was happening and after about 10 loads, the clunking was so bad that damage to other components would have occurred if I didn't replace the rollers again. See attached photos and steer clear of this item.
Submerged the light in less than a foot of water for a few seconds and it died. The conductor inside also fell out on the first day of use.
didn't stick to my disc sander. which makes it pointless to have
just got speaker wire needed to strip, this just doesnt do it
This product is a wast of time don't buy it. The sound quality is very poor. There is so much base that the whole audio portion is completely distorted. There isn't any way to adjust the base. I've tried everything that I can think of to try and get it where it's acceptable. It sounds like I'm listening to someone playing thumping music next door.
Not a fan. Left in for nearly 20 minutes on wet hair. Combed through as directions state. Applied even amount throughout and the result is uneven patches of a pale pink only in the right light. Bummer
I really wish people wouldn't treat these vinyl reviews as album reviews. This vinyl is cheaply pressed. More was spent on the ink on the gatefold for sure. Small octave variances mostly unnoticeable but due to very warped pressing. This is factory warp. It was done cheaply and cooled quickly. If you have to have it on plastic go for it. If you're looking to build a quality music collection on quality vinyl this will disappoint.
The head of the axe was forced on, splitting the wood on the handle, and after a handful of good swings the head is LOOSE already. for the price it was a MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. Way overpriced for the quality of axe you're getting.
You can not watch this app unless you have cable. I live in a place where we do not have it. Didn't learn that until it was downloaded.
BEWARE DO NOT BUY!!! I bought this and after 3 months of messaging the seller and amazon dozens of times, it took forever to get a refund because they either never sent the fridge or it was delayed several weeks without notice. Who knows, I just know the seller would not contact me!!
Amazon said it was delivered but I just realized that I never received it.
This flashlight never worked no matter how many new batteries I tried.
I was sold a DVD that was out of my country code! Now I'm 60 years old and have been buying DVD's online a long time - I never knew about is code! So a DVD from another country has a code that is different from the US and the result is it won't play on my DVD. Solution: buy an expensive DVD or Amazon put a warning with every DVD THAT IS NOT from the US, so dumb people like me won't order it!!!!! And of course I can't send it back!! Guess I have to start going to Walmart for my DVD's.
I bought 2 of these pillows. They are not "Self Pump Up Without Blowing". You have to take out both plugs, blow it up and hope you can get the last plug in the hole before it deflates. Disappointing.
I guess I expected more out of the quality of this item coming from CRKT. Seems more like something you'd buy from harbor freight for half the price. US company, but made in China! What a shame. Want to return, but it's gonna cost me almost $6 to return a $25 item. Almost not worth the effort. Guess that's the downfall of purchasing online. Can't actually inspect the quality of an item prior to buying it. Now I know better.
Cannot use, doesn't work
I've never gotten a grip I didn't like till this one and I love Vulcan but this one came with some kind of smooth shiny film on top of the grip and when try to peel it off destroys the grip it's awful never again
Didnt recieve package
They were to small, not what I was looking for!!
Arrived dirty. Was previously used and gross.
I ordered a knife and this is what I got. I guess the joke is on me. And it says the item I ordered can't be returned. So obviously something is going on. This was a waste!
EMPTY CASE THIS IS A EMPTY BOX, IT HAS NO TOOLS
My 5 year old son bought this.. would like to know how to get a refund?
This is a horrible skate bag. Does not fit my seven-year-old skates it's so small would not recommend!
That's not my need. Disappointed. To be truth, rubbish! Not the best. This made me angry. Never use Again.
Did not stay in my ear. Sent them back.
I would have given a zero if possible. The item came broken, I contacted them and they asked us to return the item. We did; it was a bit costly because it was China. We never did get a refund. so it was a complete lost of money.
Does not work. 2016 F150, and 2018 Navigator.
I ordered 11 or 12 cds...will NEVER order them again.
too bunchy inside of shoes or boots, did not warm my toes at all. like putting a beer koozie on your toes. i returned them immediately,
The product would not function and surprisingly the return window closed one month after receipt
Ratchet was missing.
Nice but didn't work
This item is a FAKE! I won't name the seller, but it was "fulfilled by Amazon" but when I went through the process to return the item the seller's name was provided. The lid is extremely difficult to screw on, the suction isn't correct--this is nothing like my other Hydro Flask lid on my wife's Hydro Flask. The item I received is hard molded plastic, very slick and the molding is off. Save yourself some heartache and move along because you'll just be pissed off as it takes you a minute or so just to screw it on your Hydro Flask. I hope Amazon cracks down on these fakes and removes them from the system.
I placed batteries in the penlight. One hour after my leg was burning through my pocket and it was the penlight heating up. I threw it away. I could have sustained a serious burn off of this defective product.
It won't let me record how you rec.
Dvd came brand new in unopened seal; however, the disc was smudged and i cant get it to play. It freezes frequently and wont play. Dissapointed.
Wayy smaller then expected. Did not stick. Looked like a fun house mirror
Didn't know it was for the UK
These seemed great when we received them, they fit well and we're comfortable, however, after only a few washes the edges completely unraveled on every pair! Very disappointed in the brand.
Love star wars but this episode was dark, no fun at all and depressing.
Received this today and really wanted to like it. If the picture quality didn't have some serious issues I'd be very happy with the purchase. As you can see in the pictures, there is a big line of white light on the right of the picture. This is visible at all times, even in very dark movies. At the top middle of the screen there is some sort of issue with the lens where it has a rainbow looking spot. This is on the bulb or lens because the spot remains in the same spot even as you rotate the focuser.
I like the page turning buttons but other than that I prefer the paper white. Don't enjoy the feel in my hand. I feel like I am about to drop it all the time - its a little slippery. But by far the worst feature is the battery life. I sent my first one back after trying to trouble shoot with tech support thinking it was deficient. "Weeks of charge" are promised. Nope- it loses about 10% every 75 minutes. I am thinking I will send this back to and go back to the paper white
This was supposed to be a two pack, but I only received one splash guard.
The quality of the product was very poor, I had to change many surfaces, they were mostly crooked.
The screw fell out on first use cheap made.
Doesn't vibrate at all. Does not resemble an authentic Clarisonic brush head...I'm assuming it's defective which is why it was sold here. I should have known better and bought directly through Ulta. Will be returning for a full refund.
I sent these as a gift to a honey bun lover, and they were expired within days of receiving. I run into this issue often when I buy food from amazon. Very frustrating!
Would give this app 0 stars if that was an option. Dont waste your time with this.
Did not receive product. What are my options.
nice product & good quality. the only reason I gave 1 star is that I ordered a brush chrome not CHROME just like they send me.
Deep color for sure, but the smell was really bad.
This lamp was not worth the money. I ended up getting rid of it.
the description is wrong it says 3 pack and you only get one
Far too small, and made of poor material. Arrived partially tore at the seam, and tore the rest of the way putting on the first time.
Dont waste your time. I spend almost 45 minutes trying set up an account with no luck!
Its a lot thinner material than what I was hoping for, I didn't like the quality, basically for double the price your purchasing clothing no different than what you will find at walmart.
USB was functional but the included key had been excluded by Microsoft
The box was taped shut and the stick had tracks marking that it was clearly a used product. I'm really bummed because it smells amazing and I was really excited to use it.
I ordered these in hopes of finding a source for replacement Juliet lenses, since original Oakley lenses are nearly impossible to find. Upon Installation, I discovered that both lenses are sized incorrectly, leaving gaps around the frame. One is worse than the other to the point that it easily pops out even with the frame tightened down. I compared them with the original Oakley lenses I was replacing, and confirmed that they are significantly smaller.
Only one of the flash lights worked. I would not order this product again
It broke after the second use and it was too light .
Your phone is heavy and the mount is cheap plastic. If you enjoy your phone constantly moving after every bump then you like this. I did not. If it stayed put it would be fine.
The program came to a crawl for a long time and now it won't even start up. I'm done with Quicken and their forced updates.
The seller didn't take any responsibility for the product
I wanted to like these but I was unable to. The material is rough and uncomfortable, despite the print stating that it is made of 95% cotton and 5% spandex in Pakistan. Also, I found these boxer briefs to be proportioned awkwardly, as the package was too snug despite the band fitting nicely, even wearing a size XL. Strangely, the interior of the boxers seems rougher than the exterior.
Fresh out the box these things are great and comfortable. Worked great for about a month, then the right ear went out and the next day stopped working all together.
These bits cut nice but they are fragile. I bought my first one a few weeks ago. I made several cuts with it but the bit ended up breaking at the shank. I summed that up to a machine malfunction and purchased another one. I started making my first pass with it and about 6 inches in a chip of aluminum got stuck in the flute so I stopped the machine to clear the obstruction. Once again the bit snapped off at the shank and I wasn't even cutting anything. I'll definitely be switching to a different brand. $40 in bits wasted cutting a $20 part.
This CD won't play on a Windows PC - it's like the CD is blank (other Rhino CDs play just fine). Told the supplier to send a refund instead of wasting another two months trying to get a "good" one. Beware!
The chain keeps coming off won't stay on.
I've been waiting for this and have been really excited about receiving it. I opened it today and there is a slice down the cover of the album. Extremely disappointing.
Did not include chicka my son was very disappointed
Didn't find entertainment for me
I wish I could leave zero stars. The product key was not recognized by Microsoft. Extremely sketchy. I only by items on Amazon if they are Prime...but it looks like I will need to be even more careful going forward. Very disappointed and will be watching daily for my money to be returned.
Very very cheap. Had to buy new ones and apparently I can't return them.
Not compatible with my Walkie
I would give a ZERO if i could! Never received item. Poor communication from seller. I won't order from this seller again.
Nothing because it's not free. I pay enough to watch TV already
I remember looking at this product but don't remember ordering it! When did i?
I have never received my product
It supposedly identifies issues but does not do anything--even a limited or temp cleaning to show it works--until you pay for it. You're kidding right?
Now, 4 months later, my unit has stopped working. Trying to figure who will replace it for me.
This was the worst movie in the Thor series I've ever seen. Lousy plot like the writer was tripping on drugs. Thor refers to himself as a god. Blasphemy. I threw it in the trash.
Was needing information for hurricane Mike and info sucks I thought
Do not recommend, especially for my gas stove, liners catch fire from flame
leaks leaks leaks, like others it is very poor in quality and tolerance, another throw away valve
I order this Saturday, paid for two day shipping and didn't arrive on Monday like it was supposed to. Very disappointed because never got it.
The attachment didn't work and was unable to get it replaced
Hard to get the battery pack open and broke almost immediately. The screw fell out into my tire and made such a loud noise I thought my tire popped.
Not worth the money and doesn't work.
They kept sliding off. The strap didn't attach to velcro. Very cheap.
Stitching around openings breaks when stretched to put on over head.
Got these for my daughter hoping shed be excited but the glass flavoring was awful and the filling as well. So bad I couldn't finish it. Threw it on the trash
The main pivot bar that provides the leverage to insert the rivet nut broke upon 4th use. Do not purchase.
recieved my prime pantry box and almost everything was packaged well EXCEPT this! It had leaked everywhere AND ruined my toilet paper. Amazon you should make this right and replace my toliet paper and my detergent because im probably going to cancel my prime pantry membership since this was my first time.
Terrible design. How this ever made it into production is mind blowing. If you buy this, there is a zipper that makes the bag that the sleeping bag comes in about 5% smaller. The trade off for this is the protective bag will only work until you remove the sleeping bag for the first time. It will not go back on unless you leave it unzipped. So basically it will just catch, rip, and scratch everything for no reason. Once removed the zipper (which is the size strength and quality of a 4 year olds Chinese made sweat shirt) will no longer be able to be re zipped. It either binds on the material, or unzips itself when any amount of tension is put on it. If it's zipped before you attempt to put it over the bag it just unzips itself. Big fail Coleman. Absolutely terrible. Buyer beware.
I do not like FB messenger. Prefer having to send a message the previous FB method. Too many unnecessary bells and whistles. Had to give one star just to submit review.
I did not purchase this, so it is very hard to rate.
The ads are ridiculous. We can't leave a screen because every second an ad is playing.
The wrong item was sent. The seller refunded quickly. Bud sadly i cannot give a good review of the tools, as i never got them.
This unit is difficult to handle when checking a button battery, and it does not give meaningful power readings. I tested several new, out of the box, hearing aid button batteries, and each tested less than 1/2 of the factory specs. I went to the hearing aid center, who checked the same batteries, and they all tested the correct 1.5 factory ratings. The AA and AAA ran about the same variance.
Initially this worked perfectly. Did what its supposed to do and helped me network a clients office. Now after only a month it's dead. New batteries and nothing. Now on site and need to run out and buy one of quality which I should have done to begin with. If you need something reliable, I'd probably opt for something a little better, if you only need it to work for a project or two, this could work for you.
I would love these if they were what I had received, but they aren't. Instead I received two pairs of two different brands, neither of them polarized. I returned them once, saying I had received incorrect items, and the same two pairs arrived again. I have given up. I should have known the price was too good to be true.
I've purchased the same game twice today trying to activate and download on my Steam account. Each time I entered the game code on my steam account, I was told that the game had already been activated by another Steam account. Be wary, luckily I was able to get a refund from Amazon, but others may not be so fortunate. I will purchase my game from Steam Store, its more reliable.
3 days and hammer hoop already fell apart
ordered card for holiday meals still waiting
Not a flavor I would recommend
Works but dont get too hot. Has a hard time shrinking heat shrink lol no b.s.
Easy to store; easy to heat in a hurry; but tastes very salty because it has enough sodium (salt) to "kill the proverbial elephant"!
The pigment bar is an absolutely waste of money and offers no result. I would definitely NOT recommend nor purchase again.
The pillow does not stay inflated. I was able to use it twice before it starting losing air during the night.
Zipper failed within one week of use or about 10 times being opened and closed
The magnet of the product is malfunctioning
System not allowing UPDATE to happen..sad
Alot of bullshit they take you through just to return the items
Do not buy this product. First the strap that goes under your boot loosens as you walk. When I tried to tighten the strap the buckle broke. The gaiters fell down around my ankles as I walked. There was not a tight enough fit to keep snow from coming in. Very cheaply made with inferior materials.
Won't even download to see if it is worth while.
Well the product was emptied into the shipping box because the bottle cracked on the bottom. I will be returning this and getting my money back. I'll just purchase this product from my Hair dresser.
The recipe called for a tablespoon of salt. The final product was so salty that it could not be eaten and had to be tossed. They probably meant a teaspoon, but I will never know because I will not buy it again after spending $20, tossing it out after making it, and having to order take out.
I believe I got some defective pieces. 1 light is working as expected. it turns off when it gets another source of light. Another three lights are keeps on all the time.
this thing is horrible. doesn't keep the bike covered, any slight pick up in wind speed and its all over the place. It's flimsy and cheap. Hate It
I'm sorry to say that this product did nothing for my skin. It doesn't work to decrease wrinkles, etc. I would not purchase again. Seems to have been a waste of my time and money.
I've been waiting about 7 weeks and never received the item I paid for
I bought this for my sister, not once but twice! She thought she had lost the first one (along with a $150 FitBit Alta HR), even though it was tight enough on her arm that it could not have slipped off. So we ordered another one, and 32 days later (just past Amazon's 30-day return policy!), the new one broke. It appears that there's one section where the pieces were glued together. So do yourself a favor and buy another band. This is from my sister (who is more generous in spirit than me): This Alta Fitbit band is beautiful but unfortunately it only lasted just a few days after Amazon's return policy expired. The black rubber portion of the band pulled away from the section where it was connected. My guess is that it may have been glued to this section. I am hoping this is the only one that had such a defect and that all the others do not have this problem because it really is a beautiful band.
Received product was used and broken, also once I opened box whole thing was very flimsy. Don't waste your money and time on this item.
Paid for pay per view match online, they took money off my card, then when I came to watch event on my fire stick app, they told me I had not purchased it!
Feels like they were made for children.
defective and amazon would not replace it
Item was great when it arrived. I played with the light a while and then put the battery to charge so it would be ready for my dive the next day. Next day, put the battery back in the light and it won't turn on. I have tried several times and it just won't work anymore. I really wish it would turn back on because it was really bright when I was first playing around with it.
We purchased this boat to take up north with our boys. The boat inflated fine, however the oars were not included in the boat as the description said. How do we get the oars as described in our purchase? Also, we tied a rope to the front of the boat to pull the boys and the rope broke off. The description also had stated that the boat could be pulled. Please correct this. Thank you
Can I get my money back? It doesn't work on a kindle fire.
Worst app ever. Constantly freezes. Shows won't load. And crashes and exits way too often to be of any use. Not worth the aggravation.
It keeps me warm in the cold warehouse but what I don't like is that I barely wear it once then the threading rips by the nose area where it covered your mouth. Will definitely not buy again. Cheaply threaded. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
They deliberately sent me the wrong item.
STILL NO CODE!!! THIS IS FRAUD!!!!!
Not even 4 months of use and the sound cuts in and out. It doesn't go silent, the sound gets flat and quiet. This goes in and out constantly. Changed optic cord, powered off and on, etc. nothing has worked. Looking into replacing this.
These bits are cheap and the diameter of the shaft is a hair small. Fell right out of my collar that was locked tight. Ruined the template guide, the template, and the work. Spend the money on better bits.
Items were not delivered. US Postal said boxes too heavy. Why do you use USPS? Why do they accept your shipments?
Unable to get signed in. Required a business name and since I am a private, single foster parent I have no business name. Very disappointing.
They were small for a size large, lasted one day and were destroyed, the stitching came out of the fingers
send wrong head... to late to return or exchange... I will not order anything from this company again... and I am carefully reviewing all my purchases on Amazon since the return time closes so quickly!
It stopped working after 6 weeks.
Don't bother, it's mainly just bad video stock with lo-fi music.
Battery does not last at all and when it dies it stops suddenly. Very dangerous
First of all, I love my cordless Dremel. But these batteries are terrible. The life is just pathetic. The two batteries I won are not enough to do much of anything. I call on Dremel to make a longer lasting battery, these are just simply sad.
Like I said in my review of the Bose Soundlink, it loses connection to the internet way to often. I can have this app open on my phone standing three feet from the wireless router, and even though my phone is receiving via wireless, this App is unable to find a wireless signal nor find the speaker that is also 3 feet away.
Horrible! Whatever brand this is, is not worth the savings from the usual brand I have purchased for years. I don't even wear these the full 6-8 hours (maybe 5 at most) and half the time they rip as I pull them off my sock, spilling the black powder everywhere. The adhesive is gummy and sticks to your sock material, probably because it is cheap, and leaves adhesive and the plastic toe warmer casing on the sock. I doubt it will ever come off. Please do not buy these. I've used this product, different company, for many years, every winter and have never had this issue. Buy the name brand.
A friend told me to try this product that it was great, I did not find it to be great at all. My hair is very thick, wavy, and long and I blow it out often. I need a product that moisturizes, and keeps my hair calm, and free of frizz. This product did not fit my needs.
The stitching has gaps in it where the material is not sewn together. Only a few miles (3) and seat is coming apart. I don't think you'll do anything about this or even post it, but just had to try.
Purchased Pinnacle Studio 22. It downloaded successfully, but will not run. Contacted manufacturer who said someone would contact me, but never happened. Amazon is no help they say contact the manufacturer and no refund. This is not customer service from either!!!
The movie was supposed to include theatrical trailer, and subtitles. I am hard of hearing and this dvd had neither! Please take this movie back!!
I did not get nor did I ever use this app
Way too small and cheap quality.
One bottle opened and got liquid in my whole box
My bad experience with this First of all let me say it was not the seller's fault I purchased this projector for myself, unfortunately I either got a lemon or a factory reject. I was quite disappointed and head 4 problems with it. The first one was the programming and not being able to adjust the picture. They have standard, user and dynamic mode for the picture, The only time that you could adjust contrast, brightness, color or Sharpness was in user mode only, and you could not adjust the Hue, The second problem I had were the color of the people, The white people had a green hue to them, and the black people had an orange hue to them. Or if the guy was wearing a black suit you could see the lapels his jacket. The third problem I had was the color of the picture itself, during a semi dark scenes you could not see any of the actors in the room unless they smiled or more moved in front of a window or light in the room. if someone had a white lab coat on the picture was so bright you could only see their head or their hands and maybe their legs until they moved into a darker Room. if you were watching sports you could not watch a hockey game because the color was so bright everyone faded away and you couldn't see the puck at all, it was as if it didn't have color correction lake on most TVs. the last problem that I had was the focus, it always seemed a little blurry even though the focus was at maximum to the left and it really needed to go at least another 1/8 or 1/4 turn to get True clarity and if you watched it for too long like that you would get sick. After my experience I probably would not recommend or buy another one like this , the old saying is True you get what you payed for. But that's just me. PS I do have to say the seller was gracious enough to give me a full refund and did so very quickly
Never received item. Dont order from this thieving con artist!
The batteries were to be used in my Black and Becker stick vacuum which I have had for many years and like very much. I have replaced the batteries once before and had no problem but this time when I received my batteries they were larger than the originals even though they were supposed to be a match.
Absolutely terrible. Glitchy, hard to operate, slow, awful. Doesn't work most of the time. Stay away!
This does not work at all very disappointed it heats but nothing no straightening
Did not like the UI.
Collapsible yes - but doesn't stay up. It renders the cup unusable. It was a waste of $$.
I have bought two of these previously and both have broken within 12 months. It does the job it is supposed to bot the quality is so bad it will not last. Sorry to say, this was an item I was thrilled to receive at first, but now, I will not buy another.
I never got the magazine...my son kept waiting. I contacted amazon who contacted the company. They are now refunding me but my son really would have loved to have gotten the magazine. The magazine is actually good...we had a subscription before.
These were way too tight to use easily and when I tried to turn the adjustment screw it appeared to be soldered and would not turn. Amazon was great and gave me a refund.
Do not buy. Used it once and it stopped working.
The frame looks sturdy and easy to set up. Problem is with the canopy. Extremely cheap, no UV protection lining and tied to the frame instead of sewn and reinforced. Mine arrived with a hole in the canopy (hole in the box too so may have been damaged in transit.) Return process was very easy.
The author makes interesting points/theories but then tells a long-winded story (based on real life events) that intentionally omits certain facts to make the story sound better and fit the proposed theory. I have actually read similar stories that interpreted the facts to reach different points/theories. I felt like there were some credibility issues with this book. Also, I read/listened to the book because i was hoping i could learn some concrete tools that i could use to replace my bad habits with goods habits. I did not find those tools in this book.
I should have read the comments and reviews first before I bought this... I already know its a scam so at least I wont be dissapointed when it arrives.
Made in Thailand . Can't make jell fruit cups in u.s. ?
By day 2 the pillow would no longer stay inflated. Ended up using a hoodie for a pillow.
App is free but it constantly disconnects and won't open shows. The app is horrible.
Never received and couldn't get a refund.
Made 2 orders that's 4 stickers... only 1 was right.
The side zipper broke the first time I set it up. It's incredibly disappointing that I can't even zip up the side completely, before my dog has even given it a true test. Not sure if it's bad material for the zippers, or this company just sends out defective items without inspecting. I'd recommend that you spend the money to get a product that has quality zippers...
I never received anything in my email from you. You say sent to email but I click on contact seller and I get an error message. This is the only way for me to contact you so o do expect my 21.99 returned to me since I got nothing.
Item.didnt arrive so pls be careful. Of buying this item with them
Chairs are absolute junk. One of the straps wasn't even attached. Not worth what you pay. Sending mine back.
It took me 15 min just to try and get it on bc there is no give too it... had to sit on floor while my husband had to pull it off me bc i couldnt get it to budge thought i was going to have to cut it off...bought the S-M im 140lbs i wear a small/ medium in clothes.
I can't believe Tommy Bahama would allow his name to be used on this stuff !! If there was a 1/2 star I would choose it. And of course it can't be returned as it is flammable.
They were not what we expected they dont do what they are supposed to do.
Very small not satisfied
I love this water but the delivery never came. I had to get a refund.
poor sizing fit to lose they bend to easily not worth the price made to cheaply get a different brand name!!
They are too big for a Yeti. Not worth your money.
I couldn't get it to work and 2 emails to support got no response after 5 days.
I must be an idiot. Terrible item. Didn't like it. Just OK. Awkward, poorly designed. Not very attractive.
First time i charged, the light turned on and would not shut off. I took off charger and it still would not shut off. Returning it now. Super disappointed.
The TV was great for the first year and then died. Bummer
Poorly made. The prongs are uneven and difficult to spread or close a strong snap ring. These tools are useless to an automotive mechanic.
Light started flickering after a couple minuets, won't stay on
Received a replacement band for an Apple Watch not for my Fitbit blaze. Completely unusable for a Fitbit.
One of the dvds came scratched. It said new when I purchased it. It came in shrink wrap like if it was repackaged and sold again. This is the third time this happened with this company. It says it's new but its actually used and resold as new. Not happy!
These grips are not as cushiony as advertised, they feel just like any other rubber grip plus it is a bit of a pain to install.Not worth the money I spent. If you want silicone grips just get the cheap generic ones.
Was the wrong type cover for my Kindle Fire.
I have order this item like 4 times and they keep sending me the one with the strap I want the old school rope 😡
Not able to rate the product as we paid for it and never received it. And the seller is not responding to emails. Buyer beware.
To warm my husband feet.But they never heated up at all.Very disappointed
This was purchased as a Christmas present this past Christmas. It has only lasted 4 months and the person who received it said it made a noise and then it stopped working. Now it will only work if it's plugged in which defeats the purpose of this in the first place. Don't waste your money!
the presentation of the nose ring looks good however it is hard to put and difficult to move around; I have to stretch it out to take off.........its in the garbage.
It is just waste of money, after using few times with same company's conditioners my hair are shine less, lifeless, dry and damaged, this product is either fake or even if original it is so bad and damaging to hair.would never recommend.
Bad product does not work as it says
not the real thing, came with a broken top and have tried to use it for the last 2 months and it's not the same formula I have been using for many years now- thanks AMazon for selling me fake hair product that I am stuck with and can not return. Lesson learned.
I've purchased this product on a few occasions, and the spool that holds the wire have come to me in broken condition, although I've been able to use the wire and deal with the broken spool, I've finally come to open one, and found it to be completely un usable, the entire side of the spool had been broken off, I have some photos of a couple of them and would like to have them replaced, please advise
Inside is completely broken, very disappointed in delivery!! 😖 I wanted this beautiful tribute as a keepsake and it is a mess inside!!
I too had a problem with the coupler on the high side hose. I attached the coupler to my AC line and found it became stuck and I was unable to remove it after trying with much force. Eventually I pulled it off, but the line in my car became damaged requiring hundreds of dollars to repair. I am deeply dissatisfied with this product and I wish I could receive compensation for the damage it has caused.
I bought this accessories kit along with the Rotary machine in place of Dremel tool because of some Of the reviews said it was “as good or even better than Dremel but less.” Well it is a lot less money and you know the saying! You pay for what you get! It's smaller, doesn't have the power, the assessories are cheap!
IT SAYS IT COME LAST FRIDAY DID NOT GET IT
Do not buy, does not work in USA DVD players, sellers will not respond or refund your money.
When these arrived, they were crumbled into tiny pieces. You could not even tell they were a cracker.
I purchased three bottles and all three tasted sour like it is old. I find it convenient that the expiration date had been smeared so you can't read it, on all three bottles.
Unboxed the player plugged everything up and come to find out that the remote doesn't work? I've changed batteries and it's still not working. Not sure if there's a way to sync up the remote to the player but I can't even set up the blue ray because the player has no other buttons on the player besides the power and eject buttons.
Started off good . The very strange gay love part was a turn off . It started interesting with men fighting against British then went into some really weird prison gay stuff
No good at all damage no good
The product stopped work connecting to any computer, there are files in the watch, but I used several different USB cables and the different computer, but I can't get the files out.
Piece of junk. Won't stay lit to light a cigarette
The game will not open
This is not what I wanted and will not pay for it. I wanted the disk to go with the desktop I purchased
Damaged in shipping never received, refunded without asking
I could not send a video to friend. I Sent a video but the recipient could not view it. Not good.
Ordered sobe water nit vitamin water..this has happened a few times .dont always get what you think your getting
I do not like that every time I order it the price keeps going up I started with the first set at $189 and the second set was 199 and I looked now because I need another set it's 229 I don't think so . I use them to hold ceramics
The pedal threads stripped after not even two hours of use.
Lost air due to hole in mattress.
Read the comments suggesting to buy one size bigger but i should have bought 2-3 sizes bigger! I'm a typical small so i bought the medium... it for my 9 yr old son.
Scammers used an Amazon number. Don't buy gift cards online! Cannot trust it
Item arrived on time, but completely non-working. I opened the chassis and found none of the wires were soldered to the circuit board. So it's not broken, it was just never assembled. Poor quality doesn't begin to describe this.
When I opened the box there was some of the mask oozing out the top of the cap, there was a silver foil over the opening but it had been opened before. Will not buy anything from this company PCA Skin again. I am skeptical if the product is authentic. Did not smell what is used when I get facials.
Ordered and received, it was broken. Returned and reordered again. Received quickly but was broken. I think it just doesn't ship well.
Don't bother with this. It may be free but it's far far far from accurate
New tire in plastic bag. Sidewall defective. Immediately noticeable as I started to mount on rim. BIG disappointment, losing riding time. This is supposed to be a premium tire! Interestingly, the second tire I ordered came in a separate shipment and was in a Continental OEM box. It was definitely a superior tire --ithe better quality was immediately noticeable! The replacement tire I ordered from Amazon came in an OEM Continental box and is of good quality. What happened Amazon?
Not very good. Did not meet my expectations. The worst experience. Would give it no stars if I could !!! Not high quality. Not what i expected wanted.
Despite being on the phone with Amazon Help and being hung up on twice, it would not sync. We are returning the first Echo Sub and awaiting the new one to arrive. Hopefully we will have better luck with the second one.
I can't really rate this product as it was ordered by mistake.
Ordered blue got a white one. So picked color for no reason. but seems to work ok.
Although I love this product and have used it many times in the past, this particular can of hairspray was dented and not a full can of product.
I cut maybe 24in of 18/20 ga sheet metal and the blade is now it is dull and wont cut anymore.
Don't buy this Tv too many problems from the start
I don't often write reviews, but I feel as this warrants one. The first few times I purchased this product (several mounth ago) 90% of the peices were nice and useable. I repurchased two orders last week and what showed up was not the same product, most peices do not meet size description and the majority of both orders are almost useless for pen turning.
I would have liked to have received the product so I could rate it properly, however my package was delivered incorrectly to somewhere other than the address I supplied while I was in my home waiting for it.
Couldn't get it to work on my Kindle Fire
They want to nickel and dime you for everything! If you don't purchase check in a bag you can not check in for your flight online and have to check in at the airport where they will verify you are not trying to sneak on a carry on bag. Check in process at the airport is ridiculous! Staff prior to boarding was rude and unfriendly is an understatement. I will never fly them again.
The first time I attempted to put water in the bladder it came streaming out of the lower left corner where the seam was not sealed correctly.
Never received any documentation. Contacted the seller twice with no response, so I canceled the plan.
When it arrived it was bent and it skips constantly
For July and August I received the same samples back to back . I thought they were suppose to be different every month.. it makes me not want to purchase any more boxes for next month and so on if I'm going to keep getting repeated samples when they are suppose to new and different every month
Completely soaked,.falling apart
Boots didn't fit, sent them back, they refused to give me a refund and didn't get boots back either
my kid barely used it, does not ride well at all
You have to open and take something out for it to work. It takes 3 watch style batteries which are in it and I didn't feel safe giving it as a party favor like I planned.
So light weight feels like I don't have any moisturizer on. Not a fan. Maybe I'm just used to lotion but this does nothing to moisturize. Won't purchase again.
It's lovely but there is a loud BING every 8 beats. It is very distracting and I could not keep it.
I gave this a whirl but my hair became gummy and had to finish up the shampoo with Ultra Swim, Since then I found out about Matrix Total Results which works a ton better,
DIRTY TRICK... I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING TWO LARGE PIZZAS AND ALL I GOT WAS A MINITURE PIZZA. NOT ENOUGH FOR MY SMALL DOG TO EAT.
Lasted a month and now cannot hold a charge
It's really bad. Poor product! Junk. Don't bother! Absolute trash. Waste of my time. Very disappointed, as I was expecting a high quality product. I am not happy leaving a negative review, but it is my honest review, I won't lie.
We order this milk for the Backpack Buddies Program. As we were cleaning out the closet today, we noticed that the milk that we ordered in May 2019 expired in May 2019. I wish I could return it!
Don't buy this item, the chuck does not work like it should, I used it with a bit and the bit is stuck in the chuck and will not come out. It is a piece of garbage, hard to believe this is a dewalt item, they usually have better products than this. So now I have two useless tools, the quick connect chuck and the item stuck in the chuck.
Not waterproof and bleeds on your eyelid.
Awful- didn't hold the charge.
I AM MISSING THE HANDLE CAP (PART # 40) ON ONE OF THE 2 REELS PURCHASED. WITHOUT THIS PART THE REEL IS USELESS. PLEASE ADVISE, SHOULD I RETURN ITEM OR , AS I PREFER, SIMPLY SEND ME THE MISSING PART.
Item is perfect, but i returned it. It was a gift and the person already had it. But the item is great.
Didn't even get the correct curling iron !!
I've returned and ordered this record 3 times and each time it's been completely scratched throughout every song, 3 separate records. I'm very upset at the quality because this is one of my favorite movies and the soundtrack is amazing but every time I've ordered the record it's been scratched and the center sticker on the records is cracked like they've been played already
It kind of bugs me, a bit tight on my head and face, but it works well.
Never received it....still waiting for my product! What a bummer.
Never could get it to show performances
stupid amazon wants you to buy additional programs inside the app OR subscribe to their ridiculous monthly service for open app access to kids.
It is terrible worst thing I've ever bought off amazon . It doesn't work it leaks consistently and I'm super mad that I just now opened it up and it's such a huge disappointment the pink one I purchased from another merchant is waaaay better ! Very disappointing
This thing only seems to be working well with very small pot or pan. the coil pattern is small. All heat is concentrated inside the small ring. The large circle is only for looks. It does not heat outside the small circle. And too much noise. And forget about using a small (6 inch) pan or pot on it because that does not work at all. All my cookware is induction ready.Would not recommend this to anybody!
Never received the product.
Disappointed that I ordered 2 cups and one was missing a lid and straw and they want to charge me to return it.
they took my money. It didn't let me download it. don't waste your money here. don't know if was amazon or adobe. but they stole my money. beware!
When they work, the cameras are great. BUT, they keep going offline-repeatedly. We got them to have security, not to feel stressed about whether or not they will go offline when we aren't home! We have tried using a wifi repeater to extend the range, they are all in range of the module, they are dry, and the batteries have been replaced several times... Everything is as it should be but they don't work like they are supposed to. Very disappointed. We were going to buy several more to cover all angles of the house, but now we are looking at spending our money on a different product.
Not good quality. I had a hard time getting the backing off with the decal staying on the clear part for transfer.
Ordered 8 bottles. No consideration was given to the expiration date. Fresh mayo is 6 to 9 months out. These barely 3 months. I'll wind up throwing out at least half. Won't use Amazon pantry again. Beware is expiration date matters expiration date
Product wall mounting includes 4 different sets and sizes of screws to mount the TV to the wall mount. Not a single one of those sets are the proper length or size to mount it properly without the tv having play or wobble room from the screws not being able to fasten down all the way to secure it!
Too many commercials. Uninstalled
Chairs came all scratched up the plastic around them was half peeled off
I loved playing this game but when I tried to play today it made me sign in and now it won't open the next challenge after I won the last. Please return it to the previous level. It was great and I had gotten to a very high level. Now I can't play.
Didn't even last 7months. Got 1.5 games done (1000 to 1500 counters) Small black piece at top snapped while doing a counter.
I paid but got zero bonus questions I am going to cancel
Worst Amazon purchase. Completely washed out coins
They sent the wrong item to me so do not buy this item from Amazon Amazon is it really bad to buy this item go to Lowe's go to Home Depot but don't go to Amazon they suck
This was too much trouble for what it was worth.
Although the hardware was OK, the rubber tip didn't last long.
The first one was dim (light not bright enough) and one of the panels sags. So I asked for a replacement, and they sent me one that's even more broken - an entire panel doesn't light up. I am disappointed in both the product and the customer service.
I never received it, someone must've taken it off of my porch
it was only 1 1/2 months using it till the shoulder strap ripped other then that it was great
Purchased these and 2 of the 4 had bad valve stems. I had them installed by a tire company and when they took them out of the package and tried to air them up two of the valve stems were torn at the seam. So I got to use two of the four that I originally purchased. I had the tire company purchase me two new ones that ended up being cheaper than these and they were guaranteed so if that happens they would be able to get me new ones at no additional costs. They said it happens even with new that you can get defective so use a company that stands behind the product they sell.
I received this unit in Nov. 2017 and it worked for 2.5 months and then stopped working. I replaced the batteries however, it still does not work. Unfortunately I have passed the return deadline so I am out of luck/money.
Just gives you access to still pay for viewing anything. Terrible app.
Works no better for me than off the shelf anything else.
Mine arrived in pieces and w/ no instructions as to how to use it!! Then, when I finally got it put together, the slide out lantern didn't work which was the main reason I bought it!! Batteries didn't last long & it turns out that new lithium batteries cost more than the flashlight did!! Very cheap materials & much smaller than they represented it to be. But, ladies, isn't that always the case?? Hmmm?
I ordered the gun case before Christmas. Upon opening on Christmas morning found the gun case cracked. I immediately ordered a second gun case to replace the Christmas present. It arrived several days later but it too was cracked. In both cases the shipping packaging was in good condition with no damage. Both gun cases were returned for full refund .l would not recommend buying.
This tablet worked great at first BUT the charging ports stop working. We have had 3 and all 3 have the same problem, they will only charge if you stand on your head while holding you tounge just right while crossing your finger and rubbing your rabbit's foot. This is a design flaw and its cheaper to buy a new one than have it fixed. Maybe they need to go with a different plug like a usb-c maybe. I would not recomend this tablet if you want it to work for more than 6 months.
These DO NOT cover the gap between the top of the glasses and your forehead. I purchased these for protection at work as I was splashed in the eye with an Hep C patient's blood over my other safety googles that were not meant for someone to wear glasses with. These do not meet my needs.
I received this product on time. The packaging was complete crap. The shipping box was smashed on one end and gapped open. The product box was open and parts were loose inside the shipping box. I charged the light for 24 hours and it would not come on. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
It arrived open and looked used! It is going back.
I wanted a DVD of this
I didn't like it at all. It doesnt do anything its like a regular soap. I was expecting more like the ones you see on TV that you can tell the difference immediately. I wouldn't buy it again.
Has little to no suction power. It is so light that it will constantly fall over while you are using the vac .A broom and dust pan works better than this product.
That's suck scissors!! Don't buy it!! Too thicker
The crack in this picture resulted after the travel mug tipped over on my counter top. The mug was not dropped, it just tipped... I had the mug for only two months before it broke. I bought this travel mug after noticing the metal travel mug I previously used left a strange aftertaste on my tea and coffee. While I can say this mug doesn't leave an aftertaste, it's extremely brittle. I think most other ceramic products could have survived tipping over. Note, if you plan to store this in a side pouch of a backpack, be aware the rubber grip around the mug will grip to the fabric of your backpack make storing this mug a fight. Also, the top to this mug is by no means water tight. Do not expect any seal. Last but not least, there is no warranty on this product for accidental damage like tipping over, so when this inevitably occurs, there's no forgiveness.
Considering the mattress is a twin the item is heavy. Unfortunately we did not end up using it right away so during our first use we realized that the air slowly releases. It's not significant but enough that causes the mattress to be unstable during the night. Unless i stay sleeping in the middle i feel like i will roll off on the left or right. The warranty is directly between the consumer & the manufacturer (Intex) and is for a very short period of time so be sure that you are completely happy with your purchase as soon as you receive it. Additionally, since it has a built in pillow, when you use a pillow, it's too high for my liking.
Its rubbish size is super small ripoff not worth it
It won't let me login or register. terrible.
Buggy. Won't allow a previously created itemized list to be modified. Customer support is minimal.
Box arrived extremely damaged. When product was opened it was missing front wheel. Never purchased a product for $150 before that arrived in this condition. Do not waste your money on this product!!!
Don't buy this product for your Makita, won't work in charger!
This is an awesome album, Lou Reed raw, i love the music. Album was warped and had finger marks all over it. Not expected for a brand new album. Not happy at all with purchase.
I was hoping for some Behind the Scenes reruns or something like that but it just had all the urban programing instead.
Better off buying them at the store. To expensive & not at all fresh!
Did not work with my iPhone 6s even after I downloaded the app. Did not want to connect with Bluetooth. I don't recommend this watch.
I have tried just about every brow product on the market. This one does not perform well. You need to press firmly to get color and then you have no control. I purchased this product because the video stated it has a sharpener to keep the tip sharp. It does have a sharpener but no matter what I did the product went on poorly. A complete wast of money. I have drug store products that work much better.
Great price, money thrown away. Worked once,
It doesn't really work. Wouldn't trust it. Didn't work at all. Would not use again! Pure rubbish! Not good at all.
This item was never delivered with my other items
Never ever ever again
1 only charged 1 time.
one broke right out of the package
I received my package without any glasses! I was interrogated as to why i was requesting a refund even after the company accepted my refund!. I also did not receive a full refund (only partial) despite returning the empty box with glasses case the same week i purchased them. Very disappointed
But I will NEVER buy from an add i can't click out of or play a game where the adds have an 'X' but take forever to naturally time out of allow you to click. I was enjoying this game. But the aggravation isn't worth it. I'd rather buy the game.
Product was used before it was sent to me. That sucks. Should be zero star option.
I used the board today for the first time and after using it for about an hour I noticed that the board started bending down the center off the board (width wise). Feels like the board has cracked in the inside and there is a noticeable crease on the top of the board.
Worked well for 3 months warming a small office then died. Wasn't even used daily. Go with a different product.
Do not use. It doesn't seems to be well worth the money I spent on it. Not what we were hoping for. Little value. Pure Junk. Quality of these is very poor.
I bought this item after seeing all those good reviews. The ui was very laggy. Netflix would not update. The remote was hard to operate. I had to press really hard on the buttons for it to work. I am returning it. Do not waste your time or money on this.
I bought this one specifically because there was no need to buy the battery, it comes with it. But when it arrived, there was no battery. So now I need to go buy a battery for the tool that I was not supposed to buy a battery for in the first place.
It did not fit my mower!
This description says you get 2, you only get 1!!
i thought i would get enough to try and see if i liked it. i received a small sample size bottle for $7.50 that was half empty!!! i did not get enough to cover my head. very very disappointing!!
I thought it was foolish he is too good an actor for such a part.
120 Quart cooler is pretty big. The picture shows 3 stainless hinges and the product I received TWICE only has 2. I do not believe that 2 hinges will keep the lid from warping or the seal required so I returned them. The price is good and the Amazon service was good, but the picture does not accurately reflect the product shipped.
Way fast filtering. Clogs at about 150 or less litres......lol, not 1500! So you will need to keep buying often if you filter much.
The item took twice the amount of time it said it would arrive to actually arrive. Once it arrived, they were melted together and were oily as a result. The oil gave them a repulsive taste that rendered the whole bag inedible. Since there's a no-return policy, it's impossible to get your money back too. If you really want Green Tea KitKats... Buy them from your local Asian Market instead.
The ad claimed it came with side walls, it didn't. I put water weights from and suggested by Amazon on the legs of the canopy and in one good storm it moved off the patio and the legs and frame bent... Not worth it if you want to enjoy it for a season.
I recieved a defective model and have not been able to get this monitor to connect. Sometimes it appears on bluetooth for a moment but can never hold a stable connection. Very disappointed.
These were just shell casings with plastic valve stem caps glued inside them. The glue used is poor quality and 2 of them have already came apart.
Battery life to short just 10 times of use and then didn't work any more
Worthless scam app. Not worth downloading even once. Just want your money.
More like toddler flashlight. The light is dim and weak. Defective product or half-ass manufacturing, IDK.
Wish I would have paid more attention they were as big as a half dollar, I thought they would be bigger to put on my pick up but I didn't feel like getting laughed at.
I kept trying to purchase the charcoal pullover, but received a light gray zip up hoodie. Tried to return & exchange for the right color, three times, and got the wrong item, three times, even after talking to customer support. Probably a fine hoodie but unsure if it's worth the headache :) Seems like other folks have had similar problems too.
Terrible. Broke after 2 weeks of use
Do NOT buy this DVD! I have purchased 3 and had to return 2 immediately! Should have been a sign. The third one worked 3 times and now does not work - the cords do not stay plugged in so it will not charge. Worst product I have bought on Amazon! Save your money - do NOT purchase!!!
It's not worth the price nor it's accurate!!
My wife bought this for her stainless steel hydroflask bottle and the rubber stretched out because you have to remove it when the bottle is washed or the water gets trapped under it and never dries and has an odor. Now the sleeve no longer fits and is unusable.
This saw is just a expensive plastic toy. The table top is not flat and in fact the stationary side and the sliding side actually slope down to the blade so your tile is pinched in the blade as you slide the tile through. This is not a tool that is made well and it just looks and feels like a plastic toy. Not worth the money in my opinion.
Not what I thought it was way to expensive for one shelf and the stuff to install from China. Very disappointed. Will not order from this place again.
To be clear, the charger might or might not work. But the seller did not give me the product I ordered. Instead, I got a single charger and half my money back. I would much have preferred the product I ordered than a bait and switch. So, from other sellers, I imagine like most of their products would perform as well as usual. I hate reviewing the product in a negative light, but I am hoping they fix their issues.
Awful! It's sad we can't get the real product. This is definitely a fake!
I absolutely did not like the fact that the shipping was the same amount as the product it made me think that it was just 20 something dollars not that plus another 20 something dollars. i guess i should have been more careful, but now when i return it, they are keeping 20 percent and i doubt they are going to refund the shipping so i lost about 30 dollars in this transaction or more for returning the product without using it or even opening it.
I used this light twice, and the support is already cracked and useless now. Very disappointed.
Never received book Seller never replied No instructions on how to use it
We received this and noticed disc #3 is a duplicate of disc #1. They sent us a replacement and it had the same issue. :( Now I get to send it back again.
Not a good app in any way
I hate this bar. I want to return it but I 1) can't find a package and 2) fear it may be too late. It doesn't come on with our TV sound and, well the sound, just stinks. The bass is distorted and the quality of sound is cheap.
The game won't open therefore leaving a 1star review
I bought two of these to use to go camping. A strap broke off the rivet on both of them. Do not buy.
This is a pretty Kindle cover, but it will not close completely around my 7th gen, Paperwhite. It pops open just a little, just enough to keep the device powered on. No good!
Did NOT get what I ordered , they sent a cheaper one that was only 10 mil and not 14 mil and when I wrote them to let them know they said that it was “all they had to send “ . UMM WTH , don't advertise what you don't have to sell .
Covered with oil - hard to remove; toxic? Khaki paint chips off. Looks terrible. I threw mine away.
First I have arthritis on both hands and it's hard to open this was the reason I got it just push the button to open and close but omg pain.Second the velcro lasted 2 weeks that's it
Have had this product for less than three months and have used it twice. Love it both times I used it. No leak, great suction and the magnet is awesome. However, the quick release has already broken right before heading on a long bike ride and the magnet has fallen off my bag as well. Thanks Osprey. Had to order extras of both and am lodging a complaint with the company. Currently looking for a temporary solution so we can still go riding today. Should have kept my Camelbak. Update: I contacted customer service requesting a replacement part. Over a month ago!!!! Haven't heard back. Don't buy this product. I wish I never had.
I properly installed and inflated, and the tube blew within minutes. I should have paid attention to other reviews that spoke of quality issues. I would score it a zero if I could. Waste of money and my time.
Pretty pricey, and honestly not as bright as I hoped. Also think I may have a defective battery, but will continue to monitor usage and brightness and update after a week or so. Update: customer service was great, they sent me a new battery and it is better than the one I suspected to be faulty. But, now the cable from the light itself will not stay connected to the battery (any of them) it just falls right out. So I'm sorry to say I can't recommend this light.
I purchased the wrong version (subscription instead of an install). I returned it immediately in its original packaging. I was refunded only the tax on the purchase. When I investigated, I was told the return package arrived damaged (it's a SUBSCRIPTION and was returned in its cardboard mailer... how can a subscription be damaged in the mail????) .. I was given a courtesy refund of HALF of what I paid. This makes no sense and is hardly what I'd call customer service... certainly nothing like what I've experienced with Amazon Prime for the years I have had a subscription.
I bought this so I could jog in the dark. But I find that the gray material which is supposed to be reflective isn't very reflective at all (also there isn't a lot of it). Basically this thing is just a green vest. In the dark, you'd be better off just wearing a white shirt.
If you put this battery and the OEM battery together and compare them you can easily see that this battery is larger in diameter. Even when I pushed hard and try to slide it in it would not make contact and was very difficult to get back out. Send it back to Amazon for refund.
I've ordered this product before with no problem, but this time the product is full of water!
Not very good tasting and not really good for you. 13 grams of sugar so you might want to think of these as akin to candy bars.
Didn't work..useless
still waiting on the product protection plan.
I know this is a great film and my husband purchased to show his film class. Sadly, the order never arrived, but we have received emails from the seller and Amazon that the item was successfully returned, which we never asked for. Therefore, I cannot give this seller a rating as the transaction was never completed.
I have been an avid Kate fan for over 30+ years, her music IS EVERYTHING, yet the materials/construction of this CD box set are abysmal! I haven't even played one album yet already the debut disc casing is ripped upon my attempt to extract the liner notes... seriously?! My only remaining hope is that the quality of the remastered versions are worth the exorbitant price of the less than stellar quality box set
I got a bunk pair. They were do cheap they were not worth returning. In threw them away.
Too small did not cover glasses as promised not made for both sexes as listed
Have only had 2 weeks and already rusted
The game wouldn't load, had to delete it
Runs small. Does not fit women's size 12.
I am posting this review of this box as a warning to anyone who might be considering buying this...DON'T! Too many issues with it. The first box I bought would not hold the wifi signal and kept dropping it. So complained about it to the seller and to their credit, they agreed to refund me AND in addition to me not posting a bad review on it, send me a replacement unit as well. However, this replacement unit is even WORSE! It keeps crashing and freezing no matter what I do. I reset the unit to factory default and it still did the same thing. I complained to the seller about this one as well and this time, they responded to me that maybe that I did not know how to use the unit and was overloading the memory! NOT the good customer service response I was expecting! But to be fair, since they did initially refund me and sent me a replacement unit so this second unit that is freezing and crashing is a free unit BUT it is useless since I can't use it at all. So buyer beware! I think this product is not a good one and has too many problems with it.
Can't even give this one star. It was shipped then sent back, then they told me it was out of stock. Sounds like a scam. If it was sent to me then returned, then what happened to the one that was returned?
When I unfolded the blanket sand came out. It is stained and smells like suntan lotion. Very disappointed with this experience! Returning.
never received it, how do you stay in business?
This item was never delivered. Although it says it was.
Terrible nasty flavor - Would not recommend!!!!
This did absolutely nothing. I even made sure I went one size down and purchased a medium.
I thought it was plastic not foam
You would think that the cap broke in shipment, but... it was shipped with no cap at all.... ruined not only this product but the other two it was shipped with.
I wish I could rate lower. Got this tent because I needed a cheap 1 man option, broke on the first night in the field. Aluminum poles snapped like celery sticks, trying to get my money back.
After about 100 miles, they started making a creaking sound, worse when pedaling harder.
Used it to break up rocks when digging in a rocky area, lasted maybe 16 hours before it stopped working. You get what you pay for with this.
Just purchased a couple months ago and it broke while I was swinging on it. Thank god I wasn't holding a toddler.
will not charge have tried my charger and my brothers
Product received damaged
Product damaged because of packing with heavy item's like liquid laundry detergent ECT.
Bought twice- as instructed to wash top shelve dishwasher, both melted after the one wash and were garbage.
I have purchased MS Office for Mac (2016 & 2019). Both times Amazon Screwed-Up the Licensing. I had to Call Microsoft Support to get the Office to Activate I will Never purchase Microsoft Office through Amazon again. I will only purchase Ms Office through Microsoft's Website.
I used to love this magazine 20 yrs ago; but now, it's MOSTLY ADS, for Stepford Wife crap, and the "advice" and recipes are completely lame and phoned in! Will not renew subscription! They need to get with the times!
Never got this D V D. And will let amazon no this is a bad vendor. if not received 7 days.
One glove dead on arrival - power light did not come on. Contacted company - no response? Sending back
These gloves are great for gripping, but I have to work in a grocery freezer and have found that they don't keep my hands that warm. It seems that once the coated exterior gets cold enough it transfers the cold to your hands.
These gloves are NOT a XL its more like a medium. People who have extra large hands also have longer fingers. The end of the gloves goes to the palm of the hands. How is that suppose to keep the hand warm and not frost bitten?
Mandrel is very thin and cheap
One of the two batteries never held a charge. The other one was fine for about 2 months. Now it won't hold a charge either. Very disappointed.
Don't know how it worked. Amazon said it was delivered, handed to neighbor, but I never received
Returned it because inside pocket lining was already ripped when I received it.
IT IS A BAD DISC WON'T PLAY ON MY SONY PLAYER.
This does not work in India, Amazon should have mentioned this during the ordering process. I bought it in US and now cannot return as I am in India.
Terrible tv. It flickers randomly, has terrible audio and only streams Netflix and YouTube. Hello! Amazon Prime is ruling the world. Wish I hadn't but too late now.
Overheated within one minute. Too hot to hold. When cool it wouldn't run. It's just not worth all the trouble buying cheap junk.
It was a mistake to buy this. Cheapy Quality. It not worth your energy. Just OK. Waste of my time to use it. Really disappointed.
Found it very hard to weld with this rod, I would not buy again
When I received this product I was almost immediately disappointed as the box looked as though it had been open before, telling me the product was not new. Not to mention the actual housing for the shifting cable did NOT come in the package as advertised by the seller. When I sent an email about the issue, the seller sent the housing but when I received that package, it didn't even have all of the cable housing included in it. So now the shifting on my bike is slightly off and somewhat messy looking because I didn't have all the housing to properly pull it through. This seller is terrible. The shimano shifter itself isn't half bad, but I would find it somewhere else.👎🏼👎🏼
No way to make an avatar like it says. No way to draw even. Nothing like what it says it is.
Never came and i paid for it
Horrid product. So disappointed that I chose this over a new iPad. iBooks (iPad) Have much better features and you don't have to deal with crappy advertising blasted all over the home screen as the fire tablet apparently does. Bought another for gift and am embarrased to give it now.
Way to difficult to get over my head I misunderstood the front closures purpose. I ordered 2x way too small very disappointed oh well I learned something.
Items poorly package. No padding at all which resulted in the containers being smashed and all of the nails spilling out inside the shipping box. The box wasn't even taped closed.
This app only has 7 wallpapers. And this app is'nt even HD. If I coud I woud gove this a zero. So dom't waste your time and do not download this app.😀😀😀
This CD is the absolute worst quality. It almost sounds like it's a home-made cd. I'm returning it today. Do.Not.Buy.
Doesn't even cover my full head. It looks and fits like it is for a child.
The first week worked well, but I started to see a decline in the capacity starting the second week. after 3 months it stoped working. I am disappointed. I use a courrier to ship items to Colombia so I cannot return the product, I just lost 300 bucks.
Product quit working after a couple of uses and now too late to return. It won't read AC current anymore.
I USUALLY LOVE THESE COOKIES, BUT T HIS BATCH HAD NO FILLING, IT SEEMED ALL DRIED UP , HARDLY ANY THERE. VERY DISAPOINTED
Didn't get this item.
Bought this item from Amazon Warehouse Deals and was feeling pretty confident since there was a direct Amazon connection. No. It did not have simply cosmetic defects, it had a broken zipper and little zipper parts sprinkled at the bottom. There was literally a piece of trash inside. It smelled of cigarette smoke and febreeze. The tag was not attached and it was obviously used. I have had great experiences with AWD in the past, this was disgusting. I don't know who does the quality checks for this company, but they should be fired.
Terrible. Very bad packaging and presentation. Received 5 days later than promised. Don't let the photo fool you! far from ok. I was very surprised at the poor quality of the product.
I didn't like this version of the game at all. I deleted it almost immediately.
Quality not worth buying when compared to local oriental store
Without purchasing anything, it only allows for 1 cake design. My daughter was not pleased so we deleted it.
I've had problems with this clock since a few weeks after I got it, but Amazon wouldn't let me return it when we finally accepted that it simply would never work right. In the first few weeks, we saw that it lost the signal at least daily and had to be re-paired with the Echo. Amazon assured me that a software update would fix that problem. Since that update, the clock runs through brand new batteries within 3 to 4 days and doesn't even keep the time anymore. It randomly stops, starts, and adjusts to the wrong time. It's basically useless.
The match only works once or twice. Huge waste of money.
Didn't work with pro
Buyer Beware this was a knock off product
Leaks like crazy, Have trashed it and went with a Ogio.
I was genuinely looking forward to this purchase as I drip sweat in my gym classes 4 days a week. I was disappointed when sweet dropped into my eyes in the same interval and with the same consistency as it does with any other hat. It's a nice hat, I really liked the quality of the Velcro, but I purchased it to control the sweat...and it definitely made no difference
could not use in Mexico
I bought this for my 9yr old grandson for Christmas 2017. He weighs no more than 50/60 lbs. Already, less than a month riding it, not even everyday, the wheels have bent. This is ridiculous for the price I paid for this Pro Scooter. I realize that the really good ones sell for much, much more, but we've had the Razors for many many years that are still going . Not happy with my purchase.
This is the 3rd time I've order this in two weeks. All 3 times they have sent steel bed rail brackets . The package has a label for the brackets but another label for the picture hooks pasted over it. The seller should get wise and contact Amazon or he will lose a lot of business. Also, it costs someone the return postage every time. I may have to order 50 or more of these before they wake up. I have told them twice already.
Crap product wont read hdmi and amazon wont back the purchase what a waste
There is no APp for it, so it makes it a process to go on the internet and find Pureflix, so I rarely use it.
I felt kindle unlimited was lacking in titles I was interested in reading. Not worth the cost.
Not for use on flag pole buddy.... went with another item. It is a good light with the right pole my rating was based off use on flag pole buddy not the actual light. After hubby tried to make it fit/work he ruined it. If it doesn't fit fit the pole send back rather than try to modify
I did not receive my gift card like stated in tracking. Please research ASAP Thanks
These batteries came up in my search for C batteries and I ordered them, needing batteries for my baby's bouncer. They are NOT C batteries AND item is "not eligible for return." Not sure what needs to be adjusted so this doesn't happen again.
I was hoping to use this item several hours a day. It was so poorly made that the lenses would not stay in the position I put them in. So, you would end up viewing the item you were working on with double vision! Totally unusable in a real work situation. The light did seem like it would have worked pretty well. Use caution!!!
while very easy to inflate,the valve leaks air. I inflated 5he item when I set up camp and within two hours without even lying on it yet the mat was half flat. very disappointed with the product. However the pillow performed excellent.
Does not stay inflated overnight. You have to air it up multiple times in the middle of the night. There is only a 90 day warranty from the manufacturer so make sure you know it works after purchase.
Dont know it was stolen even from the amazon locker!!
Glasses were fucking broken really guys come on now people
ordered the PC version by mistake. Amazon wouldn't cancel the order. probably wont ever buy a product from amazon ever again.
This is my second Dakine "waterman" swim cap. The chinstrap on this product broke during my third time using it in the water. Can't return because 30 days only. This means that if it breaks just after 30 days, and you can't return it, that it has a 30-day lifespan. Definitely not worth the money.
This product is terrible bought three of them for gifts only one of them work a cheap bic is more reliable then these
I bought 3 bottles and one of them arrived broken, so I'm unable to use. Now it's passed the return date. Others should be warned to not buy these in bulk to avoid this issue.
The backpack received was not at all as pictured. The black details do not coordinate and make for an ugly combination. Very disappointed.
I purchased this app because my firestick is low on storage and I dont want to delete ALL of my apps. I have no idea how to use it, came with no instructions what-so-ever. Therefore it is completely useless to me.
The color I received was not the color I ordered and there are no returns. I would give 0 stars if that were an option.
Wasted money. Center openings prevented gas from igniting even when I trimmed the opening. These were tossed before I could return.
This is the worst toothpaste I've ever used! The quality is so poor that I decided to use it to brush canvas sneakers. And can you imagine that it didn't work either. I have to say that this toothpaste is totally useless.
I am allergic to it. I started sneezing within minutes and both nostrils were clogged, runny nose, watery and itchy eyes. I tried again after a few days to make sure it is not just some allergies, same thing happened.
Had a very short time and magnets have already fallen out of a few of the sockets.
Chain broke after two days
It was damaged on the inside when I finally opened my package today. What options do I have to either return or replace it?
I purchased this in 2015 and after 3 flights from LA to Vancouver this zipper fell apart. Looks nice but cheap cheap zippers and poor threading craftsmanship in my opinion. It has sat in my closed for years and would have cost $75 to fix the zipper! LOL
HOW DOES THIS COME UP FOR KIDS! HORRIBLE!!! This should not be available as a child's game!
Not happy with quality
Low price = low quality.
Buyer beware. I saw the other review stating they received the wrong size but took my chances and unfortunately we also received the 60 instead of the 66. It's smaller and only goes to weight limit of 130# which is not enough for what we need. Hope the company makes it right. Such a disappointment. Fingers crossed it can be replaced before the birthday for which it was to be a gift.
Unfortunately, the rubber handle slides off. I primarily use this to drive in a wedge for splitting wood rounds. I used it for 1 season and will have to get something else - unless Fiskars will stand behind their product. To be continued...
Garbage. The cord fell apart that connects to the clock and now I'm unable to return it.
The original Alkaline filter cartridge that came with the complete filter did not taste like this. But this replacement cartridge tastes like bad chemicals. What happened? I can't recommend and won't buy again. It's too bad because I really like this filter system.
Cup leaks constantly even When fully closed. If I could give it zero stars I would. Do not recommend at all
does not fit an adult. way too small
Item is MUCH larger than the 2T size I ordered.
Did not work. Would not calibrate or anything. Is not balanced. Dont waste money
cheap and breaks easy
Hat is too small!!! Sizing chart is inaccurate.
Poor quality - cheaply made
If these were a few bucks I would not complain but 25 for lousy binoculars.. What a waste of money
To give you an idea of how slow the download is, I'll say this: I opened up the game, then set it down while I waited for it to finish installing. I completely forgot about it and left for work. Fourteen hours later, when I finally got home, I picked up my Kindle and was startled when I found that the game was still open. It was barely a quarter of the way through. Bottom line, it's not worth the time wasted waiting for it to install.
Do not buy. Remote broke less than a year after I got it. Poor sound quality. If you walk away for more than a min it will turn itself off. Very annoying.
Bought 24 got 6 malfunctioning Allegedly they have a switch to change the light, not true.
it was a very good game before the intrusive ads were added. they appear everywhere and break my concentration.
Currier did not deliver product. My wife saw the USPS Currier drive by our mail box without stopping.
I tried a overnite soak in bake soda and an overnite soak in vinegar and it still made my $12.00 a pound coffee beans taste like plastic-Amazon being Amazon took it back no problem. I have a stanley 1 quart that went with me on so many hunting trips and fishing trips over the last 40 years or so and still works like new-no plastic taste-so I don't know why this was so bad.
I really don't like the fragrance. I asked Amazon for Fragrance free and was taken to a page labelled Unscented Body Wash Top Selected Products and Reviews. I selected the Dove on that page but once I got it home, it is scented and it stays with you all day. Ugh! Really disappointed. I looked at label, and in the ingredients is Fragrance. I am disappointed that Dove doesn't label it as scented it labels a whole bunch of other body washes with the name of their fragrance, but is silent on this one. I am also disappointed that Amazon took me to a page that had a scented product while the page was supposed to show Unscented Body Wash per Amazon's title.
The screen had permanent green dots on the picture. This unit was either damaged or the product is defective.
I purchased this bag in July 2017 and didn't start using it until September 2017. After 4 months of use the stitching that attaches the front pouch zipper has given way. Also the stitching around the Velcro that holds the strap that turns the bag from a back pack to duffel bag is almost completely gone. See pics. I was told by Amazon that it's too late to return it or have it repaired. Buyer beware.
Does not record heart rate or blood pressure and cannot log into app.
My kids love rice crispy treats and oreos.. They were so excited to try these and they said they taste gross.
I had the previous version which were good. These suck! They refuse to connect to a new device if the previous one is anywhere around. I constantly have to walk two rooms away to turn off my iPad even though i'm sitting right in front of my laptop selecting these headphones when I power them up. Forget about connecting to two devices at once. Never works. Battery life is bad with no warning till they are about to die. I won't even start on the silly Chinese-to-english voice prompts... After a few more days of use they just snapped in half! Most every day I work with thousands of $ of high end video equipment. I know how to be careful with gear. I mis the days before Amazon allowed it's self to be flooded with cheep junk.
I just discovered that these razors are actually Gillette Mach3 that packaged in Gillette Mach 3 Turbo package.. When I first tried them i thought that the company has changed the design of the razor. I did not like it and it did not work well with me, however, I sucked it up & continued using it. When I was almost out of it & went to check the market for alternatives, I was shocked when I found out that I was deceived. This one that I bought from Amazon was a fraud. Gillette did not change the design. Amazon sold me Gillette Mach 3 instead of what I wanted Gillette Mach 3 Turbo!
tricked my kid into ordering
Not any better than any others
Not easy to use at all
Built a cooler cart for a 110 yeti cooler. Can't keep air in them all four flat. Returned 2 and deceived to cut loses and go a different route
I am not satisfied with the Lyft Gift Cards as they are not treated as regular cash. If you have a gift card associated with your account any discount is not applied automatically a. You must change your election of payment post your ride.
We bought this TV on July 6, 2018 and it failed on July 8, 2019. The unit would not power on after a power outage and when it power back on, the both HDMI connections failed. We have tried several recommended fixes such as unplugging and waiting to connect each HDMI device separately and it still will not recognize any HDMI devices. I plugged a different TV into the same devices and they connected immediately. This happened once previously and was corrected by replacing the cable. Now we see the cable works, but it was the TV itself that was defective. We believed Samsung to be more reliable than Sony but it appears we will need to try another manufacturer.
Only took 3 weeks to arrive. Had them on the car for 1 month so far no issues.
After 2 weeks the product stopped working. Tried different options to get it to work. Won't charge even with a different cord. I would like to return it.
I would not purchase this product. When using the headphones on a phone call, the other person can never hear me when I speak. It plays music loud tho.
Could not use product..was defective
I ordered the 2 pack of this product and I only received one tool and the case. I tried to contact the seller and they said very directly and rudely that I would have to contact the Amazon customer service. It has been almost and day and a half since I have contacted Amazon CS.....with no response. Will not be ordering from this person again.
terrible taste. none of my friends will take off my hands. they don't like it either.
Consumed power excessively. Some functions seem to work but actually did not after checking via website. Uninstalled!
I have been sharpening knives for 50+ years. This item did not work for me.
The only good thing I can say is it Shipped Quick. I used the entire can on my jacket and let it dry several days. The first rain it was as if nothing was sprayed on the jacket. I wasn't expecting miracles but I did expect something. Complete waste of money. I do not recommend this product.
This does not come with the digital copy.
Item never received !!
Item didn't arrive. They sent replacement. Now they are saying I didn't RETURN item. How do I return something that didn't arrive?
I have the 24 Oz Hydro flask and like many other customers was dissatisfied with the straw top lid that Hydro flask comes equipped with. After one wash it started squeaking. My sister had success with this replacement product so I ordered two with high hopes. But it DOES NOT thread correctly. Please see the photos. The threads are completely different from the Hydro Flask threads, so even my bulky hubby couldn't muscle it on. Absolute and utter frustration. You don't want putting your water bottle together to be the work out for your day. Don't buy. Not for the 24oz anyway
The product stopped working correctly in July, we order it in May and I was understanding that it would be covered by the 90 day warranty of ordering from PRIME membership. But I guess i'm lifted-out for the $89.99 I spent on this used crap they re-sell. I'll NEVER BUY ANYTHING USED, cause you get noting if anything does go wrong. I've learned my lesson.... Thanks
Sorry I bought it! It keeps slipping down over my face because its so big!
One of the screens was cracked and useless. Tried applying the second screen and it would not stay adhered. Got strange little blobs that looked like water in-between screen and device - even though I cleaned with the alcohol and then wiped well with the included cloth.
Poorly written, poorly narrated
I could barely get a finger into the jar and had to use so much product. No comparison to the piece/sculpt that you discontinued. Why does Pureology keep discontinuing and replacing with inferior products. Time for me to find another line. This has happened too, too many times.
The bike looks great. But the wheels leak. One went completely empty overnight after airing and the other was half way empty.
Use to work just fine and now says source cannot be opened. Beachbody claims it's on Amazon's end but who knows! It just needs to be fixed. No telling how long this has gone on, but no fix yet?! Hmmmmmm.....
Doesn't work well. He doesn't even use it because it wont roll a tight one.
It looks great but it is not very efficient. I would not recomend this item.
Would not completely load on my kindle, now I'm unable to remove it ! Very disappointed
Bought at the end of September. Blade started chipping after the first time it was sharpened. Will be contacting the company for sure. Edit*** Amazon is replacing free of charge*
Bought this for my husband who has alopecia in his eyebrows. He used it everyday for 2-3 months. It did nothing.
Still getting flats with the liner it barely makes a difference. They just add weight to my tires but dont stop punctures definitely never goin to buy again.
The seal was “cut” and the box was deformed. The plastic bag with the barcode, which had the deformed box inside, and the amazon package were intact. The product itself looks and smells like the one I had before, but I'm not sure if this is authentic or not due to the broken seal/box. I will keep it and give it a try as it is annoying to return. Perhaps it's time for me to move on to something else. I wonder why Amazon can't yet prevent fake/packaging issues like this :(.
I liked the wide selection of connector types included, and they are conveniently separated into compartments. However, the quality is bad due to the thin material used. I had to crimp and re-crimp several times to keep connections tight, sometimes ruining the original connector. I was tempted to simply use aluminum foil because, honestly, these connectors are not much better. Oh well, you get what you pay for. If you want a quality product and good connections, these will NOT do the job. I have since found Wiring Depot, which has good quality connectors of every size, type, and material imaginable.
This service is a pay to play service and there was no indication given that it was so until I got all the way through the registration to enter the on-demand section!
These receivers are not brand and took very long to activate. These sellers need to sell what they're advertising. How can you say something is new in the description and when it arrives it's saying REMAN?
Actually burned my finger when left plugged in! It had started to singe. Thank goodness I was home!! Threw away all of them!
The unit arrived in a box that had been opened already and was missing the bipod to keep it from tipping over while filling. It was also missing a couple of other minor components and had been partially assembled then taken apart incorrectly. I was given a full refund and a new unit was sent out right away but it arrived also missing the bipod in a sealed box and when I spoke to the manufacturer they said they do not have any Amazon authorized dealers so they can't explain it. They did however send me out a bipod right away in the mail from the manufacturing company so I would recommend not buying this through Amazon suppliers
Game costs thousands. 0 gameplay.
There was nothing good about this product. Has to be reprogrammed including updating the time every day or whenever the battery dies out which is often.
10A Fuse keeps blowing when trying to ride. Trying to contact customer service but contact information is no where to be found in instruction manual.
I screwed the item into floor of my boat and the material between the screw and floor broke when I tightened it down. Worthless item
I need to return the product it is broken water ua coming out. I only used it for two months
Headphones don't work.. plugged it in and stays silent. Put music on and phone speakers still goes off. Not good. Don't feel like returning them.. too busy to go to the post office right now, I don't have time.
needed for the culinary torch
Crumbled when used... not sure if it was old or what.
We never received this item! My daughter has started an investigation in TN with UPS. It was meant to be a birthday present for my grandson' s 13th birthday.
Never received the charger. Have not heard from them
Renaissance Wax Polish , 200 ml THOUGH YOU SEND ME AN EMAIL THAT IS DELIVERED BUT I DIDN'T RECEIVE ANYTHING AND I COULDN'T FIND ANYWHERE TO ASK FOR IT
The trigger broke the first time I used it. You could probably get a better deal at the dollar store
Ordered a pack of 6 and they only sent one. Should have listened to the other reviews about this happening.
Acting was horribly done...seen better high school actors. I love horror movies but don't waste your hard earned cash on this piece of junk!
Bad item. Ordered a pair of these and one was delivered and didn't hold air. I was hoping for better quality.
Decent product but messed my order up when shipped only sent me half the order. 3 or 4 days to get the other 2 spacers.
I used it for meditation CDs and it broke very quickly...I would like to get a refund or a new product
Not real. do not buy,
Seller harasses me with emails almost daily because they don't like my review. Tried it once and gave it away. Water leaks in, fogs up, uncomfortable.
Not the real game don't buy it
The bike attachment is too loose o attach to the bike. I had to return it.
From the online advertisement and photos I was impressed by the bracelet's attractive appearance and the excellent idea of a Paracord Survival Bracelet with a light that has 3 modes; on, strobe and SOS. There is an insulation strip that must be removed so the batteries can make contact and it would not simply pull out so I carefully opened the battery compartment and the small cover on the light switch control fell off its' arm but with some effort I put it back on and closed the compartment door. The light functions work somewhat. This is NOT a bracelet to be taken seriously as a survival item as it is cheaply made. It would be fine for kids to use as a toy if they are pretend camping in their backyard only but not for scouting trips or any real camping situation. The price of this bracelet is an indicator of its' true survival qualifications. You get what you pay for.
Did not receive a deep freezer after waiting for over 2 weeks for it. On the day it was to be delivered, I checked my status and unfortunately it was delayed a few more days, or so I thought. I checked again everyday to see if it were any updates and to my surprise, today, it said it was out for delivery but I thought it was strange because it was stating it was in GA still and I live in FL but I didn't stress it too much because it said it would arrive by 8pm. 8 pm has come and left so I checked again and wouldn't you have it, they delivered it to someone in GA! That's unacceptable when my address clearly reads FL. I'm upset because I really needed the freezer ASAP. I need a refund immediately!!!
ordered this 4/5 days before Christmas, it arrived on Christmas Eve, charged it that night so the kids can ride after they opened their presents, but as soon as i took off the protective plastic, when i was about to turn it on, i noticed the battery cover was cracked, its cheap plastic, i should have listened to the other 2 reviews that stated theirs arrived cracked also, the box that arrived in was not damaged at all, so i wonder when it was damaged, or if i got a used one that was returned already, thats why i like to purchase most items that is sold and shipped through amazon, i am going to have to return it, just sucks of having to print a return label, and ruck it back to a UPS store, kind of sucks for my daughter, good thing we got her a couple other presents, after i made the purchase, i noticed that amazon states that it does not carry the product anymore, maybe they realized a few days before christmas, that this product is pretty much junk, oh well you live and learn
Got the wrong product in the mail.
I did receive the item and it says it did arrive I don't approve bc I wasted money on it
they will only repair in places hours away and I have to bring it in for repair! Will not stay connected to wi-fi
Unfortunately the picture is not clear enough for me to realize that the VERY short neck on this grommet will not work with my crocheted bags for reinforcing the handle holes. I assume these would only work on the thinnest of materials, not even sure they would hold on a reinforced edge of a tarp if that was what you were wanting them for. They are thin and lightweight. Don't appear to be strong enough to reinforce much of anything.
I never got my credit
I am an apprentice electrician, and wanted a backpack to pack various tools with me. I was excited to get this backpack, and very pleased with the pockets. I loaded it with tools, and was impressed by how well it held almost everything I needed it to. After taking it into the building I was working in the first day after loading it, I was very sad to find that one of the zippers didn't hold, and pulled apart. The bag was zipped shut, and now wont zip at all, as the entire zipper came undone, all the way around.
Second time in 2 months the seam separated and it deflated instantly. Good when it worked.
Glitchy, haven't been able to look at any recipes. App closed every time
Sorry to say, I had to blink. The concept is good but the results are poor. I purchased a full system with multiple cameras. Picture was good along with connectivity BUT the battery live was horrific. In less than a week I was getting low battery warnings. Battery life really depends on how active an area it's watching making it totally useless for security. I sent all of it back.
Pretty hard and uncomfortable. Can feel underlying structure not padded by leather. Small screws strip quickly. Larger outer screws strip later.
Ordered 3 to use for an outdoor movie night for the family. 2 held air for over an hour the 3rd was flat in 5 min. Have tried a few times same result. Maybe a seal issue or a seam not being perfect from factory
I specifically ordered this to get the 3.5" #2 Phillips and the 3/8" hex driver, this does not include these items as the description and photo say they do, please update because now i have to buy them separately.
After going through all the hoops and ropes back and forth the to TV and entering the code shown on the TV screen then go to another room to boot up PC to enter code and then my Providers password it stated I've been authenticated. Then back to the TV after shutting down my PC and I go to the app which required me to write down another code, go to my PC and do the same routine over and over again. NEVER MIND! There is too much other stuff to watch without the workout that produces nothing. I want my time back that I wasted
The first thing that happened was an instant runtime error.
The price on this item went down $121 the day after I received it. Amazon refuses to refund the difference. I could return the item and buy it again. Ugh. I guess this is the down side of using Amazon.
Would love to be able to have the item here on vacation with me as I planned but, product did not arrive on time so I can not review it. Very disappointed that I don't have it here on the beach with me.
Do not purchase, even for one dollar. After using it around one week, I have to say Rubbish. Failed test. I would not buy this again! Not high quality. I would not recommend it.
This item showed as shipping but never arrived. When the seller was notified the order was canceled and money refunded, but that was not what was requested, I asked for the tracking information and or to have them replaced. This was very disappointing.
RELIABILITY AFTER A WEEK "0"
Side B was repeated on both sides. Have to return it, no option for replacement.
Is not compatible with dish & Samsung 4K TVs
2hrs trying to sign.....kept telling me wrong user id or password. If I said I forgot and wanted to reset, it would ask for my email address then proceed to tell me my email address was wrong. Got really frustrated and haven't tried since!!!!
This thing is so poorly made, the strap has already broken apart after less than a month of use. Don't waste your money!!!
Love Neil and these songs, but the low quality of this download is ridiculous. 213 kbps is the best of the ten songs.
Waste of space - deleted it right after I opened it. Hate that you use a cool dragon as the logo but I open the app and get horses. Dragons and other cool pictures you have to pay for. False advertising!
I still haven't been able how to make it work. I have not yet even played a tape even after inserting new batteries and plugged into my lap top for power. Either it never worked or the directions are so poor I can't make it work.
Disc froze half way through. I have been trying to get instructions to return item or have them replace it. Have thus far been unable to get a response.
Not good quality. Not good fit. Shrank in odd places first time washed. Unwearable.
Wrong artist inside sealed box?..............
Doesn't show the latest of the most popular shows so I cancelled. My favorite is bringing up bates
It doesn't work at all
The durability of these gloves were terrible. It was not synthetic leather, the material was cloth. I could not test the comfort of these gloves because they were too small because of false advertising. When I wanted to send them back amazon wanted to charge me $6 for a pair of $10 gloves. Ridiculous and very disappointed.
Cheap! Don't buy this!!!
I never received this item
Does not work in hard soil. Only works in soil where you could just use a hand shovel.
Very unsatisfied, after I installed, the computer is slow and every tab I open another spam tab opens up. Everyday a Alert tab opens, the ones that is meant to call a scam number to "fix"the problem. I'm having problems with spam and virus after installing it.
it worked great for about two weeks
We purchased two of these for our first-ever cruise to the Caribbean. My sons wore these only once because they did not work. They immediately filled with water, due to a horrible seal. *Yes, we did measure before we purchased. The lens also fogged up when my sons pressed the mask to their faces. I wish I could return them. They were a complete waste of money.
Have several brands of hoses and fitting and this elbow fits none of them
Didn't received the item in the picture. The metal bracket that curves around the wheel to protect the person on the creeper from being pinched is not the bracket on the wheels received. The bracket on the wheels I received is straight and much short than the ones shown. Disappointed.
I ordered a white mount, got a black mount in white mount packaging (The black mounts are $5 less). I requested a replacement and got a second black mount in white packaging. They look like a good product, but why can't I get the correct item sent to me?
I bought this for my son to wear during football. & it did not stay in place well enough to use.
This stuff has a very strong vinegar taste. I ordered it because I thought it would be like the hot buffalo and cheddar variety I bought at Sams Club. It's not. I couldn't eat it.
I THOUGHT I WAS BUYING A REAL TOOL THIS THING IS ONLY 3INCHES IN WIDTH,
Just received the Blu ray, hooked it up, went to turn it on and the remote is missing the insides of the battery compartment! The batteries just flop in & out since the wiring is missing. Was hoping to use this over the 4th but unless they overnight me out a remote than I guess I'll have to return it. (In case you're wondering, the buttons on the front of the unit only turn it on-off & eject the disk. So without a remote it's useless)
Would not recommend. There's no option for battery and it is wobbly. Waste of money if you ask me.
I was hoping to get this product to replace ice for my cooler, decided to get it cause of all the good reviews it had, but it did not work, its only lasted about an hour and it did not keep anything cold, I will continue using ice. I would not recommend this product!
Garbage. Don't waste your money. Would give zero stars if I could.
This product is horrible and I do not recommend to anyone. When I first received them in the mail one was already bent and I had to fix it, then after tearing apart my entire suspension, come find out that it was these hub centric rings, I purchased new plastic ones and my problem was fixed with the shaking of my car. Do not buy these.
Need a cable subscription to watch
CD will not play. It came defective. No scratches or anything. The cd looks brand new. It just won't play.
I've purchased this as a back up battery for my dad weed eater, and after 5 charges, it will no longer hold a charge. It's only been 2 1/2 months of owning the battery. I'm waiting for some warranty help, but in the meanwhile, I'm just going to pay the extra and buy the original brand.
I don't believe I've ever left a negative review for anything on amazon. In fact, I may have never left any kind of review at all. But the assembly of this bike has made me want to never purchase another bike again unless it's pre-assembled in the store. I've assembled several bikes, and none have been nearly this irritating. Nothing seems to fit. The instructions don't match the bike exactly (I'm guessing there are several models of this bike). I still haven't figured out how to get the front wheel to fit down into the sleeve securely. And don't get me started on the seat. I believe the way everything was folded up within the box make it incredibly hard to try to put together. This is a cute bike (I think), but so far--just from the assembly--I wouldn't be able to recommend it to anyone.
I enjoyed the product but the mosfets blew and I replaced it, but it's not working. I tried to pay to replace and they said they would get back to me, and they never got back to me.
The tab to pull the lid back off breaks off easily. I would not recommend.
treats are tiny for 50 pound dog, tried to cancel at least 5 times, I cannot get this to STOP
Unit dropped 1 tray of ice and QUIT!!
old news , already had seen this on regular tv
Worked great for a few days then began to leak at the bottom water everywhere, and does not cool unless directly in front of it .piece of crap don't buy returning tomorrow.
I recently did a huge chop on cable I have the firestick & had huge hopes. One of my fav shows was air disasters... long story short on my firestick i downloaded the smithsonian app everytime i click the icon that says open itll do a spin and back to saying open... Nice trick but i would like to actually watch some shows so disappointed
I just contacted Verizon to activate this LG K30 phone and was told by the Customer Service agent that the phone is NOT compatible. Screenshots of CSR chat and online activation results.
Did not know anyone on the channel.
It stop working after about one week
There are better players
Cheap plastic inner parts. Broke almost immediately. I would not recommend this item. It looks cool but isn't strong enough to ring more than a few times.
Its junk. Bad quality. Don't buy.
I was told by the seller it would be compatible with the children's kindle. It isn't. And I expressed that's the main reason I was buying it.
Did not receive product,says it was delivered
Turns face orange. Does not stay put
Received unit completely non-functional. Red light came on, that was it.
I don't know where to begin. I'm a HUGE Disney Fan but this game is getting worse instead of better.I'm very frustrated with it. The challenges are annoying and the rewards stink. I'm truly ready to delete it from my phone since it continues to take more and more space and I get NOTHING for it! I play the challenges and get so close only lose ALL that I worked for and get ONE GEM! ONE!
My husband ordered these gloves & they tore the first time he used them. Would like to know how to return them. I had to give them a one star rating but did not want to.
I bought this scooter 3 weeks ago for my daughter's birthday and today the wheel flew off. She fell and hurt herself and the scooter is not going to be able to be put back together. Very disappointing, I do not recommend this product.
Stay away from this phone. The first one I bought stop charging sent it back and the replacement did the same.
It was expired when it arrived.
I never received any kind of papers or anything showing i bought the warranty
Screen house was very flimsy. First winds that came through tore it up. My mistake for not getting the extra warranty
Not impressed. It did not remove my waterproof mascara and a lot of wiping and tugging to remove waterproof eyeliner.
I spent 10 years working for a network vendor as a global network specialist involved with fixing customer problems. I spent 10 years working for a major healthcare system redesigning, monitoring, and configuring their wifi and ethernet systems. I wasted more than an hour of my life trying to get the device connected to my wifi network. I tried using my laptop, tablet and even tried Wps. I wish I could give it zero stars which it deserves. It was a waste of my money and I will be contacting Amazon for a refund. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!
Fogs up pretty much instantly, not just useless - dangerous
I ordered this & never even received it.
Case smells very bad.
The items were not included in the box We got the under bed storage and lights though
Seriously, The packaging is such that you could hurt yourself trying to get a socket free, but the second largest SAE socket, 3/16 was missing. This had to have been removed before it was packed so I am rather miffed. The deal was good and now to get the 3/16" socket, I will have to send this back and pay more. I rather like the looks of it but with the price change I will be getting it from another source.
Can't get it to work with any tv or phone. I've had both lg phone and iPhone. And an lg tv
The plastic cap which is supposed to protect the sensor is extremely fragile. It broke off almost immediately and then kept falling off in my tool bag. Evetually the sensor snapped off. Stupid.
I put them on the first time and the arm broke. Cheap!
Game was great until it started asking for money to advance. Then freezing and shutting down in the middle of buying tokens and not giving the tokens to you when you buy them. Customer service never gets back to you... ZERO ZERO STARS....
Does not work anymore
One works perfectly! The other one did not charge at all
Lasted about two months. Now it's like it's off balance. My daughter was a pro on this thing. Could squat and ride or even ride on her knees. Now she's afraid to get on it because she says it's leaning too forward now. :(
It says delivered like 2 weeks ago. I never received it and there is no place to let anybody know
There was a dvd that could not be reproduced with scratches. It is disk 4 of season 4. Others may be there I want you to send me an exchange
We were really excited about using this water reservoir during our honeymoon to Banff and Jasper. We had several long hikes planned and this was our first time using a water reservoir vs. plain old water bottles. On our first hike, we had a great experience with it and were immediately converts. It was easy to fill and use, extremely portable in our day pack, and we loved how we did not need to stop hiking whenever we wanted a sip of water. On our second hike (just three days into our trip with many more hikes planned), we filled the water reservoir as before and, again, placed it into our day pack. We started out on the trail and within five minutes, water was pouring out of the day pack and all over my husband. We inspected it and, as with the other latest reviewers, the reservoir's side seam split and it sprung a leak. Unfortunately, this meant that we no longer had a water reservoir the rest of our trip. We were looking forward to using it on other future hikes, but it looks like we need to find another brand...
Very hard to setup even with customer support. Once I got the first camera setup, my android phone could not pair up with the camera I wanted to add. Had the blue and green flashing light but the camera could not be found after repeated tries to pair up with my phone. The cameras come with no instructions on how the cameras are supposed to interact with Alexa. If you have high blood pressure, I would highly recommend you do not purchase.
Very tight on my arms and hands! Going back!
If I could give zero stars, I would. The shoulder straps ripped off after about 10 minutes of use. There were 6 12 oz cans and some ice in the backpack.
We don't even know what this was. That is how insignificant it is.
Do not buy this I bought this off amazon and it just came in yesterday I was so exited to try this out so I went into my pool and was swimming and it wasn't leaking in water a lot of water was coming in from the top that's the first bad thing. I was swimming on the very bottom of the pool and I was out of breath so I came up so I can breathe through the hole and I couldn't breathe the mask suction cupped to my face and I wasn't able to breathe then I try to pull the mask off my face and it is stuck and I still am not able to breath I eventually rip the mask off. Do not buy this I almost died yesterday from this MASK.
did not enjoy at all fast forwarded after watch 1/2 hour
Not what they appear to be in the picture. Were delivered a bit squishy and a lot shorter and fatter on one side.
Plan to return although free, don't seem to work on fire tablet
I tried at different times and it says it has not region
The product reviews on Amazon are worthless. How did this product get get reviews? It tastes bland. Also I paid nearly four dollars for this tiny bag. What a ripoff.
As saw horses go, these are shaky, flimsy and poorly built. That being said, I'm keeping them because of my specific need; which is to use them to catch wood being fed through my table saw. I selected these because of the feature to raise the height to the same level as my table saw. For about 30 bucks each the are not a quality product. I would never trust them to put any loads on them past some large plywood sheet while cutting. TIP: Get some vise grips and fold in the catch to strengthen the stop to keep the legs from failing out of position.
Mat is not self inflatable. After opening valve and walking away for 20+ minutes, never fully self inflated. Also, after full inflation, snaps that hold the pillow on were torn out. This was not due to rough handling of the product as it was my 6 year old laying down with a book that caused the tear. Hoping that the mat will be sufficient for the Boy Scout outing this weekend. Disappointed that I won't be able to use the pillow and that the mat is thinner than advertised.
I'm sure the DVDs are great. We have the sight words, letters, numbers and shapes set and my daughter learned a lot from them. Therefore, my 1-star rating is for this seller not the DVDs. These never showed up. Waited and waited. No explanation from the seller. Had to have Amazon refund me.
I didn't like this at all. Too dry.
I bought this backpack for my daughter and it lasted her for one week. Very cheap material!
It was fun while it lasted. Which was maybe a week. Now, the light is on like it's charging but it doesn't actually charge. Big waste of money as it can't be returned now.
This nail gun sucks every other shot will not fire if that. Your trying to hold something still and the nailer won't even fire and I've tried many different brand nails JUNK DONT WAST YOUR MONEY ON THIS
I think it is .....I just don't like it
Even if the thumb-latch that operates the quick-release clamp had *not* broken immediately the very first time I tried using it, I probably still would rate this unit very low. This product appears able to clamp onto any tubular structure on the bicycle, which would allow you to put a bottle holder wherever you want it. However, it lacks a swivel element between the clamp and the cage, which would allow you to rotate the cage to keep it vertical (so the bottle doesn't fall out!). Since there is no way to rotate the cage, don't bother trying to clamp it onto your handlebar or your top tube, because the cage will be horizontal and the bottle (or speaker) will fall out. Pretty much your only choice is to clamp it to a tube that's close to vertical, like the seat tube or the down tube. Also, the thumb-latch on the quick-release clamp only tightens or loosens the clamp by a few millimeters, so it's not really a quick-release at all: you still have to rotate the latch 10 or 15 turns to loosen it enough to pull the clamp off of the tube it's attached to, or to tighten it enough so it stays in place (and please don't apply too much pressure when tightening it, because the plastic latch is of such poor quality material that it will very easily snap in two!)
Very nice color and fit, but DID NOT work for texting! I tried several times to text with both gloves and my iPhone did not respond. I'm returning them.
Didn't like the format, music, quality. gave it away.
did not receive as promised. such a simple tool why is this so complicated
Cannot write a review as I was sent the wrong product. When I tried to return via UPS I was told the return label was not paid for (as it usually is when I order from amazon). I tried to get in touch and get a prepaid label and never received one from this store.
I have had this case now for almost a week and although it does hold the oasis well, I just do not like the feel of it! The inside cover that you flip behind has kind of a spongy feel and retains heat. So if I'm reading for a while, my hand gets very hot. Plus it just feels icky to hold and is just plain uncomfortable to use! I just really do not like the texture of it and will most likely return it! I also feel that the edges of the case itself are flimsy made! I don't think it would stand much wear at all!
I am so disappointed how they sent product not in the box so cap totally broke and rapping is tore .
Nothing on this site is much of a value, or is products I can find any reason to use. Seemed to be a real limited selection of merchandise and seemingly over inflated prices, plus the cost of shipping.
Size in photo was regular with no drop down menu for size available. Was sent a short. Contacted seller but received no response
It doesn't work. Waste of space and time.
I took it out of the box and went to blow up a float.... blew it up for 10 seconds and all it will do is make a tick tick tick sound wont turn or anything... waste of $$$
If you like being fustrated, while underwater, this is for you. Turing this light on and off, even on dry land, is a pain in the rear. Doing it underwater is like a Houdini escape.
Works good but not as my other does
Nope. Did not even warm up. Returned and received refund.
Not made to easily install at all. Packaging didn't come with instructions on how to do the install. Hardware was cheap and broke to the point where I had to go to Lowe's to buy replacement parts. By the time I actually got the mount up, I didn't think it was possible to be more frustrated, but at least my worries were over right? Yes, until I put my kayak in it and the mounting plastic broke and I had to catch my kayak as it was falling to the ground. This was hands down the worst purchase of my life!
The motor burned up first use, stopped hammering
Very poor acting movie, Amazon should have preview of its movies for sale
This hat is a very loose fit. Very disappointed 😩
Came in a clear sleeve, no box? All corners were bent, what kind of idiots mail a brand new vinyl record without a box. Really upset.
No specs caused me to purchase these. They don't fit my torch.
I have ordered a Nero Video 2019 [Digital] [PC Download] on Jun 8. I paid with Rewards Visa Signature Card. The problem is that I cannot install this software into my computer. I even tried three different computers but it still didn't work at all. Please resolve this problem and contact me back as soon as possible.
hated this stuff, gets all over your hands and is difficult to aim. Dont' waste your money!
Worked for two days, quit working and had epiphany, quit working and then another epiphany, again stopped and etc. I have over 200 DVD's and get "disc err* on DVD's that work fine in my PC. Not recommended, unusable product. If I could rate it a Zero i would.
Product arrived damaged. The plastic mouthpiece was cracked.
Don't waste your money on these. I have tried several boxes, and the result is always the same -- the packets are dry, with not enough iodine to leave a stain. I won't ever purchase this product again.
Went out in less than a month.
This wrench is a piece of garbage. I've had two shipped and both don't work. They are both got sent back. I would stay away from this wrench!!
This isn't the item received. Seller made it right.
This item doesn't work at all. I tried this on very thin wood and it just stopped. Only scratched the surface. Total waste. And it didn't allow the return
Does not include state software. Had to spend another $39.99 to download the state program. When that download failed, there is no option to recover, you have to re-enter your credit card information to download. Out almost $80 to make this software work. Very disappointed with this purchase.
Blue light is actually green. Guess they ran out of blue lol
i have no idea why there i never play it
Used once, wouldn't grip and ratchet broke instantly.
I did not order this. Even though this is a free cat game, I did not order it. I simply looked at it. When it showed the privacy policy, I did not approve of the access granted to my tablet. Either this gets removed and any access denied, or I will drop out of Amazon and never use it again. The accesses are absurd and I strongly recommend everyone read them very carefully. AMAZON....REMOVE THOSE PERMISSIONS FROM MY TABLET. I HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANY PERMISSIONS AT ALL ON THIS GAME SINCE I DID NOT ORDER IT. I DID NOT MAKE A MISTAKE. I BACKED OUT OF IT THE MOMENT I READ THE PRIVACY POLICY.
I never received the item
The package my tiara was sent in didn't protect it and when I opend the package the tiara was broken. Very unhappy that it was delivered broken and bent.
I've had this for a week or so and already not working. Battery is new, it lights up when holding the on button but won't stay on! I guess I got what I paid for! Cheap, not good quality at all!!
Item number ordered matched what our vacuum label and book said to order, but the product was NOT the same. Has a cover on the end of it and one from our vac is open at both ends. Unable to remove end to use!
The base where the flame is ended up melting from the heat. Really wanted to like the stove. Any warranty information would be appreciated.
All my kayaks came crashing down within days apart. Fails at the 5-year mark it seems
If there was any option less than one star I would have gone with that. The thing was rendered useless after the very first use due to a terribly shoddy manufacturing. Worse than useless, unless you want to use it for white noise to help you sleep.
Terrible doesn't stretch certainly not 5 star material. Way too tight .. nothing but junk
Disappointed beaware these tires are sold as new but if u look at the date of manufacturing they where actually almost 3 years old..UN-SAFE..
EVERY i tried towatch was just a teaser
Bought this a couple weeks ago and just got around to putting it up. Don't do it! The transfer paper is stickier than the actual decal. My daughter has a 9 letter name and it was a nightmare. I couldn't get the letters to stick to the wall but the transfer paper did. When I tried taking the paper off, it pulled the letters off - some ripped. I was left trying to put the decal up by hand and it looks awful. I got so frustrated, I took it down and threw it away. Complete wage of money.
Do not buy this item without knowing that you cannot return it in a normal fashion. You essentially cannot return it. You have to get approval from the seller to return it, and then you have to pay to ship it back.
👎👎 WASTE OF TIME & MONEY THESE THINGS DON'T WORK..
Screwdriver handle got stuck on the Second Use. The other pieces and parts are useful but the screwdriver handle is garbage.
Broke within 5 minutes of use on my little impact drill driver.
One battery only lasted a couple of months and another one lasted only 3 days.
When being used as a socket set, the adjustable wrench tears up your hand. Great idea, but I'm not sure how practical.
I start game and game crashes every time I go to attack level 1 monster quest so I can't do any farming
Items from this seller never arrived. Ordered in September, it's December now and they will not return my money.
Poor selection of movie don't waste your money
I live in Region 1 and they sent me a DVD from Region 2. Very disappointing.
When buying this item taxes are charged. Taxes are not actually applicable on digitally delivered items.
the cd was snapped in half when i received it
This is probably the absolute worst movie I've ever TRIED to watch (didn't even get to the ending) Couldn't stand watching another second ( and I love the Rock) of course it didn't help matters that the disc kept starting and stopping.
female connector won't hold... whatever tool i have with the male, it just keeps popping off...
I like the song it's a great however I was trying to download the song to be able to put it on a video with pictures and it did not allow me to do that so I wasted both downloads paid for them instead of going to the internet and getting it from free I tried to do it the right way and still got screwed
Junk. The stiching is very cheap. Tore the first time I put it on.
Doesn't produce much light and doesn't seem to charge in the sun
Great ring, wore it occasionally, not daily. Received lots of compliments, but 3 of the stones have already fallen out and I've only had it 2 and 1/2 months. Pretty sad because it's a beautiful ring.
Very disappointing I can not use app cause the app version is not compatible with my phone version. So I have music I cannot listen too. Money wasted!!
Did not work. Had to return and rent one from Home Depot
The lid just won't lock like it is supposed to, and because of this it leaks easily. My kids don't like it and I won't be ordering more.
That u have to buy all the games
The tool is amazing, 5 stars. However, on the Amazon page, it says that there is a full warranty from the manufacturer, which is not true. When I tried to get this repaired, Milwaukee said they don't warranty purchases from Amazon. This seller needs to update their false advertising. If you have this tool, there is still some warranty, but it's based on the date that the tool was manufactured, not when it was sold. You have 3 years from date of manufacture, and not the __full__ warranty. Sucks I have no way of leaving feedback for the seller independent of the tool (which is great). But this is a very deceptive practice.
Movie is great, Amazon package was terrible. Why would you put a flimsy dvd case in an envelope and mail it? Not happy with package at all!!!!
This product is way too big for a Fire 7. Do not be suckered in like I was. After contacting the manufacture and pointing out their error, I was offered a $2 refund. Nice little gig they have going....
Sadly there's nothing about this headband that's "non-slip". It's simply stretchy fabric sewn together. Much like a hand-made cut-out from a T-shirt. It probably cost 15 cents to make. I'm very confused by these positive reviews.
It fell apart the first time I used it. I contacted the seller and they said they would send a new one. I never got it. Stay away....
I wanted to like this but the fit is terrible. The fabric is rough and it does not seem well made. Super disappointed.
The product comes with a manufacturers warranty already so this is a scam for your money.
it didn't work on my fire 10 tablet or any of my tablets and pads
I didn't like anything about it. I uninstalled it immediately. Overwhelmed by advertising and very difficult to use. I play games to relax. This one sucks.
I just received this brand new tablet a couple weeks ago for my six year old. The charge sucks it doesn't hold charge at all! The one my older son has one which he has had for about 2 years holds charge a lot LONGER!
I dislike this product in that it totally would not do what it was purchased for. SInce I tried to use it, therefore cutting a strip from the roll, I believed I could not return it for refund and therefore still have the left over product. It seemed advertised for wrapping handlebars of bikes for nonslip coverage, etc. It said it was flexible, and it was, in one direction only. I bought it to wrap the handles of forearm crutches so that the handle would be nonslip. These crutch handles slant slightly downward, creating a tendency to slip. Your product only has adhesive down the center of the strip; each side of the strip has no adhesive whatsoever. The product also does not flex to wrap a bar working your way up or down the bar, but layers must be laid evenly one upon another. The adhesive is not strong; one hour after wrapping the bars with 2 layers, layer upon layer, I returned to find the rigidness of the tape pulled the adhesive loose so that on both crutches the adhesive tape was hanging in straight pieces as though never wrapped, dangling to one single contact point on the crutch handle. I almost discarded the product realizing I can't use it as crutch handlebar wrap, but I paid enough for it that I can't bear to throw it away.
I purchased this pump to inflate the index inflatable kayak. It will not run out of your vehicle so it was a bad purchase for my particular application.
The application does not start for me in Singapore
I ordered 12 of these lights and 4 popped and blew out within minutes of plugging them in. Don't waste your money!
slide fell off after less than 20 cycles. Save your money.
website very slow and could not watch tv
Doesn't work. Hoverboard just tips over.
Super idea, but these do not stay on toilet
Amazon Prime customer since 2011. Purchased this item over a week ago with next day shipping instead of doing the free shipping route and has yet to arrive. They have continued to sell this item twice now even though they are out-of-stock leaving people back ordered instead of filling wait-orders. Do not purchase this item or you will be stuck in limbo with a hole in your pocket.
Ours broke before we could even use it!
loved this TV and have a model 2 years older that is running great. picture went out. I guess Samsung doesn't make them like they used to.
This is not an RPG. At no point are you actually playing A character or influencing any sort of story. This is just another base building game with nothing innovative or new that we have not seen in hundreds or thousands of others. One could try to call this A strategy game but it's got scant little of that to bother with too. I installed this because I was looking for 5* RPGs and what I found was frustratingly NOT that.
I was very disappointed in this product. If you like lots and lots of peanuts, you'll be happy with this product...I would say at least half the bag. However, I prefer mixed nuts and this was truly a rip off.
All of these apps are amazingly lame and should not be advertised on the Amazon app store. This simple technology decision clearly exposes the inadequacies of the fire tablet versus the ipad. Disappointing!!!!
There's really nothing to do in the game, you really just sit there and just watch and hope you'll win. The flying to different parts of the slide to get ahead is not good, it won't correctly aim where you want it to go. I believe this is not a good game and if you are looking into getting it, please consider all of this.
If I could give this stool a lower rating I would. It is impossible to put together. If I had known that you had to construct the stool each time you use it I would never had ordered it.
This product seemed awesome at first! Keeping the water warm and with good pressure. That is, until my boyfriend used it a second time. It quickly went from a shower to a drizzle to a drip in the span of less than 10 seconds upon trying to use it a second time the next day. We are incredible disappointed with this product and will be replacing it with a better one from a different maker.
I have used OneNote forever, but in my new kindle fire, it won't login for me either!
never received package, I think they may of delivered to the wrong building there is no mail room only a mail box
Zipper broke within using the first week and the snap stopped working. very disappointed.
This was a 2018 Christmas gift for my daughter. We have had issues right out of the box. First with a broken piece laying at the bottom of the box. Reached out to merchant, took them a bit and a few emails to respond, and even longer to send replacement part, which still falls off because a broken piece was sent. In those initial emails I mentioned that the board does not stay charged for long even after we have charged it for the required time. We were told to do a reset and let it charge again, still not working properly. Our daughter as rode this all of 4 times since she got it. I have reached out the vendor for resolution, we will see what comes of it. We just want a working hover board.
I have bought these previously in 2018 and have gotten my code instantly right after purchase. In 2019, however, it has been about 3 hours and it is still pending verification. I have not received any emails from amazon or anything else for that matter. Prior to purchase, I was asked to verify my card number, and I am assuming this was done to prevent fraudulent charges; however, why does this verification take so long? Just send an email to verify the purchase and be done with it!
The bars are so hard that they barely leave a trace on the leather, and you have to press with all your might to get anything to transfer. What does transfer are little blobs that do not smooth out and spread evenly. Not only are the bars useless, but I destroyed two pieces of leather attempting to get them to transfer.
For the price I would have been happy if these were good for at least a one time use. These will not even stick once. Save your money.
My package arrived opened with no flashlight inside on my doorstep today. This has never happened before. Amazon has nowhere listed on their website to report this, so sadly I'll have to accept the lost money and leave a 1 star review.
Can I give it less than one star ? I TRY to open this on my kindle and it tells me I have a mandatory update so I hit the button to go to my Amazon app and guess what? There is no update there if there is Idont know where they hid it this sucks I guess they don't want my money very bad. Too bad for them I will shop somewhere else.
This item cost almost 4 times the amount that was charged for the black and white set sold by Amazon. Did not notice the price discrepancy when ordering. It's a cheap set and not worth the money.
What's happen with the item I ordered? Are you sure this is the new product ?
Super Awful software. Absobuly hate this software. Terrible quality! Totally junk! Waste my time. I don't like it.
Got ripped off by these punks
Where is the number to call for complaints????? I purchased $300 worth of gift cards that state delivered but do I have them? No! Been home all day as well
Don't buy it I am very disappointed I received today and I find that the glasses have two big scratches not good quality at all I don't suggest any body buy from them
I paid but did not receive the order
My son told me how foolish I was for paying 14 bucks for Open Office which is a free download online :( Google "Open Office" before buying this from this seller. I'm an old disabled man living on soc sec and can't afford to throw away what little I get!
The fiberglass rods were broken at the metal joints. As a result pieces of fiberglass were all in my fingers and hands. Because the rods were broken it was extremely difficult to get back in the box to return. Will not purchase another one.
The motor quit after 1 year of super light work blowing up pool toys. The pump was never run for more than 5 minutes at a time.
The resolution on this thing, even when using an HD source via HDMI at close range is crap. Additionally, it will NOT power on from a 5v/2a source. The manual says there is a built in power supply with an on / off switch. Mine has an on/off switch, but that doesn't work either. The fine print in the product description states that there is no built-in power supply, despite the manual saying otherwise...what's going on here? This is advertised as a battery powered, portable projector. Even if the fine print claims otherwise, it's falsely advertised and a cheap product.
See the picture. It poped OK but after few hours some wind blew and it was broken. So weak.
The transitioning lenses are not polarized which was the main thing I was looking for. I didn't want to carry 2 safety glasses for work but I still do. The tint are not dark at all but the frame is pretty comfortable. I just wish they sold replacement lenses if you want different colors or polarized etc. Just disappointed in the he tint and they're not polarized transitioning lenses.
Busted arm seam within 10 minutes of it on.
Not real fortnite also way to many ads kindle should not even have this as a option to play
FUCKING SHITTY GAME!! I TRIED GETTING MY PROGRESS BACK AND IT DIDN'T LITTLE FUCKERS! WHO THE HELL IS RUNNING THIS GAME ELF'S FROM THE NORTH POLE CAN'T SEE SHIT ON THE SCREEN, CAUSE THEIR SO FUCKING SHORT! GOD DAM.
I wanted to enjoy this app but always running into advertisements. I deleted.
First time using and the shaft bent 90 degrees. All the pieces I've put in the drill are not straight. They wobble terribly...which is unsafe. They must be using steel that isn't hardened or spun before packaging. I probably will be throwing the whole set away after I try one more thing. They are just too unsafe to use.
Was very skeptical to buy this item because of the price. Unfortunately I did not like the glasses, they felt very light and cheap and the Lenses weren't dark enough. Also they fit a little to small
Quit working within 3 months. Only used about three times a week to light three candles. Return window closed and can't return.
Unless you want your item to come weeks past the date they said it will arrive and for them to keep changing the delivery date on you do not but form this company. They will lie to you on the date you will get the item and it will take a whole month to ship to your house. On top of that they will not give you a tracking number to help you track your item and they expect you to call a different company to get it to your house. its a huge difficult process to get your item. i have been waiting for three weeks now and was told i need to wait another 2 weeks. Do not buy form this company! Do not buy anything! They are not good to work with and take forever to help you. They should not be selling TV on Amazon if this is how they will treat there customers.
Would not let me use my Seagate media plus to show my movies on the tv screen.
Simply stopped pumping air after a certain point. Very annoying.
Lasted a little over a month before it completely started deflating from an unknown source. Poor quality and had to be thrown away.
I want this gone but it seems to have permanently attached its parasite self to my fire:(
The product had poor zippers that failed on first gentle use. Also liner fell apart at seems on first use. This was used to sleep on a couch by a 120 lb child. There was no abuse I was in the same room. Product looks good on outside but interior was poorly made. No stop on the internal zipper. It came off in my hand while I was looking at the bag and I could not repair it. The lining looks good but did not last the first ten minutes of use.
Product wasn't even close to what was advertised. Did not meet my needs
I can't review this game, because it didn't work on Fire TV Stick, even though it said it was compatible. The game installed and the intro played, but when it got to the start screen nothing worked to get the game to start.
There are only trailers and behind the scenes for movies on this app. Disappointing.
I work with computers. I installed this software thinking to take an image of my HD. After install, there were 4-5 apps running in the background. The computer started loading slow, I mean it is like a crawl. The computer is on a corporate domain and had faster loading before the install. I have disabled the services, then it is much faster.
I bought 3. All 3 broke on the first job where i used them.
Metal is so thin it did not survive shipping. It's much smaller tiny v the Amazon picture.
I wrote a review, but it got lost somehow. Basically the blades scratched up.
I like the stand, however the 1st one arrived not working. I worked with the seller and was advised to return it for a replacement. It arrived within a day, in time to take to my daughter Dorm Room. She liked it and it worked for a week or two and stopped working. I finally just had to ask for a refund. Sorry, it didn't work out
The light works fine but the power of the fan is not what I was expecting I can barely feel the fan, even when it is placed right next to me. Maybe I got a bad fan/ light. I wouldn't recommend it
poor quality....it tears very easy....save your money and buy a better quality screen
I rarely order fresh herbs from fresh, and this morning they reminded me why. I have never seen such an old, limp, dried out bunch of cilantro ever. Not even sure how they did it- I have left cilantro for weeks on end as well and it just gets slimy. Not sure why anyone thought it was fine to deliver to my house?!?!? Disgusting
Don't buy, my package came opened and all over the envelope it came in and I cant send it back and get a new one
This is NOT the product received. It was a gift and was sent directly to the recipient, so today was the first time that I saw the cooler in person. INCREDIBLY DISAPPOINTED
Have a back-up light ready as this light may fail on a pitch dark trail. False lifetime warranty from the manufacturer.
I received the item damaged. Requested a replacement but never received a reply from the seller.
Woke up on the floor
Broken after 2months
Seriously, I don't see how all these good reviews aren't planted. EVERYTHING in this game is total s***. Hot d***, this might be one of the worst games on the Amazon market. It hurt to even open the app the second time. Either I'm insane, or refraining from even looking at this app is highly advisable course of action.
If there was a way to put negative stars I'd do negative 5 stars it honestly doesn't do anything it smells like apples which is great but it really doesn't clear up the skin
Grandchildren added without my knowledge!
Cannot download update. This is the second time this has happened to me. I lost credits in my account both times. Goodbye Cookie Jam.
I had a hard time hearing a difference on my Amazon Echo.
I did not receive my item it was for my dad's Father's Day gift
I was really disappointed in the roblox. I thought I was getting a gift card for my granddaughter. NOooo, I have to down load something it, that is not the Birthday gift I thought I was going to get. If I can find a phone number for Amazon I would return it. I feel like I wasted $25.00.
This product does not fit my bike at all, so I can't use it.
Developed an allergy to cashews out of nowhere. Odd.
It simply doesn't function. Since I bought it in July to be an anniversary gift for my wife in September, it appears that I cannot return it. I am not happy.
Sadly this unit features a useless pressure gauge that moves in random arcs rather than showing the pressure in the tire. The hose to nozzle connection leaks. Not well built. At least it came in a much used box. Not worth the cost of postage to return.
I don't think whoever made this tool bag actually ever test fit it with real tools. Getting a hammer in&out of the loop requires 2 hands. The loop for your tape measure is too thick so that takes 2 hands as well and the pouches aren't big enough to fit a standard 25ft tape easily. Even the loops for your pens are way too tight. I can't fit a sharpie into those things without, you guessed it, 2 hands. Don't waste the $12 on this garbage.
If you plan on doing tricks with this bike, do not buy this one.
The color for blond was way too light! Turned my eyebrows a bit green. I recommend anyone with dark blond hair to get a shade darker, just not the blond. Especially if you are trying to go for a more natural look.
We purchased these to hand out to trick-or-treaters that opted for a Teal Pumpkin Project treat. They are not packaged individually, you'll have to do that yourself if desired. Honestly, the quality is awful. None of them glowed in the dark, and they all had a roughness that might hurt the kids' mouths. I had to throw away over half of them because they either had black marks like ink stuck to them that wouldn't come off, or snags and tears in the plastic that could have caused cut gums. The color is clear since they were supposed to glow so they looked ridiculous. Save your money and look elsewhere.
Bent on the first slat that had 3 nails. The fulcrum tube is WAY too thin. Now i have to either cut the pieces apart and weld in a new tube or return it to get my money back. After looking around at all these in this site, i figured none of them would last very long. But I actually thought the forks would break off first. I think I will just weld in a new tube and see what gives next. I wonder if it would be worth it to keep sending the substandard received items back because they don't look like the pictured item?
Not very good. Won't do the trick. Not the quality I was looking for. Don't let the description fools you! I'm not happy with this software! Never use Again.
I tried to install the diffuser lens. I'm possible to open. Had to use pliers just to open. When I finally got it open I discovered they didn't include the diffuser lens. Just another smooth lens. Then I couldn't s screw the cover back on anyway. Whoever assembled it initially probably cross threaded it. What a pain in the ... Worked great other than that. I'll have to contact customer service. See what happens.
These people Robbed me of my money do not order from them
Entire order/shipment was not delivered to my home.
The quality of the tools is not good!
It says the dvd cant be played in my region. Wish i could know that it was coming from out of the country.
Is this a joke? Card looks used. Wasnt even stick to cardboard when received and the glue on back of card is filthy, card is scratched up, pin strip looks stickered on and completely crooked... looks used. This is a gift fort my daughter..... just hoping it will work and i didn't get jipped. I'm not going to be happy if I'm out $25 .
The bike itself appears to be good quality for the price however, upon opening the package I realized that the front wheel had been forcibly attached to the side of the frame of the bike. The pedal was delivers jammed into the spokes of that front tire. The assembly was not easy, and after an hour of assembling the bike and tinkering with the breaks, I realized the frame of the front wheel was bent. There was also multiple scuffs on the frame of the bike. This was a birthday present for my wife. Now I must repackage this and return it. Very disappointing.
Runs small. Couldn't fit it so I returned it
The description stated the product was made of concrete but it is made of low grade painted 1/4 plywood. I will not use and will return.
Good price, but ripped on first use.
Started making loud noises after 3 months of using it.
Used it one time. That night I awoke to the foul smell of a gas leak. The valve was closed, but the unit must have been faulty because it emptied the entire canister of propane.
Product arrived on time but it was all downhill from there. Exterior box was a beat up Walmart.com box. The two individual products had no packaging and were just thrown in the box with some packing peanuts. Items appear used when described as new. Don't waste your time.
I am literally stopping in the middle of a bathroom demo to tell you how unhappy I am with these safety glasses. I would rather risk going blind than to have to deal with the constant fogging of these glasses. It takes a lot to make me write a bad review, but here I am. I DO NOT recommend these to anyone. They look good and are comfortable, but what's the point if you can't see out of them? Do some more research and find a better alternative.
I was literally sent a dirty used frisbee that didn't even light up.
That I paid what I did for such a small amount of product
I ordered this item few weeks ago to upgrade my door opener. I didn't opened the package immediately because I wasn't ready to install it, but when I tried to start my job, surprise, the reflector was missed. Now I need postpone my work and I need to buy one at my own cost for at least $20. I am very disappointed. Not very serious at all !!!
Don't use if you are hiking a big mountain.
The blades do not lock on my Dremel even though it says they are compatible with dremel
I ordered 2 units of this but received instead a 3 pack of the smaller vials of holy water, not the item in the photo.
Great sander but mine Is missing the dust collection system, it wasn't included
Didn't work at all!!! Total waste of money. My daughters hair is dark blonde and mine is medium brown. We camped on the beach for over a week and both used this spray the entire time. Bottle is empty now but no change to either of our hair.
This game is doo doo
Did not receive the magnetic closure with my lid. Others are saying it's counterfeit. I'm not sure if mine is or not. I was very disappointed that my lid was missing the magnetic piece.
Wish I read the other reviews more closely. Mine never arrived. The original arrival date came and went. The revised date came and went. Still waiting for what sounds like a low quality product. Lesson learned.
I was told not to worry that the tracking # I was given was wrong when I noticed my package was delivered to another state. Then I was told that it should take 3-5 business days to ship after o had been waiting 2 weeks. I was then told it had not shipped at all yet. Amazon was very helpful bit Echo was a joke. I got a refund of money after 2 weeks of waiting.
I ordered a bike lock, which is labeled on the item that arrived. However, inside was a backcountry stove.
Do not buy, hdmi ports near dead after less then a year
I crashed offroad with this pseudo armor and every protector just slid off, leaving me with tons of deep wounds where the armor should have protected me. If you want something that looks safe go ahead, buy this, but if you're looking for actual armor, look for something else.
The order was delivered to Florida and I live in Ohio. It was ordered for a kitchen remodel and there was a deadline to be met. The company did however refund my money quickly and offer a 10% discount if ordered again. I had to search our local area because I couldn't wait another 2 weeks for delivery.
Most Stories End Abruptly Leaving You Wondering What You Just Watched. If You Loved The Original Series Stay Away From This. The Only Series That Stood Up To The Original Was Night Visions.
Product fell apart within a month of buying it
Can was destroyed. Dented and definitely done before shipping. No return allowed. Don't buy!
This VPN service is extremely slow, recommenced spending a little more for a better service.
Did not like the size of the game it was not exciting at all.
Didn't receive product
I originally wanted the Vont brand lantern as I used one in the field and was very impressed. This seemed to be virtually the same and had 1000+ reviews so I bought with confidence. First impression was it felt cheap but led lights were bright. First one worked but the lantern would not turn off when shut. The second would not even turn on. Didn't even bother to unwrap the other two. Junk. Returned and bought the Vont brand which I am very happy with.
This "perfume" smells like something died in the bottle!!! I have not found a single person who would even take it from me because it smells so bad and I am not allowed to return it. Save your money on this. Go to Ross stores and you can find it for less than $20 bucks. You'll still stink but at least it won't cost you $100 to smell like a rotting corpse!
Nothing as described on Amazon page. 1) Super bright, no, as dim as Button Cell Battery LED lights. 2) Tactical, no, it is more like Dollar store item. 3) Switch broke, during on/off testing. So I couldn't have even taken in the field. 4) No longer listed on Amazon page. I wonder why?
Cheap, both items were damaged, had cuts and chunks missing from the metal, not even sure if it's worth the hassle of returning.
Too busy. Too much going on. Takes a lot of storage & will slow your tablet down. Better off to take a pretty picture and use that for your background.
Terrible quality, NOT sterling silver..very disappointed. Late being shipped.
High price ,minimum channels
this season has 6 hours of content. a lot to pay for four one and one half hour programs?
The one I got was junk. The buckles don't latch so they pop open when you try to compress.
I did not like them they were to bulky.
worst piece of junk that Coleman ever designed! Instead of pushing button in to dispense liquid, the button surround pulls out. Terribly hard to use!!!!
Thought I could get by with these for my small project, as it was worth the gamble I've gambled and lost before so it is what it is. If you plan on cutting something like a butter lid you can get by, but nothing any thicker!!
Had to cancel after receiving only four articles for the second Sunday in a row. I was told by Amazon help desk that the problem lies in how the Detroit News sends content to Amazon. I used to subscribe to the e-edition directly from the Detroit News but cancelled that due to having to contact them every few months regarding their double billing me with no explanation. I really wish the Detroit News would get their act together in subscription services - I do miss the newspaper.
Would give 0 stars if possible because I have never received my subscription nor have I been refunded or credited even after contacting Amazon 3 TIMES via chat!!!!
I never got the product or my money back
The first one I ordered did not work right out of the box. I was provided a replacement which worked fine until the first battery replacement. After replacing the batteries I could not get it to work. Very disappointing as it not an inexpensive pen light.
Won't load even a bit. And it does not have a lot of options. So sorry not for me. Plus I make better houses.
This game was only a few levels that took me less then 5 minutes to finish.
Looked nothing like the color shown. It's more like neon pink. Disappointed as i could never wear it and it's expensive
I thought these coolers were suppose to keep ice for a couple of days I put one bag every morning an sometimes two bags a day my igloo cooler kept ice two an sometimes three day I dont recommend buying this cooler
Filter arrived broken and would not stay in filter holder. Also leaked badly.
Died after a month. Haven't used it that much. When I try to charge it, both green light and red light flashes indicating defective battery.
We bought this socks for a long international flight. My husband liked them. Then, I washed them, following the washing instructions. They shrunk and he cannot get them on his feet. Problem is, we received them in August for a month-long trip beginning in September. By the time we got home, the return date had passed. They are useless. I wish I had bought compression socks from another vendor, like REI which stands behind its products for a year.
hard to zip,needs 2 zipper pulls,each end.
Broke in 2 weeks. Not good. Daughter needed it for show. Very very disappointed
This was not good just don't buy
If I could award zero stars, I would. This product as delivered was extremely disappointing. The product box was damaged (even though the box in which it was delivered was completely intact and looked fine) and the mounting bracket and hardware that were supposed to be included with the light were nowhere to be found. I do not recommend this in any way, particularly as I was not able to install it without the bracket and hardware.
I don't have a clue what it is.
Just not very much fun to play.
You sent me an EMPTY BOX. I returned the empty box to you. Now you aren't refunding me!!!! I want this fixed immediately. Thank you
Bad graphics, stupid, monotonous game.
Definitely not as comfortable as turtle beaches. These seem to irritate my ear lobes as if these are made for childrens ears perhaps? I wouldn't buy them again.
Cannot rate a product that does not work. Have done 5 auto scans. TV NEVER GETS PAST THAT MESSAGE TO AUTO SCAN. Structure is flimsy cheap materials. Do NOT buy this Product
Had to constantly change battery. Worked sometimes
Dreadful product: 0.0 stars – I'm not even sure that it is not counterfeit. There is a bit storage in the back end of the screwdriver that on its first use it sheared off the plastic storage clips for the bits (see pics). It is additionally impossible without another implement to remove the bits in the front with out some implement like a fingernail or other. Complete junk.
COMPANY DOES NOT STATE ANYWHERE THEY DO NOT HONOR RETURNS. I NEED TO RETURN THIS, AND THE COMPANY THAT SHIPPED IT STATES THEY DO NOT ACCEPT RETURNS, TO REFER TO AMAZON RETURNS. I CAN'T GET AMAZON TO HELP ME EITHER.
I COULD NOT GET THE BATTERY INSIDE FOR NOTHING ONLY ONE WORK BUT THE REST NEVER GOT A CHANGE CAUSE THE BATTERY NEVER COULD FIT IN THE HOLE WHEN I ADDED THE BATTERY
I bought it some time in August and have not gotten it. I wrote them a email and I have not gotten a reply.
Not happy with this product. Complete utter feces. Broke! Fake product! Dont buy this. Not well made.
Movie was fine, but shipped without a case. Not specified in the selling description. Now I have a movie without a case in my library
Never received the item not sure who is to blame USPS or Amazon 🤷🏻‍♀️ Short $60 and USPS doesn't care where they dropped it off... waiting on amazon at this point.
It sucks would never buy or tell my friends about this.
After about 6 months, I lost the copper part, since I have no sound at all. Before that, during the cold season, bell wasn't working most of the time. Very disappointed.
Tight and rides up, this is not what I expected!
It may be because my tattoos are so dark, but this didn't cover them very well. I have a couple on my wrists that I was trying to cover up and after the layers, you could still see both very clearly. In addition, it only lasted an hour or so. It started to ball up and rub off very quickly. I followed the directions, used a primer and finisher, and it still didn't work very well. As I mentioned before though, it may just be because my tattoos are very dark.
Just got home I found my package super excited. Then I opened my package super bummed! The scalp and hair treatment leaked the entire bottle is now empty and the box is full guess it got the thicker fullness I wanted
Couldn't wear it because it rubs the inside of your underarms raw. Bad product.
These fell apart after about 4 hrs. Cute sticker on ends. Just stopped working also.
Used once. And I dont mean over a weekend. Once. My son had to keep inflating it throughout the night. He finally gave up, left the tent, and decided to sleep in the hammock.
I love word perfect but this is the 10 year old version. I had to return it and reorder WordPerfect office x8 which is for windows 10
So in the photo on here it looks like the print on the label is raised and glittery. NOPE. The print is essentially a PHOTO of raised glittery font that they printed off from somewhere online. They're also super small. I put one on a mini bottle of champagne and the font was barely legible. These are absolute trash.
Poorly made medal bends and it is simply impossible to place this well enough where it just doesn't twist out. Buy the kind that mounts by the crank and not where this type attach near the rear tire
The worst purchase I've ever made!!! A full waste of money. After reading certain reviews I decided to give it a try, hence why I took a few days to write my review. After each time the stove was used, it just got worse. It was burning itself out. Not only that but the mess and residue it left under was worse than the mess that gets done on a day to day basis. Definitely will not be buying again. Not happy at all.
Very disappointed, when I opened the Amazon box the creamers in the bag were broken. Amazon doesn't offer refund or exchanges on this item. Guess I'm taking a loss on this one. The product itself is great when it doesn't arrive damaged.
Poor quality!!!! Very disappointed
Ok I love the seria but I am really tired of the filler and this set has nothing but that doesn't even touch on main story still ok since it's naruto but I am really jus sick of the filler already :/
Nothing I liked false advertising noth My like the video
had to return. could not use on 120v
Upon opening the container it looked wet inside. When I unscrewed the freezer tube I notice a big crack and fluid leaking. Disappointing that my son will not be able to use for his game tomorrow.
This soldering iron seems to be built well. However the one sent to me does not get hot. I contacted the seller right away and was redirected to another support contact that wants me to find and deliver the defective unit to a drop off site. For $9.00 I'm not willing to invest 2 hours of my day to search for and drive to a drop off site to return it . I really believe If a working unit had been received I would have been pleased with this soldering iron.
Meat is so hard & tough. Not for senior dogs missing teeth. Even heating it won't soften it. Don't understand why each variety is so hard to cut in pieces. I understand that switching dog foods can cause upset tummy but her stomach made noises all night & she vomited it up in the morning. Will try again to introduce this food into her diet but I'm apprehensive.
It sucks! Not compatible with my device!
Like many others I only received three of the patches from my order of six. I have LOVED everything else I have tried from this brand and was looking forward to trying these.
This item worked very well right up until it didn't. The unit after three weeks of minimal use (indoor only) started to have issues. The unit would suddenly be very sporadic in its' movement and then shut down without warning. Charging the device did not seem to help. The low battery warning did not activate, which leaves us to believe there was something wrong with it. It should also be noted that the charger got extremely hot when charging.
amazon I am sorry to say that this product came into use. I feel dissatisfied because my purchase was not a used product.
Bad product. Used one day and hoverboard never charged. Wanted and exchange, seller agreed but exchange never happened. I had to pay for return shipping on their defective product. Avoid the headache of going back and forth with seller and purchase product somewhere else.
I literally couldn't figure out how to get this to work as described. It's cheap, messy, and not worth a penny of the price. The "hairline optimizer" comb is a joke and the applicator makes no sense. Love Toppik, but save your money and just sprinkle it on yourself.
Started smoking after 5 minutes of light finish sanding. Returned it and looking at Makita.
Arrived crushed. Box of crumbs.
The app idea is a great idea, however it will NOT work without being on the parents profile which is pretty ridiculous because that enables purchases and our son inadvertently spent roughly $100 in one day! I guess (thankfully) he bought so many so quickly it froze our account to which he complained and we were able to get most charges reversed.
What is happening? Also, I am not able to reach out to the seller. Very disappointed
THE SELLER SENT IT TO INCORRECT ADDRESS!!! so I didn't get it at all!!!
It took me a while to get this installed and the mechanism leaks air. Too late for a return, so wasted that money.
Ítem arrived opened, the main box has a little hole and the hole box of screws get lose, maybe they have to have better packing
the handle came apart the second time we used it and it was leaking from somewhere. too bad....
The cord broke off after the third time wearing it
I'll be sure to try to help future customers by commenting on buy from amazon in reference to buying software. and saving $10 may not be worth it if the software is not as advertised. But Amazon should be doing that! Customer satisfaction is NOT always guaranteed. If you buy direct and pay More you can get a refund!
The TV is great if it works, but it quickly deteriorated. First there were dead zones on the sides, then random flashes, then even more random flashes frequently. Unfortunately, Amazon can't do anything, and TCL customer service is terrible. They required absurd amounts of proof to even have a technician look at it. Videos had to be taken and emailed, which the owner of the tv was not even capable of doing. She told them this, and they offered no other way. The TV will just be left broken because of TCL, and the $700 will be wasted. I so wanted this TV to be great, but it is unfortunately made by an incompetent company.
The product isn't working well as described. It's a terrible quality. Product is terrible. Nothing great. Much worse than I was expecting! Very disappointing... Would not recommend.
Was not clear enough sound at all. Sounds fuzzy. Super upset I waited this long to get it
Was advertised to include free dlc. Did not include free dlc.
Horrible!! Takes payment & doesn't provide items!!
It was ok but wasn't really what I was looking for
No pairing. Tried several times.
Returned this item, never used, and never received my refund. I have emailed and gotten no response from seller. This is my second time posting a review, however, I'm sure it will be deleted like the last one. Don't do business with this company.
rather use a a toothpick
This product advertised to be a set of 4 but you will only receive one bottle of shampoo. Save your money and buy elsewhere!!!
The print is so small that you are not able to read it. Save your money!
Didn't care much for the water,hardly no strawberry flavor at all.The orange flavor I tried also the same way,not much orange flavor at all.probably won't be buying these again .I'll stick to the plain water which is actually good when it's icy cold.Sorry just didn't enjoy these because of the flavor issue.
removed battery front lens came out and will not work anymore this was a week after received.
The first bag we received fell apart after one use. The replacement bag also fell apart after one use. Terrible quality.
It came to me damaged. The plastic box was broken in the top right corner
Showed up and the suction cups on the bottom looked old dirty and used as well as ripped and falling apart in some areas. On to the 2nd photo, the safety release valve was jammed in there scratching the product in the process and rendered it useless. You can't let any air out. What idiot put that part on and said yeah that's good. It doesn't even work! Pathetic considering you fork out your hard earned cash on an item. Third photo least of the worries but just continues to display the poor quality as you can see the weld going beyond the bracket it was intended to hold. And of course like other reviews on their compressors there was debris in the tank so I had to get a wrench and complete my remove the drain valve to get the debris out. So hopefully you got some muscle to pick the compressor up and tilt it all directions to get everything out. Highly disappointed and at this point I don't care how quiet it is. The safety valve jammed in there and useless probably upsets me the most.
I couldn't get it in,but it was nice,just wish it unscrewed.
Horrible product! Used only once and had to throw it out froze my fingers and cut the seam
Too heavy, but it works.
What is this? Don't remember anything called HINT. Please explain.
Haven't really been able to find the download, let alone play it...
I ordered this as a christmas gift a week ago, today I was issued a refund without any information. After 30 minutes of Amazon customer service chat I was told the company just wasn't going to fulfil my order. No explanation.
i just receive this item and it's broken!!! need to be replace!!! but this company said they don't do returns!!🤬🤬
The faux leather on the spine and edges is peeling off. I have had this for about one month and I noticed it within the first week. I use my kindle stand quite often and have never had this problem before.
Product never shipped, seller was a scam. (iMart is the seller name) Many bad reviews of seller. Do NOT purchase from this seller is my recommendation. Amazon refunded the money promptly.
Doesn't do much in terms of eliminating brass or conditioning. Oh well. I'll keep trying.
Bad game simple as that!!
I ordered xxx- large and they sent size medium.
A rubbish software. Rubbish. Don't waste your time. Fake software! Thumbs down. Not very attractive.
If you love the book, you will NOT like the movie! The story that plays in my head is WAY better than what translated onto the screen. BIG disappointment!
If your buying for a child it should be fine.
VCR did not play any VHS tapes and chewed one up!!
These bottles are not leak proof. Contents will leak out it in a position other than upright.
Battery never work Seller never responded
You only get coins of words that are not in the board. The coins after you pass goes into a piggy bank that you have to pay to get them out. Which is not fair ... I liked it the beginning but after I noticed all the coins going into the piggy bank ... Not worth it!
never received this item
I HATE movies shot as if from a handheld camera. I'm still motion sick from having watched it. If I wanted to watch this kind of garbage, I'd watch other people's home videos. That said, I watched the entire thing, since I bought it (My bad for thinking that just because I like this director's other work, that I should buy this). It did have a story and some big surprises, but none of that made it worth sitting through for 1 hour 34 minutes. I sure hope someone else would like to buy this from me since I have no desire to ever sit through this again. Truly AWFUL! 1 star is being more than generous.
Don't know that this is
Blade has a kink in it. Your produces an erratic cut.
0 stars but it makes me choose one. Didn't work. Blank disc. Rip off
ordered in April 2018 wire broke in January 2019 not worth it no way to return it. can't get any details on the 12 month warranty
Cover says Season 6 but discs are Season 5. Returning. I've already seen Season 5.
Love hydroflask but this particular straw top does not work at all
Seal was bad and ice melted in a day. Top was visibly warped. Sent message to Yeti and they told me to return to amazon. Unfortunately the only way to get a new one before my trip is to pay $70 in expedited shipping. Amazon wouldnt reimburse due to inconvenience because it came from an outside seller.
Charging ports we're bent upon arrival making it impossible to charge
We buy gluten-free, organic, grass fed, etc. This product smells so bad. Even my kids walked in kitchen...even the packaging..they said, "What's that smell. It smells like dog poop." I can't eat anything that smells like that. I did bring it to my hubby to eat and he even said YUCK on taste. The smell!!!! ewwww
Comes in and is in the trash in > 5 minutes
I never got my order. In my email it said that it has been delivered but I checked my security cameras and nothing came in.
Only disc 1 is included. This kind of scum should be banished from amazon.
The DVD was in Spanish. I went through the Amazon channels, had an email from the company and returned it as instructed. Never got my money back.
me and my mom hated the taste of this product
I love this movie, however the dvd i purchased did not display on my tv. Only had audio.
I wish i would have read the reviews before buying this. I'm in Japan, had all settings on my Xbox to US and English and the download still didn't work and said to change my language settings. Buy the hard copy for sure.
Scraper broke immediately
Even the bigger bag was To small for what my dad needed but good concept , came fast
I would like to rate it but it did not yet arrive as promised!
5 of the 6 cans of carrots were dented. One so badly the seal had been broken. The cost of mailing them back would be outrageous. What is my recourse? I hate to buy 6 cans and be able to use but one!! Can you help me out with this problem?
That's not my need. I hate it! Not the quality they describe. Nothing great. Awful design. Really disappointed.
Did not receive the APP
NOT GOOD AT ALL , BROKE TWO MINUTES AFTER I WEAR IT , CLEAR PLASTIC TOP FELT OFF. DONT RECOMEND ANYBODY ELSE TO BUY IT . SO DISSAPPOINTED . WANT MY MONEY BACK .
I don't know how they did it but this kt tape is both hard to remove and can't stay in place all day.
One of the worst products I ever purchased from Amazon! Don't bother not worth the effort.
In September of 2017 I purchased my first Epson 2150 home projector. That projectors to work.. Being under warrant, the factory replaced it. Then, that replacement also failed. Shortly after receiving and installing the second replacement projector, it's lamp also failed. Now on October 15th 2018, they are shipping my fourth unit. All three had bulbs that failed to light up after a minimum of five to ten hours service. Epson has confirmed I have received defective units an offers there apologies. I asked to pay extra to upgrade, but was told it was not an option. They will continue to replace them until that model is discontinued. I hope my fourth unit is better than the first three.
Horrible game. Constantly freeze and shuts down
This DVD did not play.
Tried to use our Little Chef smoker and it kept tripping our breaker no matter what circuit we plugged it into. We talked to a couple of our friends who owned these. They said it was a piece of junk and not even worth messing with. Needless to say it's sitting by the road, ready for the trash man to pickup it up. How disappointing!!
Not even close in size!
become less and less interested Too much politics.
Only received one when the listing says two. I was unable to get a response back to get the second one sent. The only way to fix it was return the one and reorder, which I find irritating.
Not very fitting for the phone. Had to take it off since I couldn't use my full screen with it on.
One pedal broke 8 months after installing them new.......cheap plastic area on foot area better buy an alloy.
Brushes denigrate as soon as you start using them
Pointless. I under the app in one day.
Could not tighten on my handlebars to stay in place
I hate reviews that don't follow instructions or give the product long enough to work so so decided to do this right. I hate access hair and have tried a lot of different ways to get rid of it. I saw this online and hoped it would work but I wanted to be sure. I decided to follow the instructions perfectly and do only one of my legs so I could do a comparison. I used an epilator and rubbed the product in for the length of time suggest and for several days in a row. I followed this routine for a year without fail. At the end my hair on my right leg was the same as my left. Absolutely no difference. I hate to say it because I wanted it to work so bad but it certainly didn't work for me.
I'm fairly easily pleased with movies --- anything entertaining will get three stars from me. The plot line had potential, but the acting was horrid. Please do not waste your money or your time.
Damn waste of money didn't even last a year
After one or 2 charges the battery signals defective by the charger a month after I first used it.
These are miniature like the size of your fist. Not enough yarn to complete one item. Smh deception. It was a Christmas gift so I could not return it. But when your laughed at when you give a gift is not very fun. When you buy it nothing is said about miniature. Today I received an email how did you like your miniature yarn set. Well if you would have said miniature when I was shopping I ever would have bought it.
This is a horrible water bottle! It leaks so much. You can't even tip it because the water comes out. Amazon sent me a new one to replace it and the second one didn't work either.
This product was damaged. Scratched, chipped.
bad material it's already broke
Didn't know nor was I informed of being charged. A
Awful. Only got about 7 issues. Came every three to four months.
Bought this to use in the car and it was great in theory but it's just a pain. This would be good for restaurant or airplane use but for use on the back of a car seat is cumbersome.
Didn't last ever 3 months. The thing just died on me. Would not recommend
It worked for a few days and then stopped working.
Sound quality was awful, battery life was terrible. They normally lasted for an hour and and half at max. Definatly not worth $30
Ordered this to try but arrived with open plastic and product smeared all over inside of package. Two other items shipped in same box were fine. Concerned that it may be contaminated so I'll have to throw it away. Not eligible for return so guess I eat the cost of this product. Buyer beware.
They are itchy...not smooth...even after washing. Very disappointed
Several of the items did not work. The ridges on the plastic did not grip and catch.
It doesn't work at all + no instructions were sent. I'm exceedingly disappointed!
I NEVER RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT DESPITE ORDERING!
Made in India ... Poor quality and workmanship
Snaps to hold the top on vac, is cheaply made and breaks easy. The hose slips off all the time from the vac, so over all shop vac has improved the vac to stainless steel but went backwards on everything else, which makes it worse than the plastic models.
Purchased on April 5, 2018, used twice and the stripping blades are already BENT (will not mate). We compared these to a set of Kleins my buddy had in his tool bag and there's definitely something fishy about the "metal" these are made from. His Klein pair have thicker metal and will NOT budge when we tried to separate the two opposing blades, while the Southwire started bending just with our hands. We guess that these Southwire strippers are NOT heat treated, just stamped and sharpened then sent out for sale. SENDING BACK FOR A REFUND
Bought two pair way to big sent me XL. My hand measures 8 1/2" also was supposed to be Black. Maybe M might work but now ill have to send them back go thru. All that. Thanks
I bought this for my Fire 8 tablet. I'm not going to purchase Supershieldz again. The package had three protection shields and it took all three before the last one had the least amount of bubbles. Before using, I read directions and watched the instructions video. I did as instructed and the amount of bubbles was unreal. I'm very dissatisfied. I bought a tablet for my son but different shield protectors and am glad I did. I will not purchase this product again or recommend it.
Not sure that it works. No way to tell. Had to write a review.
battery only lasts 1-2 hours
Ordered an XXS but received an XS. Was excited to receive it but was disappointed to find the wrong size was shipped.
Cup was delivered scratched and dirty. Label was stuck on with a glue that stuck to the cup- took 25 min to try and get off ( with lots of scrubbing and cleaning)
I bought 2 sets, 20 brake cables, for road bikes, and all other ends are cut off, they are just useless.
Returned. Popped the first time they used them. Not even close to worth the amount of money spent on them! Did get a full, fast return though :)
It is not fit with my electric screwdriver. It is not strong, I can not open the screw.
I don't subscribe to a cable/satellite provider. Provides very limited access to shows without a subscription. Would gladly pay a small monthly fee for access.
I have never received such a gross package. Upon opening the sealed bag, I immediately noticed a huge gash in the pants and they were fully covered in fur. I'm not grossed out by too many things, but this was obviously someone's gross return they didn't bother to take out of inventory. I could not tell you how they fit because I knew I would be sending these back.
Never received the item. Empty envelope delivered.
Just look!! It was a present, but I can't!! Terrible....
It's a lot of fluff. But what is really awful is the narrator. A VERY ANNOYING VOICE!!!!
Didn't work right out of the box.
The only reason I gave it one star is because I couldn't give it a zero
It appears most of the components in the mechanism are made of soft plastic, susceptible to warping and distortion. As such, this birthday gift for my daughter failed to function out of the box. It is being returned.
Arrived late and ripped at the seam immediately
You can get more news on the CBS Website
Probably a great tool. However do not buy from JP Tools. They sent me the wrong tool in the correct box. Pretty shady. Buy somewhere else.
Do not make any difference at night. I see the same with or without them. Total waste of money.
Upset with this...I ordered citrus cooler because I cant find a store that sells it. They send me ORANGE....which you can get everywhere....ugh
Kind of a cheaper one, I was hoping that it was better but it kept sagging and grinding on the wheels. The dog was 7 pounds so not really that heavy. I tried taking it off and putting it back on thinking maybe I did it wrong but after following the instructions many times and tightening everything, it still didn't work
This pump doesn't work. I pump and pump to fill up my bike tires but they don't inflate. The gauge shows around 20 no matter how much I pump. then when I release the lock on the pump after a lot of pumping it hisses and the air is shot out. Also the no slip surface fell off immediately
this does not fit the tablet properly. the hard plastic part doesn't keep closed and the silicon layer needs constant fixing I unfortunately purchased two so I really lost out. very disappointed
Product does not work at all
I never even got my order.
I have received two of these in a row, and both times the bonus disc has been defective and does not play. This item is ineligible for return even with Prime so be careful and buy at your own risk!
Sleeves are extremely long!!!
I was so happy to find a self inflating pad but it did not work!
I'm a fan of the Control by R+Co, but I received this Dry Shampoo as a gift and not really a fan of it. I went to return the complete unused product and *found out they don't accept returns. (*same account from order)
Not returnable. Gift recipient already has a knife sharpener so I needed to return this. Surprise! Not returnable. How annoying is that. Buyer beware!
The packaging on this was a disgrace. The product was all over the envelop and all over the other item purchased. No plastic safety seal to prevent spills. I love mustela but I'm wondering if this is a knock off
How can I check on this?
Drills are not a quality steel two of the drill bits wobbled in the drill motor, The # 8mm drill would not go through the bushing. Bushing needed to be reamed for the drill to fit.
Compass arrived damaged, the thumbscrew to hold the pencil has damaged threads, not able to use with a pencil which is the whole reason I bought this product. Compass is not returnable to amazon! Really of ll the things that can be returned this can't. Buy in a local store so you don't get stuck with a broken compass that can't be returned.
I did not receive my norton protection
I received a previously opened package that was missing the Allen Wrench and the two set screws.
These are such poor quality. They broke trying to install them on a simple PVC pipe.
I can't believe I ordered this tuna AGAIN...without realizing it......horrible, just horrible tasting and the liquid contents looks like a solution of some kind of liquid with an oily substance to it. Sick to my stomach!! Genova i horrible!!!
I absolutely love the product. However, it was mailed to me without a cap on it and I think half of it is gone. It is an aerosol can and should definitely have a cap on it. Very displeased b/c I don't know if it was used before and returned or what the circumstances are. I feel like Amazon sent me a used product.
I learned my lesson and I will never buy this product online again. I've been using it for years and the one I got from this seller is not Paul Mitchell. The real label is painted on the bottle while this one is a sticker label. The product itself is different as well.
Did not fit properly, even after I cut it. Edge was too floppy to fit in small crack of gap. A waste for me.
Meh. It's too small for me to hook on a belt loop.
Why must leveling up be put behind a pay wall it's not fair because I can't obtain new weapons and armor without level
Ive gone through 2 of these. Each one had a chamber break in less then 2 months. All i did was get in bed each time.
Got one and it stopped working after about a week the sceeen would not turn on. Requested replacement and it worked one day!
worst picture i ever saw, old crt tv had a better picture , no matter what setting i used it sucked. buy a samsung spend a little more
Remote control doesn't work most of the time. Very frustrating.
I was sent the wrong size shirt ordered a medium and received a large
it came broken so am sending it back. I reordered but your packing lacks protection for the feet. Please please send the next one with better packaging. Otherwise, it will go back too if broken.
The app continues to crash and wont load games. Currently i have audio but no video. just a black screen.
The item was just what I was looking for, petite and delicate.. Unfortunately after a couple days I'm my nose or started to swell, turn red and become warm to the touch. So I took it out of my nose and tried it in my cartilage. Again after a couple of days, the same thing. So I don't know what the material is because I've never had this problem with gold.
Did not help remove the rounded bolts. In fact it just rotated around the bolt even though I used power tools to tighten this device tightly onto the bolt. Then there is the required need of extra space just to fit the device which makes using it a bit tricker in most tight spaces. I would not recommend it.
This is a good looking case that stands up very nicely. Unfortunately, the corners broke off after a couple of months, rendering it useless.
In general the image is good, I only paid 80 bucks for this projector, but if you pay the full price, you can find a few better options for a better quality image and a more silent unit for the same price. Honestly, the fan is LOUD and awful, if you use the unit in a noisy environment then is not a problem.
The product was doing well for a few months and then suddenly it stopped working. The part which you step on to create pressure in the tank stopped working and filled up with water.
Very inaccurate for marking
I was so excited to get this classic movie and show it at school, but the case came pretty cracked leaving sharp edges. The dvd plays, but the case is ruined. Nothing else in the shipping box was damaged, so I'm tempted to believe that the case was damaged before shipping.
Worked twice. Then did not. Neither with plug adapter of batteries.
Bought the set as I had 160 holes I needed in some support braces. Using the 1 7/8" bit, I was able to drill them but noticed halfway through that the edge on two of the 4 carbide edges had chipped. Given the soft wood I was using, I'm concerned about the durability of this set. This bit still left a flat hole as the other two edges were still intact. Kept the set but am not impressed.
The noise cancelling works fairly well. The problem I have with the black pair of the ear plugs is that I could not get them out of my ears. The center stem was too short to get a good hold of. I had the get a smal pair of needle nose pliers to pull them out of my ears. The other pair wasn't bad. I actually expected something a little more heavy duty. It's a nice carrying case but the plugs I can't really give a good rating.
The fire starting component is butts.
Perhaps I didn't pay enough attention to what this product is made to do, but for me, all it did was add weight and grease. There is no additional lift, no definition.
The picture shows the earrings as ovals but they are circles.
Darkening effect went out once during use right in the middle of welding. (No, that wasn't scary at all *sarcasm* ... and a little blinding). The screen does not work at all like it should. I find I have to hit the top part just above the screen most every time I use it. The screen will flicker before coming on. Sometimes it will release back to normal visibility. Sometimes. If it doesn't ... *whack!* to get it to stand down. The battery compartment has come apart along the top as the battery cover is a severe PITA to remove. (Removed battery to check it to make it wasn't dying and causing the problems). Save your money. Get something better
It advertised for an electric set and it was battery.
I did not get the nuts or bolts any of the hardware that came with itI wrote a review about it and have never heard back I need the bolt that screws into the skill saw
It does not work with my Fire TV Stick, only with the Fire TV. Like the old YouTube App.
Ok, so I bought these gloves for work. I just needed something to keep my hands warm and dry. Not really doing anything but being in the rain. After about 30 minutes or so I notice my hands are getting wet. Their warm still but wet. So I switched pairs since I bought them in a two pack. Same thing happened. They say "water proof" right on them. But my hands where soaked in only the rain. They are not water proof or even water resistant for more than the briefest of contact with water. I should have been able to submerge them in water and still be dry to be water proof as advertised. In my book these are a fail for water proof/ resistant gloves.
Would have liked directions. No clue how to attach loose strap and whether to use, when, and how.
Just got this delivered Friday, pulled it out of the undamaged box...product had big dents in top and bottom, and the grate was bent out. Just asked for a replacement. I'll update my review once I've received the next one.
The app would be 5 stars but for the ability to watch shows in Spanish. I'm trying to teach my toddler Spanish and several kid shows are available in Spanish, provided you're able to enable it. Done some research and seems no one had thought of this, which is disappointing.
Unfortunately it did not work on our tower inflatable paddle board so we had to send it back.
art doesn't go with covers. Art is all blurry . You can tell these are not original. Low quaility on picture . I Should of read reviews before buying .
not as clear as advertised for night driving for me.
Very attractive and comfortable in sandals. However, the socks cut across the tops of the toes and were very uncomfortable in closed toe shoes or boots. I would like the same degree of support with enclosed toes. . However,the socks cut across the toes and were very uncomfortable in closed toe shoes and boots.
sloppy fit on SBC crank snout, standar size. It is aluminum as the description says. I recommend finding a steel socket if you are going to use something like this very much.
Not very entertaining
Hoped to have this app provide convenience but might as well just load the website through amazon internet.
Item came in excellent packaging and in a timely manner. The reason for the 2 stars is because it contains high fructose corn syrup and it was purchased for my disabled husband and he can't eat food with this ingredient and I wouldn't have purchased if known otherwise.
I had a great deal of difficulty understanding the words. I needed sub-titles.
I wouldn't call this four-season at all. It's not very comfortable for more than 1 person and sleeping on the ground is never a good adventure under any weather. The windows are backwards. The screen can only be operated from the outside - which is a really dumb design. Also it is difficult to open the front "porch" door from the inside, even after I added parachute cords to the zipper to make that easier. The pole holders/chutes were functional but the fabric tore really easily. The stakes provided were functional but not capable of handling any sort of rough terrain and force when hammering - three were irreparably damaged when setting up camp. Lastly the tent had poor assembly instructions. The half-sheet that was provided wasn't very clear on what was what - I had to completely unpack the tent to find the inner half and that they were supposed to hoop through - I was building the tent upside down for the first ten minutes!
The basic tool is OK. What's not described in your advertisement is the tips. Hex wrenches usually have a rounded tip so they can be used at an angle. and fit deep into the screw head for a good grip. These had a flat tip, which would not grip the screw sufficient to turn. Also, the dimensions listed is the diameter of the shaft and not the dimension of the screw with which it is to be used. I was looking for Tee wrenches that worked with 2mm to 8mm screws. CLR
Arrived with one knee pad missing a strap
Was good for a while but then I began to notice it overheats, don't buy cheap android tv boxes.
Bought two. 1 has never worked..the 2nd worked for two weeks
Never arrived, but I was refunded. Thank you.
It was tremendously hard to take them out of the box that they came in. The first pair of headphones only lasted me a few days and then I found my old headphones in my sweater pocket XD
Doesn't work well at all!
It worked fine for prepared beds but if you get into hard compacted ground it's does nothing but spin on the hard dirt. It needs a better tip instead of the needle point that's it has so I'll throw this in the junk box in my shed
So I really needed these batteries for my outdoor camera so as soon as I got the package (aka today), I immediately opened it and I began to follow the instructions. I managed to charge two batteries before the cord refused to work anymore. Mind you, I needed 4 charged batteries in total, I only have two...so basically I can't use the remaining batteries cause I need a new cord to charge them ... so yes their use is wasted. I'm gonna need a replacement or a refund. Save your money and don't waste time on this like I did.
Items didn't work and took forever to receive a replacement.
Just received my cool down today and was surprised to see that the product does not fill the bottle. Is this normal? There was no safety cap, however, I did not notice any spilled product in plastic bag it was enclosed in?????
At first use the protectors disintegrated because of the heat
I bought the socks and the gloves. I am sorry, but they are not that warm. They certainly do not make either my feet or my fingers toasty, as I had hoped. Back to wool and down for me ...
I like the concept of this bag where I can take it out if I have an evening event. But the strap broke as I was getting off the Ride on.
Very noisy when moving on it.
Extreme bias. It seems that the main focus of the paper is to discredit President Trump often with views that are either dishonest or only halfway factual. Near complete absence of positive accomplishments adds greatly to the bias. I won't be renewing the subscription.
The towel is a very odd shape. I recommended washing a few times to try soften it up before you use it. Also had a hand towel (or face towel). Travel bag included. Average absorbency. Customer service is poor.
I was hoping for a few more items , then I received.
Cheap! You know when you buy something from the dollar store and you can totally tell? This item must've cost $2.50 to make all 4. Crap, do not buy.
Holes did not line up for the product this was supposedly for. But, hey, I just drilled new ones and now it works fine.
Just received these goggles today. I ordered the light blue for my wife earlier in the week. They sent a light baby blue band with a darker blue frame. I ordered myself the “blue” frame at an extra $10 because I really did not want baby blue frames, I was expecting a dark blue. I instead got a Very light baby blue frame (lighter then my wife's) with a black and white strap. We leave in for a trip to steamboat soon. Disappointed that the order was not correct. As you can see from the first photo the black and white band with the “blue” lenses is actually baby blue.
Doesn't work on my system
If you are buying them for the stylus they don't last very long although the pen part is great lasting a long time
Never could get enough coins to play for more than a few minutes. Daily bonus never worked. I only pay for coins if a game is worth it. I don't think this one is.
Pro: They are bright Con: cheap and break easily
Well acted. I love the lead actors, but otherwise, ho-hum
this app shows the programs and shows but keeps buffering while watching a show. Sometimes i have to restart my tablet to go back to the show i was watching. not happy with this app.
Thought the real singers voice would be on this
These appeared to be very high quality upon opening, but after using for a few weeks, I've noticed they are very fussy. Everything has to be aligned just right in order to re-connect the lock. It also seems to be becoming harder to turn the numbers after only a few weeks. I'm not expecting this to last more than a year.
The songs were sung too fast and the words were not very clearly heard. Hard for youngsters to get / understand the messages.
I have fine hair. Used product t for 30 days to see if it would help with frizziness. Would not recommend. Also smells very earthy.
Downloaded shazam as a change to sound hound. Tried and failed a few times, returned to sound hound.
When this works it's great. But the batteries fail quickly. I've had this for just a year & used lightly and the battery won't hold a charge.
I bought this bag for traveling and probably some hiking if I get to it. Overall, not a bad bag. I was able to fit most of my stuff in it, lots of space. The only issue I have had so far is when I opened the rain cover pocket to pull out the rain cover to test it out, it came all the way out. Meaning that the end cord was not attached to anything, so they likely sent me a damaged bag.
Unless you are a real techno, steer clear! There is nothing intuitive about this program.There are button and tabs missing the guide does not flow well, and the only assistance is an online forum that is not searchable. The only reason it gets 2 stars is that a forum user wrote back to me the next morning. Very difficult to use, even for the simplest no-music, no fancy stuff picture slide show. Used to love (and was able to use) Microsoft DVD Maker. This has been two all-night frustration sessions...
I am sorry but the smell is that of regular hair spray:( I can't use it or anything with a smell OR it was the particular can itself.
This is definitely the worst of the Detective Dee features so far. The most annoying aspect is perhaps the ludicrous CGI, but the plot is also thew weakest so far, leaning far too heavily on "magic" (as increasingly Chinese movies and dramas do) One wonders what audience this is intended for. Overall judgment: Just plain silly.
I bought this February 3 Return window ended March 5 Today is March 20 and a corner of the Kindle cover broke off This is the second time that a product made by this company did the same thing I'm wondering how long the rest of it will last I don't recommend anyone buy from this company
Could barely taste the coconut flavoring
The Nokia started off cool. However, shortly after, the phone refused to work properly. I wasn't receiving my notifications and much more. After only having the Nokia 6 for 5 months, I gave up and now I have the iPhone 8. I tried to use a more affordable phone with the Nokia but I just ended up wasting money! No thank you Nokia!
mine didn't work out of the package...i tried brand new batteries from home and still nothing 'every company puts out a Lemon every now and then' sent it back and made a different choice
The thing that holds the card is bent and torn so it looks like I regift do!
I absolutely love this game because it is really fun and addicting but for me it just randomly kicks me out of the game and to my home screen for no reason and then I have to load back into the game.
Well it was purchased to do solder work on laptop PCB but I could not get it to heat up enough to melt the puddle. It was hot enough to melt solder out of a spool but actual solder joints, nope. Will hold onto it for smaller projects. I like that it is portable and can be powered by a battery bank.
The color and fit was about right. The stitching along the shoulders and sides was not as good as expected, and was puckered in places. The fabric weight was light.
I purchased one of the lights just to see how it worked! It seemed fine so I bought 3 more! A week later I am finding that the connection to the Wi-Fi keeps getting lost and then will not recover. So I have to keep resetting the bulbs and then reconnect them to the internet. This is Not what I was looking for. When the lights work, they are great but so far all they have done is convince me to invest in a Phillips hue system!!
Too squared fitting, not fitted and the material is rough, looks and feels cheap.
I bought this about a year ago and the backpack is starting to fall apart.
After I got my product, found out it has a three year warranty. This coverage starts after that expires. Will the product last that long?
This is good for a desktop and you need it to fit in a small space. If you do not constantly add ice, it will not produce cool air the way an AC unit does. And even still, it is basically just a small fan. Good for bedside white noise or small airflow, not good for cooling a room down. I used for an 8x12 room and it did not cool it down even a little bit.
Light was very bright after the first charge then started to go very dim after about 2 hours of use then after the second charge it stayed at that disappointing brightness. Wish I could leave a better review expected more after reading through reviews before purchase.
Didn't receive the wire cutter with the kit
The paper quality is good but it's too pricey for the amount of paper you get.
Thinner than I hoped. Not for cold weather.
I wasn't so excited to get this float but I will be returning it. Immediately upon inflating it I discovered a large tear in the stitching. The tear doesn't let air out, but since its along the stitching I can tell it will only get worse. Other than the tear the float is very nice and I'm sure I would have spent many happy pool days in it.
The pin to index the blade broke twice, the first one was replaced the second one was returned for a refund. It might be good for light duty but don't expect it to withstand any hard use.
Item came in today. Looks like a nice TV. The motion rate is laggy. If someone is walking fast in a movie its blurs. I switched movies and sources. I tried running it through the ps4... It didn't get any better. So water fall in the movie looks like a cloud pouring. I'm not close to impressed. After 10 minutes I started getting a minor headache. I'm boxing it up now.
Great battery life,just not very bright
I ordered this once and it arrived fine. However the second time I ordered it the cap was broken and hairspray had been spilled into the box it shipped in. Very disappointed.
I returned these since the quality/softness of the material is different than what I have bought at the Carter's store.
Works ok won't fit many of my hand guns, not to tight
confusing to use, I don't really trust its results
I really wanted to like this projector but unfortunately I could never get the right colors or contrast out of it. I'm gonna sell it.
Very dissatisfied with this delivery. The creamer was delivered damaged. I had to sort through the creamer to select the good ones. Brenda.
Great cup, quality control must be bad as lid does not fit snugly like the other one I received and the lid leaks when in closed position.
Description said it will open a PS4 controller, did not match, have to return
Bought it 3 months ago, handler gets sticky - need to wash my hands every time I use it - would like a replacement, cannot find vendor contact
Not tight around the face.
This was annihilated with one gust of wind. One of the corners was missing a loop and had to be tied to the tie down.
This was a really nice looking band and I was entirely happy with it, except it wouldn't stay clasped shut. When I first got it, it was fine. After a couple weeks, it became hard to click it shut, until I figured out to push the buttons on the side in just a bit when trying to close it. A few weeks after that, it opened and shut fine. After a few more weeks, it started occasionally popping open. I tried adding a link to wear it looser or taking one out to wear it tighter and it happened either way. I wore it like that for a couple years, with it popping open once or twice a day. Since it is still a loop, even open, losing it wasn't an issue. Finally it started popping open 5-10 times a day and I'd had enough and replaced it. Aside from the clasp, though, it was nice looking and looked brand new the whole time.
Bought this kit to replace the keyboard on my old 2010 Macbook Pro, reached for the 000 Philips head bit for the removal and replacement of 51 eye wrenchingly small screws ... not there! Apparently they assumed I needed two 00 PH bits, pretty frustrating right off the bat. After using other bits in the set, I found them to be of poor quality and loose fitting. On the up side the magnetic driver is a life saver, at least I didn't lose any screws into the abyss! Also, the set does come with some really nice tools like assorted tweezers and prying instruments, but without good bits, had to return the kit.
how can I give a review when this is a Christmas gift
Too low to the ground you will have to put effort into getting in and out of the chair and it has no head rest, so I ended up gluing a pool noodle to the back of it to rest my head on. Used it 2 times at the beach and had to upgrade to a higher chair with the works.
I've used this product a few times to extend the life of shoes. It's difficult to work with and the degree of adhesion varies depending on the material of the shoe sole.
The back has no give so my son cannot recline when he gets tired. He cried the whole time. Unable to use now.
Got as gift for teen girl... she was not intrigued or impressed. Only get Van Gogh necklace charm for true art fans or fans of Van Gogh. Average people don't appreciate it!
On the plus side, the light is super bright (350 lumens) and the horn is very loud. Also able to go up to 2 weeks without recharging the batteries. The top of my unit got wet because of rain. The horn button seems fairly water-tight, but the top of the main unit's housing is another story. After 14 hours of drying-out there is still condensation inside the clear plastic covering of the solar panel. Also, horn electronics have shorted -- horn goes off randomly when plugged in or just produces an anemic chirp. There is also water leaking from the horn jack receptacle which entered through the solar panel cover. Leaving the unit in the sun all day doesn't recharge batteries, so I'm thinking the solar feature is more of a gimmick than anything useful. As a guesstimate, using the light with full-beam about 1 to 1.5 hours a week (with very liberal use of the horn whenever riding) requires the unit to be charged once every 2 weeks. A red light flashes when batteries are running low. Charging takes about 6 - 8 hours. As another nitpick, it's really annoying to cycle through 4 light modes just to turn the unit off. Depending on your riding style, the horn button clasp may be prone to slip when you press it. The horn clasp is a rubber band-like and not a bolt. Since most horn-light combos are like this, I wouldn't deduct points for this. Just something to be aware of. Overall it's a good light, but it's not rainproof or waterproof. And the solar panel feature is possibly a sales gimmick. If you decide to purchase, don't allow it to get wet!
The lights worked great for a couple of months, but then quickly started dying out one after another. The product supposedly has an 18-month warranty, but I was unable to contact the seller: the email and phone number on file with Amazon belongs to another business of the same name! Eventually, Amazon kindly provided a refund, but I would not recommend buying this product in the first place.
Did like the fact that the fibers were not present. I purchased the same brand in store and it was great but this purchase must have been dried up something because it didn't give me the same application. I'm unhappy with this purchase!
The product description indicates a digital copy is included. Unfortunately, because this is an older release, the digital copy expired in 2014. I contacted Amazon and they ultimately informed me my only option was to return this product and order the more expensive, recent release. Just be aware if the digital copy is something you utilize, this product description is not accurate.
Great game but the low energy/having to buy energy for moves dims this gaming experience. This game has Great graphics and interesting plot and execution but the constant energy low after a few moves killed this for me and really turned me off.
When we got it we couldn't even get it open. It was stuck shut. We had to wait for my husband to get home from the field. When he finally got it open it was still a B to open every single time. Being he was gone for so long I'm sure it was over any return policy limit. But I wasn't letting me or my daughter cut off any fingers. I'm sure not all have this problem but this was my expierence.
Incorrect sizing. A large is a snug fit. The collar is tight. Not comfortable to wear. The only thing is that it looks like the photo.
My expectations were higher. The app definitely needs improvement. It crashes sometimes and can be really slow
Very bright, but it fell off my back pack on the first ride.
My light part for not work ... So I don't even know what a light photo box look like. But I do know what a photo box without a light look likes. Then I'm really not feeling the backgrounds..
The delay in delivery has not been acceptable.
was browning already
I have quite a bit (pun intended) of experience with other impact bits I purchased here on Amazon. I decided to try these for a change, hoping they will be of better quality, and last longer. But, it turns out the metal quality is not very good, and the torx bit edges wear out very quickly. I already went through 3 of these in 2 days of work, and all 3 lasted significantly less time than other brands I have used in the past.
Good idea but waterproof seal was broken before I put in the batteries. That part not a great design. The light seems powerful but haven't used it since putting in batteries and disappointing the seal comes broken out of the box
Meh.I use to have My Talking Tom until I watched a video saying that a man was looking at you through Tom's eyes and then I deleted the app
Looked scary but could not figure out how to move around easily.
Far off on the color.... it's very red where as the photo showed a dull redish brown.
Product was missing the mounting hardware. It seems to be a decent vise otherwise.
Very thin and watery. I normally use Kristen Esse, which is thick and requires only a small amount to do my hair. This product, however, comes out of the dispenser almost liquid and not like a REAL mousse. Makes me think this product is a fake.
I will keep them but not sure if I'll buy them again
You get what you pay for
Glass bottle with rubber stopper mailed in flimsy product container and amazon envelope. 1/3 of the moisturizer had spilled out. Like the product but will buy from store.
I don't hate; hat promoted as fits all but does not fit my head
Get one with more power, this one isnt worth it
I have returned mine as the image resolution is not that good and field of view is very limited. the Flir generated much better images. Will probably buy the Flir, its more expensive but worth it.
I wear 36x32 in all the other pants I own, and though these fit my waist, they are very tight through the hip. If you squat they feel light they might rip out.
This iron is sold as, "Designed For Continuous Production Soldering" I got mine in November 2014, it's dead in August 2019. I'm a hobbyist, I have never used the iron more than 3 hours in a day, and usually more like a couple of hours a week. It started making clicking sounds a month or so ago, and now the temperature display is going crazy. I bought it for $140 in 2014, and 5 years of light use is lousy value for that price. The price is now $250. Needless to say, I won't be buying another.
Two trips easly under 800 miles. Tires were properly loaded and inflated. Developed sidewall bubble. Amazon was no help had to go to manufacturer for warrantee.
The insulation of the bottle is very good, but what is annoying is the system for opening up the straw. There is a little plastic part that you need to use to pull out the straw. That thing broke within two weeks and now it is extremely hard to open the straw
Same as the one I already had.
Picture definitely shows a spray nozzle. That's why I ordered it. It definitely does NOT have one!
Charging port comes loose and nearly impossible to charge. I've bought a total of 4 of these tablets with another one being a replacement to one of the four and all five had charging ports that became loose and wouldn't connect correctly to charge. The first two were a 2nd generation fire 7 and they lasted the longest of a year I believe before the charging port gave us problems. Then 1 of those tablets got broken and replaced under the two year replacement guarentee. That charging port became loose within a few months and my 2 year replacement guarentee expired by that time. That one was a 5th generation. I then bought two more of these fire tablets, but from a different retailer. Same fire 7, but I believe a newer generation than even the 5th that we had and in a few months those ports as well became loose. The only way to charge these tablets is to wrap the charging cord around the tablets tight so that the port and cable are being pulled up over the tablet and held in place. Those tablets were only 35 a piece new and so I was willing to take the risk. However, I will not ever buy Amazon tablets again for the kids.
Broke after 3 days...Won't stay up.
Drivers window flag looks great, however to see our AMERICAN flag BACKWARD on passenger window is just weird.
tried to use it for one small scratch on apple watch series 4 after reading the reviews thought to give it a try and watch was new and got the little scratch within a few days, but it didn't do anything besides wipe offf the fingerprint protection layer off the area, may work for other watches but did not try
The pop up handle broke inside of a week on the second use. The side handles are very shallow, so once that handle breaks to wheel it around, it's pretty difficult to move when fully loaded.
I wish I had splurged on more expensive aloe. It's bad quality and I don't believe it's 99% pure at all. U get what u pay for in this instance
Smaller than expected
I purchased this to replace the Magic Mouse for my LG smart tv. Our remote wasn't selecting (ok button) without many clicks but it uses a curser to maneuver the screen. This Air Remote description says it can be used on smart TVs and only mentioned problems with some Samsung TVs so I gave it a try. Plugged it in and had no problems with the cursor showing up. However, I did have a problem with it moving to the right while holding it perfectly still. Time to test the buttons. OK, vol -/+, pg -/+ and mute worked fine but that is all. I have to use a home/menu button in order to use my remote but the Air Remote menu button did nothing. Ok, so I will program it. Followed all directions, repeatedly. No go because they didn't mention that your remote has to support NEC in order to program it. Mine does not. Return and continue the search.
No exit delay while in stay mode. So you can't leave the house in stay mode, forcing you to use away mode which will turn the motion sensor on, then when another person who lives in the house wakes up, alarm will trigger. This makes motion sensors a bit useless at times.
These sunglasses run small!!
Product is getting fuzzy after about a dozen uses. Waiting for threads to start coming off of it. Not as good as products made by Perl Izumi in the past.
It is a pain in the butt to set up. Going through the channels is cumbersome. You can't easily recall the channel you were most recently watching. The voice request doesn't work or understand commands like "go to channel 7 or go to NCIS". In either case the voice recognition software said that those things didn't exist.... same with all commands. You have to use your TV remote to control the volume. the NFL network isn't provided in any of the packages. And on and on.
This is a European set. It's plays in my US player but Monsters U skips a lot. There are also subtle differences in the movies from the US version.
Movie did not come with a dust sleeve like all the other Harry Potter Movies I have ordered from Amazon Will change my rating if dust sleeve is provided
keeps dropping wifi signal
As others have stated this knife is extremely difficult to open single handed. What I found is that if you bend the assist spring backwards a bit then it can overcome the tension lobe on the blade pivot. This makes opening a lot easier. Note that it's still not really a "spring assist" mechanism as found on more expensive knives so set your expectations accordingly.
This thing gets about as warm as your phone after a few mobile games and YouTube videos. The charger works amazing though. It can pretty much charge an iPhone X from very low to full. The flashlight is terrible and my hands remain cold.
These were way to small. The size I usually wear didn't even come close to fitting. They were also very narrow through the legs. The material was also much thinner than I was expecting. returned
Difficult to pair & operate.
Found it IMPOSSIBLE to get it back into the stuff sack it came in. Wound up storing it in a Ziploc 1 gallon bag.
Kind of slow...Gets boring quick
I Purchased two of these, and the first one broke within about a week of use. The belt loop came undone. The second one lasted a little longer, about a month, and then the belt loop came undone as well. Seems like there's some quality control issues that need to be addressed. With that said, the design works for carrying two cell phones as I have to have a second one for work.
Good heat reflection. Decent length, but a little narrow in the width...but I knew this before buying. The downside and the reason for 2 stars instead of 5 is it deflates during the night enough that my body touches the ground by morning when laying on my side. Did this first and every use.
This is my 2nd one in this style. The fist one just fell off and would not clip on the Fitbit again so I ordered a new one thinking it was a random flaw. This one, the clips cut my wrist. I think it is very pretty and nice to look at, however, the clips that lock it to the Fitbit protrude so much that I have multiple cuts on my wrist. It is not too tight, I can get a finger between my wrist and Fitbit, if I make it tighter it will be too small. Pretty bummed because I love the look, but I dislike tiny wounds from being cut by sharp metal clips over and over again. Photos included.
Not my style performer.
Ws not the game for me
flashlight dose not come with the chop chop like it said it would
I got it and everything but when i go to minecraft.net, it wont let me sign in on computer but it will let me on my phone. Any Solution?
The grip is fine, the size is perfect BUT it does not glow in the dark which was the primary reason I bought it for
Weak for being brand new,doesn't last long before having to recharge
Very disappointed with this cheese. It barely melts and as it cools, it becomes gritty and dry. Not a melting cheese at all. It's fine on a salad or something cold.... nothing special but more palatable when it's not cooked.
The rubber mallet and stakes are well built and put together, however the dust pan that came it with was broken upon receiving and won't hold any amount of dirt or dust now that its broken. Disappointed.
This only survived the 7th grade. My son is entering the 8th grade and we are looking for another backpack. The telescoping handle broke off and can't see a way to fix it. It still is a functioning backpack but not so much as a rolling one.
I used it once and bled. Next time I'm using the electric nose and hair trimmer. Before the electric I bought the nose and hair scissor because another scissor I have, labeled Titanium, is so sharp and so good, that I hoped the nose and hair scissor would also be good (but for me now, forget the Titanium scissor, probably too sharp, and also ;the already bled with the nose and hair scissor. Besides, the nose and hair scissor probably can't do the job).
They sent the wrong color, and I don't have time to wait on a new one. I would also have to pay and go through the trouble to send back. Not pleased. Why do they even make all black gear for toddlers? His little head would roast in this helmet.
I bought 2 of these screwdrivers at the same time. The flat tip ends on both of the larger size snapped off. I never bad mouth anything on line that I purchase. All I did was remove the screws in an outlet receptacle , they were tight , but my other brand screwdriver did it with no problem. I like channellock tools, mainly the adjustable , and wire tools.
I did like it but the top broke
Loved it while it worked. The first time it got wet it stopped working. Such a shame, I hate to waste money.
The same day we received the cooler the lid broke off.
I like the material and it is super light weight but zipper with the one I got is fucking up already.
This case is very weak at the corners holding the kindle. I've had this case for a couple of months, and three of the four corners have cracked and chipped, leaving rough/sharp edges which catch on clothes, etc. The kindle is still secure, but I am replacing this case with a more sturdy one.
I was looking specifically magnetic... these are a bad tease of magnetism
The DVD player works great. As far as streaming from this device, it's not good. For instance, the screen freezes a lot regarding bandwith issues on Amazon Prime. I know that bandwith issues are a complaint for my internet provider. Although I have a smart tv in my other room and I never have bandwith issues so it must be an issue with this device. When it freezes, I often have to unplug the device and plug it back in to reboot it. Also the You Tube app stopped working all of a sudden. I would not recommend this device to stream from, and that being said, I think the price should go down from $75. Totally not worth it. I should have known better since this device is refurbished.
i bought this oasis 1100 and the runner one from teton, this one in comparison is way too bulky and the other one was way too small. i wish teton has something in the middle.
Had to add it to the collection but this movie sucked and was boring.
Where out 5 times as fast as brand name. This is why you get six
I didn't end up playing the game, as it was not clear how to work it.
These are not good for below 32 degrees. They also run small. The quality seems to be good though.
too thick to get under cover
The print is pretty and the fabric is soft but it's thin and definitely more of a tunic. I can maybe consider it to be dress-ish over shorts. I'm around 5'2 and the front hits mid-thigh and back is a smidge longer but still above the back of my knee and the sleeves only reach my elbows. It would have been great if there was an extra 2-3 inches of fabric added to the hem and sleeves to match the picture. The buttons area also gaps since there is no overlap and it's just loop closures.
Just one month of durability
The regional code for the videos is South Africa and Middle East. Whenever we put them in the PlayStation we would have to change the regional code and supposedly we can only change the code 4 times.
Though it's advertised as dual temp it isn't really meant for high temp sticks while it's unplugged. Batteries drain rather quickly. When I recieved mine the switch was loose. Rather than sending it back ( I ordered because I needed it then) I opened it up and glued the switch in place. No problems since. It sounds like this might be a problem. They need to check their Quality Control.
It is cute but not durable. I got it in April and the little strap broke all ready. The band isn't even broken in yet.
Die very easily. not much more out there but for the price? plan on paying for each blade to cut one board before they start smoking and stop cutting
Doesn't work, it does it's own thing. Send an email to the company and didn't get a response 😕
They look great on the box. However, I tried them on in the house before going out (which I opted not to) and the squeaking is unbelievably loud. The plant also digs into the calf area. Very uncomfortable. Less than 10-15 minutes out of the box and right back in they went. Returned them same day of delivery. It's disappointing. Shoe size wise, they fit okay. I just could not get past the loud screeching sound of the squeak and plastics digging into my leg.
I understand they were very cheap but they're more flimsy than I thought. The shaded pair had damaged foam as well. Neither of then really have good fit for me either.
not the book, by any means, & Blu-ray NOT closed-captioned; seems like an fairly interesting modernized take on the classic book, so if that's what you're looking for, it's ok
Served its purpose. Didnt absorb as well as expected. Left alot of liquid to splash around. Thankfully the plastic bags were very effective.
Just can't get past the strong smell. While the smell might fade in terms of others' perception, the smell lingers in my nostrils.
Ordered in October 2018 - The On/Off switch fried June 2019. Once the switches ability to turn on/off failed it became worthless. The light in the switch continued to function but it would not work in either the on or off position; essentially no power beyond the switch itself was delivered to the plug-in ports.
Not a fun game.keeps interpreting the game with adds and at times cuts me off requiring me to restart the game. That is the reason for two stars
there are better apps
Too long and the color is darker than the photo
Just received them. Ask me in 3 weeks. Leaving for my Elk hunt Oct 4.
It was licking when I got it. Horrible packaging Amazon! I will update after using it.
Digs into my nose. Doesn't fit my face
Price keeps going up. Will be removing this service.
Hold a lot, but zippers are not any good.
Cup does very well with holding temperature of liquid. My complaint is that the lid style seems to cause liquid to spill out pretty frequently. When the lid open, it drips left over liquid down the back side. Also the vent hole tends to get full of liquid and thus changes the amount of liquid coming out.
These don't work very well outdoors. The wheels are plastic and likely would only work well in a rink.
The battery I ordered was for Seadoo SPX 1996, was not the right size way smaller than original one so bungees do not work. Very unhappy with the purchase.
I think this is just ok. Not a huge fan like the other's who have left reviews. It's very small, however not all that handy.
too much $$ for amount
Did not live up to the hyperbole.
The hardware is a marvel, and the picture is fantastic. And this is also a platform for LG to track you and push ads to you. Perhaps I am naive to expect just a television today, but please be warned that you are giving them far more than the cash to purchase.
I have used this bag intermittently for my commute to work for about a month and it has already rubbed through the fabric rendering it unusable. Would recommend buying a better bag that is sturdier.
voice and sound drops off and on.
Giving it 2 stars instead of one. It worked great for so long, but just one small drop getting out of the car and it breaks.
I bought it as a lumbar support pillow but it's very slippery so it's hard to keep it where you put it.
one of the bottles was caramel instead of salted caramel
It is durable, but doesnt sustain ice as said. Same day I put ice, it melted. Water stays cool, but ice melts quickly.
Cons: Came broken Odd placement of name Quality of wood seems cheaper than what it was worth in my opinion. Pros: Came early Can fix it with some wood glue It will still make a good gift ! Wouldn't recommend because of price- if it was like 20-25 it would be worth it !
pretty lame, a couple of good songs, go for Vol 1.
The hose never came with it, is there a way to fix this?
Tires are inconsistent in size. Numbers are same. Tried mounting two same model tires on same wheel. One worked, one the bead simply would not "pop." Trust me when I say I tried everything I mean it. For hours. I work on cars for fun. It would not seat. I ended up ruining tire. First one is awesome, had to purchase another set in hopes of finding another with proper manufacturing methods.
THE STRAW DOES NOT FIT WELL
The first one I installed worked great but it got hit and disformed. I went to put the 2nd one on and it had something between the layers. When I laid it down it wouldn't stick right.
basket has no support for bottom and cannot hold any weight as straps are thin leather like material and don't have a good securing point.
Great game except I cannot duel there is no network error. This has been a problem for over a year now. The most annoying thing is apple users DO NOT have this issue at all! NO FAIR
The skates fit length wise but are way way too narrow and I have narrow feet! The side of the left skate was really digging into the right side of my foot!! Very stiff boot too but that wasn't the issue! Needed to return which I was worried about having to do in the first place with ordering skates online! Going a size up wouldn't help because then they'd be too long and still too narrow
The function of the helmet I cant complain about. The headgear is only tolerable for a few minutes. Its not just uncomfortable it actually hurts your temples. I realized this a few days outside the return window and so I'm stuck with an unusable helmet. It might cost two dollars to improve the fit and comfort of this.
It seemed too watery compared to the one I bought from my derma
However if you sleep on it every night it breaks in 3 months.
I ordered this pack of 10 clips in June. By October they had all broken. Won't order this brand again.
It should be wrapped with a plastic bag over the original bag because When its shipped with other items in the same box you will recieve The popcorn all over the box and on the sides and bag will be empty !!! . I had to thow it away since there was chemicals in the shipping box.
I could not get this to work and now I am stuck with it.
I love this game but it keeps restarting to level 1. I wish there was a way to save one's progress.
Unfinished. Terrible smell and taste when using it to eat food. Unable to use. Awful product.
I cannot get the laser to adjust to align with sights. If I cannot get support, I will return it.
sides are weak and flimsy, so inside pockets are not easy to access, as the sides fold inside easily blocking the interior of the bag. wouldn't buy again.
The program crashes a lot and loses your progress.
croakies were too skinny to get onto any pair of glasses.
The item was damaged.
Much smaller than anticipated, the picture looks like it's a man's bracelet when in reality it's more for a woman. The clasp is impossible to use one handed making it impossible to put on alone, must have help. I will be returning and not recommending this to anyone.
Stops on it's own and constantly pauses mid movie You have to reconnect to wifi every time you turn it on
I'm not sure which citrus scent is used because it just smells like soap.
These pants look great and are very warm. They launder well and dry quickly on a rack. The problem lies in the fastenings. The zipper is constantly falling down, and the snap fastener pops open if I am active, such as repeatedly bending down.
Wanted to use these in a mason jar craft, but the battery box is so large there is no way to hide it with this small set of lights. Also, one set didn't work at all.
. Low price for low quality
My first job was to hang a couple shelves which worked fine as did installing and removing some large bolts. When I used a hole saw the drill got very hot and smoke started pouring out of the back, black plastic pieces came flying out, and the drill seized up. I was making sure not to cover the holes either. I opened it up to find rubber around the top of the rotor had flown apart and that it was, in fact, brushed. Not happy with the purchase.
Top neck strap tore away from jacket after using 5 times. Nice jacket just not too sure how durable it is.
Very small but not very clear.. I have a 10 year old projector that I assumed was technologically behind, however still has a much nicer picture than this.
The app works fine.. the service needs work...and to be a more competitive price.
Removed from kindle. Didn't like puzzle choice or platform for pieces.
Pouches didn't have sturdy enough sides. They could use reinforcement
It doesn't look the same as the picture. Doesn't have the eagle on the top and doesn't have Estwing on the handle. Disappointed was a big selling point for me.
Did not arrive on time. Said it was shipped but didn't arrive when shipping confirmation said it would. I contacted the seller and they said they would send it out right away. When I finally received it the corner was damaged in shipping. The seller said they would send another, it's been over a month and never received another. Very disappointing.
Description is off on total length, did not work for my application
For some reason it keeps shutting off and I'm trying to do the race I'm so upset otherwise this is my favourite game
Bought this product for a backpacking trip and it came defective with a microscopic hole in it. I ended up sleeping on rocks all night and have to re-inflate every hour. The product also didn't come with any patches for a hole.
I was very happy with this Air pump's speed of filling, but the pump stopped blowing air on the third use. The motor is turning, but it looks like the rubber band inside that drives the blower melted and the shaft it turns on froze. I know it wasn't that hot in the boat, so I think I'd check out another manufacturer
I bought this to use in my travel watercolor art kit so the flask and the cups will work fine for that. I shook the flask pretty hard and there were no leaks. I also filled the cups with water and let them sit for about two hours...again no leaks so why not 5 stars then? The leather does not feel or smell or look like leather, at least any leather I have seen and since the description says leather I feel that is misleading. It is very thin, cheaply made and sown. I don't think the snaps that keep the cups in place will last anytime at all and omg the smell! I have gotten things from China in the past that smell just like this, like diesel fuel. Unfortunately in my experience this doesn't go away as it is a chemical compound used in the making of the item. I tried using my very good smelling leather milk cleaner, it worked for a few minutes and then once the cleaner was dry it once again smelled like diesel. I will keep it since the flask and cups work as I want them to and two collapsible cups allows for a dirty and a clean paint water but I am disappointed in both the quality and most of all the smell of this item so I wouldn't buy it again.
The stand is good but the screen protector is broken when I opened it. I gave it two star Because I have to ship the whole thing back as per amazon. It's just an inconvenience to box it up and ship it out again! Also I have to wait another two days for another one!
Doesn't seem to work all that well. The caulk doesn't come out that well even after cutting it several time to make it bigger. Doesn't seem to seal well. Lots of leakage everywhere no matter how much I tighten it.
Would be great if it worked. Unfortunately I do not have one of the essential buttons when I open it. After requesting help from the company I received an email from them saying that I needed to talk to the teacher. Way to pass the buck instead of putting out a quality product.
This was a great little thing while it lasted. A little noisy though. After 3 months it stopped working.
The watch is ok, nice looking with no lag. But it does have some problems with the heart monitor that is fake and with the steps per day which are always way more than it is supposed to be. The charger isnt great and the mesh is a bit to feminine
Didnt fit the Amazon tablet fire 7. Buttons on the case are in the wrong location.
I gave this mascara 2 stars, because I would love to use it; although I cannot. The wand is in very poor condition, the brush fibers are falling off and are crushed. For $28 I am very, very disappointed. It did not appear in great, new condition when it arrived.
The sound was good. It was comfortable. It was easy to connect. Performance-wise it was great. Unfortunately, the charging circuit/connector melted after it's 18th use. I did have the headset for two years but used it for one specific purpose where I was in a treatment room for several hours at a time and didn't want to disturb other patients. Sitting in a recliner with a bunch of tubes and wires stuck in your arms for 3 or 4 hours is boring so I brought my own entertainment on a tablet. The headset was never abused nor used in extreme environments. After it's last use I plugged it in to recharge as usual and after about 20 minutes I could smell it burning and the mini USB charge connector was smoking and melted to the headset. If it had been under constant use for two years, I'd have no problem but melting after only 18 uses is unacceptable. And that's why I don review products, particularly electronics, till I've used them awhile.
It helps with other mod apps but the rest is really bad
So as a result it cannot be used with all my hex heads. Also the motor response to wrist movement is on/off with a ramp up meaning that the angle of rotation that you apply to the thing doesn't change the speed ... a cheap electric screwdriver does a better job. Very well built though.
Too heavy and the straw is poor quality.
This came in a small, flat white package - paper thin quality. I snipped the top of the package open with scissors and low and behold I unknowingly snipped the top of the belt off, rendering it useless. I tried taping it back together but iit can't be really taped back, because then it bends when wrapped around the finger. I can't comment on the effectiveness of the belt but the wrapping? A product so small, flat and light should be seen in a bag that's transparent - so mistakes like this could be avoided.
The slides that allow the chair to be folded and opened do not like sand getting on them. I took mine to the beach and it destroyed it. Do not take it to the beach. Other than that, it a very study chair. The arm support to help a 1 legged man get up is why i bought mine.
Zipper ripped on my first run
Got this for my daughter. It was expensive but the idea appeared good. Unfortunately she could not breath with it and I had to borrow an old mask from someone so she could snorkel on the day I took her and her friends out for my her own birthday.
Good quality but not as tasty as their other varieties.
I downloaded the game this morning and before breakfast and was done by the afternoon with breaks to cook and eat! I Loved the first one it kept me enthralled this one not so much. Hope the next one will be better.
this kit is not well designed. After working on my first shelving project, I can say that the jig is off quite a bit. after the holes are drilled, you are only left with a small piece of wood left that splits when you screw into it. I tried several practice rounds on scrap pieces of wood after I had already tried on one of my first "real" pieces. I have tried to figure out how to adjust the angle, as I feel that is part of the problem, but there is no way that I can determine. Good luck if buying this product. I would have returned but had it for a few weeks before I figured out that it was junk. I'm stuck with it now I guess.
Awesome light...if you don't mind the constant buzzing. Dewalt says the buzzing is normal, " it's the transformer making the noise". It's a better design than Milwaukee's, but Milwaukee's doesn't buzz like crazy. Don't buy from Max Tool their satisfaction guaranty comes with a 20% plus shipping price tag.
Worked great...... For about 8 hours total
Way too small. The pictures make it look like almost slouchy, something with some stretch. I tried to put it on and it was so TIGHT, I almost took off my makeup. This is not something I'd recommend.
Lasted me 2 years. I only used it in the winter for the fireplace ash and oil furnace soot. Motor went out. During winter months I used it about 2 times a week for no more than 5 mins each time. A little disappointed.
These do not work on glasses with wire frames.
Like Happy Color better that I have on my phone which is through the Google Play Store
it doesn't save searches
Put the treatment on for 12 hours, still slipped around at work. Not happy with the product.
This bag worked great but will eventually start to leak BADLY. The inner liner is easily punctured and won't last past a year. I'll trying a different brand...
Good flavor. Arrived crushed!!
all i can figure is that boxers are little people. "large" gloves barely fit. they do not carry xl size must go to xxl.
These are warm, but they are not work gloves and don't last on a job site. I work construction and these lasted a total of two weeks before the fingers wore through.
this thing is okay for an Amazon el-cheapo but I recommend you go elsewhere for your tools as it bent first use and is now useless...disposable tools -Amazon is okay, but otherwise shop elsewhere
Seemed like good quality but because it's so light weight it didn't feel sturdy to stand up on
Could have had more of a vanilla taste not much taste
I wanted to like this battery for the price and it came charged. But when I went to go charge it. Neither of my Milwaukee charges were able to charge it. The battery kept flashing green & red on the chargers and the battery would not take a charge.
I'm over 60 and it was just too easy. There wasn't even any stretching. The flow is nice and gentle, but it really didn't do anything for me.
Didn't use and soon uninstalled.
I got this because it wasn't practical to put the water bottle on my bike frame. The adapter is hinges on one side and secured with a screw on the other. Unfortunately, the opening is too small to fit on my Trek Verve handlebar. I'm giving it to my friend to try on her bike.
The size and shape were inconvenient. The battery wasn't as good as advertised. The touch screen wasn't responsive and froze up at least once.
Looks nice but pretty flimsy. Will go back to Stanley next time..
I feel the item was not as described .It was not as big or durable as thought.
We used this on our water tubes for tubing and it took forever to blow up compared to our other battery-operated air pump.
there was something about 'the Three of Them' working together that was Unstoppable ... It's the same with Robin's Solo Music (discordant; off key and out of tune) ...
I did not want the whole shelf liner rug gripper showing under my mats. These seemed to be the best choice when searching all products on Amazon. They are a bit of a pain to put on but I was fine with that if they did their job. No go. Rugs slipping all over the place:(.
To many commercials.
not the best in music
I used this with funfetti cupcakes, and this frosting is horrible with them!
I HAD A HARD TIME WORKING WITH IT BUT I'M NOT A PROFESSIONAL SO HAVE TO USE OWN JUDGEMENT
Did not get a lot of use from it before the combination that worked every day decided to not let me open the lock. Tried the default combination and my set combination, but eventually had to cut it to get my bike unlocked. Would not buy again.
They do what they are intended to... But its really cheap plastic and the actual holes got the speakers BARELY fit 5.25 inch speakers. They do have holes on top for 6.5 inch speakers but then the speaker stick out further and then they barely fit in the door with the grill in the door. They could be way better but I guess they get the job done...
Ordered this bike put it together and found that the front tire rim was bent. Sent it back and Amazon had the replacement bike to me within a day of my return! Just finished putting the second/replacement bike together and this one also has the same issue. I'm so very disappointed. I love the look of the bike but I cannot ride a bike with a bent wheel. This one is getting returned and this time I'm just getting a refund cause it's a waste of time and money at this point.
Not really very interesting story. Sorry.
These flashlights are NOT that bright. Very misleading advertising. The lights work ok, will focus tight (square pattern) and broad beam, but they are not as bright as advertised.
It have disgusting smell. I don't think it's good quality cotton .
I'm no stranger to this mac n cheese - it's the only one I buy. And this isn't the first time I've ordered the bulk pack from Amazon Pantry. But the cheese packets that come inside the box on this particular shipment were really grainy and seemed really old. I didn't even use it because I didn't trust it.
Do not let your kids use this plugged in. The wear and tear on the mini usb power on the tablet will stop making connection. Several of these have had the same problem for us. My personal one doesn't have this issue. But one rated for kid use should consider reinforcing this connection.
Doors don't make sense. Is definitely waterproof! Screens holes large enough to allow small bugs through.
I have no idea what this book is!!!
Package was listed as having be "handed off directly to customer" by USPS. Package was actually left in a common area NOT at my residence.
The water leaks in and the airflow is very restrictive
need a much longer hose
Used for front end maintenance on atv and didnt work like I expected. That spring it's not my favorite and grip handle it's built by cheep rubber . waiste of $ for single project. I wish I got cheep one I bet they will have job done and save me money.
Apron strings are TOO SHORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought this to replace a 2-3 year old model. The new fire tablets battery drains faster than the heavily used tablet in replacing. The apps seem to shut down mid use way too often. Maybe I have a bad tablet but I'm not impressed.
So first I have only used this once. When I did receive this I did put it up in the house to make sure how to put it up when I needed it for my sons soccer game in the rain. What I liked about this product it is easy to put up and take down. It was big and roomy. Dislikes....it doesn't fit in the bag after you have put it up and taken it down. The bag broke so I now need to find something to carry it in. Also I had noticed the zippers in the front do not easily move well. will not close all the way. And I am afraid of closing it and breaking it then having to send it back as you need to find a box to put it in. To big of a hassle. It's to late to return this. And I have only used this once in Dec. I am stuck with it. When you buy something you should not feel like it will break
Break in less than one month
Junk, but it's what I expected when I buy cheap crap...they feel like they were made with paper clips.
The safe look nice but it is cheaply made, i was expecting something much more heavier, it is super light. Also the safe arrived scratch and damaged on the corners
As with other reviews her, these potatoes are crazy small and I expected more for the price. I at least expected to be able to make a pot roast with these, but now I will have to go to another store to buy potatoes.
I have always purchased the Bounty Paper Napkins, White, 400 Count from Amazon, I figured I would try these because I thought they would look nicer. Well they do look better but they start to fall apart in your hand with mild use. Just eating a burger or something like that...wipe your hands after a bite or two and the napkin starts falling apart. Not the end of the world but I would not buy again.
Definitely returning these. The price is way too much for the quality.
It feels fake and flimsy, the build quality is not good
I like the idea of this turner. In fact, I have two. The first one worked so well I wasted no time purchasing a second. The support for the arm makes it easier to do large cups. However, the PVC pipe works it's way out of the base every time I use it resulting in my cup/bottle falling off completely and ruining the epoxy finish.
Pros: Very attractive. Cons: I only give this necklace 2 stars because the chain seemed to flimsy and my concern was that it might break, therefore, unfortunately I had to return it.
Good but doesn't last long
Cover cracked it leaks have to unscrew and just pour where needed!
The cutout is too long and extends into the burner flames. May fit older gas stoves.
I bought it becuase it said it would inflate everything from beach stuff to tires. Not so much. It does tires Ok and that is it.
Loved them for 3-4 months, now after winter only half are working.
Metal soft and rust easily
Nice set except the orange presta adapters are the wrong size and the Schrader caps are to big for them.
I was sad to open my package and not receive any sample/extras as so many mentioned they received. I even made sure to purchase from the company itself. The spray itself is a bit harsh (the mister isnt that fine), but the smell is nice and it is refreshing. A bit sticky before it dries completely but I think thats to be expected.
Not what I thought it would be. The buttons did not work and you have to purchase a memory card. Retuned the same day I received and was even charged to send it back since I live no where close to an amazon locker....
It was fine once I got used to the light weight of a mouse with no battery, but the mouse barely held a charge for 1 day
Cheap. Gets the job done, but it is cheap. ALL of the screws stripped on this sander almost immediately. Great sander if you DONT care if parts are squared off. All of the sanded edges I created were never square because the table base could not be properly tightened.
Not as nice and useful as I expect but ok value for money
To small for my four year old for more like a two you old!
These gloves seem pretty thin to me. and the padding along the long side of my hand was not exactly in the right place. My really old gloves offer more protection than these. You get what you pay for, I guess.
Fine pants. I have a non-convertible pair. I'd recommend those highly. These are just a novelty. I foolishly bought these thinking they'd be handy. I've never owned a less handy product. I zipped the legs off during my hike yesterday and just spent 20 minutes fussing with little thin plastic zippers trying to zip the legs back on. I finally got it and immediately threw the pants in my donation pile. Good hiking pants but not practically "convertible".
There are episodes listed on the case that are not on any of the discs. I am watching the series on TV and there are episodes missing from certain seasons. The case looks like someone printed it on a home printer. I am very unhappy.
Some of the nibs won't go into the pen and the ink, well I have finally decided to put it all in a drawer and spend the extra money and get a better quality. Don'y try using it on any artwork you intend on keeping as most of the colors clog up the nibs and ruin your paper or the colors don't even show up on the white paper.
Constantly fogged up and impaired vision. Ice crystals formed between the lenses at the end of my first day and were there the remaining days on my trip. Caught an edge and had a decent impact and the lens went flying off down the mountain and I had to retrieve it. Would not buy again.
My head still felt hot in the sun... my bf's Walmart hat was cheaper and made better
When the wheels were used outdoors, in less a month every single wheel rusted heavily. As other users mentioned. The product description should say that it is not for outdoor use or alert to this fact.
I bought this lid with straws because it says it would fit the 64oz wide mouth. The straws are too long and you have to push the lid down the best you can because it won't screw on although the groves are there. i haven't put water in it to see if it would leak on its side. ***to edit*** I put water in my container and with this lid on it as tight as I could put it on and it leaked a bit. It didn't leak all around when I turned it but it did leak. I also had to cut the straw for it to fit in my 64oz insulated cup. Also you can't hold the container with the holder on the cap because it doesn't fit properly it will come off and spill your water everywhere.
Hard to follow. No indication of where to go next.
The charger worked, but the charging insert ended up snapping off after only a couple of weeks of use. I had to take my iPhone to the Apple store to remove the piece.
These are a great all terrain tread pattern and smooth riding for my tacoma. But one of the tires needed 5oz on one side to properly balance which raises some concern.
Was sent the wrong sensor I ordered speed sensor and got the cadence sensor. Then I get the cadence sensor Shipped to me to replace the cadence sensor I didn't order. So I canceled that order and hopefully now I can get the speed sensor I ordered sent to me.
This is a really pretty band, but the “black” parts started coming off after several months. I've purchased replacements. But I liked the way it felt when I wore it. It was easy to adjust the size. I just wish the “look” would have lasted longer.
doesn't stick very well.
Its a GREAT cooler if your taking a whole 12 pack. NOT convenient for my work lunch. It's way to big. But its ok other than that. I'll wait to tail gate to use again..
This thing is junk. After a few months the Guage stopped working. It will still inflate tires but you have no idea what psi you're inflating to sadly. Feel like I wasted money on this.
So excited for the songs and CHRISTMAS or HOLIDAY songs and hardly any on there.. Kids were upset
wanted to like this stuff, put it on my deck stairs but it came right up, stapled it to the stair and it still pulled up.you can tell just buy feeling the sticky side it's not going to stick to anything.
This app could be fantastic - if I could figure out how to use it! There are no instructions or tips so it is all trial and error. I got tired of the error part and quit trying.
Its not worth $40. There are cheeper products for less than 10 bucks. The casing looks cool but the spray itself not desirable.
Paint on band peeled off after a few weeks.
Had computer issue from day one and I had to return it. Otherwise it was zippy. The pedals don't really do much, especially once you get a little speed.
The product works wonderfully, better then expected, Priced well My con with it is I ordered a 1000 sq ft roll got 400 sq ft worth of foil printed on it and 600 sq ft of unused product that is white paper only with no foil/reflex printed on the front and back. Very disappointing.
I clicked on "Download" software and a CD was shipped to me. The product was probably fine.
The noice canceling function has only a small effect. Not recommended
I gave this two stars because the hooks are not open enough to be able to hook the tire easily it is well made but the hook design not good
Not as much light as the single LED unit I use every day. Ive used this unit three times and then reordered the GRDE Zoomable 3 Modes Super Bright LED Headlamp as I was disappointed plus all those damn button pushes to get light. It does not zoom like the GRDE.
Bought as a gift for my girlfriend. She said she has not noticed a difference.
The steelbook version came as the Spanish version. There's no doubt in my mind there's English language options, but for the sake of my collection I need the steelbook itself in English print and it is not that.
Awkward and hard to use
The on button broke almost immediately.
It looks cool and feels sturdy, but that's just about all I have good to say about the watch. There is too much going on on the watch face in my opinion, and they is no way to switch to 24 hour time. Also hard to read in any light, and when you hit the light button it lights up right in the middle of the watch face, so the middle is super easy to read, but the light fades out before it reaches the edges of the watch.
Product arrived slightly damaged...hopefully it still works.
It works, not a problem with that. I saw that it was just a simulator, so I was curious what it looked like. Works just on light, not heat. It makes an interesting effect for photos, that's about it. It was interesting for 5 minutes. I'll keep it though, in case I want to post an interesting picture online somewhere.
I was so happy to get the brushes but they already leaked after using for two weeks. 😭
I mean sure they're great towels, but they arrived three days late. “Three days, big deal,” sure sure, except it was a birthday present for my dad and while I built in a day just in case they were late, I did not account for three days late. So beware if you're buying them as a gift. Thumbs down.
The light will not stay on the batteries are loss inside and keeps making the light go off
Both blades broke within a month
MISLEADING AD SHOWS Cary and Loretta IN COLOR on COVER, IMPLYING THIS VERSION is COLORIZED. BUT THIS IS BLACK and WHITE.
Was unaware that they were inside wheels. Only lasted a day
Does not maintain a seal, blows air back into eyes. I was disappointed in quality. Attempted to use on recent beach trip.
It does fit my big head but I quess I was expecting a little more warmth over my nose. It still steamed up my glasses and I'll have to wear a scarf over my face/nose if it gets below say like 20 degrees
Mine was defective. It wobbled 1/8" in drill press or hand drill. I felt like I was operating a jack hammer or hammer drill! Amazon made it right with a replacement, and the second bit worked fine. I'm actually not sure what you'll receive, because QC is not perfect at Vermont American these days.
This is the third set of paint pens I've purchased from Amazon, and the third set I'm just not all that happy with. I need paint pens that dry glossy and none of the three have. Before I ordered these I made sure that it said in the description that these would be a high gloss...in fact it even says on the package, "Rich, radiant and shinny!" If anyone can point me toward the one's that dry, 'rich, radiant and shinny' I would really appreciate it. Thanks
Skipped teeth gears after 1 month of use.. i now only have 1 useable Wrench a year later.. buy a better set!
Single ply. What can you say about toilet paper?
Hand to return this cutie...was way to small to even fit my phone (xMax)
I don't like the quality of these tomatoes. They are absolutely tasteless. Just like any other non organic tomato in the supermarket.
Used the 1" chisel on douglas fir for cutting 4 small slots (about 1/4" deep). The chisel showed signs of chipping and losing the sharpness right away. See pic
I will keep these for work, but the overall fit is baggier than in the pictures. I ordered my normal size.
This is super cute and stylish but it is fading at a rapid pace after only wearing it for a little over a week. :( I will not be reordering this band again for my watch
I liked the product but after three months I could not get a four bar power bar regardless of how long Zi put it in full sun to charge Disappointed
I wouldnt buy again. Alll the blue plastic pieces are cheap. Each ome broke on the 1st use. The screwdrivers are great tho. And the paint brush was used to paint my sons xbox one s. So the brush worked well....to paint with anyways. So im giving 2 stars becuz the drivers are good. Jus a waste on the other things.
Extremely loud, to the point of having to leave the room and the motor has to run excessively long to fill the tank. Have to wonder how it is even legal. The coiled air hose it too tightly formed to be of any use. Might as well just be a short piece of hose. Had I not left it sitting in the box for months before trying it I would have sent it back.
Kind of flimsy. It worked hard to cut one 4 inch hole and it was bent up afterwards. Wouldn't buy again.
I have several HOT TOOL items. This is the first hair dryer I purchased from them. It does NOT stay Hot!! I've had better dryers for less money!
Great movie, but send the extra money and get the Blu-Ray one. The reg DVD version has a very washed out picture.
Always anti-Trump. Not objective.
Bought three of these as grad gifts. They arrived unpacked, scuffed, and scratched. No ribbon. Didn't give as gifts as intended. The bookmark on far left is what I expected. This was a floral design ordered separately.
Outstanding Bottle Opener! Go ahead, buy this bottle opener thinking it's a gun tool, be that guy, like I was. Enjoy your bottle opener.
Table is not level. The two wooden pieces are different thickness. I can still use it for small projects but even that has its limits.
Product is not responding properly it seems to have a mind of its own is not responding properly
I usually love Knipex branded stuff, mostly because of the quality of German made tools. I'm disappointed these haven't held up however. I cut a lot of plastic zip ties at work and have used cutters half the cost that have held up much longer than these unfortunately. I think I paid $20 for these small cutters that feel extremely well made in the hand, but just don't hold an edge. They're struggling to cut after only a couple months. For the price these should last years. Hopefully my next Knipex tool won't disappoint.
Wasn't what I expected
I ordered two bottles of this Facewash One of the bottles came broken , top of pumped snapped off. The bottles of face wash weren't even wrapped in anything in the mailer..... so basically nothing to protect them.
This might be okay for keeping an edge on a pocket knife, but after 1 sharpening of my 6 chisels and 1 #4 plane iron, I couldn't tell which side was which due to lost grit on the 400 side. It did good on the plane iron, but I sharpened that first. The chisels got progressively harder to get the edge I need.
Read the reviews. I should have taken my own advice. Don't bother buying this toy. The voice is barely understandable. Another issue that might put some people off is the choice of words they use for each letter in the alphabet. Example: in English we usually say C is for cat or chicken. This toy uses C is for cock, as in rooster. This freaked out my cousin. I had given her three year old this toy for Christmas. It's a cultural thing but it might upset some people. I didn't go through the whole alphabet so I don't know if there are any other cultural differences in word choice. In any case the fact that the voice is barely audible is enough to give it a poor rating.
One of the screws that holds the frame together broke after only one use of the chair. Very disappointed!
My two complains that the upright part is rocking a bit and when it's wet the brake doesn't work. I found it out the hard way rolling down the hill. It should be in red and huge print all over the package!
Fell on bike path and large bandaid did not stick at all. Pretty disappointed. This is advertised as a good first aid kit for road rash...Not so much.
Eh. Need more hints for free.
Battery only last about 1 year.
Had to send this back as it was completely see-through.
This 101 Dalmatian remake is WEAK! Songs are mediocre at best and the plot is a copy of 101 Dalmatians. I hadn't seen this movie before and now I know why, my parents knew better than I this was a flop
Can't put much force behind it or it slips
For some reason, I never had a good experience with this product. I camped out several times this year and had not one time felt the warm to hot water for shower. Is my unit broken?
Today I bought this Square-Trade 4-year "protection" plan for a small appliance purchase. The plan expires 4 years from today. The manufacturer provides a one year warranty on the item; thus Square-Trade is really only selling a 3 year extension of the manufacturers warranty. You should call it what it is.
will still have to use vice to keep steady. slips
I didn't like it , but it was the affordable for me option stick to the original if you can afford 100.00 Plus. I could have DIY'd this and it would have been better more to my expectations easier to handle ...
Great concept however, it's about as comfortable as sitting on a shovel handle.
Very disappointed. Flicking came out and it doesn't hold air anymore
I ordered and was billed for 2 of these but only received 1. Please send the second one.
Just a catalog of magazines to buy.
I've ordered others before and these just seemed low quality pretty disappointing . Not mounted to the cup we'll
Very beautiful and the material is just what I wanted. However it is not a full fit, it covered the curbed edge on one side while the other fell short. Does not protect the phone at all. Only plus is that it is very pretty.
Quality was ok but very weird fit. I'm 5'9 140 with cyclist/runner build. Medium was very low waist, tight through the thigh, loose in the calf and short length. I sent them back and bought some Pearl Izumi. A lot more expensive but much better fit.
I did not like this movie. Nick Jonas was a good actor in it, but I did not care for the subject and what happened in the movie.
The menus were easy, the picture quality was terrible. Other apps look good through my firestick, but this one is unwatchable.
the foam inside gathers up in balls in you wash it
Not what I was expecting
Seems like good quality but they run VERY small. I ordered a size larger than usual to make sure there would be plenty of room however they were several sizes too small.
Pattern and color was lovely. Material, I'd compare to a “cheap” generic backpack. The texture looked bad with the pattern. Finishing and stitching were poor. Sent it back immediately.
The skates are hard to adjust and a wheel fell off after one use.
I have an older mule that I use for riding 4 or 5 times a week and I love it. This product is a classic case of the new version made far worse. It has fewer pockets and doesn't have a lined holder for your cell phone. I guess if you had never seen the older version you might like this but I would look elsewhere for something more utilitarian and better quality. I'm now using the bladder from this pack in my old pack since this one does not meet my needs for riding
when you see the tire it shows a rim with tire mounted, it does not come this way you have to take it somewhere and pay 10.00 to get it mounted on your rim.
The battery just did not hold a charge for very long. I used them for all my tools and no matter which one I used the results were about the same usually for an hour or so.
This is the guide only. Not as pictured! No clamp or drill bit.
I don't know if mine was old stock or had been exposed to heat, but the inventory sticker and barcode was so stuck on that the glue from them had actually etched into the metal. Got them off after 2 hours, but they had ruined the nice shiney polished metal of the bottle. It looks awful. I know it will get beat up in use, but there is no excuse for this. The factory, or the supplier, whoever put these stickers on, must know this will damage the finish! Would have sent back if i didnt need it urgently. Also, the lid on these bottles is way bigger than it needs to be.
was great for 2.5 beach trips until it broke. not worth it. I contacted customer service and they are sending a new one. Great customer service. hope this one lasts, because it is a great concept.
Does not work with an older kindle
Others may love it. Try it for yourself and make your own decision, please.
Sizes vary. I ordered 3 pair different color. 2 of them very tight 1 very loose.
I cannot even say how many times my sons bike chain comes off! It's broken more than it works.
This was a waste of my money, it seems to be dried out or dried up and it crumbles when I try to use it
I got this for my fiancé for Christmas. It worked great for about 2 weeks and then just stopped working, wouldn't turn on. It wasn't dropped or damaged- very frustrating
Not for older people
I thought it would be bigger
The thick foam padding does not hold up to barely any use, both foam pad have rips in them, I have used my kayak 4 times in 2 months. Please send me some higher quality replacement padding.
The movie, if you get through the periods in the middle where it hangs up with static, is a great movie. The DVD quality is not.
2 out of 4 did not work and it was a gift.
Rim's were bent out of box very shitty as my son used all his birthday money and baught himself.
After one week it already had rust on the handle.
First, I do like the texture and it feels good on the skin and little fragrance. Unfortunately, though I know there are no real miracle creams, I don't see the slightest bit of difference after using this moisturizer. I have great skin. I'm 65. The price has increased substantially, so I will not buy it again.
Kay's is a great low carb/high protein snack, but be careful with this offer. Seems like they can include whatever they have on hand to fill the box. I expected more salty options based on the listing picture and details on the box. They replaced 4 of the 15 bags with something else (duplicates of other sweet varieties already in the box). Bummer. Not eligible for return and no way to alert seller to this issue. Double bummer.
Hard to keep clean .can't Wash it in the machine due to the fact that you cannot take the electric light out. And after a few days the light on the left side 🦄 stopped working..
didn't like product, not as advertised, cant see things more clearly, Actually, things were darker during the day then the $5 pair I own
Played Carly Simon album, up pops some crap Rap song in the middle of it. What does rap have to do with that style of music. Quality of sound is good but you do not need quality sound for rap. Will not keep past trial.
Created a glare. Lost all the effect of the Paper Feel. Slight response delay
It goes to say that you get what you pay for. The coarse side is definitely good for blade repair but like some of the other reviews the stone came with raised edges which makes it impossible to use in a reliable way. The fine side however didn't have the previously mentioned problem but it is still a bit to coarse to get that perfect razor sharp edge. I'd suggest spending the extra money and get a higher quality stone from a company that takes more pride in the quality of the products they produce.
Novice glass turntable buyers be aware that even if it "fits" from the 'specs' perspective - the little widget that the plate sits on top of could be too tall, wide, have 3 or 4 'prongs', etc. My bad for not taking extra caution in reviewing the pertinent specs.
Doesn't taste like the Jar cheese.
Save your money unless you only have 1 or 2 holes to drill. Drill dulls fast but more importantly set screw simply wont stay tight. Dewalt more expensive but unless you want the frustration of removing drill bit from wood by hand, pass on these.
I don't like that so many interesting movie where you have to pay!!
So I'm a long time Beatles, at least as long as I can remember. I have many of the original Capitol/Apple albums on vinyl(including Abbey Road), all of the original CD releases, the 2009 remastered CDs, and now all three of the anniversary remixes on vinyl. I thought Sgt. Pepper and The White Album remixes sounded pretty good, but the remix for Abbey Road just sounds dead. Whereas on the original vinyl the vocals are crisp and clear like the boys are in the room with you, with this remix all of the vocals sound muffled like they're singing through a towel. Also the dynamics in the music seem to be totally lost with the bass and the drums overwhelming the other parts at times and the guitar intro to Here Comes the Sun is totally lack luster. I would rather listen to my 50 year old, well worn, and deeply contaminated copy (or a CD even) than this flat dead mess of a remix.
Did not indicate that measurements were metric not inches/feet
Decent caliper size, feel, display, features, price are all good. BUT has a 10 thou glitch (off scale) in the 2 inch section. Also had it (one time so far) glitch during normal use that jumped scale. I'm now NOT 100% confident in the long term reliability of the one I got. Since its too late to exchange it, I got it 38 Day ago, I am stuck. Fair warning!
Very disappointed with this basket. It arrived with many nicks, chips, and cracks in the paint. It was packed in a box by itself so it's not from other items hitting it during shipping. Also one of the handles kept falling out of the hole very easily. I was able to "fix" this however by bending it a bit. This was so not worth the price.
About half of the games I cannot play on my kindle.and keep getting kicked out.
Based on the picture I thought this would be a great helmet. But it doesn't have good coverage on the back of the head, which I thought was the point of buying this style helmet! Even on the smallest settings (and my son does not have a tiny head) it doesn't fit the head right. It wobbles all over the place and just isn't right. I do like the color and the matte look though.
I bought this to use swimming laps. It doesn't work for that at all. If I just sort of drift around slowly, like I am trying to watch a reef, or fish, or something, it seems to be fine. But whenever I try to actually swim and start moving at any speed, it's like the turbulence causes the purge valve to open and I'm sputtering to get breath through the water filling the tube and it's not that I'm ultra speedy swimmer. I'm not. I can't even just go on a kickboard or it's too much speed for this purge valve to seal. (and I've cleaned it several times, so that's not the problem.) So, unless someone has a fix for this, (which I would greatly welcome) this snorkel is fine for floating but not acceptable for swimming laps.
Be aware, you can not change the combination on this lock. It is set at the time of many actual and comes with a little metal tag telling you the combo. Master does make one that is customizable but this is not it.
cheap thin fabric, including the elastic.
works marginally better than a regular plunger on low-flow toilets, the Beehive is a much better design. This one is well built, though.
Did not stay sharp spend the extra money and buy DeWalt it will pay in the long run
Nice case but doesn't hold up well when trying to read.
The smaller once fit, but the 8-inch ones were too large for the holes.
Neckline was not flattering for a plus size gal with big chest measurements. XL usually fits just fine, but WAY too tight. Had to return.
Unfortunately, the CD case was cracked and broken. This was a gift for my sis who didn't mind since the CD wasn't damaged. The CD should've been packed better.
The mask is good. The gloves are ripped at the seems. I wanted to return the gloves but I'm only given the option to return all the products together
It doesn't always work like it should. Sometimes it goes off and it's not an internet issue because everything else works. And I don't like how you have to touch it to go off...I wish it just turned off at certain times
Just an FYI. I returned this because it did not work or I could not get it to work. I had one like this previously that I really liked but some changes were made and it did not work like my old one. That, plus the fact that when I recorded I could barely get any volume out of the recording were my reasons for returning. I was very disappointed because I liked the old one a lot.
Cancel the service because it is not as good as the firestick.
I loved the look of this cover and thought it would be great. But when I try to sign in to my tablet while it is in the cover it won't allow. As soon as I removed the tablet I can sign in. Also, there is no strap or magnet to hold it closed. Would not buy this brand again and won't recommend,
I had one disappointed son on Easter morning. I bought two packages of these for my two sons to and two in one package did not work. I guess I should have checked them before I put them in his basket.
Stripper work fine - cutting ability of this is terrible. First couple wires I cut worked fine, after that is pretty much wouldn't cut. If you have ANY intention of using this tool as more than a stripper - look elsewhere.
I realize these are cheap but while it is bright, it doesn't focus the brightness into a smaller area. One of them kept falling off the headband as well. I will be purchasing the more expensive ones from now on.
Pliers are cheap and stick a lot
Did not lay flat on my head
I thought this was delightfully designed, but it's too big for my computer so I have to return it. It didn't work out for me. 13.5” Surface had too much wiggle room.
Received case all busted up. Had to get a new used case on ebay. Thankfully the discs are ok.
Doesn't have good stability. Even on flat surfaces it still tilts and falls over.
I am a Contigo fan, but they do not make a 32 oz. mug so I decided to try this Pelican. I was leary about the plastic lid, as I wasn't sure if it would keep the contents as warm or be leakproof. It is neither!!! It doesn't keep coffee as warm for as many hours as it says. For me, I've found maybe stays hot for 2 hrs. at most, then just starts cooling off. Also if you accidentally even tip this cup, contents leak out even when it is closed. Does not hold up to Contigo where I could drop a full cup on the floor and nothing leaks. I can also shake a Contigo cup (if I'm mixing a drink, etc.) and they will not leak. I have about 4 Contigos and they've all performed the same. VERY DISAPPOINTED in this mug.
The adapter is really nice to have if you intend to use one of the coleman portable grills mostly at home or in one place for an extended period of time. BUT mine leaked at the connection point from the hose to the propane tank the first time I used it. I'm assuming it was damaged in shipping, but I'm out past the return window so I'll either try to repair or get a new one. Hopefully yours works better.
it's missing 2 cards it's saying 10 but I received only 8 .
Initially the gloves are great. comfortable and the suede is nice. but after only a couple rides the seam by the thumb split open.
This vest is sized incorrectly. It says 50-90 pounds. My daughter is 53 pounds, and this vest is already almost too small. It seems tight and she says it's uncomfortable. We will be returning this.
Screen failed after two months - no damage, just started loosing the display.
This is a good battery until the ears that snap into your tool work harden and break, subsequently the battery just falls out when using your tool. BUY THE PROTECTION!
As advertised, and the components of the kit are all fine, but the bag is awful. Velcro on the straps starting disintegrating on my second ride, and by the end of the first week I had to use zip ties to keep it attached to my bicycle. Ended up tossing the bag and keeping items (sans pump) in my saddle bag.
This one had to send back. Plus poor delivery were the machine was sent were All can see the machine. No box covered to protect the machine at all.
Too Small. Seat is too short for your legs. Back is too low for your head. I'm only 5'9" and 200lbs. Not comfortable at all.
The images, especially outside the house, are really too soft for impressive 4k. The HDR colors didn't impress me either.
The product is not for stuck screws, you apply a little bit extra pressure and the head chips off. Otherwise for normal use it is good.
Fair Value But the stand is kind of cheesy and. The metal ripe bent And I had to repair it the first Time I even used the stand. I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it.
Didn't fit my bike. Bars too thick for these mirrors to fit.
Made my husband have a rash and to itch.
We took these camping for 3 nights and did not once see them glow. In fact, I tripped over one twice - which was what I was trying to prevent by ordering glow-in-the-dark stakes. However, they held up to the “heavy duty” claim. So that's something...
Earrings were attractive except I noticed that the Celtic knots were put on backwards (dull side faced out). Broke a nail taking them apart and reversing knots.
I did not have a chance to test these pants beyond unboxing them and trying them on, and that was a massive fail. I felt like I was wearing a couple of overpriced and oversized garbage bags on my legs, but somehow my inseam was nonetheless uncomfortably tight. Aside from that, the materials felt fairly cheap for the money, but Columbia seems to be hit or miss with that these days.
I bought this wallet to go with my Kavu rope bag. I have had it roughly a year. If using with the bag it's fine, I love the pattern, and can fit my check book. I CAN'T use it by its self, the slots for the cards have always been too big, they don't stretch that I can tell they are just slick and too very large. I have lost cards multiple times due to this. So it's not always functional, and I ended up putting my cards in the front zipper pocket, which leaves me without a spot for my loose change, so that gets dumped in my bag. So for the price, if you aren't overly worried about matching wallet and bag I'd probably skip this purchase.
Probably in the bottom 3 worst Bond films.
The app it wants you to use drained my battery on my cell and even locked it up on 3 occasions.
CONS: This is my 4th rashguard t-shirt, as i buy every alternate summer, and i am sorry to say is too tight, especially at armpits and waist (though i have quite slim waist)- the tightness and the size running too small compared o the size makes the tshirt appear more like a wets suit. I am a relatively slim guy with a medium gym body and this shirt is too tight and uncomfortable at the hands. Not happy and returning this. Also it is way too costly than some equivalent products. PROS: The only positive thing is that the seams and stitches look good and the hand prints look really cool.
Not stretchy sounds like it is ripping when you put it on.
I'm currently giving the plane 2 stars because while it seems to be heavy duty and solid, I don't understand why what I received looks so different from the pictures here on Amazon AND the pictures on the box. Different shape and no chrome on the handle for starters. It may seem trivial, but I expect to receive what is advertised.
Coast was warm, but beware that it may not be an authentic NF product. It had a horrible mildew smell after washing it and it turned dark brown in several areas. I think it was due to the smell. Used less than three times then had to return it due to it being defective.
The tv function takes a while to load and it is low resolution. After a few months of use now the Dvd door wouldn't open - not even used frequently. Fortunately I didn't pay a lot for this unit.
Very disappointed. NOWHERE in the description does it say that this only goes down to 54 degrees, which is nowhere near cold enough for white wines. I have no idea why anyone would put such a limitation on a refridgerator.
Keeps drinks cold with no ice for a while, but the zipper would not stay closed after first use. Needless to say, beer went everywhere. Really disappointed being that this was supposed to be an awesome birthday gift from my wife.
Decent enough picture but the refresh rate on this TV is horrific. You can see the frame rate issues even with the TV menus. Playing a game or watching a movie on this TV is OK at times but is overall a poor experience.
Bought tire last month for $150 now they are $250
There were no instructions, and the video included on the Amazon site doesn't show this exact model of rack. The video shows a different style of side brace than the parts with the blue ends. There also are thin rubbery pieces that might be to cushion where the side supports attach to the frame, but the video doesn't show them being used. The video is somewhat helpful, but you'll still have to guess with parts of the install.
We bought these particular hoses for the last year or so for our European car dealership and never had bad luck with them. However the last two we bought have failed in the exact same place, right at the fitting. Since they are out of warranty we had to resort to splicing in a repair junction to keep the hose usable after only a few months on the job. For what it's worth, we are using the hoses commercially but this isn't a fast paced flat rate facility. So we're not beating up our equipment where failing air hoses would be the norm.
These have a funky odor to them...I don't know what it is but I don't like my hands to smell.
Gave this movie a chance, but as other reviewers stated, it sucks. SUPER slow paced, dumb choices made during the movie, and an ending that is very hard to understand. As tempted as you may be, pass on it....wish I did.
It fell apart after months. It was good while it was still working and provided good heating. Just a shame the reliability is horrible.
Could not find a difference. No extra cushion on the snow when snowboarding. Tailbone bruises after riding with these.
I was trying to remove some stuck on grout but it didn't do anything.
Waste of money.. Don't bother. Just get the waterproof fabric.
I originally liked the fact their was a flint, compass and clip. 3 months later compass fell off and plastic attachment also fell of flint and clip are holding up sooo far!!!
I am really disappointed in this case. I got a new Kindle Fire 8 (my third Kindle) and was very excited to find this case. I liked how it could stand up and had a clear back to display my Steeler yellow and black Kindle! However, it does not live up to the other reviews I read online. First of all, it does not stand up in any format. I like to read without having to hold my Kindle, and I cannot do that with this case. Also, it is not very protective. I've only had it a few days and am looking for a new case to replace it. Very disappointed.
Cheaply made so I returned it.
When I received the bike it had a bent front fender it I also had a couple scratches where something was rammed through the box because it had holes in it and part of it was smashed when I got it. I asked could they send me a new fender and they said no they don't do that ,I asked could they give me a discount so I could buy the fender they said no they don't do that,they said I could send it back but I can't send it back because it's the second time I ordered the bike and my granddaughter waited two months for it. I like the bike it's great just a bummer to receive it with so many dings and dents. I don't understand why someone couldn't just replace one front fender instead of making me send a whole bicycle back. But I'm sure that they figure I don't want to send a whole bicycle back so they're just not going to take care of it which is really rude and bad business very bad business. Expect your bike to have dents in dings when you get it if you order it from them.
Very limited, and with a range of tests, including many arbitrary ones that you may not enjoy.
These shorts are not that great, they are soft, however the pockets are too small, my phone hangs out and the hem rolls up and looks tacky.
As the manufacturer, and many reviewers mention the whole frame of the pump is nice solid metal. The gauge is easy to read and accurate, and a few drops of glue easily fixed the plastic covers falling off the feet. Unfortunately the hose and connector are the weak point. Getting the connector on far enough to activate the valve stem, but not so far that it's hard to get off when you're done pumping took some practice. The second time I used the pump to inflate bicycle tires, the hose ruptured. I'm going to replace the hose and connector with some I have from an old air compressor that died. Without those upgrades I wouldn't recommend this pump.
My son can't ride this scooter because everything is really loose on it, and the handlebars move around. He has fallen repeatedly, and so has the neighbor.
Packaging is convenient, but taste is lacking.
This looks like a bath towel on the floor.
The slide does not work properly. I have to use a lubricant daily just to get it to move smoothly. I contacted Hitachi which is now another company and they suggested using the spray lubricant. My Dewalt 12 inch miter saw that I had for close to 15 years, never had this problem.
Beautiful necklace but not happy the chain broke after 1 month of wearing it.
Very thick. (All the pictures show it from the side but cleverly not from any angles which show its thickness.) Not worth the money. The bits attachment is not sturdy or useful. I wouldn't get it again. There are better knives and better multi tools. The feel in your hand is not good. Too plasticky. Too bulky.
To be honest I really was expecting to enjoy it more. It was ok but not one of my favorite spiritual type movies.
These socks are way too big. It'll be another year or so before my daughter will fit in them.
The size run small...the snap buttons are delicately mounted...easily dislodged or torn off if not extra careful.
This tv worked well for about 6 months. I would have issues randomly with powering on. Now the tv doesn't power on at all. Disappointed
Smelled great but busted open in the box. Disappointed!
My hands aren't that big but these are too small and too short on wrist, start peeling down immediately. Tougher to put on and no box for dispensing. I'd skip these.
Worked great for a while and then the rubber end started peeling away until it all came off. You can still kind use it after but not easily.
Very small lightening bolts. Doesn't look anything like the photo they display.
I bought this to measure millimeters in jewelry and it is way off. The inches measurement works, but that's not what I bought this for. Oh well. I'll keep looking.
easy and simple to operate
Super bright and awesome when walking your dog at night (especially when it gets dark earlier in the day!) but it stopped working randomly after only 2 weeks. Bummer.
This item's box is broken they use the clear tape to reseal the box since the original broken. The bag left size is a little higher than the right size, and it looks like a very cheap made bag. It is not desert the money.
really smaller then stated
very hard to get air through these tubes. I tried for a month doing laps in the pool, hoping my lungs would get stronger but alas they did not and this expensive piece of equipment lies dormant in my cupboard.
The stand is awesome. Looks great. The lamp shade looks cheap and tawdry. Hopefully I can finder a nicer shade that will work with the stand
Everything was good except the order color was wrong.They sent blue instead of grey and black.
This movie was more annoying than fun. The girl was too insecure and came off as pathetic. Not a good story or should I say she kept running way too much. Not a convincing female love interest.
I used only one of the three and that one broke after drilling about 50 holes. Not overheated, not forced, not bent, just broke in the soft maple wood and I had to push it out with a nail driver to prevent discoloration. Unnecessary complication. Waste of time.
The package or mask don't have N95 listed on actual product. This is a serious health concern.
The ice cubes started leaking the water little by little until there was nothing left. A wet mess inside the bag where I had them keeping a dessert cold. A waste of money.
Not impressed with this app at all.
disc numbers were backwards
It's not really bright. the spokes have to be hit by light in a specific angle for it to work in any meaningful way...
I've never had an XXL shirt that didn't fit. This shirt is very snug.
Way too big for my hands. I usually buy ladies style gloves because otherwise the fingers of the gloves are too long and interfere with function. These are too long for my fingers!! Like men's gloves.
Everything costs money
it crashed quit working right a lot of money on the game wasted
Software tries its best to transfer documents and programs, but fails to fulfill its advertised punch line. My experience with transferred programs is that programs that supposedly checked green do not work perfectly. Example, when opening a word document using Microsoft Office, every time Microsoft Office starts installing a missing component before opening document. I am very disappointed with this software to say the least.
We took this to Disney and after the third day using it, the bag ripped at the seams. I placed four regular sized water bottles in the bag each day and it ripped. It looked more durable than that when I purchased it and then when I got it in the mail. Kind of bummed because I really liked it.
cheap... weak.... very poor quality
I bought this for using when camping. Was great for the "dinner table" while preparing meals to make over the campfire after dark, and for hanging on the pole at the campsite for illumination when needed. Unfortunately, after a few camping trips the handle broke off. There is a tiny plastic piece that fits the handle into the main body of the unit that seems a bit too short and unsturdy. Came here to find a replacement handle but can't seem to find one.
I bought this chair a year ago for camping, going to the beach, and outdoor events. It was fine the summer. This year by the third time I used it, the top right corner where the fabric hooks on to the pole has ripped. The fabric around the piece that hooks over the pole is frayed. I can still use it but it's a matter of time before the whole thing rips off. I'm 150lbs so not exactly over the weight limit. Update: A customer rep from Moon Lence contacted me and apologized for the condition of the product. She assured me the info will be used to improve the product. I was also given a $30 Amazon gift card for the damaged chair.
Thought it was a good purchase, bought for my brother in 2nd grade. Didn't last longer.
Didn't care about the story line. Poor Ending
It looks cool, and it does throw sparks, but requires a LOT of work. And a tiny piece of sharp metal isn't the most comfortable thing to have to grip for any extended period. Especially in any inclement weather. Just make things easier on yourself and wear a Ferro rod and striker, or use the 90° spine on your knife. This might help in a pinch, but just prepare yourself to drop some F-bombs.
Was not able to try it out because it did not arrive when it was supposed. Left on my trip without a kick pad because this item was not delivered on the date it was guaranteed to arrive by.
This eyeliner is smudge city and wears off fast. If you want to look like a raccoon, go for it.
This is very nice to have. I can't help but wonder where Voyager is when I listen to this. But I too was under the impression that it would have music on it.
didn't really work on the wasp problem I have unfortunately
States it comes with 15 darts but only comes with 4.
The fabric got holes at the seams by the feet within about a month of wear. I know babies don't wear clothes too long but they should last longer than that.
Did not come with solder sucker
It didn't compare to the book at all. It was one of my favorite books and show was nowhere nearly as good. I was disappointed.
IT ARRIVED WITH DAMAGE ON THE RIGHT SIDE. AN AREA ABOUT 10" X 10". I LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THE UNIT EXCEPT THE DAMAGED SIDE WHICH WILL BE SEEN.
It is buildable but takes many layers and by that time it's pretty clear you're using makeup to cover something.
Not what I ordered but now can't find correct order. The polish listed in the orders is what I got. Should have printed my original order.
Too large for my hands.
Cheap material. The screws tips strip easily with use. The voltage detector doesn't stay very well in its slot. Also there is no way to turn it off so it beeps when you're turning the screwdriver. I have tried different versions over the years and none have ever worked right. This is the last one for me.
I wanted to give a great review after my first and second use cause it worked perfectly back then. However, both my boyfriend's and mine started leaking after our third time use! This even ruined our snorkeling trip because we tried few times in the beach before going to the actual snorkeling and this didn't work in the real trip! Don't buy it unless you just want one time use.
Used a total of 6 nights. Will not hold air all night long now and have to refill it after about 4-5 hours. Pump latch will not stay latched so the batteries fall out, have to hold it closed while in use.
Works great for a while maybe a month or two. Then it starts to spray everywhere. The switch fails and the water saving feature is lost. Cheap and Easy ti Install but they just don't last.
Plastic case it came in is broken, pieces were mixed but all pcs there
Like others, I saw 2 in the picture and expected to get 2. It's the right part just half as many as I expected.
I like that it does make my rod and reel float, but that is the end of what I like. The line hits it and makes shorter casts and drags across the float. Great idea, but not exactly what I need.
Bent at shoe horn almost the first time I used them. They do fit nicely in a suitcase.
This cd is a waste of time.
The medium size was too big. If normally you wear size M, this shirt fits like L. It is not true to size.
Large is too tight. I am 5'10” and 190. Belts are at their max and the jackets are tight.
The product posting was for the 2018 Version and what I received was the 2017 with a link to download the 2018 version. I wasn't happy. Expected the 2018 version in the package.
I ordered a black case. It arrived in great shape and has been awesome. I love the way these cases feel when I hold my 7" tablet and they function great for portrait and landscape viewing. I also ordered a purple case for a friend and it arrived falling apart at the seams. I did some more research and learned this is a common occurrence for all amazon cases, so I have decided to avoid ordering the amazon licensed cases. They are over priced compared to their competitors who do not have issues with poor cuts/seams that are falling apart on arrival. Not worth the gamble.
Appears to be good quality thermos material, but the strap is way too short. I got it for my boyfriend for Christmas, the idea being it would be a good way to carry a 6 pack out to go fishing or swimming, but the strap is so short there is no way he'll be able to wear it across his back while full. Like, why would I want to get him what is essentially a long awkward beer handbag? It would be fine if not for the strap, but that really ruins the entire thing.
I really wanted to like this. It goes on ok. Have to take your time. It just never really dries so you can never rub your eyes or touch them all day. Still looking for a good natural mascara
Nice helmet! Bad customer service, can't understand simple exchange! Had to buy elsewhere.
Light, looks well built, but the front foam gave me a huge headache on under an hour! Trimmed the excess foam and made it better, but I just bought a new one
This is a very cute backpack. Unfortunately, the front zipper has already broken after two months of light use.
This story is a little creepy or dark for my taste.
The assembly of this unit was great until you get the the drawers. The drawer itself is to wide for the opening, the slides are incredibly cheaply made. 3/4 of the drawers not only wouldn't go in but broke the sliders on the way. I'll give this thing two stars because you can still use this without the drawers as a relatively solid welding cart, however, for the cost, garbage.
Bought this for night time bicycle rides, but found the main white LED to focus on small center spot. Light beam was not even at all. This is OK for close-up work, but really too bright for that. I did like the green light feature. Green was much more even as far as coverage and was bright. Will keep for other purposes, but not recommended because of uneven coverage. LED case on center light does get warm to the touch. So far charged to full once and have been using on and off for 3 nights for short term stuff. (I will try adding a diffuse film to the front to see if that helps)
The motion detection on my camera's are not working properly. I have two camera's, one of them does not pick up motion on the right side of the camera and the other does not pick up movement outside of ~10 feet. Wi fi signal seems to be 'okay', night vision is not perfect but viewable.
The sound is so poor that it leads me to believe that this is a bootleg recording versus a true commercial recording. I have the vinyl records of these songs from the 1970's. Gordon's voice on the vinyl records is crystal clear. It is not on this CD.
Okay pants for price. Right pocket zipper poorly installed in that zipper teeth ended 1/2 inch before pocket so zipper just came right off first time I wore them. Fortunately I didn't have anything in pocket. Poor workmanship.
Cheap, can't control the lights, battery doesn't last long, it's not loud enough! In short, it sucks.
Only charges halfway but does the job. To bad they don't charge all the way. They would be as good as the original B&C.
I wanted a night light, meaning something that could be on all night. The cord is about a foot long, so it can't be used plugged in and to leave a battery powered light on all night is going to run through a LOT of batteries. Also (and this was my oversight on the pictures) to use it as a projection light you have to take the cover off, so it's just really ugly. I'm not sure how long the films will last, since they have to be exposed to dust to work.
I decided to ignore the reviews on here that warned about receiving the wrong product. That was a mistake. I received the 12” Tradesman bag instead of the bag I ordered. Furious. 1 star furious. Then I called Amazon customer care and they refunded me my money and graciously allowed me to keep the incorrect bag. I would say that earns them 2 stars. I have reordered to get proper bag I ordered. I will update when I receive.
Got the torch on Friday. Some round thing fell out of the spout on Monday. The torch was not dropped or damaged by my use. Now the ignition doesn't work. It works ok without the ignition but the fine flame controller doesn't seem to work as well. Unfortunately this is a somewhat normal experience with these torches. I've had several over the years. This one will do for now until it no longer functions.
Items arrived with the case completely destroyed. The Blu-ray CDs are not damaged, however, the case itself crumbled to pieces when I opened it. Smh. Horrible packaging.
Lousy quality, blew out after 2 weeks of Normal riding. They were also deformed when I slightly inflated them (before installing onto the rim), bulging in some spots. I've never seen that with other tires.
Totally dislike, had to turn it back due to being very uncomfortable
After just a few punch-downs, the punch-down tool started falling apart. The screw holding the cheap chassis together started coming out at a weird angle and I can't seem to fix it. The cable tester counts 1-8 green but that doesn't guarantee the connection works for gigabit. Some of my wired connections test "OK" but apparently not well enough for the full throughput. The crimper tool also breaks the tabs on my connectors occasionally when I squeeze. Maybe I'm not using this correctly, but it's impossible to know because there are no instructions with the kit in the first place. The only instructions included are for the tester which are clearly translated and very confusing. This is a very cheap kit overall, I'm going to return it.
My son says laggy. Did not work as advertised
Worked for what we needed it to Cheaper then buying it in the store
I started playing with my daughter and she absolutely loved it, but I didn't realize That you get almost no words included, and unfortunately I do not have $30 to spend on an app. I have never even seen an app cost that much before.
Not very bright, complicated flashing patterns when I wanted simple on-off back-end turn signals. Replaced with different product.
Steaks were okay. Not the freshest I've ever had and this was reflected in the taste.
Can I have help? this app started blocking sites I'd go to, such as Urban Dictionary (it'd say it was adult content) can you explain why?
Dermablend leg and body cover lasts longer and covers better than the leg and body make-up.
I bought this thing based on it's positive reviews but I've been sorely disappointed in it's performance. I can't speak to it's ability to count steps, measure distance, or calorie counts, but based on the one thing that was important to me, heart rate, it failed miserably. It's other functions were not a consideration. I wore it to the gym for several days and kept trying it out, it never matched what the heart rate monitor on the stair stepper or stationary bike would display. So I thought perhaps they were wrong, or that my heart rate changed radically between machines; but I was suspicious. It was usually off by a wide margin and sometimes it was too high and sometimes too low. But it was never correct. I thought that perhaps the gym machines were off so I tried it at home. I have a Kardia device. It's basically a single lead EKG device that's FDA approved. Check it out here on Amazon if you don't know what one is. So I tried comparing the watch to the Kardia device. As I suspected, it was off by enough to make it useless. Perhaps the other functions work, I never checked them out. However, I would think that calorie count, at the least, would be dependent on heart rate. But who knows what algorithms this little piece of junk may employ. It makes an okay watch, but who whats to recharge their watch once a week? *** Update on November 19. I received an email from the seller (and apparently owner) of the retailer of this watch offering to return my purchase price and give me a $5 gift card if I would delete or upgrade my review of this product. I've ignored the offer, my review is an honest review and I prefer to stand by it.
This is not a true replacement for my stove. Knob is plastic rather than stainless. Only reason I kept it was I could use the plastic disk in the back as this is what needed to be replaced on my stainless knob.
Feels cheep, sounds like a toy. Smells like something burning when using. I give it a month before it breaks
I paid $8.99 for four of these clamps. They work good. But I was at my local flea market and these same exact ones were $4.00 for 4. Boy I'm a sucker.
1 can of Kidney Beans dented
I removed it once, went to put it back on the next morning and the clasp broke off when I barely touched it. I like how thin this chain is but maybe too thin.
This is a really nice lotion but I won't buy it again until they change the bottle or pump. I bought this product several times but the pump doesn't ever work and it is a mess getting the lotion out if the bottle. Otherwise the lotion smells really nice
Too many advertisements!
I received the DVD player and it word well for 3 days. After that it started to get fuzzy and stop playing. I wanted to make sure it was the machine and not my dvd's,so we tried several different dvd's And wanted to send back but we forgot about it. Shame on me. It was to late to return.
The product worked great, and I was able to sand away the paint in the grooves of the baseboard, but the bracket that attaches to the oscillating tool broke after 20 minutes, rendering the tool unusable.
Unit came with weak solder joints that broke off at the slightest movement. It worked well for about a month before failing...suspecting that all of the solder joints in the wires and PCB are of low quality and repeated use/heat cycling led the controller fail in short order.
These gloves don't warm your fingers at all (which was what I was really looking for). The middle part of the glove is only luke warm. I think I ordered a large (which is what I wear in a golf glove) and they were way too big for me.
Inexpensive and disposable. The tint was what I liked most about them. They are very dark for safety eyewear and that is what I was looking for. The fit was perfect for me snug, but not pinching they stay on top of your head when you need to move them up for a break. The style is comfortable, they didn't hit my cheek, didn't dig into my nose and didn't fog during work. Very lightweight. They look more like sunglasses than safety glasses which is cool. The lenses had a bit of a swirl/distortion near the bottom edge but I ignored given the price. Now the bad part.. They don't last. These are one time use glasses. Like, the kind you have on hand for visitors to your work area. Each pair had a hairline crack on the bridge/nose piece right out of the wrapper. The longest use I was able to get out of a pair is 3 days. It happens suddenly. On the job, go to put them on and snap, right in the middle. Same place every time, right on that visible hairline crack you saw taking it out of the package. Then you're stuck on the job in the sun with nothing. If you buy these, leave the house with three pair.
I used same respirator before and it worked great. However when I ordered this replacement - it got delivered without filters. If you want to be on a safe side, order respirator + spare filters separately.
Poor quality. The inside is cardboard with a paper towel like lining
I purchased this for my husband for Father's Day, and wanted to ensure that he would have a great bag to fit his 6'4" hight and frame. While the bag certainly fits, the feature "zips on both sides," as listed in the First bullet point, is completely not true. It has a double zip, same side zipper, just like any other bag. The "zips on both sides" was an important feature for me to buy this as he gets hot easily, even in winter camping. It's a shame that they couldn't get the promo right.
Def came into this product expecting high things from it. Heard from mutual friends that it was sturdy, leak proof and child proof. To my surprise it didn't meet the leak proof part which was the most important. My daughter would manage to unseal it just by playing around with it in her hands, while drinking, and even after I would place the seal back it would not hold making it spill all over the place, so it defeated the purpose of hard core seal and sturdy for children. A little disappointed since this is a great brand and the print could not have been any cuter.
Very, very cheap product. The pads are okay, maybe 6 out of 10. Helmet is deff not very good, and does not seem safe at all. I would recommend this as a Halloween costume more less.
3-6 month size is small for my 2-month baby
Blankets are thinner than I expected - not too big an issue, but the main problem is that the blankets smell extremely strongly of mold and mildew. Maybe these got wet during shipping but I can't keep these in the house due to how musty they smell.
Well, I brought the box out on my kayak with me. I opened it and dropped the anchor in, but it didn't stop me. It might work better if they attached it with some kind of tether. It was just a chunk of metal.... How's that supposed to stop my kayak?
3 months and heating went out...
This game changed my bet on its own after I won a large amount of points and took them away my next spin because it jumped by bet to 100 million instead of 100 thousand. No response from customer service when I emailed them. Hopefully, Amazon will follow up since I buy through them.
Second time ordering this product, first time it was so good someone stole it, and was really looking forward to this case on my shelf. While I'm sure the movies work (I haven't tried them yet) the actual case itself is...well unusable. The interior clips that hold the disk trays were all smashed to pieces, and now the 4 movies just kinda float freely in the case. I'm probably going to have to buy blank cases so that I don't have to worry about buying this movie set a 3rd time!
There was no instructions on how to setup internet connection. :-(
I bought these to cut shimano outer gear cables.The cuts were poor and I did better with wire cutters. I do not recommend this...get a more expensive tool...hopefully better quality.
I love this product, but the oil leaked all over. It was not sealed properly. I can't return it because I have to use it.
Eh. Not worth the cost. Their standard neck warmers are great. This one is too light/thin of a neck warmer and the hood is worthless to protect from cold. I had to wear a second neck warmer over this one to stay warm in 10 degree weather. Wouldn't buy again.
Trying to eat healthier so we tried these and they tasted like packing material. Definitely won't buy them again.
Just used this for my daughter's wedding for draping. Bought 2 bolts. The first one was fine, but the second one was in 3 pieces and couldn't be used. So stay away from this if you need it for a long continuous drape. It was a very bad surprise.
It was a nice glove design however the strap to secure wasnt the best and required further designing
I mean this may work for someone else with different type of skin than mine but definitely for mine. It did not come with a toner or moisturizer like I thought it would. It came with for some reason 2 facewash and 1 makeup remover. I have dry and oily skin... my acnes got worse when using this. So maybe not for me. It smells good tho, and it feels cooling and smooth when you use it...but yeah not for me.
Great concept except my classroom doors won't shut with these in place. Too thick. Returning
Arrived broken, the plastic clips holding the brush head in place were broken off.
Used for the sidewalk lighting for my warehouse. It's very bright, but one light died after one month use.
This vest probably will work in a lower humidity area, but the high summer humidity in the Carolinas prevents effective evaporation. Instead of feeling cool, it becomes steamy feeling in a short time. I tried wetting it before leaving home and then chilling it in the air-conditioned car until I get to my outside projects. I wore a thin cotton t shirt under it, but a quick drying t shirt might be a better alternative that I did not try. With the cotton t shirt, it gets warm too quickly. I had hoped to also be able to wear it under my ventilated bee jacket, but it definitely would not work as a layer. It does provide good visibility as you work in a field (as I was doing).
This is a downgrade from my G5. Screen is worse. Camera sucks, G5 was better. Isnt nearly as fast as the 5G. Def not an upgrade. Apps randomly crash. And as of right now, it started playing music out of the blue. Cant figure out how to get it to stop. Really disappointed in this phone.
These were the first I bought after having surgery and being put in a walking boot It was this November with rain and snow and they quickly developed holes. There are two in the package, which is nice, but noth worse out within a month and I had to buy a more expensive brand.
I really like the way the umbrella looks and it held up nicely but I can't get the LEDs to work after only turning it on a couple times. I'm really disappointed because they were specifically why I purchased this item.
Listed as US software Ended up {English United Kingdom}. After some research was able open the ISO file and add a configuration file that allowed me to finall install the USA PRO Version. So much for a couple days.
Although a nice concept, I expected the item to look more professional. It looked like something I could have done at home and printed on my own printer.
this item was cheaply made
Barely honks, have to squeeze hard and fast before you get a small honk
Not worth the price not that great
propaganda with lovely and sincere actors, a little flash-bang effects and fear for all. some people need a reason for anything that can happen...for everything that can happen...this film is all god, bible, church and what some believe and they are insisting on everyone joining the club.
So disappointed in this sandpaper as it rips from our sander with very little use. It's caused way more frustration than it's worth. Get something else!
The background noise from the crowd is too high.
This does not let you cut across the water as advertised. It's not very stable for 2 people but I didn't expect it to be and didnt knock it for that. What I knocked it for was how it splashes water in your face because the attachment is under the tube. We orderd the Orb to try and fix it but it didn't and now I cant return the tube. The Orb is great. Disappointing for the family on the lake and my pocket book. We ordered a different WoW product in hopes it's better.
I've used half of the jar now, disappointed and admit that this was not worth of 35 bucks, scent okay but no moisture at all.
This CD has well known songs. However, I'm guessing they didn't have permission to do cover versions because the tunes are a bit different to the originals, thereby making it very hard to sing along. My daughter was very disappointed.
Bought in anticipation of a couple installs. First seam of first install suction cup broke right out of metal casing very frustrating and damaging to install
This tripod It's not properly for 3 lines 360° laser, the weight make unstable the level on tripod head
The box came damaged and had to trash so can't tell u how it was I got same glitter eyeshadow from Sephora The colors were pretty but it was all smashed n some colors were spread on others
The shorts appear to be very nice, however they sent the wrong size. Very frustrating!
Very disappointing. I put two of them to replace the two bulbs in the garage. Basically centered over the two car spaces, so about 8-10 feet apart, and I'd guess 4-6 feet from the side walls. It turns on if I go into the laundry room (room right by the door, it turns on if I walk the hallway to my kitchen past that washroom (laundry room about 5 feet wide. Not sure if it would turn on from upstairs -- can't get there and out before it would cut off. So instead of a light that goes on when someone is in the garage (not all that often), it's going to be going on and off all day. It also turns on if I walk outside the side of the garage (admittedly, something I do a lot less than walk to the kitchen). Also, the instructions say it stays on for 2 minutes. Um, no. Maybe 15-20 seconds. But since it's so sensitive, I think even reading a manual in the garage would keep it on, so that's likely better given all these false triggers all the time. I was looking forward to this; now I'm sorry I got it.
Arrived with 2 cans exploded and empty, which destroyed half the boxes of the other food i ordered.
App would not connect to my wi-fi.
It's only a knife holder! This picture shows a knife. The knife is sold separately.
Would not work on any watch band I owned.
These were recommended by one of my favorite YouTubers. I really wanted to like them, but I found them uncomfortable no matter which size I used, plus they didn't block as much noise as my tried-and-true foam plugs. My riding buddy tried them and said the same, so it wasn't just me. I will probably return them.
Most of them are considerably unbalanced.
Returned this due to it being way too tight on my daughter's head. And, it didn't reduce noise all that much.
I'm not a snorkel kind of girl so I really didn't think it would be so different than swim goggles. I guess it is because this didn't work at all for my swim goggles. After the fact I read the back and it states it's not for swim goggles. Wish they would put that in the description.
The fabric was too skimpy as well as the cut. The sizing was so far off (I'm not someone who lies to themselves about the required size) that it looked painted on when I tried it on, and because the fabric was so thin, it more than accentuated my flaws, it downright emphasized them!
It was ok. The water gets warm very quickly and it doesn't really hold that much.
Didnt finish the first task
Upon recommendation by many on the internet blogs, I tried the OAN channel. I object to paying for a single channel and being forced to watch their commercial ads, I believe it's part of the price we pay that we don't have to watch advertising. The stories were taken from all over the world, many would not have affected US citizens and frankly, were boring. I liked the conservative point of view of the channel and particularly their accuracy on telling the truth about our current president. Most of current media are skewed far left and truly are fake media, OAN is not skewed in that direction, and get their facts straight.
Not Hammer, and not very entertaining !
Very low quality. When using ot to clean valve seats, they come apart very fast.
I liked the idea of this shovel and the price point, but the plastic split on our first backpacking trip. The adage you get what you pay for holds true and my next shovel will be of higher quality.
Do not like it. But was cheap!
Love this product only no longer available for delivery in my area ! Wonder why as I only live 45 min away! Can't find in any stores either too bad !
Said it would cover a 29 inch cruiser bicycle but didn't even come close
Cute app but the ads are constantly and annoying
Durable, easy to clean and easy for my little ones to drink from, but it is definitely not leak proof. I only allow water in these cups, but regardless of what beverage is in them, there seems to be some kind of pressure buildup inside the cup and water leaks from the mouthpiece constantly. To get it to stop spewing water, I have to unscrew the lid and then squeeze the mouthpiece, then the water will flow back down the straw and into the cup. But it has to be done frequently because water constantly leaks and drips from the mouthpiece. We'll continue to use the cups we have for now, but I will not be buying more!
While the words show up, there is not much of a background vocal. You are pretty much on your own. I guess you get what you pay for.
Update 2 months after: quality is still not good. Tip broke in the same exact way as the first case. The case does not protect the kindle. The case is very cute, exactly as the picture. But quality is not as expected. It's been not even 2 weeks that I have the case and somehow a little piece broke. I just use my kindle in my bed, can't recall I've ever dropped... even if I had, I have carpet in my room, so this should not have happened. Update: customer service is great. They replaced my case. Hope this will last :)
Smaller than expected, opening was awkward it has to be done a certain way. Most disappointing was its poor cutting ability. I tried using the line cutter to cut an old shoelace and took 5 attempts before it cut through, I can only imagine trying to cut through a salt encrusted fouled piece of rope in an emergency, it would be totally useless. Item was sent back same day it arrived, I do not recommend it.
Since the gloves were advertised to be for men I thought they would be larger; They WERE NOT. The gloves are tearing along several of the fingers. My wife has a pair of women gloves, they are not torn, and are only SLIGHTLY SMALLER than the men's gloves I purchased. I am very in satisfied.
Light weight and well seen seams. That's the good. But more than outweighed by the bad. Terrible water bottle storage. You can not reach a water bottle while wearing the backpack. And you cannot put the backpack on without the water bottle falling out of the backpack. If you don't have a hiking partner traveling with you, you are forced to hand carry your water bottle. This totally defeats the purpose of having a backpack in the first place. This product needs a major redesign.
I havent tried the movies yet but they are not standard american dvd. Seems like they were left over movies from oversee and brought back to sell on amazon. The cases look cheap and made for the dollar store for resell.
I got the offer for 2 tablets, for my kids. One month before the guarantee expired my girl's tablet stopped charging. I called (good experience with customer service) and had it replaced with another and it works fine, but the next month my son's tablet is giving me the same problem and his guarantee expired by less than a month. Are these made to last or made to break down after a year? I expected more longevity from these.
The screw on top can really hurt
It might be okay, but the DVD has issues, when it is playing it looks like it is on pause, but behind this they are doing the exercises and it is hard to see them clearly and be able to do them. The DVD started out okay, and after a while it started doing this and did not stop.
First - there is no Alan Wrench as the photo shows. 2nd - I can not use an a wrench on it to bring it up or down - I can push it strait up so it is flush, but it falls right back down again 3rd, there are no directions that come with this. It was a waste of my time and money to get this. I am extremely disappointed in the product and the seller.
Just put this together and noticed it has two holes. Will be sending back.
Had it in my pocket most of the time, didnt use it too much at all and it just fell apart
Had a camping trip, and decided to buy two of these. As I was going with a friend we both used one. First interesting observation one was white, the other was blueish in color. We both used the two side led mode, and for about 4-5 hours. Then the blueish color one died. While the white one seemed okay. They got the same charge time. So one of.them came with weaker batteries. Not a terrible light, but definitely not the best. Will need to get some nice batteries to test it out.
Too hard to win. Freezes.
You can see in the photos that the company sent me a mirror and not the 4-pack lens. I was looking forward to using the lens as stocking stuffers for my brothers and dad. The mirror appears to be of good quality. It's NOT what I ordered.
I returned this only because the one I bought (I liked the color and price) was too big. WAY too big. I didn't realize at the time that it came in specific colors/sizes. I did not replace it because the color I wanted did not come in a smaller size. I wished that all the colors were offered in all the sizes.
Actually looking for color by number, it would be more fun
Definitely not for pros, maybe for Weekend warriors or for around the house, but even then it's still a poorly made tool
Too large. If you are a true size 0, 1, or 2, the size 0 is more like a 3. All of these pants are larger than usual.
It doesn't really hold the bolt too well, so that's kind of disappointing. I guess you get what you paid for.
Very thin. Doesn't keep my head warm.
i guess its hard to play it on touch screen idk i needed a mouse i guess
I've had the US made bottle opener for a few years and then decided to purchase the BBQ set as well. It's frustrating to see "Made in China" on the spatula blade. Does it still flip burgers? Sure. But I could have paid $3 for a made in China burger flippin' spatula.
If you liked this movie, it was either on behalf of your kids or you never read the book.
For one, the image used for these headphones is over-edited to make them look a lot more polished and shiny. When taking them out of its case, they were very dull in color, and felt kind of cheap. I just got them so couldn't really make a judgement call so soon. Positives: they did fit snug over my head, which is a good thing, as they didnt fall off when stretching or exercising. The sound was very crisp, and resonated well. It could get loud with an excellent bass pulse, which is something I like in headphones. Quality sound for wireless. Negatives: Didnt block out too much noise though as I could still hear people but that's not my main issue here. After only owning them for several months, the left ear piece snapped as I was attempting to adjust the length. I pulled down on it, and proof, broken, revealing the somewhat cheap plastic pieces that comprised the neck to the earpiece. Kind of disappointed in how pricey it is, versus how cheap the parts are. I like the headphones, they are decent for music, but at $70, it is $30-$40 more then it should be priced at.
Quality is horrible. There's a black box that's in the middle of the screen hindering the ability to view each episode
The stun gun part is great but the flashlight didn't work after a few weeks and you can't replace the light part. I need the flashlight also so I was disappointed.
We have had issues with this bike after a week of use.
Low quality Cressi, gets foggy almost instantly. Got it for my son for a cruise to the Caribbean and we ended up sharing my much cheaper older set. NOT RECOMMENDED
Worked and easy, but I didn't realize that the paint would pull off my car wherever this was applied. Then the tool broke and Of course it broke after the return by date was passed. Thanks guys
Didn't care for this hat at all. The shape was off and was too big for my head. Returning .
It is ok for being free, however I wish the clock could be placed in one corner , or one click on the remote to learn about the time, I use alexa on my fire tv it works one step and my voice.
A little hard for my 5 year old
Miter is off by 2 degrees . Substandard.
Sets up very quickly - However, mine ripped immediately upon opening/setup. Applied a patch, hole is covered by rain fly, so hopefully won't affect water seal. We'll see.
Dimensions not true to form. One was better quality than the other. Ok for normal flashlight stuff. Not good enough for gun mounting.
I have to say the metal was cheap took a shortcut on that one and to install It took a little longer than I thought
Disappointed in the music. She sang a lot better years ago.
Material is extremely thin and cheap feeling
Not dish washer safe.
I've been struggling with bad razor burn my whole like and after so many positive reviews left on this product and having my own best friend and boyfriend recommend it to me I was excited to try this product.. it's pricey but I figured I would give it a shot. unfortunately it doesn't work for me :(
I bought this for my grandmother and even for her it seems very outdated and cheap. Would not recommend, especially for the price. I was expecting more, I guess.
I liked the idea behind this product, but quality is poor. I used it to snorkel in the Cayman Islands last year for 5 days about 2-3 times per day. Today, I went to use it in Florida and the clasp broke that locks the breathing tube in place. Glad I found out about this today before our trip to Hawaii in 2 weeks. I was always careful with it because I read that was a weak point. I guess being careful doesn't keep poorly made products from breakage after less than a weeks use.
I bought this knife in January and after a few months it is starting to rust on the handle. Blade quality seems to be good. I was impressed with the high polish of the knife but not happy with its discoloring so early in its life.
Can't do shit with out logging onto Facebook
Worked great but the top strap has already ripped off the top in less then 2 months.
Stated like new but was scuffed on the tools and not properly inspected
I like the game but will not connect to Facebook so i can get friends to play
The chair work was mostly stretching. We were unable to do all of the out of chair work because of arthritis.
Good looking chair seems sturdy light wait. But wait I ordered it for my wife. Turns out it's the perfect size for my 10 year old granddaughter. Remember Goldie lox and the 3 bears? Baby chair
I have had to replace my fire remote four separate times. This product would have been four stars if ALL of its components worked well. Two of my remotes broke in under a month.
Hard not to compare these cookies to similar ones the Girl Scouts sell ! No comparison though ! These cookies were not good : they were dry and relatively tasteless. A Big Disappointment because Keebler usually has tasty cookies. Do not recommend these !
Wouldn't work on fire tablet
I got my shower/dressing room and there was no door to access into it.
Box was opened in multi package that it came in. Looked like someone opened it prior to packaging not items I ordered that were shipped I. The same package.
The product image shows a bottle holder on the side. I tried a standard water bottle. Reusable bottle and even one of my kids sippy cups and you can not get a bottle to fit. At best a can of sunscreen would fit in the side pockets
There's a lot of songs to make you feel good, but most lyrics are unintelligible, and easy to write. Just singing the same thing twice; "Fuck a silver lining Fuck a silver lining 'Cause only gold is hot enough, hot enough Fuck a silver lining Fuck a silver lining 'Cause only gold is hot enough, hot enough One more, one more" I love their other albums, but it seemed like they were just trying to recreate their old sound instead of creating a new one. My rating is this album is ass, this album is ass
Too large in spite is my size
Very nice bell, but the internal spring rusted after visiting a beach town for just a week. The bike wasn't even close to the beach, but just being in the vicinity of salt water for such a short time render the bell useless.
Trying to operate the unit is complicated and the instruction that comes with the unit is so brief that it is hard to understand. I tried to chat on line with a representative and he/she is rude and unhelpful. I need to have an user's manual that is easy to understand and teach me how to operate this system. Where can I get it? The user manual that I am looking for must be in English, the one that comes with the unit is mostly in Chinese.
Okay, other album is much better
Needed to get membership. App not worth the trouble
I bought this Item and the camera didn't work. I returned it to amazon. I was sent another one. It appears that I was sent someone else's return, because the power cord was in pieces. Amazon needs to be wary of third party suppliers they deal with.
I surf in cold water in Ireland, gloves about 1 mil thick, not warm enough. Even during the summer- the gloves are tiny & do not trap much water like a fin, they don't work! Poor quality too so will rip,
I bought this copy of Valerian as I have seen the movie and liked it. Bought it as it said it had a digital copy but does not as it is the Canadian version and unless you live in Canada you can't redeem the digital version. If you are looking for both the movie and digital redeem forget this one as unless you live in Canada you are just buying the disc.
There paint pens were listed as medium point but are actually fine point. They are also very skinny like the size of a pencil so they probably do not hold much paint. I was expecting a larger paint pen with medium point.
Black carry box is broken and 2 tips are bent missing the MULTI tool also strike is bent
I was disappointed, because i real know the mark of the enamel. I don't know if there was a storage failure. But when I used it, it was filled with balls in nail. Did not like! :(
Purchased for a house we are selling. This was either returned or sold with defects. There is paint missing under the hood, no instructions or screws were in the box. You can tell some of the wires were previously connected. Very disappointed, but we made do.
LUV This MOVIE .......but, the 4K Looked Worse then, My Old Dvd Copy :o(( My Copy FROZE 2-3 Times and was So Much Fuss / Gain that, it Remind Me of a VHS Tape :o((
Comfortable but too easy to shift around and lose legs, especially on uneven ground. The published weight limit must be wrong.
The case did it's job for the better part of a year before one of the latches just recently snapped off. I'll be buying one from a different company as a replacement.
I gave this 2 stars instead of one is because the fire starter and the whistle works which is good, but I am upset that the compass does not work. I ordered the two pack of the adjustable bracelet, and comparing the compass to not only each other, but also my phone I got 3 different directions of which way was north. One of the main reasons I bought this was for the compass and fire starter and I am disappointed at the product. The price is cheap so I guess you get what you paid for but the compass is a real deal breaker. I would suggest that the company replaces the compass with a small waterproof watch and I am sure the ratings would go up.
I used it to put my microwave on to save cabinet space. I wanted my money having someone come put it together for me. I could of done it myself!! Very easy and thin. Practically snaps together like Lincoln Logs!!
These do not really fit the contours of the ear piece like the originals or replacements I have purchased previously. These also ripped upon install even though I took my time and used soap for lube as I have on previous ear piece socks.
Not exactly as described. Very thin material
You get what you pay for, i guess. Four of my markers were bleeding all of their color so they leaked on the others.
Ugh. I wanted to like this am for what it was....I personally own a high end projector and wanted something that could project outdoors without breaking the bank. I do live in Phoenix where the sun breaks down basically every ounce of shade until it's fully set...however that said, this thing didn't even meet expectations at sundown. Literally no light. It says 3800 lumens but there is no way. My theater projector is 1800 lumens and May have projected better than this. I am not trying to throw shade (no pun) but I was truly hoping for better and what more, half of the kids at my sons birthday left because we had to wait 3 hours for the sun to fully set before we could show the movie. I feel like most of these reviews are click farmed. Try before you buy...this is not a good projector.
It randomly switched channels every few days. It died after 3 months. What more do you need to know?
Broke in half the first time I tried to repair a tie rod end
Seams coming undone.
They look exactly like they do in the pic, felt a bit odd once wearing them and a lot of wind gets thru, gets annoying after a while, defeats he purpose of wearing goggles. Clip in between came undone on 1st ride. Wont buy again, wont reccomend
Had to go on YouTube to see how to inflate. The product description was vague, to say the least. Haven't been able to get it inflated fully yet....
So tiny, barely held tube and teensy toolkit
This was really cool and convinient when I first got it but quickly realized that it doesn't really get clothes clean, it just moves the dirt around. I spent almost 5 hours on one load of laundry, changing the water every 15 minutes and despite using only 5 ml of detergent the clothes still came out soapy and smelling very much like dirty clothes. Waste of time.
This could be ok for a kid but for a adult the padding is uncomfortable and it is to narrow.
It was great at first, but then the bottom two drawers would jam when opening and closing. They stopped sitting on the slides properly and now I need to lift the drawers from the back to get them to open and close properly
Thing worked great out of the box. used it for 5 hours. Tried to fold it up on the beach in the wind... yeah...good luck with that...ended up in the trash.
Case was broken on the inside. The disc was loose on the inside. Scratches all over it.
This will not for the 21 piece double ended but kit. Too tight. I wanted the case for my signal. I own a charge and it's case doesn't have this issue
I'm somewhat upset! I ordered Crest/Scope 6.4 oz, what I got in is the 4.0 oz size. Not a good deal at all!!
These plugs do not fit in standard electrical rough-in boxes. We had to replace the electrical boxes in order to install. Maybe better for new construction. Not ideal for remodeling unless you are installing new electrical boxes.
These were a disappointment. Smaller than I thought. Kinda of cheap looking. My friend got me a pair exactly like this at a Star Trek convention, but mine are awesome and well made and this is cheap and light weight. Its difficult for me to criticize anything Star Trek, but I would keep looking for this only better quality. I ordered these because I thought I had lost one of my good ones at the gym, but I found it hooked on my keys! Whew....
Pigments aren't very bright once on. It's weird because I have this in another color pallet and the pigments are very bright.
I needed a tight space elbow with a parallel exit. This did the job, but is very cheaply made. Does require some shaping and make sure you buy an extra roll of hvac tape
I ordered 2 of these. While putting one together for a donation to kids in need tomorrow, there were missing bolts. No time to return because it has to be turned in tomorrow.
My first one of these had a bad pixel, so I returned it and got another. The new one came in April. It is now August, and my projector will stay on for a whopping 30 minutes before shutting down because of overheating. They have a guide that tells you to not use the brightest setting (begs the questions why there's a setting you can't use), but using a lower setting makes virtually no difference. It is crazy to pay so much for a product that works so poorly. I put the picture quality as 'poor'; it is great when it works, but if it's black most of the time, not what anyone is looking for.
Good durability but poor fit. Thumb too long.
Too pasty like using white halloween makeup. My old spf moisturizer was discontinued and I have been on the hunt for a new one. I was trying to get a moisturizer with a good sunblock rating but this was worse then just using sunblock.
Break easy! I love these knee pads they fit great and stay on but the buttons that hold the straps, tear off! Third pair I've bought within the last 6 months I'm done with them!
the pkg looked like it should I pulled the rotary tool out when I tried to attach the flex shaft that's when I relized the flex shaft was pulled out of the pencil end. I repaired the end due to needing the tool right away. hopefully the flex shaft keeps working.
Smaller containers than I expected
They only are hot for a little bit
Item is great but Amazon cancelled my original order saying that the product was unavailable but was still able to order at an increased price. Found a seller that had a close price to what I originally purchased.
Hard to understand how to get the read to text to work I'm very disappointed that when you are playing games it interrupts to advertise something I miss the old kindle
worked 9 months. then nothing. AND, used 10 times. not impressed
Great battery works as well Bosch orginal st first but after a few uses it becomes loss and slips out. It's useless.
I really like this album and was looking forward to hearing it on vinyl. I got the clear vinyl during the recent Amazon versus Walmart vinyl price wars. The clear vinyl looks gorgeous. Unfortunately, the sound is terrible. The only thing that sounds clear is the vocals. The instruments and everything else is a muddled, distorted mess. Totally disappointing. Two stars because of the visual appeal and because the album doesn't suck....... unfortunately, this pressing does.
This lasted maybe a year of very sporadic use. I was using it to remove paint from old cabinets. I am nowhere near finished and it just stopped working. I used it for a few minutes at a time.
I bought this because of the Red lens. The light is fairly bright but the sleeve that holds the red lens on keeps falling off. the head band isn't all that comfortable. The light gets pretty hot after an extended period of time, hot enough where it's too hot to handle it.
Peeling off less than a month after install. Low quality.
Pretty much goes offline every other day. It's giving me a headache already.
They don't come with instructions so I had to take it to a cigar shop to be shown how to use......and they don't get the job done. I'm drying Boveda packs.
According to my 10-year-old daughter, too many in-app purchases so you couldn't really play the game.
The spinner is attached to the finger grip with a tiny screw that easily strips when adding needed tension. No way to fix it.
Too big on your face. And I have a big head
It is not very resistant, I used it for 2 weeks and it broke
Cameras are junk and customer service is worse. Do not waste your money on these cameras. You'll spend most of your time taking batteries in and out and formatting and reformatting SD Cards. They charge per camera for picture transfer and very expensive for multiple cameras. If you can get them to work. Don't expect any help from customer service either!
It leaks from the cap when I squeeze it.
I don't care for these. Purpose is fine. The clip on part is large & can interfere with sight. Hard to remove quickly. I would not buy again.
Water gets warm too quick even if you use ice & the hugh size makes it almost impossible to refrigerate easily. I will be buying a different brand soon. The only thing I liked about this was the color & the strap.
The instructions in Chinese and theres only 1 button so having an english instructions would've been useful
Worked fine for a while, then just will not connect anymore. My wifi doesn't recognize it now. I bought it to use as a sunrise alarm and it worked okay when it was connected. Even the very dimmest setting was rather bright when it started the sunrise pattern in the morning.
I bought this cover to shield my bag when biking in the rain (10 minute bike ride), but I don't use it at all anymore. It managed to stay on for my first two bike rides, and on my third, it slipped off as I was walking out of my building (before even getting to my bike). It's very easy for this cover to slide off from the top of your standard backpack when you're wearing it. If your backpack's shoulder straps attach directly to the top of your backpack (like many backpacks), this cover won't stay on, it'll simply slide off. Also the elasticity wears off after a few uses and it barely manages to stay on after that. If you really want to buy this, you should also buy some sort of strap in order to hold together the vertical length of your backpack to prevent the top and bottom from slipping.
Application wasn't smooth like the other OPI nail polishes. Was thick and streaky when applied.
Liked the idea of it but it's very bulky and the magnets SUCK
Lacks power to drill in cement. Handle is made of plastic and broke after limited use. Finished my project with a better quality drill, that is how I was able to compare its true functionality. I would spend a few extra dollars for a better drill. May work for minor jobs, not heavy drilling.
Gas lens looks quality made although the collet that came with mine appears to be a blank or something. Kind of disappointing when you are spending 30 dollars to get one with out a collect but I have extra.
I bought this in September 2017. I gave it 2 stars because it worked great until I had a baby. Pre baby us two adults were clean enough we never had to wash it. Now with a 6 month old during the summer we use it a lot and have had muddy dog paws and baby drool. After the first wash the threads started coming apart. I don't like putting my baby on it because she ends up with blue particles all over her face that end up in her eyes and mouth. This should be able to withstand washing and use by two adults, a yorkie, and an infant. I regret purchasing this and wish I had spent $10 more and gotten the larger better quality JJ cole blanket to begin with. Just put it in the trash! I gave it two stars because it might work if you are a single tidy person who will never spill your juice and have to wash it.
On every other sheet the printing's all wrong! The cuts are shifted so the images get cut off, and sometimes a sticker or two isn't even completely cut out.
I used these for the simplest of electronics task. After two minutes of them connected, the wire started to get too hot and melt the outer plastic. The black and red actually bonded together.
There should be at least four free games
I like the CD but it got hung up after playing CD about 5 x
Terrible/unrealistic special effects get out of that plane! Seemed 90% of movie was filmed there, and at this point the promise of a part 5 is unfavorable.
The material was thinner than I expected and the shoulder straps were not very padded so they would not have been very comfortable after a while. This was intended for a day hike which would have required carrying water bottles in the backpack. This backpack would not have been able to handle the weight of the water bottles.
2 of the 4 cases are defective! Switch is broken and sunk in the box. Could not use 2 of them.
This product was recommended so I tried it, and used it til it ran out. I don't see evidence that it really did much for me. That's not to say that someone else wouldn't love it, it just didn't do me any good so I won't purchase it again. It also has a rather unpleasant smell.
I've owned one of these for 4 years and it has worked very well. Yesterday I was changing bits on the drill attachment, and the chuck became stuck in the fully open position. I ordered a replacement of the same model, and it arrived with the chuck already stuck in the open position. You'll see several other reviews mention this issue spanning several years. I'm sending the new drill back and getting a different dedicated drill. The main motor body still works fine, I'll use it for the other attachments I have (sander, jigsaw, impact driver) but the drill chuck is so questionable I'm not risking it again.
Veryyyy small words and the plate it's on is really tiny don't recommend you buy if u want long term. The bracelet it self is still gold but the plate has changed color . Ok value for the money
I was disappointed with the item not what I expected
Way too baggy. If you are looking for more of a fitted look these are not for you. Pretty thin as well.
they were dull ,,can't be used
The scale behind the gauge needle warps up, and jams the needle, which will not advance as the pressure increases. In my case, the gauge stuck at 20 pounds when a separate tire gauge said 55 pounds. If you don't notice that, easy enough to do in dim light, you might seriously over inflate a tire. The unit was stored inside, not exposed to damp. Too dangerous for me to use. Trashed it as I think it deserved. The chuck leaves quite a bit to be desired. Next time, I might try a digital gauge. The battery might run down, but no reading is better than a bad reading.
One didn't work on first try... The one that did work would maybe help if it's above freezing or if you are moving around with them. My husband wanted them for sitting/hunting in Wisconsin and he wasn't impressed. The heat packs he uses work just as good. We sent them back due to the defective sole.
They were filed in the junk drawer.
Were marketed as bifocal 2.5, but what I had delivered were definitely not bifocal. They look like fairly nice safety glasses (that is why I gave them 2 stars), but not what I ordered. Incidentally, there was a sticker on the back of the package that says bifocal 2.5, but the dewalt packaging does not say anything about bifocal. Evidently they were mislabeled.
Yes, it works. Yes, there are two settings. I prefer my Coleman that is truly adjustable. Wish I had bought another Coleman. Probably can't return this, so stuck with it.
I really wanted to like this but unfortunately it cracked and broke within a day. I know this is just a cheap Beyblade stadium but there are a lot better ones out there.
The Bangle bracelets were cut didn't appreciate that they were not whole bangles bracelets like in the picture they Displayed.
I personally wasn't that happy with these. My glasses did not fit well underneath them even though they are very bulbous and look a little funny because they stick out so much. They do not seem to work any better than cheaper goggles.
It's a good light overall but the cover of the charging port got off (it's really a small piece of rubber) which means it's no longer weatherproof and the changing port will rust really fast now. It's kinda sad to cheap out on this.
This helmet was way too large for my five year old even with the additional padding.
I ordered this some time ago and have been listening to the CD's chronologically over the last several months...until I got midway through and have found these album CD's to be defective and will not play through the entire album correctly. I have tried on another player with the same results. It is very disappointing obviously and I do not know what to do as it has been almost a year now since I originally purchased? These were suppose to be "new."
Bummed I can't use my money to buy things for my cabinet. I push on the shopping cart and nothing happens. Bummed.
Got one with a small dent in the bottom but cannot be bothered to return. Otherwise everything else works great with magnetic lid.
It burns. Short time heavy use, it burns really bad. I only hope LED is better. Oil to Hong Kong
I'm used to such shorts being designed for rugged outdoor wear, this is not. Fabric is flimsy. Price is okay, but I suggest paying $10 more and getting something that will last forever and not abrade sitting on rocks
It is what it says but taste like we'll to be nice a peace of foam lol
This box streams in standard definition. So 55 inch 4k tv plus Netflix plus this box equals lousy viewing experience. It is my fault for purchasing this expecting an all around 4k system. The advertising is misleading. So buyer beware. Streaming service like Netflix will not appear in high definition.
I placed the boundaries 3 feet from the door, and it still picks up cars in the street.
I can't seem to find the right job for these because they cannot handle much torque.
Bummer. Bruce Willis was hardly in it! When he was, it was awesome. Not so much the rest of the time. Wish I'd known that before I bought this instead of just renting it!
Love the movie, the discs seem to work fine despite a pice of the case flying around inside with them. Only complaint is the case was cracked to hell upon delivery because the handler decided to be lazy and smash it into a mailbox.
The script writer took way too many liberties. Not at all Biblical.
never really worked. unable to get it to work..
It was defected, only watched one.
Go to home depot or Lowe's. This is poor quality
So it worked for about 2 times shooting it, I only used the laser for a total of 8 minutes then it dimmed to where I could barley see it, then I tried some shooting at night with the flashlight and that stayed on for about 30-45 minutes before it completely shut off and wouldn't turn back on
I liked this product and it worked well for a few weeks. Recently, however, it has manifested a bug: When I play an individual song, either through the Music menu or the Browse menu, it will play about 3 seconds of the song and then automatically stop the song and switch to the record function. If I'm patient enough to try multiple times, I can often get the song to play all the way through, but it's hit or miss and quite frustrating. This is unfortunate because otherwise the sound quality is good and body of the device is well constructed.
Not correct size as advertised
Not very well made, worked the first time I used it, broke the second time. But it came in a 2 pack, so I used the backup, it also broke. The hanging brackets break off extremely easily rendering it completely useless.
Classic Lynch and a horrible transfer. Grainy in many scenes. My Dvd Edition looks better.
I tested these out in a sears and was very impressed, but didn't think they were worth the $60 they were asking. Found them on amazon for $30 and was super happy. Unfortunately, I used the 1/4 today for the very first time and discovered that it's partially stripped. This is a brand new ratchet, not a return or anything, and the teeth are broken. Garbage. Never even used the 3/8 because I returned it. Great service from amazon as always, so at least the return isn't a hassle.
Box was smashed flat.
Dont be fooled by what is claimed. Results are not what is being claimed
Seem like good fins; however, one of the plastic pins that holds the heel strap on broke the second time I used them. Going to try to repair it since my return window has closed, but it's disappointing.
Perhaps personal preference but I found the particular scent of the lavender cream absolutely gross. Did not thick texture as thick as should be for shea butter cream. I really have no brand loyalty, try lots of things and even if not a favorite, will finish the bottle but this one went back the next day.
Its nice and bright, I'm a hat guy so this works great for when I need to see what I'm doing in dark corners. That said, I've needed to pull the lens apart more than once and clean it, and 2 of the housing screws on the back that I never touched fell out, the plastic easily stripped when I tried to put them back in. Pros: Bright, 3 modes, easily taken apart and fixed, and last a long time in my situation. Cons: Easily taken apart and fixed, seems cheaply made and will get really hot if left on for extended periods. I owned 2 other Thorfire lights, I love them. This is the only one I've ever had trouble with.
Could not use it, would not download.
Too many ads. Sometimes you can't complete a round without having to watch advertisements. Other times it's like every other round. You can pay $1.99 to avoid the ads. Easy game.
Coming from Dean Koontz I expected more content and more of a story. It was VERY short and just bland. I think I could have written better.. and I am NO writer
It was a good dating sim\Rpg . Exactly what I expected, and I liked the characters . But the full game is behind a catwalk and this is only a demo. Was not warned.
Poor design. Doesn't work very well
not Enough of sound reduction, I usually like 3m products but this one probably reduces no more than 30% of noise. I put it on to test out the tv volume, still out. Definitely not suitable for firearm uses.
The 32 cards came, I open it up all the the cards are upside down. These card packs came with a load of cards. My rookie jersey was horrible the guy I got was in the G-League, and the worst thing is it said it comes with the worst rookies, I mean most of those aren't even in the NBA anymore. Horrible decision from me
Used this twice. First time in light rain kept my bicycle dry. The second time in sustained rain got the cover soaked through and my bicycle got wet. I should have just fashioned mine own cover out of large plastic bags. It's nonsensical how difficult it is to find a truly water-proof cover- just give us a bicycle-shaped plastic bag!
I also saw in another review that a customer complained that the lights were way too dim for LED lights. I still decided to purchase since i thought perhaps something may have been wrong with the one they had. But no, mine was dim as well and no brightness adjustment on the unit itself. Returned item today. Also, the adhesive backing is not very sticky. kept popping up from the surface.
My copy had a 60hz hum embedded in the vinyl. No other vinyl albums I have have this problem, but some of the tracks are almost drowned out by the noise.
I liked the storage of 4gb ram & 64gb rom but the interface is not that good & apps you download doesn't work on it at least not for me, firestick 4k ultra is much better & easier to use, & less problems as a matter of fact I haven't had any problems with the firestick none, plus I don't have the patience to deal with it, maybe if I had taken my time with it it would have been fine
The right thumb does not get warm and it's way too bulky to be able to do much
When I read that a machine products 3 different sizes of ice cubes, that's what I expect. The 3 different sizes of ice cubes are actually 3 different stages of frozen. The highest (largest cube) is frozen but I feel they have to "sit" for some time in your freezer so they don't melt as soon as they are in the drink. The other 2 sizes of ice cubes are simply the same size mold, just not as frozen so they appear smaller. The smallest cube that is made can't be touched without it immediately melting. It was returned & there was no issue...money back, no question.
Arrive on time - but I did not like the DVD. :-(
I purchased this cooler for two main reasons. 1.) I wanted something that would go with me on my annual golf trip. This is important because I wanted to put ice into it and leave it on the bus. I filled it with cold beverages and put a 7-10 lbs bag of ice in it at 4 am. The ice was completely gone by the time I got back onto the bus. Not the worst but the ambient temperature outside was never more than 72 and the bus wasn't hot either. 2.) I wanted something that I could put a wine bottle in. This is a great size for that along with a couple beers.
Quit holding a charge at 60 days
Broke the first time i used it
I had heard great things about this, but it wasn't great for me. The pencil is really hard, so you have to push to get any color...makes it impossible to get finer, more precise lines. Once on, it looks messy and clumpy. I have been doing my brows for years and heard good things about this, but am ultimately not very into it. The color matches well, but that is about it!
Not very elastic to stay in place. Just feel and look very cheap. Would not buy again.
I followed all instructions. Filled It up with air. Let it stretch for 12 hours We have not even had this mattress for Baby month and it has 2 holes. The patch kit That comes with it stinks. I have ordered more patch stuff And waiting for it to come. Sleeping on the floor for now I have only slept on the Mattress. No rough play or bouncing.
I was looking for rain pants that fit over my cloths, and the description said "Rain Over Pants," which lead me to believe they were to be worn over clothing. The quality looked excellent, and I think they would have worked well as a pair of pants, but were extremely tight to get over the jeans I was wearing.
Good selection of bits. Not high quality though. They break apart easily
Should be more user friendly and if better quality with more picture options. Especially if you are giving a higher value gift amount.
Wanted to like this swivel chair. But, after sitting on it for a few minutes, the material stretches and my butt was sitting on the metal cross members, or support bars. Perhaps a smallish person would not bottom out. I'm 200 lbs and sank down to the metal rods and makes it extremely uncomfortable. I think it was rated for 250 lbs or more. That's why I bought it in the first place.
This is what happened after the first day of wearing these gloves. I know you get what you pay for, but it shouldn't tear apart on the second day!
I need to return my purchase. The first 2 albums Yes Album and Fragile both have deep pops in them, enough so that the needle bounces. The other 3 sound great so hopefully it's just a bad press on these 2.
Taste is subjective, we prefer Silk.
I've been using the brow wiz for years but ordered it for the first time through Amazon. I used it once and then it broke in half.
The actual item would have been fine IF the person packing the box had done so better. I sent a prime pantry box to my father who is on a fixed income and the detergent wasn't bagged or vacuum sealed so it leaked and destroyed almost all the food in the box as well. Luckily Amazon has amazing customer service and made right.
When you show the picture it shows you can make other food but I tried it and of course nothing happend.just please tell us how to do it
Cheap junk. Plastic opening tools broke instantly, screwdriver heads stripped first use
I hade to send it back, the odor that was coming out of this bag was bad, I couldn't tolerate.
They were stale so I could only eat them in soup. I guess the little stay fresh pouches need some work, or maybe the box had been sitting around too long, I didn't check the date.
We have tried this tablets twice and both times after about 6 mouths the battery life goes and it will only last for a few hours. We had bought them due to the price and now we know why they are cheap I would say put your money towards a better tablet.
I did luckily, receive my items but the cardboard envelope of sorts it was shipped in, where the flaps fold in at the ends, was totally exposed to anyone who would want to see inside and steal it, or for the item to just fall right out. Neither side was taped at all leaving both ends loosely folded in. Amazon, you will receive a lot of people without their items and have to replace a lot if this keeps happening. It was shipped from an Amazon Fulfillment Service in N Las Vegas. Also, why do the delivery people never ring the doorbell when they deliver a package? It sits out there ready for thieves when I'm right inside and could take it in if I knew someone delivered.
I'm a big fan of Jenifer Garner and the digital downloads that are usually included with most Blu-rays, so I was very disappointed when I tried to download my copy of "Peppermint" and was unable to do just that. It turns out that itunes.com/redeem can only be used if you have an itunes account and Apple devices.
hate it it does not work most of the time
I was frankly disappointed by this. A friend told me about it and made it sound wonderful. But It turned out to take almost as long to catalog my large collection of books - that is , the 5 I started with - took almost as long as simply typing the titles onto a word doc.
Bought for a gift, but could only give the gift recently. Pieces do not fit together well, so it's unable to be used unfortunately. Waste of money because I'm out of the return window.
I bought this because I had an older coleman set that has held up pretty well. Unfortunately the design has changed. The aluminum is weaker and dents much easier. The pan is shallower and the plate is deeper, if anything they should have made the pan deeper. The edges of the aluminum are sharper which makes the handle grab when trying to put everything together. The pot with cup has to be put upside down or is doesn't close. I am not sure why Coleman changed the design but I would recommend getting one of the old ones on ebay over getting one of these.
Runs very tight and small. One wash and dry made them into baby socks.
I don't understand why this board has so many positive reviews. I could give it two stars and only because the cheap price. First, the bearings aren't smooth at all, feels like the bearing are rusty or somewhat. I can't tell any usage of them. The wheels can hardly spin and this is pretty dangerous when you go downhill and the wheels drag you back. The paint on the board is cheap made sticker. The most serious thing is the front truck is poorly aligned. Well, you get what you pay for. But the reviews need to be justified any way.
As far as I could tell, this didn't do anything at all. My nose pores looked exactly the same after use. Cute container though, my kids played with it.
The 2 way audio needs work. The people at the door could not hear me at all.
Ice cubes get stuck and blocks making more, there is a defect of ice cubes not pushing all the way off the tray. You have to push them off multiple times a day manually so it will make more.
I had to wash these 3 times before they stopped leaving huge clumps of black lint. There was so much after the first washing that the pockets were filled with large balls of lint. Wouldn't buy these again.
Arguably the most important part of the cover is the latching tabs which are really really thin plastic that snap without any abuse.
After calling in for warranty they said that they don't cover wear and tear on their hand tools. If that is the case why would we spend twice as much or more this? I am going back to the over the counter ones that do the same thing.
Personally, I think the sound quality is bad. You can't hear a lot of the words. I listened to this when I was much younger and know what it sounded like. Shame, I love his music and the message of his lyrics.
I never bought this. I am not sure why its on my list, but I don't have any recall of this. Weird, can't really explain this one.
Urge caution with this seller. CD not as represented. Obviously seller only visually inspected disc...last cut does not play.
Bright but USB cover doesn't close correctly to protect device. Water can easily get into internals. I bought two rear lights and both of them seem like the rubber flap is defective.
Fragrance is interesting. Never soaks in. Will not purchase again.
Really liked this for two months! Slim, didn't shift while running. I run 2-3x a week, short distances. After only two months the zipper pull broke off. Going to have to replace with something different
Chalk did not wash off the chalkboard as described. The chalkboard will need to be painted over or replaced.
Very pretty picture, but was disappointing to find a 3 inch rip on the bottom of it.
So, I got the Blu Ray edition of this movie. Nothing in the description said that it is the Germany release of it, unless that is what region free means. I rate 2 stars because I do have my movie, it plays, the menus are in German, but I at least can understand it so I will still watch it.
Too weak could not chip concrete under the tiles. returned it.
Developed a slow leak after 2 uses and I can't find where the leak is coming from. It's not like I was rough with it, since it was just used as a guest overnight bed in the living room. When it is inflated it's comfortable, and I do like how easy it is to inflate and deflate. I won't be buying this brand again though.
This is the second time that I have tried this product. It is easy to apply but does not seem to work for me.
Bottle arrived open. Everything spilled!
Very small and it doesn't fit a laptop and barely fits a iPad
Arrived busted in the envelope.
I have a 25 year old same model and when I hold it in my hand it am certain that anything i need to bash good, will not get up when I am done. This new model reminds me of the "Little Girly Man" parody from SNL. it is light, it feels weak, it has no solid feeling too it. This is not also a security weapon. It is however a totally superior flashlight beam, that unfortunately comes with a weird programmable switch. It is also a strange too warm color of light that looks horrible indoors. But it does work exceptionally well outdoors. I've owned at least three lights that I would rather have in my hand at any other time. Keep looking...
They really don't work
Bit small. Plastic Housing. 1 basic functions
I don't care for it.
This suit looks conservative enough, but there was not much coverage in the crotch. I loved the color, but not what it didn't cover up.. Had to return it and am still looking.
For the first time we used Amazon to print our pictures. We ordered a lot of prints in various sizes. I was excited about the relatively low price but then we got the order and we are very un happy! The quality is low, the pictures are dark. Going back to Shutterfly high price but better quality!
Like many walking / trekking poles this item is segmented. However, unlike other poles that connect using metal screw-in sections with external locking clamps, this product uses soft plastic ( ! ) tips that then attach to the female section by a twisting motion with no external locking / support clamps. Trouble ahead. Might be OK for around the house, but outdoors ? No bueno amigo.
Game was excellent....just a little too overboard on blood and gore. OK for some....just not for me.
Unfinished wood and small
Fabric thin. Zipper came broken.
I must have received a bad batch, but the heat seal between the bag and the lid was blown right out of the package. Amazon stood by me and took the product back without any hassle.
Everything seems fine with this mask, until you actually start to breath. You can feel the air escaping on your eye lashes. What's worse is if you use glasses (safety, prescription, sunglasses), they will fog up immediately. I tried adjusting them every way possible. I used them with and without the foam nose bridge seal. I made sure the exhaust valve is working properly. I tried various shapes for the bendable metal nose piece. I made the straps even, bottom tighter, top tighter. ... All to no avail. It must just be the shape of my face. It's too bad. I do a lot of shop work and was looking for something less bulky than my usual mask. But since I use safety glasses, this mask is a non-starter.
I bought this fitness tracker specifically for the real-time heart rate monitoring. The monitor was constantly off by 20 or more BPM and there was no clear way to keep the monitor running for longer than a minute without having to press a button of buttons to get back to it.
Grips pretty short only good for small children with 16 inch bike or smaller.
I used it 2 times only. After the second time it started to self inflate every time I hang it to my backpack to recharge. I guess there is a leak somewhere. I am the only one who uses it so this cannot be because it was mishandled. Now I have to put rubber bands around it so it does not self inflate
didn't use it enough for the cost
It would turn on during daylight so the battery would die sooner once motion was detected. After a few charges I am already experiencing issues with 2 of the 3 lights where the light would just stay on and flicker thru the night for no particular reason and kills the battery. I wish there was a product that would only turn on when its dark from a detected motion.
I was disappointed that I could not get National News without getting the All Access subscription.
This product sports a great brand name, but it's uncomfortable, easy to find yourself on your fanny on the floor if you move wrong and is narrow.
Pump that came with board was non-functional. The plunger was glued to the bottom of pump and had to be pryed apart with muscle and WD-40. And when I was able to get it unstuck the pump hardly pushed any air and PSI reading not functioning. Had to use another pump from an inflatable kayak I purchased which worked better. The storage bag zipper ripped on day one, you would think a sturdier bag would come with something so bulky. The paddle board itself was light, moved well in the water. Used in kayak mode and performed well. Wish the seat bottom of the kayak seat attached to the board somewhere. Overall an ok buy, need a new bag and better pump.
chuck sticks. hard to change out bits. kinda small in size.
This was my first paddle board and I loved it! The day I received it I took it to the lake and had no trouble being able to ride on it. It was easy to inflate, very stable and pretty easy to maneuver. On day two the handle pulled loose, which obviously had no effect on the floating aspect of the board, but it made it almost impossible for me to carry the board. After the handle came off I had to have my husband's help to carry the board, which meant that I could only use it when he was willing and able to go with me to help carry. When I contacted the seller telling them the problem and asking that they either repair or replace the board, they came back and offered me a $50 refund. The refund did not fix the problem, so I returned the board.
I did not like the taste of this coffee.
Could not cast from a 3rd party app. Useless.
First, I know how to play this type of game, I'm good at them. These puzzles have simple pictures that are so unimpressive they have to label them so you can identify the picture. Second, tokens are required to unlock every puzzle, then you're rewarded for solving it in tokens or coins. You can't use coins for anything I found, and to earn tokens when you run out you have to watch an ad. The ads take longer than it takes to solve most puzzles. You're not REQUIRED to purchase tokens, but they make it unpleasant to play if you don't.
I wanted a warm set of gloves that was easy to work in, all i got was warm gloves. Too thick and restricting for work.
The movies are what they say the problem I am having is that the second DVD skips strait out of the package
Had for a week and already came apart. Very disappointed!
The clip broke after 5 weeks, making it highly inconvenient to use.
It works great! ...for about five minutes and then it needs to recharge for an hour. I would have much rather bought one that plugs into the wall. Would have rated this higher if the battery life was better or if it came with an extra battery pack.
Works they are not very durable
It doesn't look very even when I applied it with a glove. It does last awhile, about 4 days. When it started fading it was in patches so had you use a loofa to get it off
Too large for my needs
Runs small, I know the arms are not heated but my arms are colder then an unheated jacket, it's going back.
I have used this product before and found it a good value for the use I have, but the 150 grit arrived today and was damaged. Box was not beat up, wheel was in the bag and this chip was missing and not even in the bag. Sorta like getting a jigsaw puzzle at a thrift shop and a piece or two are still on someones living room floor. I will dress the wheel carefully and see how it comes out. Probably the last one of these I will order..
Just like Melissa Marino my latch broke off two days after my return time ended.
Very difficult to use, fall off and the things roll far away or slam into things.
I love the idea but during and after each episode, it makes you sign in again using your mobile phone or computer. That gets annoying . Fix that and I'll give 5 stars
This is a cheap item. Mirror made from plastic. One mirror was unstick from body surface. Installing is not good because fastener doesn't fix this item to helmet and mirror can move. This is badly during ride a bike.
I wish there were more options. This is just plain old solitaire. No bells or whistles.
On 2nd trip the handle broke and the shoulder strap was hanging by a thread - really poor quality on straps. It's a shame because the bag it self was great - boots fit nicely and I was able to comfortably get all my gear in the center compartment.
I'm giving this 2 stars only because it smells beautiful but the bottle is only 1.4 ounce very small after 2nd use it will be completely empty
Do NOT pay extra for colors. Had I known paying extra was getting a dusty, STINKY, cream colored (not white) thin rattle-can paint job, I would have ordered it plain wood. Now, I'll have to sand it and repaint in quality white paint. As is, there is dust and hair in it, and looks horrible next to white frosting. Otherwise, the wood cutout is nice and was packaged to arrive unbroken.
The color online looks different than in person. Kind of disappointed.
Although the data showed Region Free , the Avatar 3d was supplied as PAL and therefore not usable on my 3d Player A pain to return
Recently purchased two of these pool floats and one wouldn't hold air right out of the box. Design of the inflation valves also made it difficult to top off without losing air. Considering I spent considerable more money to get premium quality float, I was disappointed.
I received this product today and it fits perfect EXCEPT the inside is degrading and falling apart. It reminds me of an old piece of elastic that has degraded over time. I understand this is just cosmetics but not what I expected from a new product!
It looked bigger than it was. Cheaper to buy at the grocery store.
Not certain it did much.
I thought it was lifeless short .No back ground in story..
I was initially excited when I opened this because I like the design of the bottle better than others I've seen for the price. The bike mount was super cheap plastic and was not durable at all, I ended up getting a metal one instead. The bottle is NOT insulated, it is a plastic bottle with an insert of the design you see from the outside, I went on a 30 minute bike ride and 15 minutes in all of the ice was melted (I filled it completely full of ice before putting my water in). Returning and am going with a better known brand.
Did not hold up with rain and winds I'd not hold up in first rain and wind storm
Not like the iOS version
Fun but graphics are not great..
The straw doesn't stay attached.
Not recommend. A piece of Junk! Get these, you will be disappointed.
Great movies but received a cracked movie case!
It is very nice but isn't doing much for my nails. Given the high price and good reviews, I expected more. Have been using it for a month; no change in ridges or health of my nails.
These are well made and sturdy, but even after leaving them open and inside out a week in the sun they still have a strong plastic odor you can smell from across the room.
Amazon's own Brand - Quality is fine but they run small on size so they were returned
It seems to fit my Bissell floor cleaner but I've not yet tested the product by using my Bissell floor cleaner. So I'll have to wait for more exhaustive tests to see whether the product is fit for purpose
Not worth the spend. Sure its cheaper than an iPad but spend the extra amount. Save yourself with the headaches of this device. Very slow to download. nothing out of the box with this one. Shame...
The face on this dial indicator is VERY Difficult to rotate. I believe at least one other review states the same. Because it's so difficult to rotate it's easy to knock the dial indicator out of alignment when you try to zero it out. There is a set screw for the dial face - by design it's not needed since the chances of the face rotating on it's on or if bumped just doesn't seem possible. My recommendation is to spend more money and buy a nicer or higher quality dial indicator. Don't be tempted by the price. After fighting this tool, I returned it.
Wire cutters are clearly used and dirty.
Didn't work. Unless my batteries are all dead..other than that. I seems to received all 3 colors of the laser. Red. Green. Blue
I love the size and the screen is nice and large, but the sound is horrible! I would definitely NOT recommend this unit for listening to books or music. Crackles and sounds like listening to a radio from the 40's or 50's. Actually I the radio would sound better than this tablet!
I own several wrap dresses and I love them but this one didn't wrap enough further down so I know I would be fussing with it all day to keep my legs covered. Fit was good otherwise and it was cute.
I didn't like the freezer ! The one I got was not the same one as pictured. The freezer as a 1/4 of the size shown
Too easy- just not for me..
i purchased this 6 months ago, and was pleased with it. Tonight it broke the part that swivels cracked.
Alright, could be better
Used it for a few hours (down to about 1 bar on the battery), then left it on the battery for a week with nothing hooked up to it(No lights on top). Battery pack now refuses to charge. You want to take it off promptly, because the device will discharge the pack to the point of damage. That's an $80 mistake I hope this review helps you avoid.
This product seemed like good quality but it does not stay stuck to the soles at all. You walk a few steps and then you find the black shoe grip somewhere on the floor.
Probably a good wallet but I though it was water proof but that was not the case what so ever. This wallet is 100% not waterproof.
This is more a poor rating of UPS who's tracking info informs me my two day delivery can be expected in 11 days. Guess they wanted to test it for a bit.
Mildly amusing boring quickly no point
Loses all stability as soon as some water has been used. When empty, deep creases develop that appear to weaken the fairly thin, very pliable plastic. I had ordered several, the first one I tested leaked from the spout when closed. All were returned, and I used one gallon water bottles instead. Those also had a better hand grip.
I don't know if there is a defect but everything is distorted and blurry. Yes, I did take the plastic film off of the mask.
I waited so long to review this. Used the product for 30 days and it didn't work for me. It made no difference to my acne. One product that helped in this kit is the oil controller during the day, my face was less oily at the end of the day when used this. I am suffering with cystic acne, so i was not sure if it works for other types of acne.
The soldering iron labeled as 220 V and does not work properly for 110 V. Other than that, everything else is working.
This remote lasted less than a week in our house before we had to duct-tape the battery cover back on. Less than three weeks before the plastic piece covering the IR broke off. I just came to Amazon to look for a new one; I think we've had this one less than a month. Also, note that this remote is IR only, so you actually have to point it at the Roku unit for it to work.
The actual flashlight is great...but only as a flashlight. The mounting mechanism was clearly an afterthought and is super ineffective at holding the flashlight on a moving bike. I will be returning mine in favor of one that was made in the USA, as I should have done to begin with.
Really didnt enjoy it..
These are nice quality but way too small. My guess is that the biggest women's foot they will fit is a size 6 shoe size.
Hard to dispense. When twisting the container the cream does not come out right away, but will come out when I am not using it. It has a nice cooling feeling when it is applied, but have not seen any difference in my puffy eyes.
I've purchased this item multiple times from a different retailer and it worked AMAZINGLY. For some reason when purchased from Amazon I got irritation around my eyes, which I've never gotten before from this product. It somewhat helped my eyelashes grow but wasn't as strong as before. I think this may be a faulty product. Super disappointed and will not be purchasing this from Amazon again.
This does not detangle as well as other brands. Smells great but definitely not as good as it's a 10 or pureology 21.
For the price I paid I expect it to work better than it is...it doesn't work really well and I have tried it few times already.
the download was free, but to use it fully, you must pay.
I'm not happy with the fact that there was no way to know they were scented, and it wasn't marked as such on the box. I had to get rid of them because the heavy perfume was nauseating everyone in the family!
Spend a couple extra dollars and get Gear Wrench or Craftsman. This Stanley is junk. The engagement of the teeth is rough and choppy. The directional lever slips too easily.
Definitely NOT waterproof! We didn't even have rain, but the dew of the night was enough to seem in and drip all over me inside the tent, sleeping bag was wet! Zippers came undone the first night of camping- cheaply made. The concept is great love the easy set up and take down but wouldn't use for more than 2 nights in any kind of weather! Disappointed in the quality.
I reordered this product and received a different style than previously. The first product were solid circular rubber discs that lasted a good while before stretching out. The reorder were rubber O-rings that broke within two weeks. A good idea and worked well but I would not want to replace them with such frequency.
After using this for a week I found that the connection through the digital box does not receive as many channels as a direct connection through the antenna. Using the antenna cable to my TV I get 46 channels. Running it through the viewtv 300 I get 14 channels. I would not recommend this.
Not sure the point of this product, as the holder tool barely holds the blades, and if you press hard at all the blades will slide out of the holder, even when tightened down to the max. This product should enable you to scrape stuff with some amount of force, otherwise you might as well just use your fingernail. The tightening knob is also plastic and seems fragile.
This is a nice jigsaw, and performs as expected for the price. One of the main reasons why I bought this model was for the laser line and work space light so I can see the cutting area clearly. Well, after only using it TWO times, the light and/or laser no longer turns on. I contacted Amazon Customer Service as specified in the Warranty section and will report back with the results....
what I like the least is the fact that it does not play in my player and it cannot be returned
Fabric claims that this product is suitable for all types of riding, and "secure over even the most demanding terrain". Unfortunately, I lost the bottle on my very first ride after installation. I got the connection as tight as I could by adjusting the grommets, but the bottle disappeared on the very first descent. Then I got thirsty. The trail was a chunky black diamond, but it wasn't the roughest trail I rode that day so I was destined to lose it from the start. If you don't ride aggressive trails, this setup will likely be fine for you. I think this is a great design that I'm sure works for most cycling applications, but I won't take the risk of trying another one.
Looks like any dollar store earrings
Only played 1 chapter, it seems alright.
Tool broke when I tried changing tire.
I do not find this easy to hold. Having both ends large makes it hard to get a proper grip when using as a spoon or a fork. After the first use, my daughter was unloading the dishwasher and this broke. No idea how; it wasn't even dropped.
The picture was terrible on this TV and the feet are so flimsy that it fell forward today and broke. Very disappointed. I just got it. Ugh.
It is not strong enough to help the saliva to come out of the mouth !!!!
Had this flashlight for 3 days. Accidentally dropped it. Functions of switching brightness doesnt work. Change battery everything works.
The photos came back much darker than the original and are grainy. My printer does a much better job. I would not recommend Amazon photos
The pliers work, however, mine came with corroded metal around the wire cutting blades. Also the nose surfaces do not quite come together at the tip so fine wire at the tip will not hold.
Received mine with a chip in the blade and the lower adjusting portion seized to the threaded center section.
Smaller than anticipated
Pretty disappointed because the Monsters vs Aliens dvd has a deep scratch and only a quarter of the film is actually watchable.
The packing cubes were a great size for travel and very lightweight. Unfortunately the zippers are of poor quality and one broke on my first trip using it.
The magnets that are supposed to hold the wrenches began falling out within 2 weeks or use. The magnets appear to only be press fit into the plastic. The magnets are very strong so when a wrench is removed the magnet stays with the wrench rather than staying on the holder.
Despite closed captioning being listed it was NOT available. The quality of the video was poor as well.
It looks great! Cool...and sporty...just doesnt have enough padding. Hurts my butt more than the cheap factory seat.
These pens are very light in color and some arrived dried out. Unfortunately I didn't realize this until 6 days after they could be returned. Please test all of your pens before the 30 day return window.
Very pretty bracelet. However, I should have listened to the other reviews.. I saw several people commenting on their small size, but the women I was buying it for have very small wrists, so I thought it might still work. No. These are definitely only made for children, and not very large children. The bracelet broke within seconds of putting it on..
Not working properly
Works just fine but the strap is way buggered up
I wished this would have worked the Idea is great but it would not stay locked on the stem.
Short battery life, it's slightly crooked and is already cracked right where the attachment is. Disappointed.
I like the fact that it was gold and compliments my complexion exactly! But...I wanted one a bit smaller and was under the impression from the picture that it was going to be small and fit just like the picture once again!
Disappointed and bored. I was expecting a lot more action.
You can't fit anything but thread through the eye. These are not for beading jewelry as generally elastic is used and it's a no go. Wasted $
A passable collection of country with no reason to endorse it. Quickly demoted to pile.
This TV seems wonderful but unfortunately it was delivered to us and was extremely broke, though our box was fine
They sent me the wrong design I got the ones with the buttons on the side I ordered the one with the bow... Gonna keep them now because they are really soft and cute and I don't have time to return them and wait for the correct pair I leave for Japan and one week. Just really disappointed that they sent me the wrong design
You know when you open a bag of potato chips and half the bag of consists of crumbs? Apparently that can happen with beef jerky, too. The flavor has a nice smokey taste and the jerky is of good consistency. Not too tough, but not mushy either. The problem is literally 1/3 of the bag consisted of crumbs. It was like they put part of the jerky in a grinder, the pieces were that tiny. They were essentially inedible because if you ate a handful you would choke. I won't be buying this brand again. Buying food sight unseen apparently doesn't work.
Great brush pens, but hard to move the color around... so for that alone these get 2 stars.
I really think they are very cheap they were bought for a gift. I don't think they will last a day. I will see on Christmas day if they like them
The protective seal was open and the product leaked all over the box. Lid already looked used and dirty.
I returned it. It was ok, but not what I really wanted. I replaced with a bag that fit behind the seat.
Ok ok listen this game won't let me play with people! Why for now I give it 2 stars until I can play with others!
when I downloaded it from amazon apps on my kindle, headspace said it was an old format and to go to the website. that didn't work either. I deleted it.
Purchased this for my wife. She had heard the song ' Sounds of Silence, at the end of the TV series 'Blacklist'. She had hoped the other songs were as good. Not so. Disappointing. Two songs pound heavy metal, the other a not so good female solo. I. guess if it wasn't for Simon & Garfunkel decades ago, singing this song,. This group wouldn't have anything to sing about!
I knew it was cheap that's why I bought it. The zipper handles broke the first day. I used zip ties as a quick fix because I needed it for the weekend.
It arrived with the paper flour bag completely ripped. Flour was spilling everywhere.
I love the mask but the nose part is barely functionable and fogs up my glasses. I would've given it 5 stars if it was fog proof.
Being a non-stick bandage was important for me. The write-up says it is non=stick, but it is not.
I ordered these for winter/boot socks. They are VERY tight at the top and cut off circulation making these very uncomfortable.
It doesn't even close, so there is no chance of auto shut off. It is too bad because my son really liked the cover design.
The flask did not work in keeping things hot. The coffee was warm (instead of hot) in under 30mins. I had heard such good things about Hydro flask, and several of my friends use it that I had a hard time believing it didn't work. I thought maybe I did not seal the lid properly, but the same thing happened the next time too (after making sure everything was done right). I don't know if the product is defective, but unfortunately I will be returning it. Loved the size, design and color though.
Personally I didn't think this was worth the money. You constantly have to fill it with water and even then the air blown out is not that cool. I was kind of expecting a mini air conditioner. More of like a over priced fan.
The bottle itself is pretty cool. I like the color and design, however, it is not well insulated.
they did not work for my stove
product comes apart often not satisfied
This would be awesome if you didn't have to have a cable tv subscription for it to work. I don't have cable. So it doesn't work.
Made out of thin plastic and easily allows the Dremel to vibrate. Even the lightest passes are affected by vibration. May be ok for some uses but none that I can think of.
I downloaded this about a year ago, and now all it does is take up space. I can't uninstall it, I can't delete it, and I can't use it the only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because it worked the first few months I had it
Looks bigger on my computer, waste of money
It was too small for my hands. Hard to get on.
The washing machine is very easy to use and the spin cycle works very well, but I used it only twice and it leaked water both times and some black material was coming out of it.
It has a light and it has a fan. However the fan has to be about 6 inches from your body to feel it. And that's when it's completely charged up. Great price but would have preferred something a little more powerful.
Flimsy compared to other Yeti handles that I use. Do not buy.
VERY sweet. Its so sweet, its hard to taste anything else.
Just got around to sitting down to watch the video on line to take a few links out of this band I purchased last year. The tool that came with the band allowed me to remove one pin and then would not work to remove any others. I have several links that need to be removed to make this band fit my wrist. Extremely disappointed as I really liked the look of the band.
Agter 30 - 45 minutes of snow removal my hands were cold. Sorry, but they are not warm enough for me. Which doesn't mean that they wont work for you.
Two in a box, one shuts off and on when moved. I've tried to work with it to fix it, but is pretty useless. They were cheap so I got what I paid for.
I have had these gloves for less than a month. Iam a truck driver and really liked the look and padding in these gloves but after a few weeks of work. They have been falling apart fingers are showing and dotted grips fell off first few days.
terrible taste, like rotten fruit, not dried fruit. bananas were the worst, mangos were just ok. definitely not a fan
Product arrived as expected. However, this disk was defective. Unfortunately I wasn't able to watch this movie.
Barely lasted long enough to clean one vent, used 4 to clean a/c ducts because they shot clumpy
Love how accurate this scale is but this is my second on and it is failing! After about two months it seems that they just go out of wack, maybe they are too sensitive? It will not hold an accurate weight anymore, I will not be purchasing this brand again! Also, very annoying that in the middle of a measure, the screen would turn off !
The backpack is very small. Cannot fit alot in there at all.
Cute and fits well but super itchy and uncomfortable
The tips break off if you cut too hard. I went through three pair before figuring that out. Better to just spend the money on a decent pair that won't break.
Works ok. Cheaply made. Mine snapped and broke during use
Thought it would cool down a room
Not working; not getting/absorbing sunlight. Does not lit up at night or by sensor.
Rock is DEAD. The band obviously had talent, they just wasted it on scream-o junk. Black Sabbath created the heavy metal genre, and few bands have even come close to being on the same planet since. Ozzy and Dio both had incredible rock voices, this guy NOT! Maybe he should have gone into MMA fighting instead.
I was surprised at the language and the frequent use of the F word. I was hoping to show this classic to my 10 year old grandkids but will not be doing that. Now that I'm 65 having never seen the complete film I found it to less funny that the few clips they normally show. As with most film previews in 2 minutes they can show all the funny parts of the film.
I bought these so that I could build a power cable for one of my amateur radio transceivers. It only barely works. It didn't seem to have the appropriate geometry to actually create a good crimp. The wings would break off because the crimper had a poor configuration to actually bend them over. I resorted to soldering the connections instead. I suppose with further trials I could get it better, but a crimper is supposed to be pretty easy to use.
Good evening to you, It's not that I am complaining, it does happen that some time mistakes happen. Its my second flash light tge first one was absolutely amazing, so I ordered the second one,but the second one has issues, since I work on a cruise ship its difficult to send it back to the seller. But honestly the flash light is amazing its my experience from the first one that I purchased. But I wish some how I could send the second one to replace. But overall a good experience. Thank you
I have been an Aircat owner for many years and all of my air tools are made by Aircat, But, I bought this 1250 Aircat and it was not close to it's claimed torque forward or breakaway. I may have just gotten a bad unit and I will likely buy another at some point but for now my ten year old 1200 Aircat still works fine.
Nice at first. Later if you are using and bump them or shake they flicker or change beam type.
Not always accurate, but ok.
This tent was a one weekend tent for my family. We loved the design and built in sandbags, but I expected more than a weekend of use out of it. The downfall? The frame. After collapsing it for the third time in the weekend, the joint that keeps both ends of the metal frame together came out, and the coupling attachment to secure both ends of the frame together stopped doing its job. I gave 2 stars because the quality did seem good for the value, but took 3 off because I never would buy something to get one weekend's use out of it. It's just a waste of money and materials.
First of all , this box seemed to take FOREVER to load up. 2nd , that hand held remote(not the wireless) is a piece of garbage. You have to be pretty much directly in front of the box with it, to make it work properly. I used the box for a couple of days, and decided that it's time to get the RETURN label printed, which i did. I wouldn't recommend this box to anyone. For the price it is not worth it, IMO.
The cheaps is all broke they put the juice and top chips
Ok I'm a cop and conduct a lot of traffic control so I wanted a light that is bright that drivers will see. I got this wand and it's not as great as the pictures they show. In the picture it looks like it suppose to be super bright but it's not. I light weight and I was able to use it during the day because you can see it pretty well without the light on. Just the color of the wand is bright but the lights is horrible. I would not recommend this light unless you don't have that much money. If you do then I recommend getting a stream light with a yellow cone that is the brightest one I've had. Hopes this helps
this game is definitely not appropriate for children or teenagers I would recommend adult men probably over the age of 20 to play this game
It is made in China. Not Made in USA like the listing and photos depict. But it's cheap.
I ordered two of these and one of the packages was already opened and the bit was missing. The padded envelope was untampered and completely sealed. I also ordered a memory card which was included in the envelope. Anyway, I requested a replacement to be sent to me. I will update my rating when the new ones arrive in a few days.
Mounted it in a tree to keep other birds away. Doesn't work. Head doesn't move/turn with the wind.
the ice was great for the first little bit. Now it makes a lot of noise. Works ok, except for the noise levels
I preordered this when only two songs were available. By the time the rest of the songs were added it was not really my type of music.
This bag is a simple cheap bag with a zipper. It is not lined and I see it ripping after a few uses. Save your money and just use a store plastic bag will last longer.
This item was damaged. The description wasn't even what it explained it to be. It was supposed to be a gift. Very disappointed.
I am also a "history buff" and was very disappointed to find that what should have been interesting, suspenseful and informative came across as nothing more than a soap opera writ large. I blame the director/producer: too much acting for the sake of acting rather than acting for the sake of giving us an accurate account of what transpired. If only someone had said "let's make this like a documentary about the 37 days."
This one was too obvious, and too many cookie-cutter events. The ex girlfriend he calls on late at night and they fall back into each other's arms immediately- too perfect. This is not a sappy romance until this occurs. She wants to come along because she was no longer safe... ugh. I got angry at the audiobook and found myself yelling at the audio because it was so obvious. I find myself hating his partner- there is nothing to him. Just a big roughneck that I wanted to disappear in the second chapter. But no... drag him along. The main character is nothing but a cool name to me. I can see young males liking this, but for me there was nothing special. everything that happened felt so obvious and it really soured me on this. Of course the man coming to give them information is killed with a perfect sniper bullet to the head at the exact right moment - right before he tells them the information they need! I knew it was happening. Obvious. Done before, mostly in the cheesy 80s. UGH! It became so cliche. And cliche is terrible for me. I cannot continue with this series. Not my thing.
Would not recommend this straightener. It "does the job" but the plates get way too hot and i cant even hold it because it burns my fingers! Would be good if you just wanted to quickly straighten your hair (if you have finer hair or not that much hair) but i have a lot of hair and its frizzy so i have to go over it a few times and this just wasnt the best for that. Still left my hair a little frizzy.
Jist wanted to mention that even though you get two editions of the movie in the box set, the digital copy code will only give you the theatrical release. And no extras.
Good programming, commercials
I grew up watching Sesame Street in the 1980s. I was hoping this would be like the Sesame Street I remember (not completely Elmo-centric, but very kid friendly with lots of Big Bird, Cookie Monster, Oscar the Grouch, Grover, Ernie and Bert, etc..). It's not. It's like a mix between sketch comedy and some educational bits. Interesting to see how the show originated and to see life in the 1970s, but not what I was looking for and not what I remember from the 80s. Also, each disc only has one full episode. And the disc starts with a warning that it's for adults and not appropriate for today's preschoolers. I haven't noticed anything inappropriate, per se, but as mentioned above it's just not as kid-focused as the show was when I grew up or is now.
I have been a Norelco user for many years. Unfortunately, for what was purported to be a genuine Phillips Norelco replacement, this razor head was quite inferior to the original and to my previous OEM replacements. Although I tried it for several days to see if it would “run in,” it was noisy and did not cut smoothly, and even then would not cut closely without several uncomfortable passes. I returned it for a refund (which came very promptly). And I have ordered a Braun!
I love the color & the texture of the leather is so soft. The only thing I don't like are the stitching on it. It was poorly made. I hope they did it way better.
Yes, you can read in sunlight. The rest of it is junk. It does not synch accurately when reading the same book on two devices. It's not easy to navigate. For what it does, it is overpriced.
They look great ....but smell like they were in a fire!!!!! NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL!
I didn't care for it to much
Very disappointed. I only buy product list as very good. The dvds were not in original packaging. The 3 disc were in 3 individual cd cases. There was no mention about case missing in description. Should have been listed as good.
This basically works as advertised, but I was very disappointed with the quality. The fold up sides and the risers that come up to support boards are really flimsy and feel cheaply made; not even close to being flat. The main locking mechanism that holds the rotating work surface is made of plastic. The wheels are plastic disks that are wobbly. Its a chore to make the push handle to go up and down. I would have preferred to pay $500 for a well made version.
I've own this product for many years, but this one is lighter and the blades are not smooth when wrapping your hair through it? I think this is the cheaper quality of the one I have bought from ULTA many times...
Very very inexpensive zipper, came apart 2 time i wore covers, good part is the velcro and snap held and feet were dry when i got home!
It's really loud. The compressor hums way more than a small machine like this should.
Golden Girls is my FAVORITE show, so I was very excited when my package arrived. It came in pristine condition. The first DVD played beautifully.. the second DVD played beautifully. And today I began to start on the third DVD and it won't play. My DVD player won't recognize it. My mothers DVD player won't recognize it. I've tried 4 DVD plays so far (all different brands) and nothing. This is such a bummer. I had planned on purchasing the entire series over the course of a few months (one season a month), however I will NOT be purchasing them from this seller again. Why buy something that is defective?
This was getting clogged with dog hair so it wouldn't suck up anymore dirt.
I would not recommend you wasting your money on this movie. Most of the scenes were so fake looking that I found it hard to continue watching the entire movie.
The sound quality is very poor and it will turn itself on even if you don't want it on. I would buy a better quality item.
I've had it for a about two weeks now and the blade is rather sharp and is holding it's edge well. There have been a few problems with this tool however. The wire cutting function is rather abysmal, it fails to cut through small wires and gets stuck on them. If you need to cut any type of wire, use anything else. The plier function is rather unimpressive, I need to pull hoses out of tubes (a pulling force of 20 to 50 lbs) and these fail to maintain a good grip on any but the lightest hoses. When it's all said and done I wish I had just bought a blade, pair or wire cutters, and a pliars separately because it does non of it well except for the blade.
Well, It is too sweet and oily to me. :(
I have had this since I received my kindle. It has only been 6 mos and my kindle is either on my bedside table or in my bag. I have never dropped it, nor have I hit it against anything. Much to my surprise, the top corners of the plastic surround holding the kindle in place started chipping. There are now chunks of plastic missing from both corners and I had to purchase a new case since I was afraid my kindle would fall out.
Got one. Disappointed. Not even enough power to blowup a double thick air mattress. I'll stick to my 12 volt car pump. Also not enough power to blow out the back of my pickup. This is way over priced for what ya get.
It's ok, but the plastic clip that was on it broke, that was for the strap. They should have used velcro. That's what i did. I got my daughter to sew on velcro and i've been using it since to carry 2 phones.
Battery life is good but it is very hard to disconnect from tools once it is in. A defect in one of the side push button springs of mine makes it impossible to disconnect without 2 hands on the battery pulling and tool between your legs. Unfortunately I didn't start using it alot until the return window closed :( you get what you pay for.
Battery died after 3 weeks. Doesn't pick up people walking right up to it but goes off for no reason all the time. Sadly giving it a month to try has moved my past returning the product but I figured it was me and played with the settings every which way possible and still just a blah experience for spending that much money. Not happy. To be fair, when it works the picture and sound quality is amazing but that doesnt matter if it doesnt work.
I love this game on my phone where its connected to FB but when I downloaded to my Kindle Fire it won't let me connect to FB
I received the kit and I am baffling about the poor quality of tools very far away of pictures show...
My rack showed up damaged. The box was undamaged, but the rack inside was scratched and bent. Seller refunded 1/2 my money and let me keep it. I was able to straighten it enough to assemble it and repaint it. While installing I found several of the mounting screws/nuts with damaged threads. After install it looked good, but the thin tubing used to construct it bends easily when loaded. It's a decent rack for the price, but not heavy duty or quality by any means. All in all, I wish I would have spent more money for a better quality product!
Music of course is awesome,but half way through the first CD, it stops playing 3 songs.
Ended up deleting the app within minutes. "Error Hash Key" message when I tried to open it. May be Kindle Fire incompatable.
I purchased this in May of 2016 to use for tapes that I have that mere mixed by some of the best club DJ's of the past. I have honestly used this cassette deck maybe 10x since I purchased it. I used it 2 days ago and today I went to use it again cause my cable was down and the cable co. was trying to fix the issue and the cassette deck wouldn't even turn on. I am VERY disappointed with this cassette player and I've never had a piece of electronic break down in only 2 years with very limited use. I would NOT recommend anyone to purchase this tape deck cause it just won't last. My last tape deck was by Technics and that lasted a little over 15 years with a lot of use.
disappointed in the quality of the songs
I bought the Ring Doorbell camera, the Ring Wi-Fi / chime and Amazon Echo Show. I could not get the Echo Show to connect with the Ring Doorbell.
The bag seems nice, Ill fin out n my trip. I have opened the top zipper 3 times and now the zipper doesn't zip any more. also the pole string locks have no tension to them. i would return it but no time before my trip. the bulk will kip main compartment closed I just hop lower buckle holds.
Very flimsy and I read after purchase that they can melt. I returned them and bought a titanium spork instead.
Perhaps OK for traveling, adds very little weight or bulk other than the water. But, worryingly, every sip tastes of plastic so I would not want to use this regularly.
I would keep the app If all the good anime were English dubbed.
I really like this crate and I don't mind paying for the price tag it holds...but upon receiving it really made me upset that it had scuff marks all over the lid....I didn't get use it and put my own wear and tear to it...looked like a used crate...I'd give it 10 stars if I could if it didn't have all these scuff marks
very hard to use with weak audio usually thinks are better designed from post wait for new app updates
Everything worked well but the seller opened the plastic on the bottom of the fluid can (images) and he/she took half of the liquid, ending up with 2oz instead of 4. I am cool bc it wasn't expensive but that's stealing. Wouldn't buy again.
I took a chance to broaden my horizons and experience tastes of Japan. Aside from a couple of the sweet breads, many of the savory (and some sweet) made me spit out what I put in my mouth. Some were heavily laden with sesame seeds. The package changes each month so maybe the next one would have been better, but I cancelled my subscription.
Disappointed how well is DOESN'T work. I didn't read the other reviews well enough. Yes, the wrenches sit too high - this causes the wrenches to easily jump out and / or cause the stands to fall over. Yes, the magnetic strip is basically useless; they will only work of it's in contact with metal - majority of us use drawer liners which is enough to interfere and make the magnetic ineffective. This is a big one for me: the use of "gear wrench" type wrenches is universal at this point; the heavier heads cause the wrenches to lean forward, making reading the sides of the handles (i.e. sizes) impossible - my Gearwrench at sits basically vertical in these holders. I would love for someone to offer a "large" set so that I can run up to 32mm (or larger) wrenches...
The disk video was ok, but the subtitles and CC did not worked. The seller refuse to accept the return or credit me. I hope Amazon can give me a credit for this. My hearing is not good and to be honest the audio was not good at all.
Picture was good, but it would not stay connected to the internet. Had to do a hard reboot every time we wanted to watch anything steaming. Returned it and bought a different brand tv and have had no issues.
Unfortunately I wasn't a fan. I really wanted to like this book. It was just didn't capture my attention and the characters weren't relatable to me. But try it out, you might love it!
The remote is small and the buttons are very difficult to use. You have to press hard for them to register, and even then they sometimes don't. No controls on the actual player means if you lose the remote or it stops working, you have a brick. Not a risk worth taking -- returning and getting something else.
The mixer ball is pretty awesome, but everything else is just eh. The cup doesn't have a lanyard and I knew that at the time I bought it, I just never knew how much important a lanyard really is for a cup like this one. It does also sweat so drink it quickly or don't leave it on your untreated wood surfaces. Once you do use it, it will start to absorb the odors from any liquid you have in the cup. I can wash it as deeply as possible and I still smell the milk that was in there a day later after it was drying in the rack. I have actually ponied up 5 times as much $$$ for another cup that has all the shortcomings this cup came with upon delivery and usage. Good, cheap cup but it's a good, cheap cup. Shop elsewhere if you plan on extended use.
Tastes great but found when I eat them I tend to gain weight. Why I don't know
I was looking for therapeutic level gel seat cover. This is not it.
You know we liked the product but the kindle charging port becomes loose and will not charge. I replaced the product and the second one came loose in less than a year. Not under warranty after three months. He will be getting an IPad now.
One of the movies skipped on first viewing
This was supposedly in very good condition. Apparently 2 cracks in the wooden top is "very good". Yhis is exactly what we need so I will try once more but will purchase new and hope we receive one without cracks.
This spoon (and fork by the same company) bend as easily as the cheapest stamped flatware. Just use regular kitchen utensils.
When I first listened to this CD it was like Yanni meets Hip Hop , not the usual Yanni.
If you need something to sit in, this is great. Honestly I would recommend a bean bag chair (big joe), or something comparable. Unless you slouch like a complete slob, I wouldn't suggest this chair.
Way too sweet... maybe I'm not used to this style but it feels like I'm eating vegetable with sugar.
Didn't bother taking on trip since it would expire in 9 months and wouldn't serve me into next season.
This blade isn't the sharpest ever. Had a hard time cutting large tiles.
Did not install for some reason?
The awful, glitch filled remote control brings my rating down to 2 stars. The remote's worst feature is its voice control which works only about 10% of the time. The remote control's voice control worked so seldom I had TLC Customer Service send me another remote, the 2nd remote I received is just as bad, I can hardly ever use the voice control. It wouldn't be so bad if the remote had a keypad that I could enter the channel I want to go to but it does not. The only way to quickly navigate is by voice, scrolling is incredibly cumbersome. . Since neither of the 2 remotes I received has working voice control I have to use the Roku remote app on my phone. Voice control on the phone app works most the time on the IOS app. The other functions of the remote are also cumbersome and not intuitive. The remote control is the only interface with your TV and it is incredibly important. The TLC Roku TV has a cumbersome interface and a terrible remote control. Since I have had my remote control replaced by customer service and the replacement is just as bad as the one that came with the TV I know it is a design flaw and not a fluke. Not recommended
The Screwdriver is perfect but after 1 year of light use the battery charger stopped :(
The base is not flat and the stand leans forward making it unstable. It is not as functional as i looks. Disappointed!
Died after 15 months. No reason. Very frustrating
Maybe I got a dud, but when I over tighten just a tiny bit, the thread got stripped clean right out..... Use a torque wrench
Picture of the sun condition and temperatures. Pretty basic and viewing it not a productive use of time.
The bearings are great, but they don't come with all you need. They are missing the speed washers and spacers. The same price can get you the everything. Just make sure you select the completed set when checking out!
After one use the pump stopped working - the piston (connected to the trigger finger pad) is stuck. DEFECTIVE pump.
I would have rated this 5 star but the power adapter that came has been stripped (see photo) and I'm not sure if this is good. I'm worried about fire hazard. I've emailed the seller or manufacturer if they can send a replacement but never got a response. Returning this item and most probably buy from a different brand.
1 star for the nice packing. 1 star for the fast shipping. The package was delivered today when I'm doing a 2008 Honda Pilot brake rotors replacement, can't wait to use it... The first punch.....what da......the screw head blended ....try second time using the other screw head, this time.. No Way! It broken!?!?! And I have to drill the screw out!! It take me 30mins more to finished the job...totally disappointed! I will not buy this any tools from this brand again!
I order the Multi-format version but only received a blu-ray, no dvd or digital code.
We really enjoyed this Vaux speaker but within one month of use, it doesn't charge up or power up. When I plug it in and turn on, We Just hear a pop from the speaker when it tries to power up. Very disappointed...
Super hard to open the lid I literally had to use a knife to open it every time
I really wanted this to work. I got this to hem my jeans, which the description says it can do, but no matter what I did, I couldnt get this to work. I tried 3 times, followed the directions, tried different thread, watched youtube videos, but it just kept cutting the thread instead of stitching.
This is definitely a personal cooler but you must use ice and you must have it very close to you to feel it working. I just use it for the light in my children's room.
Typical Chinese drill bits with the tips ground wrong. No problem, I can grind them right, but dismal quality.
This kit is extremely cheap, and components have broken during initial uses. The tire chuck broke during the first use and just leaks air. The air hose is cheap plastic and not what was expected.
Do not like that it is plastic and won't last long.
They are very loud and do not ride well. You get wheel hop even after having them dynamically balanced. Not enough attention is paid to the details when making the tires.
I barely use this and its falling apart. Ive learned new methods to solder, just to avoid using this.
Nice to look at ,but made cheaply. It fell off my stethoscope on day 1 of using. Disappointing. Waste of money.
It broke as I was taking it off. This is the second band I have had to replace.
I didn't like this because it doesn't allow you to go without creating a bigger mess. I used it for an overnight kayaking trip and it ended up overflowing and i had to change clothes. The cup of the funnel needs to be larger, and the escape needs to be faster.
Great when it works but it breaks too easily or stops working after a while.
Not very useful for Kindle fire. Limited channel access. No local channels. Will not play DVR recordings.
The ring fits my wide mouth clamp jars but it's too thin to offer resistance. I had to use 2 rings together to give it enough thickness to offer resistance when closing the lid even then it's still a bit sketchy as to whether I've got a good enough seal. I won't be buying these again.
Battery life is terrible!
Weak magnet, cheap case, would not recommend. Even the stand functionality is not very sturdy.
Love it. The motion sensor works great, picks up very small movements. The light is bright. You can't adjust when the light turns off and I believe it's set to keep the light on for about 10 seconds. Great for a closet. The 3M sticky tape on the back is super strong. Highly recommend that anyone thinks before they place it down because they will not be able to unstick it to reposition. Overall very happy with it. UPDATE: It's been 2 months since I've purchased these. I have one installed in a closet and it's still working fine, can't say the same about the other two. Two of the three in the pack started to turn on and off on their own. They kept doing that until the battery died. Can't say I want to purchase these again.
Was not impressed with this magazine that I loved to read in high school. It seemed to have less information and detail and just more pictures and advertisements. Ohh well.
Tried eating one can of this (I'm a big soup and Thai flavored foods person). It's way too spicy. I guess I'll pass them to a neighbor.
I purchased this as a new item, when this arrived I was surprised to see it was shipped and delivered in the actual manufacturer box with just a shipping label. The box was in horrible condition I was concerned the item may be damaged. Holes in and all over the box. See photos. After opening the box and examining the foot bath it looks like it may have been a returned item. The bag it was it was just wrapped around the bath and was all wrinkled like it had been opened before, the cord had been unwrapped before and carelessly wrapped with twist tie. The sticky panel cover was just stuck on the top of machine. This does not appear to be brand new. That is highly disappointing since I paid new item price!!! I washed the bath out really well before using to try it out. It appears to be working fine. It keeps and heats the water very well. If you have larger than average feet not much room to utilize the rollers to their full potential. My husband uses it and can only place his feet in the bath not using the rollers. He wears size 13. The only difference between this bath and one that I paid much less for is the size and ability to keep the water heated. I'm disappointed in my experience with this. I will be attempting to contact seller.
Looks well built and sturdy. Smells like plastic. Not a slight plastic smell, but a strong intense one. Bought two of them. Tried to breath through one but it made me feel bad. Wanted to use them this week but these need a while to off gas. I may return these and buy others. Would have given them a higher rating but if I can't use them, what is the point????
The game is a lot of fun but it takes an hour to travel anywhere! Most of my game is waiting unless I use my energy but then need to wait for that to replenish or use real money to buy more energy.
Shoe covers did not stay on. Bought so many, will never use them. Basket was cute though!
Came apart after some fairly light use. Build quality is fairly shitty. Looks cool though.
not real, does not have same consistency as the bottle i purchased from a salon.
This is pretty cheaply made and very poor quality leather. I bought his in 2014 and should have just returned it because the leather reeked so badly. Instead, I put t in my garage to air out for three months and still the smell. After four years it still smells like a rotten animal. Cheap...
Repetition and boring....fun at first but I lost interest after a few weeks of play
Water bag only lasted a few weeks before the inlet separated from the bag. Contacted company they said they would replace the water bag. Been over 3 weeks still no water bag.
Typical Craftsman quality, one issue is the case. The sockets do not stay put, it's a mess no matter what you do. I would rather have a cheaper set that stays out in a quality case than this one that is a train wreck every time you open it.
Clasp on front fell off the first time I opened the box. Wasn't able to find it so the box is useless.
I got as far as trying to open the product. The net was completely dead stuck in the zipper. Returned and did not reorder. I can imagine that this would happen again when trying to close the zipper of the round case, the net could easily get destroyed if forcing the zipper open.
The drill bits are very weak. I ended up using one of my bits to drill out the broken screw. Switch to the removal bit and it snapped instantly. Threw the set away.
Not waterproof at all, but they are warm
I was enjoying the game for the first 10 questions or so, but then it started showing vague pictures and wanted 15 coins for a clue. When I accepted, it gave me an A in the middle of a long word. Totally useless. When it wanted me to spend real money for more bogus clues, I deleted it. If you have cash to waste on a trivia game, go for it.
Having problems activating this app
The small carrying handle broke after 2 weeks
Works but takes long time to get all the way in to screw.
This bag is as warm as advertised, but has a big issue. The zipper works very easy. Initially I thought this was a good thing, however it doesn't stay zipped and the velcro at the top of the zipper intended to keep is zipped is not strong enough to hold it in place. I have woke up on several cold nights freezing because the zipper had opened two feet or more.
Very disappointed with this product. Blow as hair dryer, poor suction, maneuverability gave 1 star .
I didn't find this very useful.
This DP 2: once upon a Deadpool, will make you laugh in a few parts of the movie but over all the same movie as DP 2 in PG13
Not true to size...suggest that you order a size up...fit runs small.
this reads continuity tester but in fact its not-usually a continuity tester has its own voltage source-this does not and the probe is way to long-you can accidentally touch another live wire with a probe this long-i gave it 2 stars because the lead is very long and it is sturdy
Cute but for sure will need extra gloves under it to keep your hands warm. Dissapointed.
I used these socks one time only and they did not hear my feet at all. I was not impressed with them. I charged the batteries like instructed but never saw any evidence of them hearing at all. I need to contact the company and ask for replacement batteries or a new pair. Was a disappointment.
The case was cracked all across the top when received. Very upset over this
does not really cool .....I was fooled .
Easy to place and leaves no spots or annoying little bubbles. I was super excited about it until I actually tried to use my phone with the protector on. You have to press so hard for it to even register that you are touching the screen. I took it off after an hour because I got tired of having to push down so hard just to send a text.
I love playing poker. I ran out of points. I won't buy points!
AmazonFresh packages this in a produce bag and it's always soaking wet when it arrives. If you don't immediately use it or take it out of the bag and wrap it in paper towels it will wilt/rot in a day. It also doesn't require such a heavy dose of ice packs or dry ice for a few hours...
The only difference I found between this and my prior Echo was the output jack for external speaker playback, the unit it self doesn't sound any different than the original model.
The sand paper stays on for a few minutes and then they fall off. Seems like nice grit, but disappointed they don't stay attached. Even with constant pressure to keep the sandpaper attached it doesn't last long. You get what you pay for.
the compass does not work ,the cord is cheap, the grinding stone is about 3cm deep in the plastic so it cannot be used,the other aspects give t two stars, should be 4.99
This game is not fun because once you buy coins they will do anything to keep you buying and that means you will lose. They have no respect for the fact ive paid good money for their pointless time waste game because they dont even concern themselves with whether i enjoy the experience.
I purchased this battery in April and it worked fine, until now. 8 months later and it has completely stopped working already. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to purchase the Dyson replacement battery.
Gave 3 deep soaks (dried between soaking) of this in an attempt to protect my turquoise suede slip ons. Did not protect them from the occasional liquid splash or drop.
Cheap.Breaks easily.
It didn't work for my computer issue
Why would someone need a pack of 4 wheels? Everyone else sells them in packs of 8. Plus, they charge more. Will be sending back.
Stitching has already begun to unravel.
Was a great bottle until it broke. This design does NOT protect it from damage even if it is tipped over on the counter, it shattered and was then useless. Bummer
It looks cool and all but thats it. After a week of having it, it stopped sparking. Even before this happened it took 5-7 strikes to light it. I made sure it was full and used the right fluid from zippo itself.
I bought one like this at Costco a few years ago and wanted to get more. This one is a lot smaller, with a much lower back. It will be fine for the kids, but for adults its just so so.
Cheaply made and bristles too soft to do the job. Angled bristles too small.
if you close the drawers all.the way-they are extremely difficult to open again
I had high hopes for this - it it looks silly. I think it is just too deep.
When I received The Greatest Showman and opened it the case was broken and is unsatisfactory.
All you do in this game is feed Tom and watch him do other silly things. I wouldn't recommend this app if you want a good addicting game to play.
Can someone please message me, need help due to mine does not work..
Fable 2 Heavy and too hard to get on I did not care for them at all the material was so thick too heavy for me!
Not worth paying for
Pros: Shipped fast Pros: Mounts up on Wall, out of the way. Pros: Nice, long hose Pros: Filter can be cleaned out and reused - saving $$$. Cons: Terrible suction for a brand new vacuum! It picked up dust and what not, but only if you went real slow, and kept the floor attachment tool angled as flat as possible to the surface being vacuumed. If you tilt it up as you moved it back and forth, it just doesn't have much suction to pick up anything - requiring you to go over and over the same area several times. Then you still end up picking up small objects left behind, by hand. This brand- new vacuum would not pick up some small pieces of broken glass; nor even small wood chips; let alone small metal shavings the weight of a paperclip. Note: The suction was poor even even after I emptied, and cleaned the filter. (I went and got my Hoover house vacuum, and found it had no problem picking this glass, wood & metal debris this vacuum couldn't suck up.) Not impressed with suction, and will be contacting Craftsman on this matter. Con's: For a wall mount vacuum, I found it to be a clumsy, poor design - as it required repeatedly removing vacuum off from wall bracket, just to dump out debris into garbage (and clean filter), each & every time it kept losing suction. (Which seemed to happen right away when vacuuming up any fine particle debris. So you either need to just take the vacuum of the wall and drag it behind you - or keep remounting vacuum back onto wall bracket (& plug cord back in) just to use it again. (My intent was to leave the vacuum on the wall, and use it. I had a prior wall mounted vacuum that allowed you to just remove just the dust-bin container that needs dumped - and not have to remove the entire heavy motor assembly.) If you are buying this shop vacuum to drag behind you...and then put back into the wall storage bracket between use, then you may find this design adequate. But, if your intent was to leave the vacuum hanging on the wall, and use the long hose to reach around the entire shop to vacuum - think twice about this product.
I was disappointed in the quality of the recordings. I'd expected some early works to be of a lesser quality, but not all four discs. Unfortunately this will go into my cd trade bag.
It's a nice phone but not compatible with much very slow
Smaller than would be expected for a medium
The beach chair is great however the backpack straps were cheaply sewed on. Our second trip to the beach the right strap broke apart at the stitching on BOTH chairs. My other issue is the drink holder is just big enough for a bottle but not a bottle with a cozy or a cup.
Generous fit, arrived on time, pretty and in good condition, however not the best protection from thorns. I had a pair of rose pruning gloves from Home Depot last year that were great. I could get in there and prune and transplant without any worries of being pricked. I wish they had them this year because I regret buying these here on Amazon. I had to be extra careful even with these gloves on. And yup, still got pricked.
I have had to replace my grandchildrens tablets at least once, my youngest kids twice.
It was okay.Didnt last long.
I'm disappointed this saw didn't work out.. Everything is so well made but smooth acuracy wasn't there. The positive stops are sloppy and the glides must tweak the blade over at the end of every cut. The blade presses into the wood leaving a half rough half smooth cut with a tiny gouge in between. I will be returning it.
Nice idea but instructions would help. Wasted money if you are not a seamstress...like me.
It was not what I wanted.
Looks can be deceiving...product is substantially smaller than expected, ESPECIALLY for the price. Vials are about 1" in diameter and a 1/2" tall which is mostly plastic, the actual paint is less (looks to be maybe the size of a stack of five quarters). Whole thing together just three inches. Maybe that amount will go a long way...we shall see.
I ordered the package of large white and black tees. Great quality with a little stretch. I needed the white for a project and it fit well. After I finished my project with the white, I went to do the same with the black. It was a SMALL. Now I can't return since I altered the white. And I couldn't see a way to contact the seller. Will definitely buy again and hope the packaging is correct.
The app for this is probably the main reason for this rating. The app developers need to improve. Purchased the TiVo solution instead, Though more expensive, it is more robust.
Liked it to start. Played for a couple weeks. No credits for anything but power UPS. Deleting.
It looked like a really good thermos and I was super excited but, it came damaged. Like, come on did I just get someone else's used stuff? Did people drink out of this already? I don't even want it now smh. So disappointed
I supposedly tweeted a comment someone didn't like so I was locked out of my account and now I think my tweets are not even showing up .... I didn't use profanity , just made a comment to a certain senator lol
Hit or miss with watching
These break in half almost every time I try to use them.
Not quite the flavor I was expecting - a noticeable lack of flavor actually...with a slightly oily aftertaste. Will not buy again.
yes, they were cheaper than thunderbolt, but it looks cheaper, don't like the mount, and the light faded too quickly. The thunderbolt runs full brightness until it dies, thats what i want...
Quality is not so good
This is an ergonomically well-designed pressure gauge. It is easy to hold, the display is clear and can be oriented to a variety of angles and it fits tube stems well, without bleeding pressure. Unfortunately, the pressure read was far from reality. Instead of 95 pounds for a road tire (pumped with a Topeak pressure-reading pump), it would display 50 pounds. Instead of 25 pounds for a MTB tire, 14 pounds. I tried a different, new, battery, but the performance was the same. Returned.
Love Lipton herbal tea bags but the turmeric tea just tastes like dirt. No taste from the accompaniments. Bought this tea to help with my auto immune disease but can't bring myself to keep drinking because of the flavor.
This compass is off by approximately 10 to 15 degrees, which is dangerous to anyone who relies on it.
Not one of Sean Connery's better movies. It's an ok movie.
I really liked these, but already I've had one of the pocket zippers fail completely, and another is jammed.
This is nice stuff so I have bought 8 packages and what they don't tell you is using there hooks you can't turn these on there side. The slots for there hooks only work one way. Why didn't they make a cross not just a slot so it's directional for mounting.
Nice looking board. Company had shipped this item that was visibly damaged before shipment. Returning and will not repurchase since there will be no replacements avail before christmas.
While I found the tool very useful and APPARENTLY sturdy, , one side of the pliers no longer locks in place and can not be used
I purchased this item to replace a round polished knob on my bedroom wall lamp as it is hard to turn at times. Since there is no information about the thread size, I took a chance and they did not fit. There is a brass extension on the plastic knob portion and both are the same thread size (too small). Why the seller can't take the time to find out what the thread size is, and list it, is the reason I give it two stars. Also the reason I returned them.
Too thin...Breaks easily.
I liked the idea of having protection around my apple watch 3 series, but after only a couple hours of wearing it, it came off somewhere and I never seen it again. it comes off too easy.
Bison makes great belts, but know that the color described as graphite does not match the photo provided on Amazon. I included a photo that better represents the graphite color of the belt. Also, I prefer a simpler buckle.
As a light, it is surprisingly bright. But the short little velcro strap it comes with was not adequate to mount it anywhere on my Giro Fixture bike helmet. Perhaps I can use it to read star charts next time I go star gazing. As a helmet light, this unit is utterly useless.
Not as exciting as expected
Good price, decent functionality. After about one year and 5 months half of the backlighting went dead. Warranty only lasts one year. Probably going to avoid TCL in the future if this is how long I can expect their products to last.
It's very good to get all 2 seasons' 50 episodes for a such good price. However, you can't turn off the subtitles, which is bad for those people who wants to enjoy the show with the original pure taste.
Great product, but legs don't lock so bed keeps falling not safe for kids without checking on it a few times
The helmet is nice and fits my daughter well, but unfortunately it was received a day late (after paying for expedited shipping) and with the incorrect color. Good product, but poor customer service.
Don't know, never received. Got refunded, so 2 stars instead of one.
Apps which are not downloaded from Google Play don't update properly. Live feeds are not available from the installed YouTube app.
I puchased this for my 35 pound 5 year old son, and it worked great for the first two weeks we had it, however it just ripped right along the seam when I sat down on it to fold some laundry. I weigh about 130 so I was very surprised. He never jumped on it or anything. Be careful how you use this if you purchase it. It doesnt hold much weight!
Cheap looking and not a good value.
Doesnt cover much...
Tool is great and works as advertised but unfortunately for me portion of the magnet broke off after only being used a few times in a two week period. Item doesn't have an option for return or replacement. Tool still works but magnet is not as strong as it used to be.
It works but it came damaged. The original box that it was in is in good condition with no damage, but the product has dents on both side. This leads me to believe that it was dented like that before being packaged by the manufacturer.
If these really are brass then they are very soft. I had several of these round off or deform under the spoke wrench as I was installing them. I had to be very careful no the round them off which was VERY disappointing since I specifically bought brass to prevent this problem. I wonder if they even really are DT Swiss.
I like the thin material, which means no heavy stuff in there, but I was surprised at how it leaks at the seams. So it's a handy set of bags, but they won't keep your stuff dry.
It didn't really show what it actually looks like it has blue zippers and blue clips on the straps which they didn't show in the picture
These things are a major pain in the butt to put on and/or adjust. Not worth it!!!
This thing works sometimes. I put a nail in the wall and there was no stud.
Really to small for me.
they ordered me a package for the following month not for the month off. terrible service
This is not a good product for my psoriasis The instructions say to put on and rinse off in 2 minutes however it is unclear if you should wash before or after. So I've tried it before i got in the shower but then I feel like I'm just washing it off. I've also applied it right when I'm done in the shower and it burns any open sores I may have. Including blisters on my feet and little minor cuts. So for me it is not the best product. Im going to reorder the dry oil body spray. Which I like a lot but the cap is not secure so I lost a decent amount of an already pretty expensive product but for me it's worth the money if i can manage to not lose any of it
Returned this unit due to the poor quality of the sound. It also has a very confusing way of displaying the channels that I even have a hard time describing so I won't attempt to. Other than what I stated the picture quality was very good.
We didn't care for the flavor. It was too bland for our liking.
I have had this dvd player sense January and it's the end of June and it has already stopped reading Dvds. Pathetic! Don't waste your money on this!
Got this set for my husband as I got the pink set mine came with everything, towel, cap, phone case, googles, mask, snorkel. HOWEVER all my husband got was the mask and snorkel no extras! Bummed! Also it don't fit men well who have mustaches my husband has been having a hard time and would have to completely shave his for the better fit. But mine fit me fine and I love them other then the top of the mask digging into my forehead! Couldn't wait to get in the water to use these!
Car is fine. Track is fun. But the picture on the box shows bridges. I already have 20 feet of track, and only purchased this for the bridges. They shouldn't put bridges in the box art if it's not included. That's called false advertising.
After a few nights, everytime I went over a bump the light would turn off and I would have to turn it back on again. It was a nuisance. I like the effect it give but having to turn it on constantly while riding the bike is annoying.
I bought this for my son to take on a boy scout camping trip. The lid was very loose, felt like it could fall off. Seemed like something is missing from the design. If I had time to return this item and buy a new one before the trip, I would.
Ordered product, noticed that the box and the warmers both were for 12 hours and not the 18 as described. Return the item.
They lost ability to use touch screen after a few weeks... no matter what I had to take them off to use phone
The bracelet and earrings were pretty but the chain for the necklace was broken
It worked great until 10 days after the 90 day warranty date. Now the unit flashed the green light, but the pager does not sound. I changed batteries with brand new premium ones and it is still dead. So out $31 and now afraid every minute that Mom will try to get up and fall every until I come up with a better solution. It should work for more than 110 days!
Cutting edges were burred and jagged after initial inspection.
Use this at vacation home using Amazon Fire TV app connected to my TV and am disappointed with the picture quality and the slow streaming. I have an 18 kbps wi-fi connection and still the streaming with this app is frustrating. Almost continuous rotating circle in center of screen. And the folders I set up on my Hopper 3 at home do not appear on the app. Favorite channel lists I set up are also no where to be found on the app. It needs work.
I feel like this is way more fragrant and actually a more intense blue than the one I usually get at the salon. I wonder if it's not a counterfeit product?
Decent gloves, good fit, etc. However, a mere six weeks after purchasing them, the rubber IMPACT knuckle protection just peeled off. One moment I'm performing a mundane task while wearing them, and the next I'm looking at a chunk of black rubber flopping against the top of my hand. How am I supposed to have any confidence whatever impact protection Mechanix claims they offer? I'd pass on these gloves, folks. If you're doing any sort of work where you might want legitimate protection for your hands or knuckles, just get something else.
They don't lock into place like they should, and that has caused the blade to close on me. It was extremely dull so sharpening would be a must but not with faulty locking mechanisms. Must say I'm disappointed in the quality
i was stoked when i first installed these bearings. However as I have used them for the past 500 miles i need to change my rating. These bearing deteriorated in half the time of my regular bearings. Ceramic is just not as hard of a material as steel, so it definitely makes sense they wouldnt hold up as long. Upon changing them with my next set of bearings, i noticed that they each fit differently into each wheel. Some where slightly larger, while others were slightly smaller. Basically, i am back to steel bearings. Ceramics are great, but i do not believe that the better performance for 75 miles is worth the tradeoff from long lasting steel. ImO
A little disappointed it doesn't like to stay in place. If it wasn't for that it is easy to use and not noticeable while wearing. I do wish they came with maybe 2 of each size rather then just 1 so if you have multiple rings you have to keep swapping it out.
Tool constantly locks up and is very hard to get running. I have to blow it out and beat it on the edge of my work bench to get it to run. Sometimes it takes a long time to get it to run. Performs good after getting it go but gets hot quick and needs lots of breaks to keep from over heating. I guess you get what you pay for. Definitely not worth the money spent.
Product itself is great. Really disappointed with the supplier from amazon. It came (knowingly by them) damaged. Broken and taped up, but “new”.
Sealant broke within a month and had massive ice build up. I was using for storage of breast milk I pumped so it wasn't safe for that food. Disappointed and a hassle when called company as a replacement sealant on back order with unknown date of being available.
Works great, just got it damaged like most of the product i get from Amazon. Didn't mined the damages except for the dents in the front door that every body notices.
Firstly, I ordered black but received the black/aqua color. I planned on keeping it anyway. As you can see from the photo, it does NOT fit my 32 oz wide mouth. Notice how it doesn't screw on correctly with right side of the lid lifted. I tried to screw it on at different angles, even took out the plasic inside the cap and moved it around to see if that was the issue. Nope. I'll be returning.
We were cutting and laying tile for the whole house and we had purchased 2 of these blades on Oct 4. The first blade did wonderful and we were glad we spent the money on a good blade. Today December 30, we installed the new 2nd blade and it chopped up our tile badly. I am really disappointed with Dewalt. You have a 50/50 chance of getting a quality blade.
I returned these and purchased better leather gloves. These might be ok if you're looking for super light and you aren't hard on gloves. I suspect they wont' last too long.
Bought it used and the case was cracked and broken. I can be understanding for quality of used items but this was ridiculous and highly disappointing. The discs themselves work fine but the packaging is trash.
We have tried these glasses 2X. Both times with in just a month or so then nose pieces start falling off.
The zipper does not open smoothly! I like the backing for the iphone as it not so slippery in my hand!
Not great, the characters are way off in my opinion. I found another set here on amz that I liked much better. That being said, it might work for other people. Not for us.
Didn't care for the movie. Why can't they put more mature actors to play these rolls, like they do in Thor. They just get younger and younger, - sad, this spoiled the movie for me. I would not recommend it, waste of money.
Paid $10 each for two of these calipers but they both need a $4 battery.....
The salt blocks are as advertised & quite cute actually!!! Unfortunately all four lights were shattered in the first box & two lights were shattered in the second (purchased two sets). Both boxes completely full of glass shards. Photo attached of the lone ranger who survived the trip!!! Waiting on response from seller regarding replacement options. Will update once contacted.
I did not do my homework before buying this product , came to hobby lobby and they have the same feo $2.99 😖
Not the quality I expected
These came one day before the "best by" date. Not impressed.
this light will not recharge and we have only had it 1 1/2 months !!
warm but not attractive design especially with logo right on throat
This seat post clamp seems to be well made and is one of only a few that includes a guide for a dropper seat post cable. Unfortunately using the guide on this clamp the dropper seat post cable housing still loops out to the side and pokes me in the calf. A few issues with the design: 1) The cable housing guide can only be positioned about 80 degrees to either side (zero degrees being straight ahead when looking down the seat post). You can get a few more degrees by cheating and moving the split in the clamp a bit to one side. It doesn't seem to be quite enough. 2) The inside edges of the cable guide are sharp. They grab and dig into the cable housing. You can see the marks if you look carefully at the photo attached to this review. 3) The clamp is actually quite thick. Probably in order to give enough thickness for the nuts for the cable guide loop. The extra thickness actually pushes the cable housing out away from the seat post tube, making the loop protrude even further from the bike. I really wanted this thing to work. It sure looks better than the zip tie and tube arrangement that I had on the bike. Unfortunately the zip tie and tube works a lot better.
The case that this comes with appears to be designed upside down. If used as shown in the picture (and as common sense would dictate) with the stand on the bottom all of the games are upside down. Makes for a very disappointing experience especially for kids.
Good quality tools, unfortunately quality control is not at the same level. No 11 mm, instead two 13 mm sockets.
This bag is not made for bigger people. Nor is it in any way made for anything more than cool weather. I pretty much ended up using it as a blanket to supplement another sleeping bag I luckily had with me. The pillow is really nice to have and I have kept it with my other gear, but the bag is only big enough for a super skinny person or a child. I would recommend another bag over this if you are going into anything resembling cool weather.
I purchased this item for protection. However, when I extend the knife and it locks into place I have a very hard time folding it back into place. Don't know if it's me not using the knife correctly or the knife itself.
It didn't like I thought it would
Very difficult to open and reach inside the bag because of the poor design.
I disliked the commercials on movie .
It is a little hard to use
I liked it until it got full of books I purchased. Now I can't find or not understanding, instructions on how to delete current books and then get the .new ones from archive storage to where I can read them. VERY Frustrated. Have wasted lots of time trying to find instructions on how to do this. Am having to add new books to old Kindle that I can operate. If I can get that under control, it'd be a five star. Prefer not to post publicly this post .
Tent is great but manufacturer neglected to include the rain fly, soaking the interior and its contents when unexpected rain arrived.
Both pedals broke after a month of use within days of each other. Shaft broke on both about 1-1/2" from threads. Must be a defect in the metal. You get what you pay for. For transparency, I ride 2 hours daily, do intervals (stand & pedal, sit & pedal), ~150 miles/week, weigh 230. Need something stronger.
There was no top to the bottle and some product has spilled out. Also the item is already expired. Seller should verify before sending out this product.
No air holes for nostrils so it causes glasses to fog...might be ok if wearing goggles. It's just a slip over the face very thin cloth that does not cover head so it gradually slips down off of face. I do not like this product
Package came looking really bad, I opened up the box to find that there was missing bolts and nuts and the rear derailleur was bent into the rear wheel. I tried to adjust this but still catches on the spokes. The rear reflector was shattered and not in any usable shape. Be aware that what you pay for is what you get. I feel that Walmart would have been a bit easier to deal with than trying to save a few dollars and you wouldn't have to assemble it yourself.
Good mix … from what I could salvage. Both mags of powdered mix had broken seals and powder got everywhere. Neither the shipping box or mix boxes showed signs of damage.
Timer works, but no matter how tight, tape, or sealant threads will not stop leaking on either one. I bought two about a year ago. One for the tank, one for air cooler.
It says this can hold up to 300 lbs so i bought it. Didnt float at all when used in saltwater.
Well, at least I got the first Skulls movie cheap enough-always thought the first was an excellent movie. Parts 2 and 3 leave you wishing you never watched them at all. Story lines are bad, the acting is bad, etc.
I love horror and different movies. This one was a little strange. I like Michelle Pfeiffer, but didn't care for this
The CD was in good condition and the soundtrack was the correct one, plays well, but the came in broken which is disappointing.
It is a damaged video. Easy to dump on consumers. This was a mistake.
I chose this rack above the other offers because it had an integrated fender. Well, when I received the package it was missing the fender.
Loved it, until it broke. Thankfully did not damage my leaf. It's a beautiful idea but unfortunately doesn't hold up for daily wear.
Item was damaged severely and I had to return it very disappointed
Very cute and classier than the normal wood ones but very cheap and not sturdy. If you are putting on carpet you can forget them standing up by themselves
Well it is a cute but it closes after just a few levels, might be the game might be my fire tablet
You get what get for the prize .... I will buy better quality that will do the job
Love this product ! But EVERYTIME I buy this product the pump has stopping working in the first week. Might look at other sellers.
The dvd skipped wouldn't buy from again.
This feels super cheap li,e something you would get at the dollar store. Ur it seems like it's grt the job done, I'll try it tomorrow
The wristband looks similar but the quality and comfort is nowhere near that of the original wristband. The rubber is extremely hard, hard to lock in the clasp, and not as uncomfortable. If you are concerned with the feel and comfort, I do not recommend this replacement band.
It didn't work upon arrival
I don't feel comfortable using this glove: the flash light is not that secure neither I can fit my hand perfectly.
It looks fun but I cannot get my kids to play it
I bought this hover board for my own personal use. I live on a dirt road and I was gonna use it to run my dogs. The fact of the matter is it does not work on any non hard surface very well. I weigh 165 and the battery only last a short while. Maybe 45 mins. I will give this to my son to ride on his paved drive way and to ride with his friends. Maybe it will work better for him, he is only 70 lbs.
Pretty disappointed. Numerous song skip, especially my favorites. Atleast the album cover looks good.
The string broke and we lost the camera on the 2nd day we used it. I had even tied an extra knot in the string because of another review I read here. It was attached to my wifes BCD with a metal carabiner and it either came untied (unlikely) or it broke and the camera floated away off into the Caribbean. We lost all our pictures. Would love to be able to review the quality of the photos but we dont have any. If you plan to use this camera in or under water, buy something better to attach it to yourself. And download your pictures after every dive or buy multiple sd cards and swap them out regularly.
Did not produce bright enough image outside.
it was not what was advertised when I downloaded it. It is a good game just not what I was promised
it broke right away.
Good value for a short use. Eventually it came unravelled. Lasted for about a month.
Like the sound but mic doesn't work
These run small. You better order a much larger size than you think you need.
This does not fit the 1L Chute as it was supposed to. Was searching for the plastic cap and collar so it worked out. But not the one I was looking for.
Very convenient water bottle as it folds up when empty and does not take up much space. what I did not like was that after water sat in the bottle a few hours it began to taste funny, like it was absorbing flavor from the silicone bottle. Will not use it any more because of this.
Many books I wanted to read were not included. Not worth paying for unlimited when I still have to buy books I want to read.
Switch quit working after 2 months. Very bright when works, like the dimming feature.
This thing is great for doing what I want it to do, stream video, but the Alexa worked for a month and mysteriously stopped and now the remote corroded brand new batteries and is dead leaving me stuck with the remote app that requests I pay for premium service half the time. On top of that, since I live in a 130 year old building with a fallout shelter, having to leave my phone connected to WiFi in order to run the remote means my already slow internet now runs at a glacial pace. This should have lasted longer than 18 months..... from a technology standpoint, not shocking, but from a commitment to sustainability standpoint, very disconcerting...
This does do what it supposed to do, but...the UI and features are bare-bones, and the f/w seems "half-programmed". Is this a beta product? The on-screen guide is abysmal, both aesthetically and feature wise. For instance, when you are viewing the guide, you highlight a show and press the record button on the remote to schedule it to be recorded. However, that only brings up a box where you have to old-skool-VCR-like manually enter channel to record and start and stop times. And, while I was able to set it to 12 hour time, it only displays like that in the guide..the box where you schedule recording still uses 24 hour time!!! ...but yeah, it does record. You can pause and rewind live TV. I'm not sure if you can record something while watching something else, I doubt it. I only bought this because DirecTV is fighting with one of my local channels and it was pulled, so then we didn't have to watch live TV for the one or two shows we watch on that channel.
Needed an electrolyte drink for post-seizure, thought I'd try this since the price was low. Tastes like butt.
I would give this light 5 stars for the price except it arrived with a 4.2 Volt Battery pack and an 8.4 V charger?? The charger does not shut off since it never achieves the 8.4 V charge state. I am also concerned about the battery going thermal runaway? I have not noticed it getting too warm but not happy with the mismatch.
It is good product but I bought used. Amazon did not give any information about the condition. Item came torn. It is not safe for baby/children. Because right side was torn and baby can fall from there. How amazon sell it as a used ?
Like other reviewers I've had corners break without any droppage or hard use. Also, the edge that juts out has really sharp corners and its just where my thumb wants to be as I'm holding it. Very uncomfortable to hold.
I don't know what's wrong with mine, but on more than one occasion the screws get so loose that I can't unclip. Even had a local bike shop check my set up and they couldn't figure out what was going on, even after loosening pedals. We figure these are just cheap options
Picture quality is not great, kind of looks like the pic you find on an old VCR tape. Sound quality is not very good, the talking doesn't sync with the lips on some of the DVD's. Found a similar set of all episodes at Walmart for $10, so buyer beware.
bright for sure... the on button fell off the other day. Also wish it was USB Chargable or at least came with the option.
Great game, fun game, but WAY too many ads! You play a in-game and fail...it asks if you want to watch an ad to continue, you click no, and it plays an ad anyways. Almost every single time a game ends or you switch to a different activity an ad plays. I can't even let my kid play it because he is always accidentally ending up in the app store.
This product came quickly and well packaged. But those are the best features. It doesn't fit well on the Kindle, the port covers don't close well, and the kickstand is impossible for my kiddos to use- I even had trouble making it work. There's no way this is water/dirt proof as the silicone cover never stays put. I will purchase another fintie case very soon. Do yourself a favor and get that instead. I've purchased 4 and had great luck with them
No way to contact seller. Great light but batter portion stopped working after 3 months. Trying to figure out how to get a replacement battery pack through company.
Was too small to work on my watch
packaging terrible\. the long box tore tryin to get two inner seasons out of box. All the discs were lose and rattling when it was delivered .I have not tried them all to see if they were damaged. DO NOT BUY THIS
Super expensive, do not work as well
Took 47 days to arrive. No tracking information beyond leaving China. Requested and received a refund.
lately not holding the air. Has a leak somewhere, but not punctured for sure.
These are meant to spin up to 20K RPM. If spun freely they vibrate horribly. On the tree-shaped and ball-shaped cutters, the head is not even straight. Very disappointing.
I feel like I may have gotten a knock off product. The consistency and smell of the cream I got was nothing like what I have previously purchased at Ulta. Way too greasy and shiny.
I think it's the manner in which the words are separated.....unfamiliar connections.
Had it a month and already has gone up so again my son's scooter does not work
The fit was fine and it's actually quite a cute little coat... if all you want is a windbreaker maybe.... because this thing is not waterproof IN THE SLIGHTEST!! It just saturated and stuck to my skin in seconds outside in the rain. I might as well been wearing a long sleeve T-shirt. Completely worthless as a raincoat. I'm so glad it rained before my return window had ended or I'd be stuck with the thing.
I Love the colors and shape of this bag. The fasteners are cumbersome though. the velcro fastener is too short and pops open. the side latches are stiff and loosen.
Popped like a rubber band trying to get it on.
The shampoo is great... BUT! These are samples bottles that are being sold! My friend owns a salon out of town and the same bottles are in a bowl for free samples in the salon! They are given to salons that carry the products for FREE handouts! Can't believe that's whats being sold.
I purchased the purple hoot Nalgene Grip-n-Gulp Everyday Kids 12oz Water Bottle - 3 Pack and only recieved 2. Disappointed that there were only 2 in the pack when the title clearly said a 3 pack and the picture also showed 3 cups. The cups are nice and sturdy which i why I ordered them, just very disappointed by the misleading title AND picture.
some were crushed at delivery. not as good as I thought they'd be. Not as fresh as I thought they'd be but for little kids or dogs they work.
Disappointed with all of the singing going on.
I have bought 3 of these at separate times. The first one came with the Fire - it became so loose in the Fire to the point it would not stay in and therefore your had no idea if it had charged or not - until you opened and saw no battery left. The second one the wires connect to the plug in (to the fire) the coating came apart and you could see the colored wires - no exposed live wires but how long would that last. If the new one I just got isn't any better - I'll get another brand.
Fun while it lasted. Which was only 3 months. My daughter is devestated. Too much money for something that doesn't last very long.
This is a small, plastic camera with a minimum of directions.. It is not clear how to insert the micro chip, find the mode for just regular pictures. I was hoping a 5 year old would like this, but since kids now have access to pictures on phones, this comes up way short... But, will be giving it to the youngster on vacation next week- so, we will try it out.. Hopefully, she will like it... No directions on how to download pics to the USB that is included....???
Nice gloves. I appreciate the extra length. I ordered the largest they make, but it's a fight to get my hands in. Normally XXL is a very good fit for me.
When washing your hand it gets wet and start to come apart
First off the game is ok i have no problem donating money to it cause i will support something i like now when i donate more then what i should, it seems like i have 0 luck theres no benefits to that im assuming but i will be deleting your app for that reason money spent poorly by me . oh well keep saying your dealership is fair but to me sucks balls . call me a sore looser i except that but man give a little , get a little thats how it works . thats just my opinion better love next time ✌
Disappointed by the sizing, usually get a medium but bought a large for extra room and it was very tight. Disappointed by Amazon, apparently one cannot exchange for another size at the same price paid if there is an increase. Merry Christmas, will be returning and buying from Lands End
I was so excited to get this in and when it finally came in I was heartbroken. The dvd case was badly damaged and plastic pieces were falling out. The container it was shipped it was perfectly fine and didn't appear to be damaged. There wasn't much padding either. I don't know what went wrong but maybe someone should add better padding next time.
You can mirror your screen, bombs out on trying to stream video from any app though.
This is a thin nylon TARP. No wonder it has/needs anchors. Unpleasant to lie on. It gets hot . Best plan on putting a nice towel down on top of it. So the best I can say is it will keep the bottom of your towel clean.
I bought this to use on my area rug and hardwood floors. I have had it exactly one month. The adjustability is non existent. You push the button for the brushes and the second you start pushing, they pop back up causing the pads to wear and tear. It worked ok for a couple of uses outside of the bristles never working, now it picks up almost nothing from the carpet and hardwood, and it does nothing for pet hair.
This basically just vibrates. Does nothing to clean teeth
We returned this because the turning of the disk was so loud it detracted from being able to hear quieter parts of the movie. The whining/grinding sound was also very irritating to us, like some people don't like nails on a chalk board.
Lasted 4 months and then the motors busted on the left side. Very very disappointed.
I tried every channel in the store n none worked.
They seemed like fine blades, but they did not work on my bosch tool. They would seem to fit, but when I would start it up the blade would fly off which was both scary and annoying. I was bummed, I really wanted these to work. I went back to genuine bosch blades and all is well. I wish I had a better experience with these, I certainly like the price of these better than the bosch. But for me I got what I paid for.
I purchased this pump because of the to fill the tires on my road bike. It was easy to use and read. My first pump broke after a couple of months. The hinge on the pump is secured by a rivet type fitting. It was there that the pump broke. Called the manufacturer and they sent me a new one, didn't even need to send the old one back. After a couple of months the new pump broke in the same place as the original. This pump may work on lower pressure tires but if it requires 100 pounds of pressure this is not your pump.
it has beautiful colours, but it changes so fast that it's hard for
Junk. They broke the first time I used them. Save your money.
I got this rack figuring i'd save a few dollars over some of the other more expensive racks like the Specialized Pizza rack. After owning it for a month I feel it's undersized and not very effective at its intended use. The top surface is not very big or effective. The cargo net it comes with is also not very quality. The hardware it comes with is spherical, but it doesn't include the mating spherical washers that'd be needed. A motivated buyer would repurpose some of those from an old brake pad but doing so is absurd for something so inexpensive and easily provided by the manufacturer.
Hard to use, game freezes & shuts down on my Kindle. Lots of ads.
Tool is fine, but this did not come with the included accessories from the picture. Just the tool.
This made me break out. The lotion is kind of thick and doesn't glide on as easy as some other brands I have used.
This was supposed to go to my email within 24 hours of purchase and never showed up. I sent an email to find out what was going on and was assured I would receive the email. No email has arrived and the purchase was over a month ago. I finally received a paper copy of the warranty in the mail last week
didnt work well for me
Had the game for almost 2 yrs, then it kept saying data error, sent in 4 support tickets over a month and a half, no one contacted me and the game does not work, get it at your own risk.
Feels good on, appears to work well so far, but SO orange. Not finishing tube and purchasing another brand. Who wants orange suntan lotion? Anyone?
I must have gotten a returned item. Doesn't work for a noon pedal, starter bike.
Came damaged and when I went to the retailer to send it back you had to return in the original box. Needless to say we had already disposed of the box by tearing it so it would fit in the dumpster. We are using it anyway and it works OK but the dented part is on the front where everybody can see it. Doesn't look like a brand new freezer.
Smells great , but does not last. More water than product
Folds up and is very compact. Outside of that, you might as well sleep on the ground.
Was working great, but now the LCD has lost some of the display.. It's been kept in the case, I have been super careful with it. Replaced Batteries.. etc.. I can not find how to get warranty service on it.. :-( Seems like a great product if it was robust, I brought this more expensive ACDelco Tool, as I wanted quality.. :-(
The sears service writers do not get commission when you buy tires from amazon and they make it known. They'll complain and grill you about "why didnt u buy from sears?" But eventually they get the job done
Fooling Yourself is a standout but many of these songs don't lend themselves to orchestration particularly well. Camera work and direction is off target - where was the chorus during Man in the Wilderness? What a botched opportunity to capture the kids for the evenings most rousing song. The exclusion of a few of Tommy's bluegrass songs was a disappointment. The venue wasn't terribly impressive. Plenty of talented kids onstage but they don't always have much to do.
I know this is a 45 dollar DVD player but I expect it to work......first issue was when using the zoom mode x2 the icon is left on the screen!!!!! No amount of looking in the menu can u turn this icon off, so if you want see a little more picture/movie on the screen the zoom x2 icon is left on the screen.........what???? After reading some reviews I saw a guy that actually contacted Panasonic customer support who admitted that it can not be turned off Then after watching one movie, the thing started to freeze with no buttons on the remote had any affect at all......the remote is a nightmare too Well, back to amazon, guess I have to spend a few more dollars to get a decent DVD player
Too thin for my liking. I was going to use this as a backdrop for my baby shower next wee, but I would probably need another pack as it's very sheer. Great value though
This is a lovely piece. I just don't trust it to hold the ashes of my Brother. I ordered for Christmas, received it, and am promptly returning the item.
It doesn't stick... totally waste my money and time... have to use tape!
Tastes bitter. I ended up tossing the rest. Nobody in my family liked it at all. Sad.
I bought this May 5, 2018. It was dead by May of 2019. When I put it on the charger, it gives an error and won't charge. Worked great for a year. Just didn't expect it to die so soon.
The diver flag is dark orange. Seller didn't respond. I am thinking that for that $ and reviews that should be mentioned.
Fingers too long. Bigger than described. Not waterproof.
pros: provides ample space and cooling with a great breezeway. It is very compact and fits easily in most checked in luggage. Cons: Annoying to setup with the use of collapsible poles and cheap grommets. Our first extended (4 consecutive days) use resulted in broken guide hole metal buttons, ripped pole inserts. Setup time takes 5-10 mins and tear down is about the same. It is clumsy and the enclosed travel bag is poorly made. Good luck trying to fold the tent back to it's original shape to fit in its carry on case. Overall it's made with slightly below average quality and should be considered a one/two time use item.
Mine has a hole in it! We used it twice. What can be done about this?!?!? This was an expensive purchase for my 35lb child. It shouldn't have a hole in it already!
They were difficult to install, and left many bubbles no matter how I applied it. It's an okay product, but I will definitely by a screen protector from someone else in the future.
This was my first attempt at biking shorts, I was not impressed. After several miles they were stretched to odd places on my butt and the parts that were supposed to be cushioned either had nothing, or the foam felt like it wasn't there. Coming from no pads to pads, I had little to no improvement on comfort. I tried tying the waist tighter to keep them from moving, but it just made them more uncomfortable. It's possible they would fit someone else better, but these were not for me.
They just didn't last, very disappointed. Too good to be true
Not what I expected from a concrete saw costing this much. The dust collection tube is too small and not in the right spot.
This is ultimately the best digger ever.......strong, sturdy, heavy , sharp, and best quality in a digger available as far as Iam concerned. I am an avid constant gardener of a beautiful Eng;ish garden on a half acre lot.
Kickstand broke from normal use after a couple weeks
This was my second bit from Whiteside. I use the 1/16 for fine lines in wood signs. The first one lasted through two signs, about 30 minutes of work before it broke. Just got my second one in yesterday and today it broke within five minutes of using. Will not order again.
My 9yo is using this at the moment. It does not hold air. I have to re-inflate the 'armrests' every night because they have lost almost all the air that was in them. The middle does not stay inflated either, unless manually inflated. Disappointing for what I paid for it. I would never buy another or recommend this product to anyone else. =(
I bought this because of the Alice in Wonderland theme. Unfortunately my kindle did't like it. As I was reading my kindle would randomly shut off. It would happen a lot. I initially thought my new kindle was defective. I was getting ready to call customer service to complain but decided to take the cover off to test it out and sure enough my kindle was working just fine. I ended up having to buy another cover and that cover doesn't shut off my kindle as I'm reading. I do not recommend.
This used to be the best cheap screwdriver you could buy - and it actually replaced 6 tools in my tool belt (unlike the 10+ in ones I've seen that include stuff I never use). It was perfect. And then they changed the handle. There are 4 positions the shaft will slide into the handle. On the old screwdriver, it would lock in no matter how you slid it together. This new version only works 1/2 the time. It a major inconvenience when I use this thing 100 times a day. I found another brand that still works the way it should. It's a shame.
Does not perform well in bright rooms.
Worked well for 1 day. The top piece and float came apart on 2nd day and was lost
The brackets are nice enough and perform as expected, but the labels on them were nearly impossible to remove. They look like the brackets were sitting in the warehouse in the heat and labels really adhered to them. I was able to remove them, but it took a while because they would only come off a tiny piece at a time.
This course is not accredited, so if that's important to you then you should be aware.
Great at first but they do not hold up well. A crawling baby will wear out the knees in no time. Also, seams at the feet are unraveling.
It sleep two if your lucky, not happy at all
Really upset about this one. The ball part is not round and has imperfections. I don't have the tools to round it out so instead of a round dent, it is triangular wedge dent. Really bad quality control but it seems sturdy and could have been good.
Plenty of storage. Sadly after the summer when I went to pull the handle, it tore. Weak and not very strong. I mainly just stored canvas and plastic canopy covers inside, nothing really heavy. I won't buy it again and don't recommend it.
I own an old Black and Decker Workmate which I have had for about 30 years. I have a summer home and thought I would purchase a second one for a project here. What a difference! I spent almost 2 hours trying to decipher the instructions and assembling the workmate. Once I had it put together it was nothing like the original. It is much smaller, lighter, and not nearly as sturdy. I think they should call it the Playmate instead of Workmate.
Not thick at all very flimsy.
Cheap quality and cheap packaging. Item arrived bent from one side....I managed to straighten it a bit but pressing volume/power buttons and plugging in charging cable still a hassle. Even if it wasn't bent it doesn't align well with buttons and camera. I'm using this with Fire 7 HB 8GB.
I know the product is thin but my package was empty when i opened it. I don't know who to contact to let know I didn't receive my package.
I don't write reviews, but I am making an exception for this since a lot of work goes into installing it before you know if it's defective. I generally love Dewalt products, I have over 10 cordless tools from them and have had 0 problems with them. After installing the hose reel, I pulled out the hose about 20' and it wouldn't go all the way back in. I adjusted the tension, twice. Each time it would work once then it wouldn't reel it all the way in. I tried pulling the hose completely out to see if that helped but it still didn't work properly. I bought a Goodyear reel 2 years ago for about $140. It has worked flawlessly. I am returning the Dewalt one and ordering another Goodyear one. I assume that I just got a bad one, but after looking at the 2 side by side it's obvious that the Goodyear one is built much better.
I received my bike yesterday, and in my excitement today as I was putting it together, there were 2 obvious things quite wrong with it. 1st, there is no adjustment for the handlebars. A vital piece of hardware that holds the handle bars in place is missing. Secondly the partial assembly was done wrong. The front brake assembly was installed on the rear of the forks. I don't know about you, but every bike I've ever owned, has had be brake assembly attached to the front of the fork on the front of the bike, and attached to the rear of the fork on the rear of the bike. Is in it obvious the reasons for the assembly this way? Other than that, it's a well made lightweight bike and for the price, it is a bargain. I won't complain too much about the missing part, because purchasing a new one would not be terribly expensive, and I'm pretty handy with a wrench so changing the break to the front is no big deal. But to me, details like this matter, which is the reason for only 2 stars... its simple: do you care enough about customer service and satisfaction as you do about sales?
Pros - The compact size is really nice. Cons - Not durable. The one side of the pliers tool snapped off the first time we used it.
Is not bright at all.
The ruler is ok with the measurements being accurate but the most important feature for A pocket ruler is the Clip that holds it onto your shirt pocket and this one is loose and wobbly increasing the likely hood it will get lost. :( it also doesn't slide up and down well for the depth gauge to work.
Super cute but color fades in the sun within a few days.
These are cute and a thin material which overall is ok. My major problem is that these cut into my calves right behind the knees and leave a deep sore area after a day of wearing them. I am 5”2 130lbs. My legs are pretty skinny And it doesn't work for me
Bought this because I wanted to also have the digital copies, but there aren't any in the package even though it states on the front that it does. Highly disappointed!
The clock was very light weight almost flimsy, only powered by USB, but it had a number of features and I liked until it stopped working. I liked the dimmer on the display. One thing I didn't like was that you couldn't set the snooze time (or at least I was unable to figure out how). It has two separate alarms, but I had to set one 10 minutes after the other to overcome the inability to set a snooze time of only 3 minutes or so. The other big thing was I didn't start using it until after the return window had closed and the display started to malfunction after only a month or two of use. So for at least the unit I got, it was money down the drain and I have to purchase an alternative. So if further reviews suggest unreliability, I'd believe them.
Too large of gap to sharpen anything smaller. Left scratches all over the top of our kitchen knives.
We used this 16 oz mallet to assemble a wheeled cart. The rubber is degraded on both sides after 2 carts were assembled. Otherwise, it was a good mallet for small jobs at the price.
This is a GREAT horror TV movie . It is better than 80 + % of theatrical movies and thats saying a lot . Making false claims and charging 4K prices is dishonest .. I gave this movie 2 stars because of the 4K false claim . IT DESERVES 5 STARS AMAZON MUST DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS
Not what I expected. Cheaply made
I was excited about this purchase, I mean look at the reviews, this was going to be amazing! A pool float that doesn't require storage space and I can take it on camping trips-a bonus. Filling it with air, as other reviews have stated is difficult. The real problem is once it is filled it is really hard to stay centered on top of it. After being thrown off of it a couple of times (while on a hard surface, which was moderately painful) lets just say the excitment tarnished quickly. I have no desire to injure myself at my age, and while it is a very ingenious idea, it just did not work for me.
The umbrella seemed well made overall and looked good. When we got to the beach the coupling that's used to adjust the height came loose from the base pole. It didn't matter how tight the adjustment screw was. The umbrella kept blowing away. Had to return.
Came in Eastern format. Unable to change this to West Coast
These batteries worked GREAT for many applications and tools. However, less than two years after purchasing, heavy use with my Ryobi brushless trimmer caused the batteries to overheat and the area around the contacts melted. Almost ruined my trimmer, as one of the batteries almost wouldn't come out. Neither are currently functional. I have purchased 4 of these, as I gave two to my son-in-law as a gift. I also own some of the actual Ryobi batteries which I have owned for years, and have had no problem. I can't recommend Energup at this point, unless you are only doing light-duty stuff.
The Converter stopped giving audio output after a while. The display quality is also not that good. Better converters for cheaper prices are available. I had to order another converter.
I order 3 different types of Dove chocolates. All were melted and deformed when delivered. This may not be due to the vendor, but due to the shipment itself. Since the chocolates are individually wrapped in foil, they were rendered too messy to attempt to unwrap.
Not a good product. Elastic waistband is very cheaply made. Stick with a name brand product.
Not good for heavy bikes. Does not support into studs only dry wall.
They should not have plastic on the bottom. Wore out after about ten uses.
Not really too expensive for old movies I won't reorder until prices come down.. That's the same reason I discontinued other movie channels.
Should say on title mini back pack. Had to return
Didn't work most of the time. Not dependable at all.
I am a huge Cher fan and was very excited to get this. However I was disappointed in the quality. I felt that most songs sounded a bit slow and off beat and that Cher's voice a bit flat. I will still listen to it though.
Very cheesy. But ok in my fishing box.
I love Yelp, but their Amazon app is quite outdated. It needs to be updated.
Spend the extra money and get a good quality tarp these are terrible
I'm probably doing somthing wrong...but I can't get a video to stream more than 5 min., then it moves to the next video and plays only 5 min...on and on.
Bought this set in December 2017. Sat in the box until today when I tried to charge and use for the first time. The front light charged fine and mounted on the bike fine. The rear light would not charge at all and is useless. My fault for waiting so long to test it out but I would have fully expected a quality product to work.
Didnt like the fact that it doesnt come with a fork cups
FLIMSY CHAIN! Broke right in half the second time I tried to put it on, and I wasn't doing anything other than just putting the necklace on - no great pulling or tugging involved. It's a shame - the pendant is nice, but now I need to go buy another chain.
What's the deal here? I can no longer log into the app. Do you NOT want me to shop?
The board looks gorgeous and rides nice! However the quality of the board is questionable, we received the board on the 21st and now on the 27th it is already separating and isn't solid. We haven't done any tricks or anything crazy, just cruising on the sidewalks.
The actors are talented but the story is told so slowly it becomes boring
The copy I got had something wrong with it. I would get to a certain point in then stop and skip all over the place. I never did get the first CD to play.
Did not work on my machine. Gabe the printer away with all the ink cartridges.
not sure if it will give results
So many advertisements and the reading material is mediocre. I had high hopes for this magazine but was very disappointed.
Was a good product until one of the bands just broke only had a few days
Because of the prongs are plastic they start to slightly rub away and move at the lightest use of measuring something wood or metal. Thus you are adding space and making an inaccurate reading. Upon first handling the tool it can keep slightly moving due to it being plastic. Just sitting there it can change the reading.
I used this product for about 10-15 total sleeps and by the most recent one, it no longer holds air. The leak isn't visible or audible, so I haven't been able to patch it. It worked like a dream until now, but if I could go back in time, I would have spent a little more to get a better product.
Hurts around the ears. Not the best but doable.
Not impressed. Packets were hard and contents seemed to be exposed to moisture then dried out. Did not get a good vanilla flavor.
The bits are ok they tend to bend or strip really easy even knowing I'm using it with a 12v drill and the lowest torque and that is 1 about 1lbs
Camelbak the original bladder system is superior. This device comes apart easily and then leaks.
too expensive because I don't watch so much. billed for subscription even after cancelled before trail.
Wasn't impressed. Quite drying on my skin.
Bought this software because I had used H&R Block in the past. I thought the Deluxe version would include rental properties. Had to upgrade to Premium version for additional $20. Then when I was done with the federal, the program asked if I want to purchase the State for additional $39. Called the customer service line. Waited over 25 minutes then I just got really upset and hung up. Went ahead to continue to without state only to find out that had I "purchased" the state option, I would still have to pay additional $19.95 plus applicable state tax to e-file state return. Really disappointed in H&R Block this year. Don't think I'll buy another H&R Block tax software in the future.
Deflates during the night from day one. Can't find any holes or punctures.
It keeps repeating the tutorial over and over so I can't play, but I'll give it 7 days and I hope it'll work then. Other wise I think it would be a good game
So I've used this thing about 6 times to hang pictures now, and 5 out of those 6 times I have had to re-hang my picture. I am doing all of the things it tells me to do and when I put the points against the wall I make sure the bubble is right smack in the middle of the level before pressing into the drywall- but 5 out of 6 times it has gone wonky. To be fair- it might be because the floor isn't level. But it could also be because the mechanics of the product aren't quite lined up, so read the other reviews before you decide.
Worked great at first but only lasted 2 months
SUPER thin. Probably won't last more than a couple months. The lunchbox is more suitable as a pencil or crayon case. It's not insulated and VERY thin. Invest a little more for a better quality item.
As a huge Alan Jackson fan ever since he came on the scene with Here In The Real World, I came away disappointed with this collection billed as 34 Number Ones. For me it was 26 Number Ones and 8 wannabes. Sorry Alan... I never heard him do Ring Of Fire before listening to this CD for the first time. I wonder where in the world that one got enough air time to be a Number One... Sorry Alan...
I normally love Mechanix gloves but these Fabricators were a terrible fit for my hands. I bought the same size as always but could hardly slide them over my palm. Once they were on the fingers were unusually long and they were so tight fitting I couldn't bend my fingers very far. I'd recommend other Mechanic gloves but these are a downer for sure
Tangles and snarls easily. I'm going back to monofilament.
These are good but not extra warm.
One cut resistant glove only - which was not clear from the listing. Also small for my large hand.
It didn't fit my 7 inch tablet. Should be more specific about 7th generation or 5th generation tablet. How do you tell the difference??
This is my third filter purchase and I have been completely satisfied up till now. I ordered the same filter I got last time and It was slightly different from the one I had before . I put it in and I cant get the water to flow out. Hopefully Apex can get a hold of me or maybe I can contact them but this filter isn't working for me right now. When it comes to past products, the water taste amazing it is great. I use this filter because I have really bad acid reflex and this helped a lot changing the PH level to a tolerable amount I could drink and handle.
Took three hours to get product installed. The product key took almost an hour to arrive, once it did Microsoft immediately accepted the code however, when trying to install the product it claimed for over an hour that I had never given a code. Once I finally got installed it worked for three days, then Word went back to saying that I had no active account.
Everything appears to be OK except the lid on the bottle of chili powder. The plastic lid was broken and had come off the bottle. I searched the shipping container for the broken piece of lid, but couldn't find it. That makes me think the lid was already broken when the chili powder was placed into the box. Fortunately the bottle had an internal paper seal affixed to the rim so no spice was lost. At this point I'm not sure how best to secure the spice, but I'll figure something out. I'm only giving a 2 star rating because this problem is very annoying even though everything else was fine.
These are decent shelves if you want to store cereal boxes or other very light weight items. If you plan on storing more than 3-5 lbs one of the top two shelves you will want to go with something more sturdy. The seller lists the storage weight as 50 lbs per shelf. This is grossly overstated. I placed a 10 lb object on the top shelf and the entire shelf almost fell over. The plastic construction of the shelves is mediocre at best.
Came very dried out. I tried to use it and it wouldn't stick to my lashes very well. Very crumbly and unusable.
Have ordered this product before on Amazon (3 times to be exact) and yet again the tube was not filled completely. This 1/2 size tube lasted about 2 -3 weeks, being applied once a day. First FULL size tube I ordered on Amazon lasted about 1 month, the second full size tube lasted about 6-7 mos. Will try once more, with a full size option. This half-size tube was beyond disappointing. Clearly consistency of the product is an issue. FYI - Have purchased a full size tube from my stylist and it lasted 7 mos and cost 40% more. At least it was a full vial......
Won't show ads but hear them. Get extra final clues after solving original. Try to watch ad for coin and it doesn't play and more like not getting total awarded coin. A lot of bugs. Normally it's fun but for times when it glitches. Now it
huge disappointment, given the very misleading title ! Nothing on this sounds soft or like it came from another planet ! They should be made accountable for false advertising, or something, because I was expecting something of an ambient nature, and it's nowhere close. Kind of annoying actually. Sorry !
Not vivid colors at all. Would not order a canvas like this again. Too expensive for the quality!!
It says its accurate within 7% and mine reads 7 ft lbs while not using it. Was hoping for a bit more accuracy than that. OK for big things, would not use on precision small torque applications
Covered in some sore of oil or grease. They stink and I don't know how to get it off... don't recommend
VERY hard to control. Adjusting the controls don't help much. VERY hard to learn/understand. No sounds for guns/combat. I intend to delete this game. There's MANY other much better flight Simulators available.
BAD product support! I tried to get SOMEONE to support me on this purchase and no one answered the phone for 3 days! Only got recordings. Asking for my product number etc or simply disconnecting. My needs were simple - I wanted to connect this to a die grinder to act as a foor pedal on/off switch. Instead when connected it simply blew aire out the remaining ports without the foot pedal depressed. I FINALLY figured out that you need to stop outflow on the second output port to get this to work. No instructions, no support. Two wasted days to figure this out myself. Once done, it did work and seems a good unit. The shroud needed to be removed as this blocked the port connectors. Less than impressed.
First night out on trail the mattress leaked.
hair seems to get dirty faster, and saw no difference in thickness
I bought this set because it was compact. I have another set that only has about 1/3 of the bit sizes and is a bit bulkier. This is the first time I have need to use this set and was really disappointed. Out of the two star bits used, both of them ended up stripping themselves, the screw was fine. Therefore I could no longer drive the screw in any deeper. I had to use my older set to finish the job. Also, the bit would always fall out. There seems to be a small magnet (i believe to keep the bit in) that falls out of the handle with the bit. So, the reason for 2 stars is because the set looks good and is compact. I just wish that the bit would have stayed in when put into the handle and the metal at the tip was stronger.
I am writing this review to warn people that it isn't very secure as i lost the entire band on the third day of wearing it. I did follow directions so that wasn't the problem but rather it must have caught on something without my notice. You also can't see through it which is a bit annoying when i did have it. It needs a snap not just velcro
Delivered today. Somehow these twits think a flimsy cardboard box is adequate for shipping. Mine arrived with multiple holes in the box and the entire box essentially falling apart, with parts falling out of the box. I am going to review the contents carefully, and return if anything is missing or damaged. Wonder why they don't just ship it in a paper bag, as the box they use is really no better than a paper bag. Bah. Humbug!
Purchased or my sister as a girt. She swore by the brand but this model lasted her only a few months before the strap broke. It also was not effective in keeping her food cooled.
The volume had to be turned all the way up to hear the movie and the dvd did stick in one place on the movie for a brief time. No problems with other dvds on this player.
It's a great product but Internet description all wrong it actually says that I had another 5 miles and it didn't looking forward to get one that actually with a stronger battery
Good board horrible longevity tho i got one originally and nose was damaged good customer service they replaced it for free and let me keep it that first board the tail broke off mid ride after 6 months the second one only lasted about 7 until the layers on the tail began to split
These expansion heads are definitely not the quality of the Milwaukee heads that are available. Out of the box I had one where the spring had come apart and I had to repair it in order to use it. Locally nothing available to purchase or I would have returned instead.
Huge Tool fan. Very disappointed in this album. Most of the songs are forgettable.
These headbands would not stay put at all. It was very frustrating to have to keep taking them off and putting them back on. I even had a pony tail which slowed down the constant movement of the headband off my hair, but was still annoying. During a 12 hour period of wearing the headband, I had to put it back on no less than 15 times. That's a bit ridiculous and very counter productive.
It wasnt bad for my sensitive eyes during the day but I did have a hard time getting all the residue completely off my lashes at the end of the day which was irritating to my eyes at night. Also after using it less than 2 months it got clumpy so my lashes don't look nice and voluminous anymore when I put it on.
I love most things about this scooter. It's pretty much ready to use right out of the box. Assembly is very simple and only takes a couple minutes. My four year old received it for Christmas and has been using it inside for the past few months due to bad weather. He has only used it outside twice when we noticed that the rear wheel has been so worn down that it is no longer round. I'm not sure if the wear is due to riding the scooter or applying the brake. Either way I am disappointed that this scooter may not last through the spring.
Design is okay. Polyster is not worth the price.
Not strong enough to hold up a water bottle
I didn't enjoy this flavor at all. Went directly into trash
Cheap. Too many parts and already lost the top rubber plug. Bought a better one at the dollar store for a buck.
I thought I was getting both volume 1and 2 instead I got 2 volumes of #1 instead of volume 1and volume 2...
Medium is small I purchased this and my son can't get the pads around his knees the sign says 9 to 15 of age that's not true very Smalls and my son is 8
I do not like swearing in videos
They fog up which is to be expected but the annoying part is they leak from underneath your nose
The water spilled right out. Not reliable for its' price.
All the food stuff is on unlimited for an extra charge.
Package came missing a grip. Trying again as this gets good reviews otherwise.
I really wished I could have liked this. Bought this on a whim after seeing so many successful reviews. I got the camera and none of the features work. The motion detection works 50% of the time and the apps live view worked 1 out of every 10 times (despite comments from the supplier saying problems have been resolved). My internet connection was more than good at all times and still had errors. Followed every troubleshooting tip still to no avail. It is unfortunate but I'm returning this product, as it does not do what it is intended to do.
I was very surprised at how slow the processing speed was, painfully slow. Also, the apps available from Amazon are very limited. As an example, you can't get the Walgreens app to manage your prescriptions. I went through the process to allow loading apps from google play and noted that some apps available on both google and amazon are different! By far, the apps available on google are better but unfortunately not all work on the Fire. if you have a Samsung s=tablet and are inspired to purchase a Fire to improve performance, as I was, don't bother. P.S. Camera quality of Fire is poor compared to Samsung.
Personally I find this temp gun to be very inconsistent. I find myself taking the temp of a surface multiple times and averaging the results to get the best idea.
Looked nice and did work great my first night but all the air leaks out like a normal air mattress. Wouldn't buy another one just not worth the money.
I don't really see the difference with using this app vs the firestick remote
Haven't completely decided they seem to help in the morning when it's dark snow coming down and/or rain but not what I've seen some of the other sunglasses on TV have not tried any of them
Too heavy and too big to fit under long sleeves which I wear a lot in winter.
Seemed thinner than expected, probably 1-2 mil thick
Bought this for a 10 day snowboarding trip. On day 3 the seem in the groin area had split open. Granted, I did fall quite a bit, but it was all in powder. In addition to that all the zippers zip up instead of down, so the pockets kept coming open and I couldnt safely keep anything inside of them.
Only the right one works by itself. I tried to just use the left earbud by itself and it wouldn't connect. These also die very fast.
The tools bend really easy, seems cheap.
I ordered a large , the top fitted perfect but the pants were too small
These are the best for changing out tires they save you from busting up your knuckles. I always borrowed a friends when changing my tires but decided to get my own set. The only down side is I ordered 2 only received one (pictured attached) willing to change review if I can get a replacement.
Look and feel great but MISSING bolts
Decent quality blade, but very disappointed in its size. I thought I was buying a standard size knife, but instead received something the size of my pinky. I don't have large hands, and this is difficult for me to handle.
I bought this for work, I am an RN. I was thrilled with this jacket at first. It fit as expected, doesn't seem to fade or pill and it was warm for my night shift. Unfortunately it isn't holding up to frequent washings, 1-2x a week. The elastic at the bottom of the jacket is unraveling. Granted it was an inexpensive jacket, but for what I paid I expect to get more than a few weeks wear.
Cheap material, easily scratched lenses, and all it took for them to break was a short 2 foot drop. Waste of money.
Tested a known live wire. One in every four times the probe did not alarm. I can't trust it.
Made no difference in cats behavior or mood
One month into use and my daughter has dented the cap in 4 places as well as the paint is peeling from the bottom of the bottle.
Grommet for drawstring broke with in a few uses and now the bag does not seal correctly
Whistle doesn't work
the picture made it look exactly like my original band that came with my fit bit but sadly it does not fit my Alta at all. The original band has places for the display part to slip into but in this band there are metal pieces in there so my display cannot insert. I cannot use this product on my Alta.
Go with rigid. I got this vac and the hose is so thin that everything would clog it. Suction power is not as strong either. I returned mine it shocked me when I turned it on and it looked flimsy
The look nice, but were poorly manufactured. The threads were not clean, so I had to use a tap kit to get the caps to screw on all the way.
Does not hydrate my lips at all
Over the past few years I have purchased 3 separate BaBylissPRO curling irons and have generally loved them all, except for the fact that they keep breaking. The issue is always with the on/off button. It works normally for the first few months or several months then slowly, the on button won't register unless you press it really hard or press it several times, then eventually it completely stops working. I am now down to zero curling irons because they've all died the same way. The last one I purchased only lasted for 8 months before dying.. I believe a curling iron should last longer than >1 year. Otherwise, this is a really great curling iron. I'm pretty bummed they can't last.
Bid Wars is a fun game but can charge too much money. And I saw something and 30seconds later it was gone.
A shampoo was delivered. I ordered shampoo in the same order and two shampoos arrived.... Not worth trying to replace it because I am out of shampoos and conditioner but I needed a conditioner so Know I have to order another one. Hopefully I actually get a conditioner so I don't have 3 shampoos!!
I purchased this to finish a project I was making for my daughter. I figured this would be just right and would save room in my garage shop since I already have floor drill press. The variety of sizes would work out perfectly with all the tight spot I need to sand. Started with the smallest for the smaller radius. After a couple of minutes the shaft broke. Tried the next size up...could not get the sanding cylinder on to the drum. Even used WD40 to try to get the sanding cylinder on. I think the manufacture had shipped this size with tension on it so the drum was to fat to receive the cylinder. Okay so now I am on the third size. Cylinder goes on to drum like it should. Tighten the nut up and proceeded to sand my project and the cylinder started traveling up the drum. Repositioned the sanding cylinder and tried again same result. The last size was too big to use so who knows if that one would work or not. I have never been so disappointed in one product as much as I am with this one. I am very pleased to say that Amazon is standing behind the product. I am now going to order the Wen Oscillating Spindle Sander. Two stars...one because you gave to...the second is for the box.
I love Gerber products but this one is too heavy for a zipper pull and poorly make. The attachment to the zipper is a thread and it is impossible to open. Too big not to attract attention.
I really had loved this from the picture but I was a little disappointed. Once I got it it's basically a big transparent sticker. Squared shaped. In the corner there was a little bit left like it wasn't cut out right. Not thinking anything of it I just put it on my Mac and it was just okay. A few days now of having it well that little bit made a bigger lift and now it just looks like overused tape flap.
This is a great movie. I am having trouble viewing it. It freezes in certain areas. There's nothing wrong with my DVD player. What can I do??
Cute at first, but then it's redundant and boring. I've removed it from my Kindle.
A facial sunscreen should moisturize your face in addition to providing protection from UV rays. Not only does this leave my face feeling drier than it's ever been, it leaves a chalky/ashy appearance on brown skin. This is NOT a good facial sunscreen for women with darker skin tones. I'm very disappointed.
Two stars because it is pretty and was easy to attach to the Versa. Within a day or two the clasp became very loose and my watch fell off my arm twice. It also came with a rhinestone missing. I was going to ignore that but couldn't ignore the loose clasp.
I found them too soft. They require very deep insertion so that they don't fall out halfway through the night. The 34dB rating is laughable, even when fully inserted they block no where close to that level of sound.
My girl wanted this helmet because of the tiara but it came wrinkled ant without the red ornament. She was very disappointed.
I had to return, it did not adjusted well to the bottle..
Great smell and feeling of coolness on face after rinsing but way too caustic. Feels like cut glass.
The brush is too short and for whatever reason the bristles have fused/glued together and twisted below the cap. It's pretty useless now.
This is billed as a dual purpose key. I found it hard to use with a 1/4" chuck.
It is impossible to get the backing off most of these pieces. The largest ones I am most successful with but it is too much effort. The smaller pieces are unusable.
Just tried the suit out in the lake. Water does enter through the sleeves and legs as others have said so you will get wet wearing this and therefore cold in cold water. It doesn't have a skunk smell however. It is comfortable and easy to put on just not a best choice in cold water conditions.
Wanted a great bottle i could travel with. The size and color are great, but the straw does not stay attached and i have to constantly open the bottle and push the straw back into place. I have not put this in the dishwasher so it's not like i warped the plastic. Just poor quality control....
After few times use, it doesn't work, so disappointed
I absolutely loved this little thing! It was exactly what I was looking for on my 6 day, 600 mile trip. The problem was the mount on the handlebars was way too weak and it fell off constantly. By day two a bump in the road sent it flying down a cliff and I never saw it again. If it were attached better, though, it would be a steal.
The app is very buggy. Have to restart the tablet to get it to function sometimes. I have also had issues with orders being place unintentionally.
Quality of sound is great but the microphone doesn't work at all for me and am having a very difficult time fitting into ear
Not very happy with it since the handle keeps rotating while sawing thus altering the cut pattern and there is no way to lock it in place!!!
Way too violent for me. Others may like this type of stuff but not me.
Good size, good concept. My shepherd loved chewing it, but it took less than 20 minutes for him to love it to pieces. Even with more time-limited and supervised chewing, I don't think this product is durable enough to be chewed on long enough to actually clean my dog's teeth, even with toothpaste applied.
Purchased these for a boy scout troop. Used the jugs for one 2 day camping trip and one of the jugs are leaking on one of the seams. Very disappointed with the product.
I purchased this headlamp to use nightly for about ten minutes each night. I was initially pretty happy with my purchase. The pros are the cost, comfort, and the design is pretty cool (light is able to rotate down and up). However, this lamp eats through AAA batteries like crazy. I was changing the batteries every week. Also, the light goes dim or shuts off completely when it is very cold - below 20 F. Also, I dropped the headlamp from a distance of about four feet onto the ground and the headlamp clasp completely broke. The light also is not that bright compared to other headlamps.
3/12 did not work. Very disappointing as they were for a bday party and 3 kids didn't have working glasses for the laser light show. The kids liked the ones that worked.
UPDATE: the company reached out and made it right with me. Very impressed with the timing it took for them to make it right! When I opened the box I was surprised by the quality of the item. So I got putting my Apple Watch plug in it right away. After using this teeny tiny little wrench to get it all together both plugs that it came with DONT work. So frustrating!!!! Now I have to find that tiny wrench and take it all apart again and put in my original charging cords. Very disappointed that it's not even usable until I fix it.
Great light but it came loose and fell off after only a few rounds. Remounted as tight as I could get it and still only lasted a few rounds before it loosed up again. Velcro that holds the remote button was a little weak in my opinion. I'll just add it to my pile of hand flashlights.
I've been playing this game for four years. I love it BUT there are issues. After it glitching out non stop for several days, I sent a complaint to customer support. No reply and no help. Otherwise, this would've been a 5 star. And yes, I've checked if it needed an update, restarted and my WiFi is just fine. All of my other apps and games work great.
I really wanted to love this pop up tent. I was like a kid on Christmas morning opening it up. But that excitement quickly turned to sadness once I realized one leg would not stay locked into place. Therefore, I'm sending this back today and hoping the replacement will work like a charm.
Gift cards are nice; but after calling Amazon a couple times before ordering one to ask questions, I was still disappointed. My recipient was overseas and could not find anything they would deliver there. They did give me my money back however.
Was excited at first. An T-shirt and pop combo. T-shirt fits! But pop does not glowing dark.
Anyone have issues with the refrigerator not really getting really cold? I mean the cans and bottles get somewhat cool but not cold like my kitchen refrigerator. Anyone have issues with what I have pictured?
It would be more fun if you won more bingo's
Effective, comfortable, and cheap until it snapped in two. This didn't last more than 20 times cutting the grass. I definitely won't buy again.
Probably ok but we also ordered a seat which came with necessary hardware, so we didn't need or use this. Unfortunately it cost almost as much to return it as it cost
does not seem to be very sharp
didn't like the cherry scent
For the price, it was good. BUT, I ordered a blue & they sent a purple. I ordered it for my daughter, who loves blue.
They fit fine. I was under the impression that they're supposed to be ultra warm socks.... that is really not the case. Some of my cheap socks do much better. I thought paying the amount that they cost was due to how good they're supposed to be.
Useless. The battery showed up but has no connector to actually plug into the controller--it just has the wires hanging out the end. After finding out that I need to get a xt60 plug to match the controller, I find that the only way to get these is to order them online (very few stores have them in stock and none in my area) which means that I'll either be waiting another week or buying them in bulk from Amazon
Don't buy this there's a reason a reason why they're that low of a price point I've been riding Skateboards for 12 years and I've ordered two packs of these and there's always that one wheel that's wobbly I put some high-grade bearings and it still doesn't ride smooth with these wheels.
I have been using the unit for several days and find it very unreliable in sunlight. Not only is it difficult to see the laser spot and read the dial but the measurements can be off by 1 ft in 40 ft. Incredible! I will very likely send it back. If you only do casual interior measuring it may be perfect for you but beware if you go outside to measure in the daytime, even in the shade. 4 days after the return period ended the screen stoped working. Down to 1 star.
Missing an important piece to attach the PJ Mask hologram thing on the front. Ruined Christmas for my son. He loved the bike but cried because it could not attach to the bike like the picture. 🤬
It was the kit I wanted but it didn't include the 10 mm socket that I needed. The description said metric and it came with SAE. I ordered a 10 mm socket from another vendor to complete the kit I needed. Disappointed to say the least.
Sadly, I did not open the box sooner; but the shipping box looked perfectly intact and great condition. When I opened it to wrap as a Christmas present, I discovered that there was NO packing in the box to protect the product. I plastic case of DVD's is cracked and broken with pieces. The DVD's have no way of even being held in that case.
After three weeks the cover is fraying at the edges. It's a nice looking cover but it's designed upside down and the material is deteriorating already.
Item is not as described. 4 1/2 inches instead of 5 1/2 inches.
Very cute but made no discernible difference to my eye bags.
Chromecast is not working...
So, I was all excited to get this kit home and literally start using it right away, only to have my friend notice the drawer was sagging on the right side (see picture). I look inside and see there is a part which has come off and is just sitting in there. I'm generally pretty handy, so I figured I'd just take it apart and reinstall the part. Well, no dice! It was impossible to get the drawer to release so I could get inside. The left side would release, but not the right. Now I have to send this entire thing back and cross my fingers than round 2 doesn't have the same poor quality control. Ugh. Still, its a good buy for all the parts, but unfortunately I never got to even turn it on. Darn it!!
This tarp looks great and is large, but is almost impossible to put up. I am an experienced camper and could not get this up with the help of my two children. The poles do not hold the tarp upright when staked. Maybe if you planted them in the ground it would work, but we have not been able to do it.
The Phillip's head is poorly machined and doesn't fit many screws. The flat heads are equally useless because they are too close to each other. It's also heavier than I expected. It's very poor for the tasks it's advertised to do and doesn't make sense to EDC.
The two pieces of plastics that binds all the tools together are flimsy and will fall apart.
6 months into ownership, but not 6 months of use and I now have a problem with the trigger. It has a mind of its own and decides when to shut off during use. Have to play with forward/reverse switch to coax it back on. Going to check into warranty. Otherwise this would be a great tool...compact and powerful. Sent it back to Milwaukee under warranty. Received it back in about a week. Shipping was free both ways, but the drill is still defective. The chuck randomly stops turning while drilling or screwing. Will call Milwaukee again, but this is turning into a real bother. I should have stuck to Dewalt since none of my Dewalt tools have had a trigger problem. Sent it back to Milwaukee again. This time it came back in working order. A nice tool otherwise...and even better if you don't have to have it refurbished twice.
This game really could be amazing it if were not for the fact that they shove ads down your throat so frequently. This is clearly nothing more than an attempt to annoy people into paying to remove ads. This tactic had an alternate effect on me however... I uninstalled it. If you like getting ads after almost every other round, go ahead and download this, otherwise, don't bother.
Way too expensive for what we received. I should have made this myself. Under-filled and smaller than expected. Gave it 2 stars because kids still like it.
These as well as every other Chinese seeds ( I ordered around 9 different flower varieties) Came in packed in a small clear bag with NO LABEL to tell you what package you received. As if you have the ability to tell by looking at the seed. Some did come with a small 1 inch x 8 inch or so printed paper that the broken language didn't make sense.. I'm posting this on every package I purchased because even though they didn't come from the same seller, they all came in looking the same... CHEAP purchase but very frustrating if you intend to keep your varieties sorted. Oh yes, some varieties sprouted but NOTHING has bloomed..
Didn't like how it played
First of all, the sizing on these is absolutely insane. I have fairly average sized feet, I wear a 9.5 shoe. These things are a chore to get on they are so tight. Once they're on, the stitching around the toe is very pronounced and goes right across the front of your toes and overlaps on the side, which means you really feel it when your foot touches the sides of your shoe. Secondly, I don't believe the material listing is correct. I bought these as they are listed as being mostly synthetic which should prevent balling on the heel, a problem I've faced with non synthetic socks. One pair that I've worn a whopping 3 times already has significant balling on the heel. I bought these socks at the same time as some synthetic Adidas socks to see which were better, and the Adidas socks show no sign of balling on the heel. Would not buy again.
I used to have a different backpack, smaller yet it carried, I feel, the same as this backpack. It's design with thin plastic compartment dividers makes it difficult to get to the things one has stored away. Other than that, it's just another backpack to me, no different than the previous for such a price.
Great idea, flawed execution: I tried to wrap this tightly around the vertical pillars and horizontal shelfs of my Gorilla shelving, and it just didn't work. It's impossible to wrap it tight enough to get a solid grip, and I had to use lots of duct tape to secure it and even then, it was wobbly and impossible to aim the camera with precision. Am sending it back for refund.
This app restarts it's self mid game, every single time I play it. Rarely can find a 'connection' on it's own, I always have to start another internet based app prior to opening this one, it required a network connection to the internet to play it. Frequently gives 'unlimited' play, and the end of it's 10 puzzle cycle, never at the beginning, at the end of the 10 puzzles you must wait 3 days to play the next 10 puzzles or buy in.
Poor fit. They're very long but very tight around the belly and chest. My daughter is very slim and we can barely zip it up, mostly we don't because it's so uncomfortable.
Butt still hurts, just not as much.
My unit was dead on arrival and did not come included with a battery, as is stated in the description. I thought it may be a faulty ground, so I removed the magnet jammed down in the base and voila, light works. Not super happy and it's kind of hard to recommend this light considering the quality control. 2 stars since it was an easy fix.
After 1.5 years of minimal home use, the inside shelf just dropped to the bottom. The tool box is not sturdy or durable. I will not buy this again.
One worked,. When I used the first one up and tried to use the second one no spray comes out. I would like a refund.
The name is deceiving, I should have read into it a little deeper but this is not a blanket and is nothing like a blanket. It is just a rectangle cut out of the same material a tent Is made out of and very thin. I bought this so the baby and I can sit out under the grass but ther material it is made out of is not comfertable and is more of an annoyance to both of us. Water proof yes.
These work all right, not as clean as I had hope for but OK. The packaging was horrible! Basically, all the stamps were just floating around in the plastic envelope in which it was sent. The cardboard box total ripped up and the blue plastic storage box broken on one side. Luckily there were all there but this is a mess. Two stars because they work OK, but the odds of getting a complete set seem low when packaged like this.
Bought this for my office. The first one came defective upon delivery, so Amazon sent me a new one. I have loved it since buying in Oct 2018, but unfortunately, this past week, the refrigerator died. The manufacturer has an 18 month warranty, but it is "carry-in" only, which Canada and Ohio are too far for me. For the price I didn't expect extended life, but a couple year would have been cool.
do not see a difference .... grate scrub though , but it was not worth the 7 buck.... Nope , Nope.
Was good while it lasted.. I bought another orange one from another company and it lasted about a month as well ,returning both
This product shows "with bio-gel", it does not contain bio-gel. You must add it yourself. Aside from the confusion of the photo, the product works well. It's a nuisance to have to add bio-gel yourself, when you expect it from the advertised photo.
I purchased copper. I have "dishwater blonde" hair (aka medium-lightish brown) that kind of has a silvery sheen and I wanted to make it more brown with a reddish tint. I first did a 50/50 mix of this conditioner and my conditioner (like the instructions say you can) and left it on for 10 minutes and saw no results. I then did 100% Keracolor conditioner and left it in for 10 minutes and STILL saw no results. Then, finally, I left the conditioner in for 30 minutes and saw barely noticeable results. The only thing I really can tell is that when light hits my hair, it has a reddish sheen, but that's really it - overall, its the same color. I'll probably use this once a week and leave it in for 30 minutes to maintain the color, but I have no plans to buy it again. I have a feeling this stuff works better on pre-treated hair (as you you've had it actually dyed or bleached), which makes the hair more porous so it absorbs the color better. I have "virgin" hair, so I feel like that has to due with my lack of results. On the positive side, after leaving this stuff in my hair for so long, it looks and feels great! its definitely a good conditioner. Lastly, I have dandruff so I find myself scratching my head a bit, unfortunately. This has resulted in the tips of my fingernails being dyed copper. It doesn't wash out, either.
Had to return, they wouldn't stay in ears.
Hard to mount - blows off.
This was an Amazon recommended product to go with my new Kindle Fire 7. Very disappointed. With my old Kindle, the cover was of magnetic fit, very substantial, and able to support my Kindle either upright (portrait) for reading, or horizontal (landscape) for games or movies. This Fintie cover only supports the new Kindle 7 in horizontal position. Additionally, the wedge portion has to be pushed back to for a solid base; otherwise, there is no support. Easy to tip forward and absolutely useless for reading purposes - like when the Kindle is held like a book. Might work OK for watching a movie, but I use my Kindle for reading and Internet surfing. Would NOT recommend and would NOT buy again.
Does not work do not like it
I like the plug phones just fine they just didn't last very long for the money.I have used for a short period of time and one side quit working.
Great looking flask but the plastic cap is extremely susceptible to stripping, which then makes the flask useless. I had this for about 3 months before I stripped the cap and it became impossible to open without a wrench, so basically useless. Metal on plastic design usually does not work well when combined. I have a Stanley all-plastic flask and it is much better - not as cool looking but is much more durable and have had for years with no issues.
Very small and not the best material.
I could be an idiot and not know how to use this thing but stud finders are pretty self explanatory and easy to use.. all i know is i hammered nails where it said to right in the middle every time and those nails slid out like the walls husband just came home...
Tends to leak at least once a week. Not impressed.
It gets job done, however doesn't stay on long enough, something dealing with the manufacturer
I had to return these pants as the waist was too tight. Otherwise, I had no problems with it and liked the pockets.
Liked the way they look but both the temples broke off within a week. Now I understand why they include replacements.
My hair feels dry after using ,plus so much dye (purple) comes out it gets all over My blonde doesn't seem any brighter
way too tight for arms and legs
Parts was dirty and rusty
I have bought an exercise bike, and also order that seat cover. Unfortunately, it cannot be installed over the existing bike seat since it's too small.
It's t-shirt thin. I went to try it on and it didn't fit over by breasts. I usually wear a large and its baggy...this one was so tight.
Board is nice but all 8 deck screws are stripped out. I gave it to my son (Who weighs 60 pounds) today for his 10th birthday. He bright it to me 30 minuets later saying it was riding funny.
My son used this for approx. 5 months and it's got holes on the bottom fabric and sides (in various places). I would not spend $100 on a product that doesn't even last. Disappointed.
It lies there's only santa during December
I got these bits as I occasionally need to use them for projects. I'm a weekend wood warrior, so I figured - taking into account their decent rating - they should work for occasional use. Well, I broke two bits on one project just this last weekend. I was drilling pilot holes in an oak door, and both bits snapped - one snapped off in the wood and I couldn't get it out! Lesson learned; save your money and purchase a higher quality set, as I wish I had done.
This is not a review of the feature (like it a lot) but the disks itself. They are not multi format - just blueray. T
It was 10 bucks for a piece of paper that came folded with a crease. Honestly I could have went to hobby lobby and made something likewise but bigger n same price
These are great WHEN THEY WORK...and that's the rub....I've now ordered 4 of them and 2 have been returned for the same reason....they both worked one time...then both times the motor ran, but no lights.....again when they work...they're awesome I'll review them again later...
I thought buying a $17 ornament would be reflected in the value, but this looked like it came from a discount store. It wasn't awful, but definitely not worth it.
this is a very expensive product line and historically i have said it's worth it, but the price here is twice as much as my local pharmacy. i didn't realize it until the bottles arrived
Not for someone just starting to exercise.
It constantly turns black and show QLED. Oh my god, 2000 dollars of worthless TV now. Will never buy a Samsung again.
I love this but it's very heavy to carry around all day. I didn't expect it to be that heavy
Plenty of tools but the first time I used the telescopic screw driver, it came out and it won't go back in.
So disappointed that seller sent without any screws included!! Everything is unpacked and he asks me to rewrap and send back instead of just sending me the screws! Busy moms don't have time for this. Look for another seller
I ordered new was sent a beat up used one
Great product, makes eyes feel relaxed. Priced low. Only negative is lens coating is delicate .
They are cute but do not light up like the picture. Only the top part is the brightest. And they do not glow in individual colors. They are also battery operated.
Product appeared to have melted, then hardened back up. Difficult to separate from the wax backing.
We've tried these a few times and each time the tomatoes are a bit mealy and go bad pretty quickly
The pieces we received are just colored game pieces. Returning because this takes out some of the novelty and is not as worth the price. Also ordered as gift but the box was damaged so we kept it. We didn't even know the pieces were different until we opened it.
When watching a movie it works for about 40 minutes then locks up. I disconnected it and quit using it. It has issues.
These pants were not at all warm and I returned them.
Worked fine. After a couple uses, the rubber hose broke and the machine is useless.
The separate components of this knife are very difficult to open unless you have something thin to pry them up with. The knife is also much bigger and heavier than I thought it would be, but that's on me. The knife is almost useless to me (except the toothpick) because it is so stiff and so difficult to open. I have learned my lesson and will buy another Swiss Army Knife in a brick-and-mortar store so I can examine before I spend A LOT of money on one.
I wonder what the warranty covers. You need to read it before you buy. The cabinet is ok but flimsy, Oh well, more Chinese crap.
I've wasted tape. It gets tangled easily and once it sticks to your skin you can't shift or move it. The stickiness is gone.
Not super impressive and uninstalled it because of all the ads being just too intrusive.
This scooter keeps losing the wheels.
Fit well on first wear, but shrunk at least 3/4 inch in the sleeves and tail after laundered. Now I've got two of these going into the Goodwill bag. And not really chambray and not tough enough for any manual labor.
This was not a product I needed, or even one I wanted really badly. It was the amazon equivalent of the candy shelf in the grocery store check-out line. An impulse buy, in which you reason "This is probably junk, but there is a slight chance it might not be, and since it costs almost nothing, what do I have to lose?" Furthermore, I assumed that the little pencil sharpener built into it would be junk, and if that was its only flaw I wouldn't have held it against it. As for the rest, what could go wrong? If all it was was a designated spot for my tape measure and marking tools, I would have given it four or five stars, given what it cost. I applied my Harbor Freight rule; if it has no moving parts, its...probably...fine. Turns out I was wrong. The pegs that you insert into the pegboard were all different sizes, and two of them wouldn't fit. I could spend 15 minutes with a file and get it to fit, sure, but that's not the point. If this product was being sold for $30, but with a lifetime, no questions asked guarantee, I wouldn't have bought it because I don't value what it sets out to be highly enough. Maybe you do, in which case spending 15 minutes filing the pegs would be worth it for you. The question I thought I was gambling $7 on was "Will this be a useful way to store my pencils and tape measure?", not "Will this physically hang on a pegboard?" For me, life is to short to spend any of it screwing around trying to whittle this thing into something that MIGHT be a useful pencil holder.
Paper might be fine for sanding wood but I was trying to sand metal car paint. Sandpaper clogged easily and I spent the afternoon changing out in source of sandpaper after another. Cheap price and cheap results
the remote went out the second I got it but the buyer did give me my full refund back even after days of it being passed so wish the product was more reliable though because i love the ambient lighting.
this scooter is what your gonna get for 30$ the break burnt the wheel on the first day i bought it the brake should be rubber also its very short if your 5 feet or taller you should not get this scooter this scooter is for 6-8 maybe 9 but thats the max age its easy to turn but the brakes suck and very short and the bard are short to thats my opinion of it
Like other have stated, my 14 month old couldn't even move because his ankles were hitting the axles. So I modified it. Works great now.
The product worked great for 6 months and start leaking around the pump. We were using it for our grandchild that only weighs 35 pounds on ocasional bases.
I don't feel like it made a difference. I will probably just stick to running baking soda in my washing machine once in a while. I saw no difference using this product.
Although it does give a nice shimmer after applied, it is quite drying and the dispenser doesn't work well at all. Because it was so drying, I started mixing in a little of my cheaper Aveeno face lotion and then eventually realized I was just better off using the original Aveeno lotion to begin with. There are no lasting benefits. Sorry guys, but keep shopping.
Very disapointed with this product. The peanut butter is dried out and you can even hear it rattle in some of them. The pretzel isn't very tasty either. Not worth the price.
Glitches a lot, wish I had more options too
I was not impressed with this magazine. There is no substance to it - not really any articles to read. It's mostly pictures with some captions and some recipes. I bought the one issue to see if it was something I would want to subscribe to. I decided it's not.
Only good if your just using it to go driving and the your wheel is cold. Not good for anything else. Waste of money.
Leaks around edge's. If it doesn't leak only lasts for a week or two. Thought I'd found a good deal, got a lemon.
I used this backpack 9 times with the heaviest weight being a 500 ml water bottle. Unfortunately, the back shoulder strap began to pull away and fray on my 7th time of use. I only used this backpack on 3 trips for 9 days total. Seems like it should have lasted longer without issues.
does not fit. hard to put in. its so so
Perhaps I was expecting too much. These were disappointing. Does not cool or last as long as ice.
Hard to use for my 5 & 3 year old. They know how to work FaceTime easily but this app is a little more difficult
The description was wrong
I love the mascara, but the primer did not work for me. It gave me raccoon eyes shortly after application.
Cheap price, lousy at least for me,not very sharp & didn't take new edge well. Sharpened many before but didn't cut well. Hopefully better for others
The outer shell of these feel too stiff and rough to me. Also I'm 5'4” (so average height for women in the US) and have well-proportioned torso and legs, but I had to put the straps on as long as they could go, and the torso still felt like it was too short (but the legs were a perfect length). Might be okay for someone with a short torso if they don't mind the roughness and stiffness of the material. I didn't wear them in the snow so I can't comment on their water resistance, and I'm returning them.
It started ripping after about 4 days of use.
Battery stopped lasting 12 hours after about 5 months, right earpiece stopped making sound after 10 months. Does make it through 8 hours still at 10 months. Wish I had gotten a warranty, might have to go through state laws to get a refund or replacement.
poor design the snaps are not attached well
Glitches in level 7 can't play past that. Waste of money. Wish I had my 1.99 back.
They are advertised as fitting up to size 16. I am a size 12 shoe size and they are too small for me. I would not recommend this brand.
Bought this &had to return.
NOT AS FRESH FOR EATING.....
Warranty will be over before i use it
The product is a rust on the first use. You have to make sure you dry them very good. If not they will rust.
The sleeves are to long and big. It's short as well.
Dont like it, feels very cheap and broke easily...
Backpack was decent enough but about half way through my first hike with it my back suddenly felt all wet. Checked it out and the water bladder had been leaking the whole time and was about halfway empty. Not ideal by any means but luckily it was a trail that I wouldn't need the whole amount, or pretty much any water because I poured it out so my backside wouldn't get soaked. Considered keeping the pack for the insulation and just getting a new bladder but ultimately purchased a Camelbak and donated the pack. The bladder went in the trash.
This is ok... just ok. The material is awesome, the print nice and the idea is inspired but the execution is poor at best. Forget this being even remotely a functional poncho, the snap together hood is ridiculous and could have been fantastic with just a tiny bit more effort and thought. As it stands, if it rains and you have one of these, just hold it over your head, dont bother trying to sort out the hooded poncho. Its a nice picnic blanket... for $80.00.
Glue sticks went yellow in tint after some time and they smell really bad when used. Will never buy these again!
Needed them for lab they came super fast but the quality is sooo bad and they are cheap looking. They will get the job done.
One of the corners doesn't light up completely like the others. Not really a great product. Wouldn't waste money on it again.
I cannot recommend this product, , this product's sizes are not as stated. They run small and you risk stripping the bolt heads.
The product was to expensive. Taste was no better than Jiff.
No information on the app to know if it was working. Not sure how it is different from the device you're using telling you the level volume.
You can get a similar shirt at Walmart for $7 and at the same quality. Nothing about this product stands out to be better in anyway.
The good is that once you put your PCs in there then you are good to go. The bad is that you can't store the monster names or NPC names for the future. I tried putting all the monsters in there and you can, but you can't just pick the monsters out for just that combat...they get lumped in and if you dont give them an initiative score if defaults them to 0 and they are part of the combat...so you either have to ignore them or put them in at the time of that combat which is time consuming. Also there is no option that I can find for when someone delays or readies an action.
It really doesn't provide much padding. It's slightly better than having nothing, but I wish I would have spent a little more and went with something else. I still had to buy a gel memory foam pad.
Weak....had to tighten by ratchet Battery life is short
Not real happy with the color. It's supposed to be blue (Sharks colors) it's green and unfortunately I gave it as a gift without checking the color.
works as advertised but the battery life last about half of a day or so. would be better if battery last at least 3 days or longer.
When driver called for gate code, he was not professional and rude
Solid quality replacement Cycle Torch Headlight Brackets, however, to charge a customer a whopping $9 for two simple rubber bands is ludicrous and unnecessary. We ordered these thinking there would be a package of at least half a dozen for this price, not just two. That's our fault. What's Cycle Torches fault is charging such a ridiculous amount. This is what leads to customers to turn elsewhere when considering purchasing a Headlight in the future. We love the Cycle Torch brand, but this action may have lost our future business.
The color in white Part turned a brownish color!
Lid started leaking fluid from the side within 1 week of use. Turned lid off and on multiple times to make sure thread was on properly but still leaked.
Seems marginally functional but cheap and chintzy. Feels like $15 is $12 too much. I don't expect it to be long-lasting.
I was surprised that it didn't come charged or with the pre or post creams as advertised and on box. Disappointed.
Worked fine initially but they break after a week. I used them on some reading glasses with a heavy black frame. Took some stretching to fit, I guess the tension was too much. They are silicone and have to be stretched over the ends. They did do a pretty good job keeping the glasses from slipping although there was still some of that to put up with.
Already ripping after 4 months of normal use. I carry a Lenovo 15.6" laptop, a mouse and various small items. Not worth the money! **Update** I called about the backpack and Calloway Golf honored the warranty, no questions asked. It took roughly 4 weeks to receive my new backpack. Excellent customer service.
It smells good but i don't feel it keeps me real protected.
As the title states, I had the foot warmer on high for about 30 min, the base inside, which emits heat, was BARELY warm to the touch. It's definitely better than nothing, but I'd say overpriced by about $30. WILL NOT buy again.
The pineapple is crunchy as if it is raw. The lime jello tastes fine, pineapple not fine. It was not what I was expecting.
This site used to be about writers now it's about making a buck.
Tips turn during use, preventing the c clips from contracting enough to remove.
The tools themselves are ok. Very clean compact tool. Despite tightening several times (with another multitool), this tool was lose every time I opened my saddle bag to use it. It finally fell apart after 6 months and 3 or 4 uses.
REVISED- After just a few months, the handle broke off with normal wear and tear. My son (5th grade) wanted an igloo lunch box. This arrived and well, it was WAY to big for that purpose. My husband on the other hand decided it was just right for him as he takes lunch and water bottles and snacks. Nice product and good compartment for dry items.
Not sure what it is, but these just didn't taste right. I would not recommend buying them.
Smaller than I thought and ouch- not too comfortable
They advertise this as prime so you think you will get it in one to two days. After day 3 I called amazon and they don't stock these gift cards in their warehouses so it usually takes 5 days to receive. I missed all my friends birthdays because of this. Shouldn't be listed under prime
Tried to use this device to play 4k video, very sluggish, almost stop and go, have to return it.
There's alot of good Sci-fi movies which is out there including some really great classic movies unfortunately this channel just have a very few. I am glad the channel is free, however if it had some of my favorite movies l wouldn't mind paying a monthly subscription.
I just got this movie to have the whole collection of the Rocky movies...but I have to say... this one is the worse one...well at least now we have them all... Rocky forever!
Really, really BIG. If you carry more than four plastic cards and some cash it becomes so bulky that it's uncomfortable.
Firstly, the picture of the guy shoveling snow with it is 100% unarguably photoshopped proof is in its description. The pic shows a shovel at least twice it's actual size. The entire thing isn't even the full length of my arm (shoulder to wrist) and the fire stick is a joke. The rod is a piece of metal painted black never got a single spark. The whistle is poorly made and needs a substantial amount of breathing force to get a sound, and it's plastic. The screw holding the head on doesn't hold that well, and lastly, the screw mounting the knife into the handle is also plastic and I predict it won't be too good if needed to be also, saw blade on the back of the knife blade will never be sharp, teeth are round and painted. To sum it up, neat idea but poor design. Very cheaply crafted and is by no means suitable for being a long lasting tool in general let alone one that can stand up to the demands of being a survival tool. I do not recommend this tool to anyone who plans to actually use it
Peppers came squishy and rotten
They should have written down what the material the blade is used for. Cutting wood or metal
Update: I only use for driving and I bought these March 14th and the are starting to come apart in a couple of places. It's a shame because they are Comfortable to wear hours at a time
This looks amazing as it is slimmer and dressier than the traditional blaze band! Unfortunately, it is cheaply made and broke within 1 month. Don't waste your time.
Overpriced, too small of pieces mainly crumbs. Some bags are fresh some bags are dry.
it was damaged and skipped on several selections
Looks great, however, it is difficult to put on as no instructions are included.
Headline says it all
This grip does not fit Taurus 66 out of the box. I needed to remove a bit of wood with a small chisel, from the inside of the grip, to get all the surfaces to sit flush. It's a nice grip but be prepared to do some work.
The screw driver heads are too thick... they don't fit the very narrow screw slots that one finds in EVERY watch.
They don't hold as strong as some others
Tested torque wrench for accuracy against a calibrated digital torque tester, found accurate. The downside to this torque wrench is the gear teeth, I found using the torque wrench the teeth slip at the high range when tightening.
Seems great, but I never received it.
The nozzle would stop working at times and would spray out constantly.
Bought 4 tires, three were from early 2019 and one was from March 2018. I wouldn't buy from them again.
I'm not sure this product works or didn't work. I've been using it almost daily but do not see a noticeable difference in the amount of frizz - my hair is still a little frizzy when it air dries. It doesn't smooth and I'm not sure if it speeds up drying time either. I can't tell the difference of when it didn't use this product before although I don't necessarily think it's worse than other hair serums I've used.
It is just like most phone games. It lacks any interesting plot line or reward. It's not engaging and the graphics are atrocious.
Very soft, big, and roomy. Does not go down to the advertised grade. We took it out in 50 degree F conditions and were freezing all night. Returned it. Could be a good option for camping in a place where it stays warm all night.
do not know do not remember getting it
Doesn't keep cans cold for very long. It floats well. I probably wouldn't buy again.
Got a size bigger for comfort and it's still way to small. Sizing is a little out of order. They would be comfy if I could wear them. Returning and maybe getting another bigger pair.
inconsistant results. amazon tech chat unable to resolve issues. Did not find identified stud in the same place 4 times out of 5.
I like the game, but don't like how it seems geared to having to constantly pay money to be able to complete the missions. I refuse to put out real cash to advance with a game.
My bike was stolen last night. It's easy to use, but it's easy to get cut.
First of all, it was unclear to me before I bought them, that I was buying a pack of 8. I bought 2 thinking I was buying 2, not 16. I could see the usefulness, so I kept them. The first time, it worked great. But you need to somehow keep it in boiling water but where it doesn't touch any part of the pan that is keeping the water boiling, as the directions say. They melted. Useless. I have been trying to stop using plastic, but I thought these would last a long time and would be worth it. They are not. A hot water bottle is a much cheaper and better investment.
once it gets to the point where you can't win unless you by helps, I delete it.
You buy a cutting jig to make sure everything is aligned and centered. Very annoyingly, this jig was NOT centered, and I ended up drilling the latch hole offset in the door. Fortunately, it still works, but problems like this are why I bought a jig to begin with!
I do enjoy this game. However, it keeps resetting to the very beginning, starting over. Pretty frustrating.
Battery received within 24 hours after ordering: KUDOs to Amazon! - Regarding Product: prior to use, battery was charged on a Ryobi 40v OEM unit to full. Operating a Ryobi 40v jet fan blower, 30 minutes run time was observed which was less then an OEM battery of lesser wattage. During the use, the battery cut out intermittently-causing the blower to cut in/out of operation. Based on the inconsistent performance, battery was returned. IMHO I would stick with Ryobi batteries. Also note: for all 18v and 40v Ryobi batteries, it is recommended not to run them down completely before recharging. Doing so will cause the Ryobi chargers to go into a "safe" mode shutting off the charge to the battery.
smaller than expected
Very pretty, but not very sturdy. Only had a couple of weeks & broke in half while I was wearing it :(
It was a little too yellow for my liking. And the links were so tiny.
very small and cheaply made
Light did not work,had to return,not if I'll reorder
I had issues with it stingy my skin. I tried using it on my face on three different occasions thinking that it was from something else until I finally realized that it was in fact this product. I must be sensitive to it or something. It is great on my hand but it just makes my face feel like it is on fire.
It goes into freeze mode a lot and then back to the fire stick home page. I will be canceling this app.
My 12 year old son bought this to furnish his room as a "hang out" for him and his friends. This was a great, inexpensive option for him and upon receiving it he absolutely loved it! Unfortunately, after 2 1/2 months of light to moderate use the seam separated and the part you sit on is now deflated. I am going to try to melt the seam together carefully, but we are very disappointed.
Two starts because when you remove the bottom part, your tap will still not charge when you sit it back on the charger, the case still goes around the bottom which is enough for it not to touch the charger's contacts. You can lift it a bit so it sits in, but this beats the whole purpose of the product.
Did not work for my purposes so I uninstalled.
Pretty noisy and made my MacBook Pro go crazy while charging for some reason. Didn't hurt it from what I can tell just couldn't use it while charging which is pretty inconvenient.
This cover says it glows but it does not glow.
Several were bad - I was not pleased
Nice color. Very small. I'm 5'3” 120 athletic build. Normally a size 2. The small is ridiculously tight.
The product was all chipped off. I don't see the worth in this product. Save your money, this isn't worth it.
I purchased this beanie after reading reviews and how even people with large heads achieved total ear coverage. That was not my experience. This beanie covers half my ears and feels tight. I have a buzz cut too so the fit has nothing to do with me having a full mop on top. I boght an effective beanie at Walmart for under $3.00. My head isn't huge but i normally buy an extra large hat. This beanie did keep my head warmer than nothing at all but it is a disappointment because it leaves my ears out in the cold. Literally.
Although I cannot speak of the image quality, the TV's outer hardware itself is sturdy and doesn't feel cheap and the remote has a pretty satisfying click to it. Sadly, when our TV arrived the entire screen was destroyed despite there being no external shipping box damage. We've ordered a replacement and I will update this review when it arrives, however it's still rather irritating that I'll have to go through the return process in the first place. I don't necessarily think Amazon is at fault, but I do believe the carrier (UPS) was very careless with handling the package that was very clearly marked to contain a large TV.
Used this hose sparingly in the last year or so until yesterday it split under neath the rubber protector at the end of the hose. If it split any other place then I would feel that it was my fault. Must not be as good of material as claimed.
Would probably work if you put it next to you bed but even then, it might just keep your face cool. Waste of money. Will have to donate since the return window passed.
I didn't realize I ordered 2 but also these disks on both sets were disgusting and have horrible spots and damage all over them, going to try to clean and maybe buff them and see if the disks play. But I love dream of Jeannie and my son thinks she's just a hoot :) watches with me often!
The series it self yes great but the quality of the DVD is subpar. This the second time I ordered it from Amazon. First order was unwatchable.
It looks nice and I am able to use my phone and all that. But it definitely does not keep me warm. Even in slightly cold weather it does not work and I feel better without the gloves.
This my third bottle from this company, this one does not stay cold, sweats a lot and has a metal taste to it. I'm wondering if this is defective or if this particular one is not as insulated? I have loved this product for three years but I'm disappointed in this product. I would love any feedback from the company or others.
Bought seasons 2 and 3 from two different sellers and strangely enough, they both look used even if the box was sealed. The discs and case had oily fingerprint smears
It worked surprisingly well diving in a murky river. I don't care for the switch, a switch on the tail would be better. I could also do without the strobe feature or at least a way to go from high to low without activating strobe. On land the light has an annoying halo at the end of the beam. I didn't notice this underwater. The button went missing underwater after several uses rendering it essentially useless.
Not what I expected for the amount paid for. The case is very flimsy and supplies look from the .99 cent store.
Light not bright enough even after charging them for a while. I regret buying these a bit. One fell on the ground and fell completely apart.
Don't remember getting this game!
My son's cradle cap has not gone away, but this shampoo is very gentle and good for new borns.
Very disappointed. This size is made to get close to scalp. So surprised when the last 3" where the plates are was so hot on the outside it burns. Even the rubber finger grips get extremely hot.
It is way less expensive than the Amazon branded case, but it broke in several places after only 5 months. No hard falls or drops, it just broke. I guess you get what you pay for....
Not what old school strike anywhere matches used to be. They work, but just not the same
This is the second mitt I purchased. The first one got a hole in it after a few uses. The second one ripped on the side after two times of use and can no longer be used. Don't waste your money.
Nice headband, however, didn't stay on my head. I have a difficult time finding headbands they stay put on my big head...Headband not for me
it is a good looking microwave, It is the 4th GE we have owned and self installed. wether to save on weight or manufacture cost, the casing is tinny.the packaging does not have as much solid styrofoam packing. which led to dented and twisted casing which had to be straightened out before install, but did affect it and the rotating of the exhaust fan for internal venting. I am guessing this is what happens when GE out sources their production to asia.
The cap fits pretty well and it is warm. The clasp on the chin strap is a buckle-type rig to allow adjustment of the length of the chin strap. The buckle doesn't grip the chin strap well and the strap slips out of the buckle. I bought this cap to wear when I am out blowing snow on my garden tractor. I haven't lost it yet but am concerned I could in blizzard conditions. I wouldn't buy one until that is remedied.
Zipper broke on one of them first use
Nice looking, well constructed, but unfortunate design. I bought the medium size and installed it close to the bottom of the bike seat, as shown in the pictures. Then I found that I can't zip and unzip the opening because it's too close to the bottom of the seat. I had to install it loose, hanging an inch or two below the seat, in order to use the zipper. Now it takes two hands to zip and unzip the opening and it doesn't seem very securely attached, swinging side to side too much for my preferences.
Does not fit the 20 gallon, but it fit my 45 gallon---so I could use it still.
Love this knife except the rubber cover the handle wears off very quick, especially if it an every day carry like it was for me.
Not the best for an everyday use. No spring in the middle, so you have to open and close them yourself.
Gloves look ok, but arrived defective on both hands
this is a ridiculous costly price for a few tablets
Dries too wuickly. Buy the cheaper generic. Works much better
Fun game. My daughter likes it. Just wish she could play all the games without having to pay in app purchases.
The laser is WAY off. The bottom plate has a stripped screw that leaves marks in everything I cut. I wish I would have used it before my return window closed. I hate it. Edit... Tack life sent me a replacement. Thank you.
Stopped working after about an hour of usage
I have removed this from my PC. To many issues with it. Would not recommend.
The connector would not connect. We ended up fighting with this thing for along time then hammering it together. It still isn't fitted right but it works for the peddle cart we put it on. I followed what little directions there were but the pieces just didn't fit together properly.
it leaks around the drain plug!
Very pretty, but magnets were not strong enough to hold the stand in place. The auto sleep/wake function did not work at all. I was really bummed because I really liked the design. Returned.
Difficult to open cans with this.
Setup is not user friendly and there's many better apps out than this
Ordered Large size, medium was delivered. How much difficult is it to ship the right size?
Cheap product is not built well at all will never buy one of these again runs hot very quickly
Bottom part of the outer plastic was open. I didn't even get my poster or my postcard with this, assuming that it fell out.
I give 2 stars as the motor worked but the propeller is very flimsy and we already need a replacement - Contacted the maker of the motor and THEY DO NOT SUPPLY ANY REPLACEMENT PROPELLERS FOR THIS MOTOR - IT IS NOT EVEN AN OPTION! Customer service not helpful!
The time it saves you, you have to spend bending the metal back into place
after a year turned to mush, lost all elasticity.
Instructions seem as if maybe they were supposed to been for one of there other models, just wrong information...
The one I recieved was dented and beat up. Hardly acceptable. Had sticker residue all over it as well. Thankfully amazon has fantastic return policies. Easy peasy.
I like that I only have to pump a couple times to get my 2.4" 27.5 mtn bike tires up to desired pressure. BUT, the gauge on this pump is wrong. My digital pressure gauge reads 19, the gauge on this pump reads 12. No way to calibrate this pump?
The adjustable metal won't stay form in place which is difficult to use. Junk
The product was broken after a couple times used... and I don't know how to fix it..
I didn't like this product, it smells nasty, it's sticky and it didn't leave any shine in my hair. I wouldn't buy this product again.
Product not sealed with any kind of Protective safety seal around the bottle or under the cap. Can't use
Terrible. By the end of the series I was weeping in agony from the sameness of the characters roles.
Product arrived damaged and I was not able to try it.
Kind of bulky for a sleeping pad and deflated almost instantly. Also took FOREVER to inflate. Maybe I got a dud but not appropriate for the price
With such great reviews, I was hopeful, but this is not a good quality DVD player. The screen looks terribly washed out, even after trying to darken and adjust contrast; the volume doesn't go very loud, so it's hard to hear in the kitchen (where so usually use my portable player when I'm baking); and it doesn't save you place on the disc when it powers off, so you have to fast forward to get to your spot. Overall, this is very meh. Returning it to find something better.
There are studs all on the inside of the box which is not in the picture. The studs stick up and are not even spaced evenly.
Receive in a timely manner. Controller (keyboard) works fine but battery slips out of compartment. Have to keep opening back panel to push battery back in place. Light on box stays on until I manually turn off, no sleep mode that I've found. It doesn't recognize my external memory plugged into it. It worked fine in my old system. Would return but long process so not sure if I'll return or not.
I've had this cap for about 4 months now and it already freaking ripped. My OG cap lasted YEARS and went through a lot compared to this crap. I had to buy this cap because I had no other choice and I seemed legit. Turns out it's not the best, disappointed with how easily/fast it got messed up. With a product this cheap I feel like I deserve a refund. SMH
It seemed like a nice little DVD player but then it started acting weird...sometimes it turns on and sometimes it doesn't...even when it's fully charged and it never turns on if plugged in. Maybe I got a fault one but it's frustrating for the price that I paid! the picture is good.
Kind of small. The measurements made it seem bigger. The strap is not very sturdy and also a bit small.
I received fewer pairs of socks than my first purchase of the same product
I liked the quality of the bag. I did not like that it is tiny.
Picture quality was poor, blurry and grainy
I expected a lot from this product because it is definitely on the pricier side of other hairsprays sold on Amazon. Unfortunately, this product barely gives any volume. I did like the fact that it didn't irritate my scalp or make my hair feel crunchy, but kinda disappointed that the product had no effect.
Very tired, when you sit longer time
All of the characters paint was messed up, my child asked my happened to them. She will still play with them but not happy about the quality of the characters paint.
It doesn't sit still on my bike. Have to get one with a screw and drill it in.
It was a Stanley expected more out of it and I ordered 2 at the same time
I used a light that claims to be both LED/UV on this and and it just peeled right off in one full sheet. I'm not sure if it was due to the shellac or the light. My prep was impeccable but it didn't last. I'm not impressed.
The first problem I noticed out of box was that the spring hoops that give it its shape may be bent or not installed properly, causing the whole tent to remain in an awkward twisted shape when open. Tried flattening multiple times but no luck. It just doesn't sit nice and upright like the picture. Trying to get it folded back into its case was nearly impossible. I watched the video multiple times following his instructions exactly. It simply did not fold cleanly like the video. It ended up in a bulging mess that barely fit back into the case. Some reviewers appear to be happy with their tent so this one could have been a dud but I am not going for a replacement. Rarely do I return things but this item is going back.
Have to spend too much money to advance.
we have a freezer that is supposed to be self defrosting, but does not. gave these a shot and they did not help. However, it could be that whatever is wrong with our freezer is to blame, and not the mats.
This was a good light while it worked. After about two months stopped turning on. Then if it does turn on it just stops after a few minutes.
Very cheap, made in China tool. No comparison to Rigid, Reed and others. Not for trade use. May be fine for weekend warrior or occasional use. Quality corresponds to the price.
I don't mean to give the product such low stars. The workout probably works wonders if used right. 17 months post partum with a baby and trying to loose 20 lbs without leaving the house was what got me looking for something like this. I bought the weights and set my mind to it. But I couldn't keep up past 15 days or so. I just let go again. Was not enough for me to keep going. Depends on how you like to work out. I ended up joining kickboxing and that is what is working for me. The dvd workout itself is good. Has 3 stages that you work your way up to. I do not like that I can't just put on and start the workout but instead have to go through an introduction every time. Waste of time. Jillian Michaels is awesome though and her techniques definitely will give you a burn. Repetitive moves ina. Dvd bores me, I've discovered.
I was not a fan of this. It made my scalp itch and never fully cleaned my hair. I tried to use it a few times before I sent it back. It was horrible each time. It also did not help any of the brassy color in my hair. Which is why I purchased it. Stick to a good purple shampoo and conditioner. Leave this one alone.
The stick was way too stiff to be used on baby's skin! You have to press and rub really hard against the skin. I will use this on my skin but not on baby!
I am giving 2 stars because the actual belt cutter is great. The sheath however is terrible. It BARELY fit a small visor and does not even come close to fitting a full size truck visor.
I was so disappointed in this mascara. I really like Stila Products too, but it was just a clumpy mess on brush and hard to apply with the wand design. I had to be extra careful even just applying it because of how messy it was coming out of tube. Ended up returning it because Amazon is super great on their return policy on Prime items.
Not great movie choices.
The product itself is great, but it took longer than expected to arrive.
Still haven't received this item- taking forever, have no idea if it works or not
Product is fantastic. A little soap goes a long way. The scent is unlike anything I have ever tried. O have purchased this product multiple times. However, the most recent purchase arrived with a broken pump. This is the reason for the low score. Can a replacement be sent? If so this is an easy '5' star product.
Its small, it works but i dont think the heating is right.
Like: I was able to catch up on a certain show. (show watching for sure) Dislike: NO MOVIES 😢
Pls don't buy this product unless you want to replace it before you've had it a year,it is so bad...
Paid for it, didn't work on the devices I have except for the kindle. On the kindle it worked for awhile then wanted more money to move forward, plus it kept denying my password. It would take time to finally get the password accepted, but then it refused it again next time. If I paid for the app up front, why should I have to pay again and again to use it beyond the first level. It should have unlimited use in more than one language, but no I couldn't even get beyond level one in Spanish. Save your time and money for apps that actually work you might learn one language that way.
I don't think these were genuine Arteza sketchbooks, although I paid for them as if they were. Not what I was expecting and really disappointing. They were a last minute gift for someone so I gifted them anyway but it was a little embarrassing because they were completely blank on the front cover and looked like they came from a dollar store.
SUPER thin - much more than I was expecting. Yes, it is moderately warm but there is absolutely no cushioning. It's small and easy to carry but feels like a thin sheet on your body. Needed to add blankets to make it comfy. Won't buy again. The company contacted me to see if I was happy with the purchase. I told them my concerns over email. As a response, they sent me a link to the product description. Ummm...okay. Not helpful.
The one that I received leaked, but since I was in dire need of it, I was able to use the good parts of the new one to fix my old chuck. Otherwise I would have returned it! Not happy, but now my pump is back in action.
We got for Christmas and have only been able to use it for about 2 months and the gears have gone out in it.
The bottom strap does not hold tight and light rotates around the handlebar when you go on a rough road. After a week bottom strap fell off and lost, fortunately, I had it on hands when it happens and did not lose my light.
Concept is good but quality is low. I like that they fit snuggly but one of my yellow bins already broke while repositioning it, so the snug fit can be a flaw as well. I think I will stick with the metal pegs and just spray paint them black.
The green wrap around the knife wasn't very well made I had to bend it and put it back and it just looked kind of cheap and for somebody in the army and serve their country to get something like that was kind of crappy
Doesn't keep out allergens as I had hoped.
Ordered size 2X - 2X looked and fits like a medium, sleeves are too long body of jacket too small.
My fault; I didn't read the description carefully enough. It is a reader only. I thought it was an upgrade in specifics to my kindle fire. Wrong. But the ability to return it was great.
Good for parking lot, no good for trail ride , with even slight incline.
The music is great, but the titles are all (or mostly) off, not reflecting the actual track number in question. It reminds me of a high-school mix tape, not a professionally produced or distributed album.
Seemed good at first but then you wash it & it comes out wrinkled no matter what. It also burns with iron if your not very careful. I have always bought UA polos & now I remember why!
This bike is beautiful, but I had to spend over $80 to fix both wheels not including labor. Screws were bent and the bike was just very dangerous to ride if I just left as is. Very disappointed in this bike, I wish I didn't make this purchase, but I already invested into this bike. I still love the looks and how its a multi gear with a rack on the back, but it just sucks to receive it in such terrible condition. Be aware of bent/broken pieces. Safety first.
I do plumbing every day and I found it's not for every day use. You still need lots of space to operate even though the handles are shorter. Also mine broke after two days of use. I really hope for a better product then what I received.
hope they have an upgrade so I can continue using and not have to purchase a replacement.
I really wanted this reel to be good for me but it just wasnt well made. I went thru two of them and they both had the exact same issues immediately after usage. After my first day of using it, the crank started to whine and progressively got worse each time i used it to the point where it hurt my ears. The reel is just not smooth and the drag system is very difficult to adjust so constant backlash. Very frustrating when you are trying to actually fish. KastKing makes a decent product and I have been using them for some time now, but unfortunately this reel is not made well and i cannot give it a good review. The up-side to all of this is that KastKing has a great return policy and great customer service!
This Klein is smaller and I can feel the lesser quality in it compared to my old Greenlee. Mostly in the handle.
This was a great concept. However the item is not firm enough to keep tablet inside. Unfortunately it resulted in a cracked tablet.
These arrived on time. BUT the QUALITY is dreadful. My 79 year old husband wore them ONCE to shovel snow this morning. See the picture where the seam is ripping out. He is NOT hard on his clothes, HE is 79 afterall!!! What's more, they didn't heat. Certainly NOT WORK the EXCESSIVE price of $60. Don't waste your money on these. Now for the GOOD NEWS - the company is standing behind their product and issued a full refund. VERY PLEASED with their integrity.
I look this out on my night runs and it simply just wasn't bright enough to illuminate the path. I'd say if you already know the path and all its bumps and such then its bright enough help watch out for anything new to watch out for. However if you walking/running in an unknown area at night, it just isn't going to cut it.
I bought two of the razor two weeks later trikes one of them had a rear tire split in half. I called the manufacturer and was told not covered by warranty. Can't even order new wheels because there on back order. I wouldn't recommend anybody to buy this item there's no use because the warranty and quality isn't good.
PRODUCT WAS HALF EMPTIED WHEN IT CAME. THE CAP WAS NOT PROPERLY CLOSED.
Upgraded to this paid version for the meditations but those are not even included and must be purchased separately. Stick with the free version.
It's okay. But doesn't provide any more coverage, longevity, or better texture than Maybelline's Fit Me foundation - which is a third of the price and comes in many more shades
I could almost be really happy with this tool, but one of the main reasons I bought it was for the tweezers, I work with wood and wanted something to help take out splinters and the plastic tweezers were broken at the tip so they are useless, also both blades are very dull and only edged on one side so sharpening it isn't very easy or useful. All that being said, the magnifying glass and whistle and firestarter work amazing. But I am still dissapointed
This is not a good product to buy from Amazon because of the fact I had a return request or replacement I bought a warranty and Amazon or warranty department have not replied to my request yet it has been 3 days please do not buy this item
overall not happy with the result i've had the backpack for about 3 months and its falling apart on the inside
It won't even charge the battery up half way. Not worth the money at all.
It fit perfect and is also case friendly but there was this circle in the center top of the screen protector of the sticky side and did not come off without scratching the screen and was very visible on the phone so I was pretty disappointed I had to purchase another one from a different seller.
I can't get the colors I want except in a static mode. Strobe will only use white, Flash, fade and smooth seem to pick what ever colors they want and I can't change them. I have to be within 5' for the remote to work also. Not the best buy
I really wanted to like the picture I got but the quality was terrible. It came back super grainy and the quality of paper was card stock rather than photo paper. So disappointed because it's a super cool idea but looks as though I printed it myself on an ink jet printer at home.
Too narrow on a bike with 12" wheels making the bike very tip-prone. The 12" hole slots made the wheels too high, and the 16" hole slots put the back wheel in the air. Maybe it'll work on different bikes but it didn't work on ours.
I bought this wallet after my old wallet literally fell apart after about 8 years of use and abuse. I got it on the 17th of July, and as of today, the 6th of August, it already has torn on the outside. I have never got it wet, I have never done anything other than keep it in my pocket, and it's already starting to fall apart. If it didn't have lots of pockets and the like inside to make it convenient for carrying all the stuff I need, I'd have given this a 1 star rating. But I have to give credit where it's due, if the material were more sturdy, this would be a great wallet. It's a little big, but all things considered not bad at all. I'm just worried by next month there won't be anything left of it.
Description sounded great. Movie was horrible
This review is not about the movies. Harry Potter is fantastic and the books are better than the movies. My rating is on the video quality of the discs. There was a grainy appearance to the movies and, honestly, the looked and felt a little bootleg to me. I thought it was odd because I was trying to rent and stream the movie from amazon and amazon flagged the HP movies as not being able to stream at this time. So I bought the DVD pack, and the image quality did not seem to represent the quality I would expect from the original studio produced from the film masters. This was sold by Amazon.com Services, Inc. so I expected a bit more reputable supplier. However, I believe these are a copy of the originals.
it keep cutting out...
Pretty bright. Quality is clearly Chinese. Clip broke within a week. Little flaws in machining and quality would lead me to not purchase again.
I am really ready to ask Amazon for my money back on these Tablet's, Because I know longer log into my Microsoft Onenote and Onedrive with my Fire 7 Tablet. How come Amazon no longer support these app's? I like reading books. but I use this tablets for work and now I can no long use my table for the reason actually purchased it. SMH!!
May be a good app, but it is not user friendly and not clear as to what you are doing. At least not made for my level of technology.
Doesn't really endure much for heavy work. I work out on the ramp handling bags and it tore after a bout 2/3 weeks of wearing it. It might work for a less strenuous type of work.
Love this product but came to me broken with product leaking out. Not worth it to have to wonder if it going to make it you intact or not
Too tight. They are very thin and not very stretchy.
A dislike it being all crust open the only thing I like that you had plastic secured to secured on the inside but I'm not happy
Umbrella is not as big as I thought it would be and it has a plastic closing piece that makes it hard to close at times.
Got it mainly for The Mask and this was the DVD upon which it is recorded came defective.
Does not get progressively harder. Is quite easy may be better for ESL and grade school. If you play a lot of word games, this will bore you quickly. Ads occur after each screen played. Each screen takes about 10 seconds to complete. I played off and on for two days, hoping it would get better. It didnt.
Don't love the smell or texture. Waited too long to return and will use it all. Soundly but it again.
I know Carters easily shrinks but these were too small from the start. Horribly sized. Could barely use them once.
Pancake breasts. Lace is itchy. Small is too small for 32.
Do not last. 6 months in they won't hold charge. Stick to name brand stuff for serious use. Can't send back now. Just a $40 paperweight now. Thanks
The float that plugs the snorkel when you go under water plugs while breathing normally. It is a great concept and the Action Camera mount is great as well. I will be returning this and purchasing a different one that hopefully won't pug the snorkel with normal breathing.
I love the design of the bracelet! It's well made! The silver charms turned very quickly...I'm disappointed...
Ok game favors the no paying customers over the paying ones! The Tec people tell u to check this or that but they are just blowing smoke up your butt. Never seen a game where the support doesn't care for anything but getting that almighty dollar! Game is ok to play but gets tiresome losing all the time!
Love the portability of it but it is already rusting up.. so disappointed
The backpack was perfect and good quality but bag inside was horrible the first day I got it i went out for a hike with it and got water all over my back from the bag leaking , now I have to order a new one from a different company .
Realized this is missing a crucial piece of equipment to assist the front and back tie down system. The directions are poor and don't mention this ratchet. But having owned this item before, I remembered this necessary piece. Have to try to find this piece on my own now that the return window has closed by one day!
I thought I would like this. I did, but after the first day use the lining pulled away and started to fray. So, now it has a big hole. So, not so pleased with it now. I didn't want to pay the extra money for a travelon one, but I finally did as this one started falling apart. Am not happy with the hold up is this product.
The interface is clunky. But the really annoying thing is the menus are static and risk burn in on the TV. The small amount of information that is displayed should float around the screen and there should be a screen saver option. Also the cube should be able to read me a book through the stereo without turning the tv on at all.
I tried a few pens this is the worst one only worked for a week then it no longer would write on anything and they do not include replacement ink
This is one game I could not get into it to play.
These don't have much cotton, and they break very easily
Product smells. From the time I took it out of the package to a couple months later. Directions say you can only hand wash and hang to dry. It stinks like a chemical. Haven't seen results yet but it does make you sweat in the stomach area. I have very sensitive skin and so far no issues. Just smelly.
Clock key looks nice but doesn't work
Package arrived with shampoo leaking and broken pump.
began to pit after one month
Great bag--but after the second use, the front handle separated from the seams. If it could last more than 2 uses, I'd give it five stars. I've submitted a warranty claim. I'll update the review if the manufacture fixes or replaces the bag.
I didn't like the product that much
You have to squeeze the crap out of the thing to get any liquid out, way too rigid.
Worked great never broke in a pair of new car/truck speakers before but i decided to this time and guess what after break in they sounded amazing for about a week then the left one blew but i think they are fake kickers anyway they're made in china i didn't know Stillwater was in china thats wat i get for not reading the label on the back while online if thay are real (kicker) speakers then shame on kicker if not shame on me
The glasses were great, but the fabric glass case and cloth glass sleeve they came in reeked of cigarette smoke so I unfortunately had to return them... :(
Why do these lights work when they want?
I work at the airport, so wearing these jackets is necessary. I bought this jacket because i like the shirts and the hoody. So i figured i gave this a try. I bought it a size bigger so i can fit the hoody underneath it. So far for the first month and 1/2, it was very comfortable, warm, water resistant, a lot of people liked it. However 3rd month in, and the zipper started getting loose. Easy fix, squeeze it back in and no problem. Today, i gave the jacket to a small sized employee and the zipper didnt get loose, it actually broke. Literally snapped into 2 pieces.
The tip of the markers is very soft. It is difficult to write finely and would not consider to be "fine point"
The chuck on the sanding pad was not centered so as soon as i turned it on it bent the shaft 40 degrees. Terrible
Not what I expected it to be. A little awkward to use
Not enough good selections
Performs average, but not great sent. If you're into the natural look works fine. The smell is kind of sweet and off-putting. Will not be purchasing again
Arrived and the pump was broken.....I won't be buying anything with a pump from Amazon anymore. This is the 2nd time it's happened......poor packaging and not enough security around the pump itself.
it constantly freezes, and no, is not my internet connection, I have fiber optic, it doesn't work properly in two of my TVs
Diving places book not included
The volume doesn't work well. Can't hear I️t in the car unless you wear headphones ;(
Cheap material and poor fit
purchase this in January by March it started to leak n also mold where the plastic handle area is
I love this game but it just plays the introduction then crashes
The smaller bits snapped as soon as the started to cut in. From about 1/8 and up worked fine but I had to go to Lowes and buy some cheap standard right hand bits to start with.
Came early only good thing I got 10 of 12 and the 10 I got all the same size. There supposed to be 12 different sizes cuz it's ordered as 12 and I only got 10 of the 12 so I got robbed two and then it's all the same it's number 20
I could not get it down loaded on my Kindle 3. Very dissapointed' Donna
Love the face wash but this product was sent to me with so much dust on it right out of the package, disappointed with the delivery of an otherwise good product.
Look, it's a cheap tent. I knew it wouldn't be the best quality, but I at least need to be able to zip up the front door. Zipper broke on the first day and is now unusable. Also the elastic in the tent poles is super flimsy and the poles were covered is some sort of chemically powder. It didn't rain, so I can't attest to water-proofness. If you want a cheap tent to use very gently, this might be the tent for you. If you plan on doing any real camping, I would pass on this.
I do not like them, tried them two times and won't use them again. the material is scratchy, not comfortable. It is hot wearing them. I could see them for outdoor cold weather use and over other sleeves. Or maybe in a cooler.
Smaller than expected
No where near self inflating. Not as described. Would not recommend
Great product, wonderful smell, but barely any product! Used it for two beach days and it was gone on the third.
Worked great until one day it quit charging
This item is for small ears barley fits mine and I can still hear with them in.
Poor quality. Watched it twice and it won't play anymore. Keeps skipping.
Mostly disappointed. The heat is more directed towards heal of foot. The toes don't get much heat. For the price of these they should cover more of the entire foot. I mean most people's toes are what get cold the most.
Product was fine but delivery was absolutely terrible. Arrived 2 days late with no reasonable explanation d
They were already tarnished when I recieved. Will try polishing them.
The last update caused a bug in loading. I try to load into my family guy game and it tells me to update to continue. Problem is I have the update it takes me to. I haven't spent a whole lot of real world money on currency, but I've spent enough to be disappointed in having to start over or just be unable to play. I have already tried uninstalling and then reinstalling the app. I play through the tutorial only to have the game tell me I need to update it to continue with my connected facebook save. Please figure out a fix. This is not the first time it has happened. I stopped playing months ago because of the same update issue; had started up only on a whim recently, just for the problem to crop up again. Also, you really should update your developer information because contacting you took a bit of searching on my part. Your websites family guy link takes you to futurama. All of my emails to the provided support emails are bouncing back as spam. You take money without providing adequate avenues for complaint when your game doesn't work properly. Rude. Just rude.
I love the flavor of this salsa but it is very chunky which I normally like but the peppers and onions are extremely crunchy. I have never had crunchy salsa and I don't like it. I will not buy again. It tastes like tostitos salsa. Not overly tomato and has a nice kick. Wish I could fix the crunch.
I can only give a review on the shipping on this product as I haven't yet received it a week after it was supposed to arrive. Not sure where it's shipping from but it is not prime as advertised. I will update my review if it arrives.
I was hoping for something that would be easy to take to work and heat up on the go, but this just didn't really cut it. The flavor is very strange and somewhat rancid. I almost threw it away after the first couple of bites. The only thing positive I can say about it is that it is very convenient and easy to get heated up, but besides that, I don't think it is worth it at all.
Good game.. kind of difficult for young children. Don't like the in app purchases.
Don't have enough kids t.v. show...
I am sad to say that I cannot get this product to work on anything...........Linda P.
Lacking Velcro to adjust properly, did not stay on back legs, slid down due to elastic stretching and not enough Velcro to attach to make it secure. Do not recommend unless you have a horse with big leg bones.
It is so soft it is hard to get the pomade product on the brush unless you dig or push, and can't give you a super defined line. The glue that keeps the spooly on was too hard and it did not seal so the spooly broke off. Disappointed for the price and the brand!
You'll have to use some muscle to shove that retainer all the way forward just to keep it somewhat stable. Very frustrating when you're scraping a pouch or bowl. Also, if you squeeze the handle too much it pops out the holes. They could have designed this differently to eliminate these problems. It does fold nicely for storage in most cook pots though.
Sent it back when it was inflated and it wasn't even as big as a single mattress which is what I ordered.
The end where the pivot is weak and bends really easily. Trying to take an axle bolt off, I bent the end of the bar. One time use for loads of torque, had to use KROIL on the nut and threads and then was able to get the nut off with this tool
The milk is fine but the expiration date is in 1 day...from the delivery date.
I was disappointed in the CD as background music louder then the singing voice. Would not order this particular CD.
Great fit and color but wrinkles really bad.
i like the light weight and stealth design but 4 times now the bladder has leaked (2 times while mid run- the last time was right before a half marathon and i couldnt run with my pack like planned which threw off my entire race plan) because the seal is not proficient. the pack is 5 stars the bladder is 0.
I like the device, but the app is just a pain to deal with. It doesn't work half the time, and crashes constantly. I've finally had enough and uninstalled it. Please, get better developers to work on the app, Amazon!
Not exactly what I expected. I expected knee reinforcement and the material is very thin.
Attachment hook is little to big. Causes splashing on the water and blinds the tube rider. Other than that works good.
I had other products purchased with better brightness, quite disappointed with this. Hope the battery would last long
Hate the update with all the ads!!!
I kinda liked it because the color face allowed me to make a kind of mountain range. I then accidentally deleted that project because it's all in another language. It's a kinda satisfying for a little bit, but then it's just dumb.
They did not send handle bars!!!
Found a hole at the top left, right by the zipper
My first, original, OEM pad, lasted for years until the hook and loops started to wear down - so off to Amazon to get the first replacement that fits my Ryobi - this one fit my model because I checked, unlike many of the above bad reviews. HOWEVER, I got about 24 uses out of this before the middle, rubber, plastic piece started shredding. Super pissed because this makes no sense how that would happen - 3/4" pieces started falling off while I was sanding - like either the adhesive or the blend of plastic had failed. Annoying as I should npt have seen this for a few years, if at all. I had to finish a job with the old OEM piece (no idea why I saved it) - As no one else is reporting this, I have to think this is a bad batch, or a bad vendor, but annoying nonetheless to have to order now a 3rd one...
They scratch the base. don't allow the sharpening at the toe which gets in the way. I went back to a standard file
The front wheel tube burst in the first week and the rear brakes require professional adjustment to function properly as the factory adjustment was way off. The included pegs require a deep socket set (not a common household tool) to assemble.
I am barely able to concentrate on what I'm reading because of ads on Silk. KIndle works well.
These Staplers are not worth the month. They constantly are breaking or not wanting to staple or jamming. I will not be ordering these again. I ordered them 2 months ago so I can't return them. So I am stuck with 2 Staplers that don't work. Wish I would have read the reviews before now :(
the pump works well, charges quickly. mine came with the on/off sticker/button set way to the side of the circular top - sloppy. the USB connection was offset as well. poor quality control on this brand. i'll keep this as a backup and try a different brand.
Just gave this to my daughter for her birthday. She loved the case and all of the supplies. Only problem was half of the markers are dried out!! Really disappointing!!!! Ruined the gift. Don't buy.
They tasted old. Pistachios brown not green as the picture show. Very few Pecans. Lots of Cashews,almost burnt Hazelnuts and Almonds.
This product smells great and moisturizes well - but it didn't do anything for brass in my hair. To be fair, no other product does it either; the only thing that works is John Freida blonde hair gloss.
It started rusting and leavings stain on baby's wrist within 1-2 weeks.
Very very cheap little lights. Not much light. Require 3 aaa each
The indicator lights on one of the batteries doesn't turn off. The battery was at half charge before I ever got around to using it. Missed the return date by 3 days. I suggest that you charge them right away to make sure there are no defects.
The plastic container warps with heat!
Pretty but didn't like that it I paid $16 for something I could have printed out! I thought it came framed. Probably my fault for not reading into it more. Either way it's a rip off
Seemed a great leash at first for my hyper, sometimes difficult to control English Bull Terrier but in only my third time using it, he pulled and I heard a snap and the leash popped right out of the handle!!!! Luckily he was pulling towards the open car door I wanted him to go into so he didn't run off or get hurt-but I'm pretty disappointed it broke so easily!!!
Excellent series but is not all in Spanish
Tasted ok for frozen dinner. Wouldn't order it again. You can probably can get better rice and chicken from anywhere else.
The smell is good, but it doesn't create very many bubbles.
Uncomfortable after 10 minutes use.
THEY DO NOT FEEL LIKE 20-30 mm-hg.!!! I have returned them to you.
Amazon's shipping box was in good shape, but the manufacturer's box inside looked like it had been man-handled by a much annoyed gorilla. The product itself was generally unharmed, despite having just been stuffed into the slightly too small box with no padding. This cart will get heavy boxes up and down stairs, but it's a slow process. The deal breaker for me is that one set of feet has no protection, and the sharp, exposed metal will definitely harm your floor. I immediately returned this item, not waiting to measure the half life the horrendous stench when the cart is first unboxed.
It looks like ith would be useful but for me each try at user it did not fit on any of the connectors that I tried to use it on.
Found it not sturdy and not for most jobs
Item leaked all over will not buy again from this supplier
Misleading description. Purchased the item thinking it was left hand retrieve, it is a Right hand retrieve.
This would be great for a standard apartment door or a shared room in a home. BUT I bought it for use in hotels for a cross country trip. It did t fit a si glen door we encountered making it useless to me. Stayed in 7 different hotels all different brands. Same issue with each. Will be returning it
Too easy to get into stuff on youtube
It works, but gets very hot and you have to connect it multiple times. It just randomly drops connection.
Updated review: The bottle has been sitting on my desk all morning and just shattered for no reason that I know of.
I only received 1 sticker in the package
I took these tarp poles out for the first time on a river trip this weekend. I had the tarp up for a couple hours when a 20 mph gusts of wind bent one of the poles to a 90 degree angle. I know they're not very heavy, but I'd expect them to be able to withstand 20 mph winds...
This wasn't what I thought it was. I just want a mahjong game-no little girls, witches, jewels in chests etc. Just the game. I deleted it from my device.
Like: had impeccable audio and video quality. Downside:I already saw it on YouTube
The plastic is thick, the steel cable is not very thick. It'd also be really easy to accidentally change your password and be SOL.
I had it for little while, used it few times only. it stopped working. as simple as taht.
I'm too old for this stuff, but it does have good production, and it does try to sorta kinda rock. So I added a star.
The USB has failed. Ive had this product just less than a year now. I only used it to charge my phone. USB cord stays in so it's not as if Im pulling cords in and out even if at all. Actually stopped working entirely a month ago. Electrical outlets are fine. Relatively easy to install though.
dvd defective. made loud buzzing noises through speakers. not sure if it was the dvd itself or the engineering of the recorded sound track
Don't like way it goes on. Very hard to get it to go on.
It doesn't do what it claims to do. I am 37 I feels good to roll the device on your face but that's it. Don't expect it to face lift of depuff
The music saves the film but Roger Waters's "vision" is strange and difficult to follow. It leaves many unanswered questions.
This CD came with the correct CD case but the wrong CD. It has Paul Wilbur CD in it and I will have to reorder to get the one by Joshua Aaron
Pretty but cheap and flimsy
used a few times, not the best of games or apps.
had a big storm and both poles collapsed. I will return.
It looks nice and functions well for holding the echo dot vertically (hanging down). However, just as some other reviewers have said it definitely muffles the sound. Based on that flaw I can't recommend this product and will be discontinuing the use of mine
Dangerous knife. The assisted opening of the blade fails to open and lock the blade completely resulting in possible injury. While very slim, the edges of the handle are uncomfortable when in ones pocket. I sliced a portion of my thumb trying to open the knife with two hands because I found it dangerous to do it with one. I tried adjusting the tension on the handle to make the opening more like their other assist knifes. I was hoping this would be my daily carry knife, but I will just leave it to open mail envelopes or something.
If you are missing quite a bit of hair, the blonde will not work for you. Did not cover at all.
This hat is warm. However, it's cheaply made and the fur sheds terrible!
I bought this tool to remove the 16 nut on the axle and it didn't fit.
I have been using this cream for about ten years now. Two years ago, the quality of the cream decreased dramatically. I used the cream to create more of a barrier for my dry, rosacea-prone skin. It used to heal it overnight but now I find that the texture of the cream is different — less oily — and the effect is ... nonexistent. I now use rose hip oil and that works better for healing than Avene does now, if that's helpful to you.
What I didn't like about my set is the look.. they're different looking than the ones shown on Amazon where I got bought mine from..it leaves me thinking are these a fake set?
Don't know how to use it.
It's comfortable, but I've only wore it once and it is already breaking apart.
The actual bits themselves seem to be so-far so-good. I got this set, not only because Dewalt has great products, but also because of the self-contained, easy accessibility. I use bits a lot for my job and need them to be organized, easy to snap out and back in. My lower rating is for the case. It is impossible to snap the bits back into this case. The plastic tabs that hold them just bend inward, not allowing the bit to go back in. So, after using this for 2 months they are now floating around the tool case with all the other bits.
Ordered 2, received one ok and 1 in the wrong size
Looked cute but extremely small and poor quality because the first month I had it the compass fell out of the necklace.
It looks great but it only plunge cuts a 1/4 inch not 1/2 inch which is 99% of all sheet rock!!!!! Therefore it only works as an outline pattern which you still need to jab saw out the pattern
The logo was a tad distorted. Almost like it was out of focus... it's also very soft. Def not an outside mat. More like a kitchen mat or interior door mat.
If you only have ten minutes for a quick smoke, this pipe is a good option. Otherwise, the small bowl is not optimal. Just about when you've settled in, it's over. Wish I had seen what this looked like before I ordered it.
I received the item and it nice, got it for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it. But it stop charging a week after first using.
The torch actually ignites the butane about one in every 10 clicks, and then it only ignites one side of the circle for an awkwardly curved flame that lasts a few seconds max before going out. I have adjusted it every way I can see to do, and it marginally affects the height of the flame and ignition rate. The torch itself is attractive and has some cool attachments, I assume for creating more of a heat gun than a direct flame, but it won't stay lit long enough to make it useful for anything.
Not worth the trouble. Buy a Ruko instead, much better for about the same money, give this to my son, he is happy, but he has not seen a ruko
Overall it's a professional tool for mobile users especially the layer feature. but when you drag a layer it just disappeared. Please fix this.
Didn't fit but they sent me a new one that's great
I returned the Kindle the next day and do not need this Protection Plan. I applied for a refund to the original payment option and have not received yet - even though it's been since Prime Monday!
I bought the wrong gift card and amazon would not accept a return.
This was my first Olight I bought. This light has a lot of cool features, but almost too many features making it difficult to operate sometimes. I think they should've added some programmable modes to it. Also it is kind of a wide light making it noticeable while carrying it in the pocket. After carrying this light and using it for couple of months it stopped turning on for me. When I press down on the button to activate the light it won't work. In order for it to work I have to keep clicking it until it decides to turn on or take the fully charged battery out and put it back in. This was kind of a let down for me because the light is aestheticly appealing and a compact size for every day carry. Maybe I got a bad light because I've heard good things about Olight. But I don't trust this little light I have and I'd be skeptical of the reliability of other Olight products based off of this experience.
Ive only had my Amazon Fire less than 5 months and the battery is dead and because I didn't buy a warranty I'm out of luck
This is the UK Version, so the upload links don't work :(
Was looking for a replacement filter that was cheaper than the pricier coway filters. Ours came bent and damaged in one corner so it's not completely flush with the unit. Possibly due to shipping rather than the manufacturer. Will see if it functions about the same.
Unfortunately, this was not in U.S. format so it had to be returned. I did not see this in the description and looked pretty silly when I sent it to my SIL for a birthday present.
Awesome light - charges quickly ...but the whole thing hangs on a tiny flimsy plastic hook that broke on the first day. It's a strange design. The rest of the light is rugged, charges nicely and is bright. But then the only practical way to use it is the hook, which hangs on a flimsy little hinge that will snap under the slightest touch.
These were really cute but the only problem is THEY ARE SO TINY ! Won't be able to use them for the project I purchased them for : (
Too soft finishes in a blink of an eye
Right out of the box I noticed two cracks, one a very LARGE split on the back of the blade, and the other a crack at the top of the axe. I intended to use this for axe throwing but I don't think this thing would even withstand a single strike. I am very upset with my purchase. I gave it two stars because the pattern is at least nice and it could serve as an ornamental piece, but that's about it.
I just received these yesterday. They seem to be well made. I ordered a size large and they do seem a little tight so maybe I should have ordered a XL instead. I hope they will wear well. Time will tell. I just came back from a 20 mile ride and will to add to this review. There is very little padding in these gloves so there was very little shock absorption as I rode. That is disappointing so I will have to look for another brand to see if I can find one with better padding.
Hard to attach, water bottles just crush when trying to attach. The rubber is too stiff.
Slingbox is a nice tool when it works, but at some time it will develop technical problems. When that happens customer support is terrible. The help pages are impossible to follow. They charge for telephone assistance.
Had to return because the some sizes to the canopy did not fit.
Bananas ripened from dark green to brown.
TO HARD TO OPEN ????
Had a lot of problem with wireless dropping and found apps to be very limited for what I wanted. Three kindles later I ended up returning.
This is not 1200 lm more like 800
I was searching for 180 gram editions of this album. I bought one and it came as described, however this one is definitely not 180 gram. Buyers beware of items coming up under incorrect search.
No complaints about the magnet itself because it seems to hold my tools well, but I'm spending forever trying to peel the stickers off. I saw that in the reviews I read and assumed it couldn't be that bad, but it is.
FIRST TUBE INSTALLED, EXPLODED UPON AIRING IT UP. AFRAID TO EVEN TRY THE OTHER TUBE!
The material feels pretty nice, it's stretchy so that it will fit just about any size hand. The lights are bright LED looking lights and illuminate basically anything in your hands. My only issue is that only one of the gloves works, and I definitely need BOTH to work.
I don't have any objections to the packaging or the quality of the parts and the only reason I am only giving it two (2) stars is that the very first time I went to use it, low and behold, the glue was unusable. The entire 2 oz. bottle of glue had already set up to a solid rubbery blob that I could not get out of the bottle with the cap off. Everything worked well and the brad point drill bits fit well in the bushing guides. There are an ample number of dowels, etc., but without glue, you're stopped dead in your tracks. Don't offer the glue if you can't send it usable. I will send under separate letter to Milescraft to see how their customer service responds and will let everyone know then.
You have all the requirements for the updates but can't benefit from them. Missing out with 2 days left from perks of last update and they will soon expire without being used. Amazon needs to fix this. Better luck with IOS and Apple
Not made for normal size adults.
Nice pattern, undersized.
I read all the positive reviews about this reel and purchased it mainly as one that I would use for guest. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed that the handle was flimsy, but I wanted to give a chance. So I took it out on the surf. I landed several decent sized blues, but felt the reel may come apart. For the money, I didn't expect it to work as well as my $300 and $400 reels, but I decided to pay $50 more and get a Battle II. I'll stick to the Kastking braided line.
About a month or 2 later,the flashlight wouldn't turn on all the time. Something perhaps with holding the button down. All other settings work but when it comes to holding it down or double clicking,it just doesn't do it all the time. I really liked this light but that's a bit of a negative for me.
More of a suede than what people think of as "leather". Not tough like a leather cover one would expect. Not like a leather holster or other leather items. Fits well enough, but easily scratched and marred. Not full grain leather or top grain leather, but a rather soft suede leather that many will like but I am disappointed with. Scratches too easily for the rather high price.
Poor quality mp3 files downloaded from Amazon!
Did not work as claimed in review. Hair felt brittle.
Replaced these deer from same company as several years ago. Way cheaper made lots less lights parts literally stuffed in deer body will take you just as long to put away as put together.
The sheet works great. It's for sure a way to upgrade your sleeping bag. So much warmer and more comfortable. My issue.... It's for two people but it doesn't have a slit down the side for easy in and out. You have to crawl up and out. With another person sleeping in it.... Haha! Good luck! It's a disaster. Try getting in and out of the bed to use the bathroom without waking the other person up. Get a sleeping bag sheet that open on the side so you can just slide out. Imagine trying to get in and out of your bed by way of where your pillow is.
The bits are too soft. I used the P5 screwdriver to open up my Macbook Air Mid 2012. By the time I was done replacing the battery and needed to screw the bottom plate back on, the P5 driver had completely worn out. Fortunately I was able to use the slightly bigger pentalobe screw, but even that one is showing signs of wear after one use.
This product didn't fit together, the holes on the arms weren't round and didn't fit the circular motor. The arms got bent out of shape when I was taking them out of the plastic package
Didn't add anything vs use of website directly. Incoming mail messages interfere with other open windows
Makes me break out and clogs the pores. I thought it would be better for my skin, but it's greasy and the smell is cloying. I don't like how thick and sticky the lotion is and my skin reacts very badly to it. I would not recommend, although sometimes people have different needs. If you've got very dry skin and you like very sweet smells, this may work for you.
I dislike giving negative reviews as an exception for this product here it goes: I was not expecting a top of the line TV box at this price but this was the most frustrating experience I have ever gone through to set up. 1. My Password for the network has a couple of special characters in it.. The built in virtual keyboard does have those characters - however you need to hold a button down to access them - and if you then try to select the character the keyboard reverts back to the ABC layout. 2. The TIme defaulted to 1 Jan 1970, ok in the settings I choose to use network time - which it did. A few minutes later I could not get to youtube - check your time? and there was once again Jan 1 1970. So, I manually set the time - an hour or two later the time was back to 1 Jan 1970. This issue continued and I could not fix it. 3. The interface is a mess. Some of the quick links for apps can be changed but for some reason when I clicked on the remote menu button the App was changed to the calculator - and from the available app menu YouTube was not listed and thus I could not add it back to the list. So, each time I wanted to use YouTube I had to navigate to another area to access it from the master list of installed apps. 4. The "free" keyboard uses a proprietary rechargeable battery - which needed to be charged. No Simple AA or AAA here. 5. The power source and HDMI cables are both about 2 feet long - so, running power up to the box is too short and I need to dangle an extension cord to get the length correct. Same is true for the HDMI 2 feet - Really! Not long enough to run the cable from the box to the TV input - I had to dig one out of my closet. 6. Overall quality is poor 7. Because I could not get the time to stay and the horrible interface - I bought a Roku 2018 - The difference is night and day. So, if you like to be frustrated using a no-name TV box - this is your KING. -- Final resting place - Trash BIN
I like that this is clear, and that it cures with no problems. This was much, much thicker than any molding silicone that I have used before. It barely poured out of the bottles. I almost wonder if I was sent an older batch. It was so thick, that my vacuum chamber could not even pull the bubbles out while the vacuum was at the highest setting. The needle was buried at 40, and the air bubbles should have been coming out in the 20s. I used about 60% of the silicone, over about 6 batches, and I did not get a single usable mold. I've given up on this batch. I just ordered something else from another seller.
Definitely check the sizing first. I'm not necessarily broad shouldered, but it took a couple nights before I learned how to to pretzel my way into being able to close the zipper all the way. First experience with a mummy bag, though, so that might be my fault. Where it gets the two stars is from the quality. The cinch didn't seem to be sewn in properly and came right out, so I had to restring it and fix that as best as I could. I don't get cold easily, but even after fixing the cinch, and getting the zipper all the way up, I still had to bail out to my car in 40-50 degree weather after it got too cold. Not sure where the 20 degree rating came from, but I don't believe it.
The sound is wonderful you could say, but the two vinyls included were the same. Not sure how that happened but it was a disappointment.
these lenses are great if you never get them dirty or need to clean them, because as soon as you do - the coating on the lens rubs/scratches off. its like looking through permanently dirty glasses that you can never get clean and it will drive you nuts. and don't bother with customer service. they don't exist. their website says they respond to being contacted within 48 hours, but Ive been waiting for 2 weeks for an answer to my multiple emails and inquiries - and haven't heard a word. the order comes with a free 'gift' microfiber carrying and a business card begging for reviews of their product... well, Lens Swap, here's your review. don't bother buying these flaky-jake turd lenses unless you love buyers remorse and being ignored by customer service. youre welcome. oh, I almost forgot to thank you for the free gift microfiber carrying bag - my cat loves attacking it and rubbing his face all over it. its actually held up better than your lenses!
Striping tool blades is bad after 10 usages. Cutting tool blade starts having ding as well. Not sure if these are made in USA
They are fine but I found these same canisters at REI for $4.95 a piece for the same size (these were priced at $13 a piece when I bought them). Wanted to return these before they arrived, but do beware, once they ship they cannot be returned per policy.
We also experienced the overheating issue that many users are complaining about. When it overheats, it shuts down and the only way we could get it to work again was to unplug it and plug it back in. As a partial solution, we changed the settings to shut off after 30 minutes of no activity (in the settings menu). We also propped it up on a couple of DVD cases on each side to leave space underneath so that air could circulate and allow some of the heat to dissipate. If you're someone that watches TV for 10 hours straight, this is really not the unit for you. We watch it at most for a couple of hours at a time, so it doesn't have a chance to overheat. We have a Roku Premiere that does not have this problem. May be best to avoid the Roku 4.
they are okay but the delivery was way too long was about to cancel but didn't and I have prime didn't understand why it took over four weeks !
I KEEP ordering this coat, and the fur hood is never as expected. Very annoying to be shown one product in the pictures and get a different style. Also, this does run small, so the medium fit me best. I normally wear a small in most things, as I'm 5'3, 135 lbs. I also had alot of issues with delivery in the coldest part of the winter season here in Pennsylvania. The only reason I give two stars is that the coat itself is very warm and of good quality.
The sound cuts out completely when there is not someone talking. It doesn't pick up like the background music or noise. I have tried different cords, movies, and tv's. Only had this issue once I got this new dvd player. It isn't a crucial problem just annoying that it goes completely silent in between speaking parts in a movie.
Not ideal for book binding.
The movies are awesome! The movies are not in chronological order. Even tho there are 2 movies on the discs, you have to change discs for each single movie.
You sent me the wrong color. I'm sure the product is great but attention to detail was overlooked here.
Great product but mine arrived with holes in it.
The gasket for my bleeder knob ended up breaking the plastic on my lid and I had to order a new lid.
The screws are small and difficult to thread into the hole in the clip. the holes in the plastic clip were too small for the screws so it took much longer than should have been necessary to put the clips up. Try something else.
The light these gave off was good and I really like the look of them. Pulled them out of the ground the other day and noticed that the tabs on about half to 3/4 of the lights had broken off for the stakes that put them in the ground. Might try to glue them back together, because I do like the lights.
It's not a good game it just kind of boring
Very cheaply made. Design has no attempt at sealing. Doubt it will last a rainy season in Florida.
I thought that buying the new tablet would get me a faster, sleeker experience. Hah! My 5th generation runs better than this one. It is S-L-O-W!!!!! I wish I would have kept my money.
Really stupid. I mean it is kind numbingly dumb!
Very disappointed. I expected much more. The music is disjointed and feels like a half finished work.
Did not help with baby acne which is why I bought this. Also there was NO chemical oder in product as some others have stated.
The handle broke after a few days. :( I still like having the ability to use a straw tho.
The cup itself is nice, but after the second wash the bolts in the handle broke off.
The rope functions OK. The plastic sheath is too stiff. Thus the rope is difficult to coil tightly when bringing it back on the boat, and won't stay coiled tightly without its strap. This is a huge inconvenience when only pulling the rope back in between riders or during swim break. Within 1 year's use the plastic sheath has also broken in several sections, although I will note the underlying rope seems undamaged. I don't like it, and I've already replaced it. Its now relegated to my backup rope. Handle is fine, and I'm using it with my new rope.
I made my choice based on the title, i never saw a list of tunes included in this collection..and gosh, i never heard of most of the tunes on this collection. A few are quite good, a few more just okay. but for the most part, underwhelming. Who are many of these singers and artists? honestly, i have no idea.
While the battery seems to be working at the moment, I have no idea if my ni-cad charger is working after charging for 24+ hours or if it will charge next time as this is a lithium.
Receive only one bottle + the color was not even in the assortment, the way they stated if like , I would receive multiple of 6 colors bottle.. I will be returning this item ASAP..
What is the sense of a water proof cover that does not keep the door bell dry. When it rains the door bell rings constantly
Whenever I buy a device like a Kindle, Tablet, etc. I always look for a protective case. Kindle cases are hard to come by these days it seems and I thought I was very lucky to find this one. When the case arrived, I followed the instructions and sealed my brand new Kindle Paperwhite inside. When I went to go read, I found the fatal flaw of this case... the screen protector. The problem with it is that it can get an air bubble inside causing problems with the touch screen responsiveness. A lot of the time I would have to really press down in order to make contact when I wanted to turn the page and such. This could be temporarily fixed by resealing the Kindle in except for one corner followed by pressing the protector down and pressing towards tho open corner. The problem though is that every time you opened the USB port protector, air could get in and the screen protector would bubble up again. The real deal breaker for me though was the sound. Because of this air bubble, every time I pressed down I would hear a popping sound. After a few minutes it started to drive me nuts. I really wanted to like this case. Unfortunately I could not get past the screen protector issue and returned it for a refund.
They are soggy after toasting. I tried to fix that by adding more time to the toasting but they just came out dry and difficult to eat. They also fall apart while trying to eat them. You'll need a spoon... I can get better waffles.
At about $4.50 per log, I found it a bit expensive, after the fact, for what you get. I did not notice that it helped the bug situation any more that the fire itself.
I order it on February 24 an got it on the 28. I have 5 items which were all prime but got it in 4 days. I order another item on the same day an on the same ticket which came in on time.Don't understand why being a prime member ship an packages were late an the 5 items where just setting in the ware house ...The packages was in good shape an nothing wrong with them
Was very fragile and broke within a few hours of having it.
I love Plain Mega M&M's but they are impossible to find in the grocery store. I even special ordered them through my favorite grocery store to no avail. When I saw the Valentine Mega M&M's I couldn't wait to order them for me, bridge snacks and to give away. They came in very chipped and you can't read the messages. They can't be served to anyone and I would be embarrassed to give them away. I gave them 2 stars because they are still delicious in spite of the imperfections.
The APP does not function properly on my device! Have removed and reloaded and it still is inaccurate and faulty in the MAP MODE. It says. I am the Gulf of Giana or somewhere.... No HELP available to correct my problem.
I have used numerous Glass Tile Blades and wanted to give this blade a try since its a name brand. Big mistake. When I finally had time for my project it was too late to return it. It chipped all my glass bottles. It is more like a ceramic tile blade.
This bottle is not adequate for cycling in my opinion, it is too slippery and hard to squeeze. The valve works pretty well though.
Audio quality on this composition goes in and out, from good to sucks. Had I known this, I would have purchased elsewhere.
way, way too many ads...I got Amazon Prime to be able to view certain shows, NOT to watch ads!
Honestly we absolutely loved this scooter. My three year old could easily control it and had such a fun time on it. But after having it less than two months, it broke. My daughter was devastated. Super disappointed! I gave two stars overall because of how fun it was.
It jams frequently, making jobs take twice as long as they should. Sorry I bought it, especially since the return window is closed now. It's something we don't use that often, so it took more than 30 days to realize that the first bad time using it wasn't just a learning curve. By the second time we used it with the same frustrating results, it was about 40 days after purchase.
These fit great - I normally wear a large glove and did not have to order up a size. Unfortunately, the "white" stripes on the black/white glove were almost pink. Definitely not anywhere near white. Returned today, debating trying again.
Great frame. Definitely holds larger people but the stitching isn't as strong as the frame. One of our chairs lasted one summer until the poles broke through the seam on the top of the back support. I wish they were better reinforced. Love the chair but too expensive for it only lasting one summer.
The size is larger than describe in specifications. The fabric is not light as it looks. Not good for summer days.
Very comfortable, but I've barely had them a month and already one of them has a hole in it.
Worked perfectly for almost 6 months and then one day discs started skipping, thought it was the disc since it was an older one from a box set but it happened on several discs in the set. Tried another dvd that played perfectly. Then opened a new season from a box set (brand new) the first episode played fine but the second episode started skipping and the sound was also skipping. Works out to almost 10.00 a month to use this player. Return window had expired, just trash now
Unfortunately they scratched too easily and now I cannot use them. But if you keep them in a soft glass bag or away from other articles they are great.
There is a dent in the box. None of the things inside are sealed and there are particles of dust on most of the disks. I find this strange seeing as how it was marketed as a NEW product. It seems however to be used.
I picked up a couple of the 4" and 6" clamps before I noticed similar products at my local big box hardware store. These are very poor quality. The images just don't do them justice. The ones I picked up locally were much better quality and about 25% of the price. This is one of the few items I'd suggest not purchasing online.
Well i love this movie but the inside of the case was broke and the disc was scratched up from being loose in the case. Really disappointed
big and goofy towards the leg, not a young man's style. try goodthreads chino
Bought this set to test out some bit shapes before upgrading them to higher quality units. The straight bit I used worked fine, but i get the feeling that it will dull fairly quickly. My main issue was with the flush cut bit. The bearing on the end broke on just the 2nd pass. Luckily I was just using it to trace a template for some Halloween decorations so nothing of value was damaged when it failed. I would not recommend this set simply because even low cost should last longer than this did. (photo shows where the bearing SHOULD have been...)
The hose clamps are weak and strip out readily with little effort. The barbs are ok.
Not good for dovetails. Kept it for the halibut.
ordered top and bottom--same name on color selected, but top is much darker than bottom. Not real pleased as the name of the color on both items was the same. Won't order again.
Heavy and hard to keep in ears. Has a hard time pairing with near by device. They sound fine once you get them to work.
I have used this product for years and it's very good. The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because the pump is broken. I have to unscrew the top, which then leads me to wasting some.
The shampoo bottle was not sealed , as a result, a lot of it was spilled out in the package. The shampoo also has a rotten smell.
I've had one of these fountains before and loved it. However, after 3 years and several grandkids banging into it, it finally broke and I had to replace it. So I ordered this one and got it installed. Does not work as well as the last one. Once you get in in place and tightened down you can't adjust the flow without taking it completely out and using a large pair of pliers to loosen the adjustment nut. Then you have to tighten it way too much or the fountain portion will turn down into the pool. I don't know if it's this particular one or if it's the brand (there are several brand out there). But this one sucks!!! I'm going to have to look for another one and that's another $20 - $30 depending on brand. Not satisfied.
I love the skateboard, I actually bought 2, one for my son and another one for myself, I have to say that on the same day I used mine the sandpaper started to come off from several edges of the deck which has me really disappointed. Another issue is that they claim to have really good wheel bearings that roll for a longer time but that's not the case.
The product case was ripped upon delivery, movie was entertaining garbage, worth a rent not a buy
I hate the remote. It is gutless even after putting brand new batteries in it. The picture quality is okay. My last Blu-ray was quick and seamless with our internet. This was takes forever. I will definitely NOT be getting another LG.
Thin. Already lost one
For 20 its good But the lid will leak ! They just don't make the full take off lid anymore too bad those never leaked
We wanted to love this but basic apps like YouTube kids are not compliant without downloading multiple programs for it to work. After about two hours researching on how to get the apps we needed I ended up throwing in the towel. Will end up going with the overpriced Apple iPad since its more user friendly and time saver.
I ordered the huntsman Hunter green and in the picture it is a cool light green, the knife I received is a really dark green, almost black in low light. I love the knife itself but they should update the picture to make it look like what you will get, also the knife had scratches on it.
This is a super-cute basket, one of the only ones we could find in a color besides black, white, or silver. However, due to the spacing of the hooks and how my kid's bike handlebar is shaped (slight curve), the basket didn't fit at all.
product was what they said, but doesn't work on my wifes scooter without taking the brake leavers off. nicely made though. wouldn't recommend.
Just ok. Director's cut made more sense than the one seen in theaters.
Not what I expected. Very thin.
Blizzard last so i got to test it out. i was able to walk first fast on 1 foot of fresh snow. Walked fine concrete but felt like walking on springs. Not meant for indoor use. They are slippery indoors tiled floor (especially slight incline tiled surfaces) so i was walking like an elderly person. They are not easy to take off. Its best to find a place to sit down, undo the velcro and pull the cleats off. They are very snug/tight fit so its takes some effort to get them off. I was not able to lift up my feet and pull them off easily. They were tightly wrapped around the shoe. The plus side is that they won't fall off your shoe while you walk. Because they were difficult to take off, i ended up leaving them on as I walked short distance from the subway to work and take them off at my seat. The cleats snag to the carpet.
This product needs to be packaged differently for shipment. The bag punctured/burst inside the box, coating every other item with a fine layer of pancake dust.
This is alright. Stains my hands and doesn't get all my hair. Won't buy this again, if just buy a regular toner to throw over it all.
The packing included dry ice and it froze the cucumber so it was a bit mushy where the plant was damaged. Had to throw it away.
Why is the code not popping up and what do I do for it to pop up
It's not programmed you can not access the channels only you tube
The saw is not for professionals who use a hacksaw more than once a week. The stud that holds the blade in place sheared off. Prior to that the saw fell apart in my hands several times. I thought I wasn't tensioning the blade enough but no matter how tight it would fall apart.
2 stars because it does work and is cheap but by no means waterproof. Bought to use on boat dropped in water and flashlight immediately filled up with water...currently drying in garage. If it works after it dries I'll keep it as cheap flashlight around house but definately not for water
I bought 2 and they r already messed up with the wheels kids used them like a week
Not difficult to use but not very accurate. Wouldn't recommend.
The product arrived with major damage to the side, the front etc. We called and got a MAJOR run around before giving up. It works fine just looks like someone got in a fight with it
Does r add volume at all
Don't care for the taste; it's not chocolate-y enough.
temperature dont work at all compass works but a lil delay
Have been looking for something to stabilize our bike wheels when taking them to ride. Saw this and loved the idea of them. Will say it worked great until it broke to where it is unusable. We had only used it five times at the most. Didn't abuse it. It ripped right at where we would strap it to the velcro. Of course it happened after the return period was over so we could not even return the item.
It was a gift for my son. He opened it recently and he just noticed and showed me it had 2 dents. I'm not happy my item I bought as a gift was packaged and delivered damaged.
i have used hemostats before and they are usually a smooth chrome finish and these are not. they are a sanded finished that is just rough enough to be annoying. would not recommend but they do work
Lots of threads hanging off, the bag. After 3 Weeks, the bag ripped from the seems and is no longer functional
I really rely on reviews so I thought it important to share.my experience. I bought this sleeping bag for my trip to the Grand Canyon. I wanted a sleeping bag that I could be sure I would not suffer from the cold. And while this sleeping bag was so comfy and warm, there was a big problem. The zipper broke after the first night. Yes after only one use the zipper was completely broken and my sleeping bag was now unable to close this letting cold air in. I ended up being so cold I slept with my gear on. I was so disappointed, because I was excited to have a brand new sleeping bad and would not be cold. Very nice bag just beware of the zipper because it can ruin the whole.idea of how warm it is. Try it out the zipper many times and make sure it is not defective before your trip.
I didn't care for this,There isn't any kind of Movie,just reading the verses !
Not much to it for adults, but it is great for children!
Seemed like a really nice idea but over time these did not hold up. The plastic just ended up ripping when the weight of cars are put on it. If you garage is not heated they also split very easily when the weather gets cold. I opted to apply truck bed coating instead to the the jack stands and it is holding up well.
The concept of the spikes are a good idea however the sizing chart is way off. There is no way that that extra large is going to fit my 14 boot. Make sure they all fit before you purchase. Made in China. Go figure.
Does not include hookup for ice maker. Had to purchase separately off the delivery truck.
They broke in a week. When they first arrived the right bud didn't work and in the next few days the part that plugs in the phone broke off.
Mechanic at the garage said they were poorly made with weak sidewalls.
I've been using this product for years without problems. This year I am so sick of it. Slow as Christmas and makes me reinstall the same updates every time I re-open it. Next year I'm getting something different.
The fit is to put it in the words of my wife, "old man pants". Which just means it was very baggy in the wrong places. Compared to other pants purchased that are regular fit, it appeared too lose. However the fit with regards to size appeared to be accurate as the waist and length was correct, just the style appeared outdated. To be clear, I'm not comparing the fit to "slim fit" type styles. I'm comparing to regular fit as I had ordered these for work. We have business casual but wear ties, no coat or jacket. I'm hopeful this will be updated as the price is very economical and I purchase these with the attitude it's a uniform.
Good movie but not good 4K. Don't waste money on the 4K version as it is no better than a standard bluray format. Even the case was very low quality and cheap.
I had problems getting the local channels.
I have been using this product for 6years now . It always was a five star shampoo and conditioner but they recently changed there packaging for the worst. You can't squeeze it out of the hard plastic bottles .Also so afraid to order because it has been spilled out when delivered more than once . The company does not have a foil seal on bottles to help stop this leaking out . The product is great though. But hesitate to order
I bought this flashlight and it worked great. Now, the LED is burned out and won't work. The company, Refun, has a 100% guarantee on their products. I need to get a hold of them for a replacement. Also, this product is bright, but it is not as bright as you think. The lumens rating is not true.
a very poor product too thin to fit most keys, as well as weak magnet and overall just a poor designed product even if its cheaper than options its not worth wasting your money on
Metal is to soft or flimsy, they got all bent the very first day
I want to start off by saying the product itself is exactly what I expected it to be. It looks good and was easy to install. The reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the seller jacked u pl the price on prime day. I paid $30 during prime day and it is now selling for $20.
There are better match 3 journey/rebuild games out there. Seems this one is designed to be too tough to get past a point without spending $$$
Usually I'm pleased with my Quest Bar delivery but this time it came in a soft mailer envelope and the box was crushed as well as many of the protein bars inside.
Not what expected, thought it was pouch cheese. Can't find pouch cheese, original flavor.
Didn't fit my TV connections.
The title says it all. Heaven forbid you have to wipe your nose with this thing, it would be like using sandpaper. Cheap product from China.
It's a good idea, I really wanted to like it. Installation wasn't super clear. The instructions which are online only referred to an orange tab and all of my tabs were black. the thick velcro straps which passed up and over my saddle rails were too wide to easily pass through even though I have my saddle set back pretty far. The ease of access when unrolled is fantastic. It is bulkier under the saddle than I expected. My biggest issues are that it's pretty easy to access the items even without unrolling because my tire lever and my mini pump / inflator just pull out easily from the back of the roll. Like pluck them out with two fingers easy. I don't think they will last more than 10 minutes on the trail. Second, the open back end of the roll is angled perfectly to capture wheel spray and I'm pretty sure it will just get packed with muck on my first wet ride. Stuck this in a drawer until I can find a use for it.
I love and hate this. I hung this up in the tent and was nice to have a light there. the light was great. The fan was not so great.
Pretty but won't stand
ive send this item back because it doesnt fit and I still didnt get notification from amazon that its been settled , I had send at the same time another package of gerber baby clothes and I got the refund but still waiting for this one
The package was empty in the flimsy envelope. Every single razor blade was out of the box. The box was closed.
Some great songs, but CD showed up with scratches and my CD player only plays about 75% with no issues.
Super cheap. Feels like cardboard. Arrived with a bent brim. I tried to use a steamer to correct it. It helped but it still fits goofy. Luckily, this was for a kid who just wanted to wear it as a play hat.
Very small cute wouldn't recommend
It does not taste really good, quite artificially
The persons voice was a bit disturbing and I was kinda confused. The way he broke up the guided message or the sentence was not good. He sounded like an alien or robot.
These clamps are rather fragile and won't take much torque without the worm gear tearing the steel.
Thin plastic and it's pretty small. I thought i'd get more coverage with these but i'll go for a traditional plastic poncho next time.
These things are tiny and barely fit in my hand and really are not good for cutting wire. Waste of money
I do appreciate you replacing my damage product...but this steam mop is not the same quality as the original one that I order..and when I try it for the first time last night ..it didn't clean the rug as good as my old steam cleaner
The reviews said to expect things to run small, so I bought a medium despite being a very small guy. These were to replace another pair of shorts in a different brand that were a 'small' size I had that started ripping at the stitches. I was therefore happy with the fit in the legs (since I got a larger size, it wasn't tight for me) but I expected the length to be longer with the larger size, and these only go 2/3 the way down my leg (shorter than my other small sized ones). Also, the padding wasn't like the padding shown in the user review I saw - it is thin and crappy. I feel like these should have been half the price for the quality... I suspect there were some changes from an earlier brand offering...
Found the program did not work Removed from this computer
Have read Reader's Digest for years. However seems the articles aren't as prevalent or interesting anymore -have cancelled.
I love the room and compartments that it has. My friend has one and I ordered solely bc of hers but hers is a little smaller and I wish this one was. I wasn't able to return it bc of the cutoff date. :(
I really like good pyramid games and this would be one IF it didn't have an ad or commercial after almost every game. I deleted it for that reason. Plus each ad went on for an awfully long time, not just a mention of the product, but a much longer time than necessary.
Very low life on batteries
I hate all the advertisements! Too distracting. You get to play a little while without them then it's all you see, just garbage!
Many other reviewers have mentioned trouble with closing the door when staked down. This is true. The reason is the polls are trimmed too long so that the material is held too tight this can be fixed by a handy individual. But since I have to take extra time to to fix a fairly expensive product it gets two stars.
I'm really disappointed in this product given how expensive it is. I've tried it multiple times now and it hardly covers my natural dark circles at all. I gave it 2 stars because the product goes on smooth and is easy to blend, but my $5 cover girl concealer does a much better job actually concealing.
Both ends came off in less than 2 weeks
The padding is not very thick and is oddly placed. There is a 2 or 3 inch gap at the sides where as a skater I need it most. I haven't tried them snowboarding but they might do well there since the main pad is one big bum guard. This accounts for one star. They are comfortable and non-constraining. That's the second star. Unfortunately they are cheaply made. It only took a dozen skate sessions and one washing before the seams started to come apart. They might work fine for someone who is more interested in comfort than protection and will only use them once on a while. They are definitely not for a serious, frequent and advanced rider.
for most of the things when asked to play ...here is sample and goes on silent
I ordered the color of dress that was blues and I got a dress that has reds in it. Not happy
It's a lot slower than I anticipated, no way does it go over 7 mph. My son is 10 and weighs 55 lbs. His neighbor's scooter goes faster than this. The only plus is that it does last about 30 mins riding it.
Bought and used a few times only to find its accuracy varied tremendously. Just the other day I used it to torque a bolt to its spec of 40 ft lbs and it never clicked! In fact the flexible part of the head was not moving at all! This tool has now caused minor damage to the threads which will require extra time and money to repair. I called the manufacturer and they provided no opinions in resolving this issue. This is all surprising because I have bought many tools from Tekton because they seemed to be a customer service based company I thought wrong. Now I have to repair damage at my own expense.
Worked fine for 4 months now it's out
Unlike any other floor lamp I have ever owned including cheap less than 10.00 models, have the power cord coming out of the base so it remains unseen, this has the power cord dangling over half way down the pole which makes it look cheap and tacky, I used twist ties to hold the cord close to the pole however the dangling cord is still visible.
Noisey tires, kinda annoying and I'm stuck using them for awhile.
Not what I thought it was
I recd no paperwork with gloves at all. No directions. Why?
At first I was happy with this kit but mostly ordered it for the gas lenses. I have to say after some use, the gas lenses are put together quite cheap. I had one separate between the brass and copper, and keep spinning each time I try to thread the cup on. Also it ruined some of my welding jobs because I was getting terrible gas flow. I spent a lot of time troubleshooting my whole TIG setup until I finally took one out, plugged the center hole, and tried blowing through it. I could barely move any air through it. Turns out one of the screens got clogged. I do not have any contamination in my line or any reason for it to get this way, nor did I ever have the problem with CK and other products I've used over the years. So I had to sit there and carefully pop the ring off and take apart the screens and only leave one of them in to get any gas coverage again. I don't think I'll be buying this junk again.
The light seems nice except that the 2,400 lumen description is completely bogus. Not even close. It's no brighter than a 400 lumen headlamp. Otherwise, it would be a great product only if described correctly.
I ordered this product to replace one that I had for many years. I give this a low rating because when I received this product it was missing a pin on one of the hinges. Nothing wrong with the meter just missing a part. I was told all I can do is return it and reorder again. Sad to find out nothing can be done to help. Hear are some words that might help, QUALITY CONTROL!
This stuff is way over priced. It has a super strong smell. And it is glittery. My skin actually feels dry after using this. All it does is make me smell like a grandma. I feel like I wasted a lot of money.
Subtitle Edit OCR fails to correctly identify letters in windows 10 whereas in 7 this isn't an issue. Also windows 10 will not allow changing file format (change txt to srt, change txt to mkv) whereas 7 does. So be prepared for poorer functionality in 10.
If you're looking for something light and leaves your hair soft then this is pretty good. It allows you to have some sort of shape and you can play with your hair without it feeling greasy or waxy. But I'm more partial to a medium firms because they hold my short Asian hair for most of the day when this kinda deflates after a few hours. I'd say this is a solid light hold. My wife likes the flexibility but it also didn't offer enough hold for her.
Does not open wide enough for most external snap rings. Smaller tips broke first day.
It's a great light but I can't recommend due to terrible battery life. Only lasts 30 minutes before the light begins to run low and is noticeably less bright. Significantly limits the sorts of rides I can use this light for and means I have to charge every night.
Dont fall for this one if u want to wall mount, it has no accessory to wall mount, neither amazon nor samsung could help, hence returning, unnecessary waste of my time due to lack of information in description, deceptive i would say, few hundred less than q7 series
Had to return these. Seemed like a nice shoe and well made. Bought the next size bigger and still did not fit. They don't offer a larger size. I wear a 13W shoe and bought these in 13.5 hoping they would be wide enough. No luck. No one really seems to make cycling shoes for a wider foot.
Had large pockets with plenty of room. However, I brought it to a music festival and the main zipper broke the first time I tried to use it. I could only use it to hold the water bladder (which worked well and didn't leak) because the smaller front zipper also broke the next day. Not too upset because I didn't pay that much money for it and I could still carry my water, but I will not be buying again.
After sleeping on this for the second night my son who weighs 90 lbs woke up to a deflated bed. It was comfortable the first night and it is a good cost but not built to last.
dont know had to delete it cause my kindle kept saying low storage
This tent was smaller then it appeared but we enjoyed it at the beach. Still haven't closed it bc its impossible and the directions are a picture booklet..
This is not heavy duty! Metal is very very thin.
looks cheap, ugly, the red rubber handle covers can be removed VERY easily, i mean really easily! they just slip out... the frame looks deformed, not symmetrical...very disappointed... will see if i don't return this product
the book is all about opinions with very little facts backing up claims.
I have an older heavier model which does not have an adjustable head, I have worn it out and bought this to replace it but the switch on it has started to become completely unreliable already. I have had to go back to my old unit until I can get another. This one for me was a disappointment since my previous one had lasted several years before needing replaced.
Wasn't what I was thinking. You can hardly see the name.
Not sure what this is for.
Screws keep falling out. I would not recommend this.
Super cute necklace and I loved wearing it. Unfortunately the chain is not very durable and it broke after only wearing it a few times.
then after ~1 hour of play it froze, made buzzing sound, remote became unresponsive. Tried again later, same thing. Returned it.
Ot necessary and did not work as intended
The knife has a great shape and grip, but it came dull as a butter knife. No big deal just a nother thing i have to do. After about two weeks of every day carry, I was using it as a neck knife, it stared to rust. It wasn't like I was taking the knife out and using it a lot. The only use it got was when I was sharpening it and testing it on paper. I guess you get what you pay for.
Not able to access. Groupon not cooperating. Instructions don't work and they refuse to acknowledge. Waste of money!
The buttons to control the level of the shock stopped working after only 3 months of use so now my dog does not respond to it. Not sure how to get in contact with the seller.
What I do like about this chicken is it always smells so fresh when opening the package. However, whenever I use this brand, my family complains about the chicken not being tender and a bit dry. I think it's the gel absorbent pads they include in the packaging, it probably sucks all of the juice out of the chicken because I don't have that same problem with brands that don't use those pads. I'll stick to chicken that is vacuum-sealed.
These stakes are great in length, but slide right out, no matter how you pound them in. I did not like them...so sorry! :(
I expected a lighthearted narrative or funny short stories. It's more of a biography.
It didnt last long. I bought it in January and now its acting up. It doesnt keep a charge long, takes forever to charge and then you find out in wasnt really charging the whole time it was plugged in. It starts on the same song and then you have to try and find where you left off, if you can. The same songs pop up way to often. It had nice features, the cons outweigh the pros. If you dont mind a MP3 player that has issues and may not last a full year, than this is your player.
Don't buy this if you have fine hair. By the next morning my hair always looked oily. I went back to my cheap shampoo and conditioner and voila, no more oily hair.
LOOKS LIKE A RETURN ITEM. ALSO SAFETY LOCK FOR THE BLADE WOULD NOT LOCK , NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO USE IT. BUT HAVE A EXCHANGE COMING. HOPE THIS ONE LOCKS AND IS BRAND NEW AND NOT REPACKAGE OR A RETURN ITEM !!!!!!!
Left deep grooves and uneven cuts which made for poor fits with adjoining pieces.
Would have given 2 1/2 stars to represent the 2 out of 4 batteries that work. Would not recommend these batteries.
I bought four of these and 3 of the 4 didn't last until the following Christmas and the one that did doesn't seem to keep time or work properly in general?? Disappointing!! Spend your money elsewhere.
There isn't much of anything for help/support with regard to functions and capabilities. What little information that is available is very generic and sometimes misleading. For example, I just started keeping a "grocery list" and I received a message telling me that I could download the Alexa app to my phone and I'd be able to access my "grocery list" from my phone (handy for use at the supermarket). I have a Samsung Galaxy s9 phone and couldn't find any way what-so-ever to download the Alexa app to the phone. Another thing that's happened is that the Echo Dot started flashing a green light continually. According to what I could find, this means that there's a message for me to open. A message that (apparently) I can't open. Maybe with time I'll grow to like this, but right now ---not so much.
Too thin, feels extremely uncomfortable on the skin. While it does dry quickly, I'll opt for a regular towel. Maybe if you go camping and need the extra space this would be worth it.
That Amazon curled this to fit in a box that was too small for the envelope isn't the vendor's fault, but it is consistent with the quality. I'd expect more from an 11x14 enlargement of a patent drawing available from the public domain. Hard to read, and the grid along the edges is obscured.
Bought this for the added benefit of sunscreen with a moisturizer. I shave my face and head daily (bald male here) and need something that isn't overly greasy. Usually hate the way sunscreen feels heavy and makes my head sweat, but need the protection. This product is light like a moisturizer. However, I don't like consistency. It feels light when applied but quickly turns sticky feeling afterwards. It makes my skin feel tighter and dry, causing me to apply additional product. I will not purchase again doubt I'll be able to make it thru this bottle before discarding it for something better. I purchased a similar product from Nivea Men's skin care line that I prefer to this product.
I bought these twice because the first two strands stopped working. They are not water proof or weather proof! I love the color, the soft lighting, the length is perfect, but they stop working after it rained once...this happened both times. I thought maybe something happened to the first two strands, strung across our fence. Then I bought two more strands that stopped working after one light rain. Not feasible to take them down and put them back up after each rainstorm. Where can I get better lights?
This seems like it would be a great workout but I cant use the warm up on phase 1 due to the disk skipping terribly not sure if it happens on any other selections or just this one but I'm pretty bummed about spending money and not being able to utilize the whole disk.
I ordered this item advising it was 200 pieces, 20 each of 10 different grit discs. Only received half of that. Ten disks of each grit. Will wait for email review to see if seller wants to correct or if I just need to return. Will update on how it is handled.
I actually bought these to hang a curtain rod over my back door because I didn't want to drill into the door; I'm renting. Novel idea but didn't work. First the metal on top is a little thicker than I thought and ended up creating indentation on the top of the frame and also they bent after constantly opening and closing the door and then the white plastic piece peeled the paint so I had to take them down. If your just looking for a hook to hang towels or a robe on a white door then these may work but I would recommend not using them on painted doors.
Very cheap not worth getting
If this is lab tested must of been an adult dog this has only lasted two months
Very thin piece of nylon. Not what I was expecting.
The DirectTv Now login does not work and I cannot watch my shows unless I go onto the Syfy website through my computer.
Was given as a Christmas present and watched it last night. The 4K disc is skipping, although no visible damage on the package. is this a defect from the manufacturer! I also have chamber of secrets, will see if that works. . .
Pros: 1) Surprisingly small for everything it has. Perfect size. 2) It comes with a belt clip. Cons: 1) The clip is not reversible. 2) Cannot be disassembled. I decided to try anyways and every head stripped immediately. 3) The knife requires 2 hands to open. 4) All the hinges are extremely tight. If I were to use this (which i'm not because it's going in the trash) then I would lubricate it a little to see if that helps.
As other readers said, be careful to open the box the right way up. At first I was very pleased with this set and gave five stars, but then found that the sockets get stuck on the ratchet and are very hard to remove, even if you lever them off with a screwdriver. I greased the ratchet up and will see how that fares. Its quite annoying, as it takes minutes and sore fingers to change a socket instead of a few seconds. Picture shows a socket partly stuck on the ratchet.
My daughter just got back from Madagascar and the knobs won't turn the time back. Not happy! It has only been a month or so since she got it. She really like this waterproof watch.
Nice and bright but the headlight quit working after 6 months! Can charge it up but doesn't work at all when I push the button!
Didn't like it. Didn't finish the box.
The game is alright but it wasn't what I wanted
Its a fine headlamp but one of the LEDs did not work at all.
You get what you pay for. They came in a cute box but the back was bent away from the flower on one of them and just very flimsy.
The cubes are adorable and the non mesh ones are great. However, the three main cubes with the mesh top ripped on my first use. Along with the rip in the mesh the ripper would be closed at each end with an opening in the middle so i would have to unzip and rezip it to close. If you are going on a weekend trip or an overnight trip they would be great but anything more than a day or two is to much for them to handle in my opinion.
Nice fit. But as far as moisture control. Sure. Keeps my feet wet. Not happy at all about these socks.
Decided to return it within 30 min after unpacking it. The overall impression is that this projector is not as good as many previous reviews suggested. The fan is pretty loud. The image quality became worse after applying the keystone correction, so I decided to return.
My son is 6mos old and he is bigger so I bought 12mos and it's really tight on him, like fitted... really tight on the arm. If your baby is a little chunkier than my babe it won't fit....
They dont fit anything verry well cool idea though
I deleted this app, because I have tried several times to log in. I already set up an account months ago
Not as bright as advertised nor operationally functionable either. I'd rather bought another Petzl Nao+ 750 lumens which is twice as bright as this light with more functional usage.
I'm so disappointed. At the highest setting, this thing gets so hot that you can barely touch the end of the barrel to guide your hair in. I burnt my hands continually, trying to curl it. It has to go back. Was looking for an alternative to hot tools since that one fell apart. Sadly, it's not babyliss.
Very cheap product made of low-quality materials. Broken on shipment.
I don't know who designed this water cooler but they obviously never used one. To get the water to flow you must push the water tap to the right while holding the cup tucked up under the dispenser. VERY odd! In comparison, to dispense water from my previous water cooler, one pressed the cup against the tap and water flowed from the dispenser. Could be done with one hand.
One of the screwdrivers broke after the second use. This is not my fist time using non-metal screw drivers so I knew to be extremely careful.
Has a Hallmark sticker on it that won't come off - not what I want to give as a gift
As part of my silver investment strategy, i've purchased 2 of these so far. In both cases all of the coins were from 2015, I was hoping for more variety. However, the coins are in great condition.
Very heavy. I thought the scroll wheel would make navigation easier, but actually makes it tedious and much worse. There are 2 ways to play songs, the standard artist/album/song format and browse folders option. Even though it uses up to 64gb card, the standard format unfortunately has a 4000 song limit. I have more than 4000 songs and have to use browse folders option which again is tedious to navigate with scroll wheel. ALSO, when navigating the folders, they aren't in alphabetical order. The sort order is in date created order which is unacceptable. I sent the player to my brother to let him deal with it
First time using one it broke. I am very disappointed and unsure if I would buy gearwrench again
I used the bit for the first time and after a few cuts the bit is now bent and the edge is chipped. I find it hard to believe that simple popular wood would cause a problem.
tire mounted as expected, but had a very hard time trying to inflate it because bead was forced out of round shape.
It was smaller than what I had thought it would be.
Broke three of 2 of these in about 3 minutes. They work okay, but do not apply much pressure when using. They will snap in half.
When you put the vest on, both sides have the big opening gaps. The ice cutes will melt in less than 1 hour. So, you only have about a good 45 mins of coolness.
Didn't work for me, the color didn't match what I was trying to pair up. Otherwise, a cute bra with lots of lace.
I work in a construction company where safety glasses are needed. I ordered these so I would put on the sides of my glasses. And they do not fit at all. I've tried different shapes of glasses and nothing.
Not comfortable for me. Hard to get used to something sticking in your nose. Definite noise leaks from misdirected air. When will some company make the perfect mask? Been using nasal mask and they seem to have less leaks and fit better.
Graphics are great. Plenty of challenges to choose from. Earning credits for club upgrades too laborious. When challenging another player shot clock is way too long. As a players skill improves their time to get off a shot should reflect their skill.
The gel gets flaky when it dries and leaves blue flakes in your hair.
I'm so disappointed in this game that I deleted it from my device. The game gives instructions and tutorial on setting things up, how to move the characters and get them to do something, but then it just says, "You're ready to play," and doesn't give hardly any instructions afterward on what to do for the rest of the time. The shower was broken, I couldn't figure out how to fix it, even when I went through all the help. I had to google it to find an answer which in the end was very simple. Now my character is wanting to see his neighbors, but I haven't got the slightest idea how to make that happen. And I don't want to google every tiny little thing, that's what the game is supposed to help you with. So I deleted it. My suggestion, move on over to Sims FreePlay. That's what I'm returning to. Sims has it all figured out! The fun and the walk through.
did not work for me. Deodorant works better for anti chafing
Got full after one or two uses
You get what you pay for! It's good for the page you are on.
Badly cast. Box ends arnt good, does not replace a flare wrench.
I was super excited for this product to arrive. Now, it's worse then a regular mug! The coffee somehow gets cold really quick and it's heavy. I love the way it looks! But, would never purchase again.
Much smaller than it looks. I thought the text on the front pocket was a sticker in the pictures but no, it's permanent. Looks very cheap. It's extremely flimsy and collapsible so we'll keep it as a spare bag to take on trips for beaches and pools.
Cheap material. You get what you pay for
Brewing time takes longer than instructions, and the payoff never comes. There are so many other superior tea products.
Good tent to keep wind out, but all the zipper ends broke off when pulling the zipper closed and bottom zipper came off the teeth so it cannot be zipped up now, probably will not buy this again.
I am a high school student, and while I have a lot of materials in my backpack, it was well taken care of and not abused. That being said, the strap has ripped off at the top on the right shoulder, after 1 year, which is ridiculous considering my many cheaper backpacks have lasted way longer. They are not as spacious as they seem, but that is just the style. Other north face backpacks I have not heard of problems with, but this particular one has not lived up to the standards that I expected from North Face.
Most of the cuts on these two CDs sound like a 'Death March'...look else where! Go to YouTube, you'll be much better off.
Take to long to deliver I still wearing for the product
See above - may delete app
This drill press has a lot of potential. Its quiet, plenty powerful and feels well built. The main problem I have with it is that the table is not square with the support post so that when you drill down, its not 90 degrees. There is no way to adjust this or correct it without making little metal shims or shaving down the plate. I called customer support and was told that I should not expect any drill press in this price range to be square. Are you serious? A drill press has 2 jobs. To drill holes and drill them straight. This press does not drill straight,
Description and pictures were wrong no water bladder And that was the reason I purchased for my son to have while mountain biking. Material seems ok for durability but we will have to see.
The wrong color was sent and it arrived all scratched. I will be sending back.
nozzle is hard to open and close. could have a better design pattern.
It is an ok app if you can get it to work. Consistently crashes about every two minutes when trying to watch live tv... kinda pointless to have the app. Hopefully it will get the bugs worked out soon!
First try with new bit. And the bit broke in half.
Bought two of these for birthday presents and now I am extremely disappointed in Mongoose brand. This model scooter has the lowest quality bearings I have ever seen on a Chinese manufactured scooter or bicycle. On both units, the wheels barely spun out of the box due to overtighten bolts from the factory. I promptly disassembled the wheel bearings to inspect and lubricate. Upon doing so, I noticed the bearing races were poorly stamped and were not square to the hub and the threaded axles were not flat causing the bearings to bind. On one unit, the spokes on the rims were poorly installed at the factory and do not seat properly in the hub. On both units, the brakes are ok but require significant adjustments to keep them from rubbing when not activated. If this were not a time sensitive gift I would have returned both immediately. Do Not Buy!!!
The purpose of this purchase was because of the magnet. I can't even get a small clip or a small screw from my fishing reel to stick to it. So if you want to use it for the magnetic part, don't buy it otherwise the mat feels good.
I got these for swimming goggles to keep them clear when I'm in the water. By applying a coating on the inside and letting it dry completely (ca 2 hrs), the goggles will stay clear for one swim. Results are mixed, even at that rate. This may have something to do with the goggles, so if you're getting these for something else, you may be satisfied.
These are my favorite kind of potato, but the ones I received were very small and skinny. Won't purchase again from Amazon.
This tent had poor ventilation unless you remove the rain fly or leave the flaps open-which takes away your privacy. Ok as long as it's not really hot but it becomes a sauna pretty quickly.
Interface is buggy, had to hit play a bunch of times and then kept displaying an error when playing and wouldnt play the station I wanted to listen to
Not enough padding at all. In my opinion
Box damaged and ripped open.
This did not fit the 8 hd fire like stated in the explanation. It was made well just didn't fit
Mediocre game. Tracer very difficult to see when doing angle shots, also very short unles straight shots.No prizes or aids won?
Unfortunately the disc was somewhat damaged so that I couldn't watch the last 10 minutes of the film.
nly for super small flashlight
Billie sounds amazing on the vinyl... for all of half a song. The skipping is crazy bad on this record. I had to just give up and send it back. I should have checked the reviews and "skipped" on the vinyl. See what I did there! ;D Bad review is just for the Vinyl option ... not on the music. Amazing music.
Didn't realize this until our team unpacked them, mounted them remotely and tested them...now that I have presentation computers hooked to them our 1080p presentations do not fit...damn! Now i have to design two different presentations all season because the boxes are long gone.
THE PRODUCTS WERE VERY SMALL IN SIZE. THEY WERE NOT OF VERY MUCH INTEREST AS FAR AS MAKE UP. I WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN
Would be more fun if the watch ad part worked. I don't like to purchase things I can get for free if the app worked right
They don't spin well out of the box even when adding more lubricant. Maybe I should have gotten bombers as I hear they are better?
Pretty disappointed -- I've been getting lots of broken teeth. Perhaps a bad batch? I've been cutting mild steel -- I take it slow to keep everything cool, good clamping of workpiece, steady straight strokes, etc (reasonable cut rate, maybe 40 strokes/minute, blade hardly gets warm, never hot). At some point, the saw begins to 'hang' at a specific part of the stroke, then eventually a tooth breaks off (or several). I haven't seen breakage like this before. Maybe just a bad batch? Bummed.
After installing one evening, the grease leaked out all over my garage floor. Very piss poor. I also had an off center hex on this same side pedal. Maybe it's an issue. Because I'm lazy I didn't return them either. I missed the return deadline because I took my bike on a trip and needed these pedals.
Truthfully so far absolutely no change , really not helping .I am remaining hopeful .
Didn't want to use this product because of he smell it left in my hair.
There are better products out there. My biggest complaint is that the clamp portion (for me anyways) won't tighten very well. It continues to tighten but when pops loose when tightened too much so I can only make it snug not tight. But this is only on one side so maybe I got a broken product?
The reason I still buy the physical CD is to get the booklet. It was missing, as a musician myself I like to know who played what ect. I am returning this as another reviewer had the same problem returning it and ordering another copy but still no booklet in the 2nd Copy. I will re-order from Blue Note label directly and hopefully it will include the booklet
They seemed solid at first, but mine ripped open on the big toe my 5th time in the water. Quality is not there.
Did not easily cut through. It also rusted after the first use. I cleaned it in the field and again once back home and it still showed rust marks.
The knife has no safety lock. Dangerous to use for anything other than cutting. Most of the screwdrivers are difficult to use because they don't fully extend out, resulting in poor precision and leverage. Knife was sharp, but dulled quickly after only light to moderate use. In addition, the tool itself is beginning to fall apart after only a handful of months of moderate use.
This movie cost more than it was at Wal-Mart, and I had to pay shipping, it was not worth it
I bought this item for the drill tapered gauge portion of the tool. The angled surface was not cut or stamped straight. I will need to machine the surface true on the milling machine. The only reason I bought this is to avoid spending $40 or more dollars for a name brand. Product is not made in the USA but I expected that from the other postings. It was only ten dollars and will give me a quick project to correct the problem.
Like: Easy setup. Works well with YouTube. Don't like: Major lip sync issues mirroring content from most other apps. Like VLC. Makes content unwatchable. Some apps won't let you mirror them, like Netflix and MLB. I got this mostly to mirror movies I had on my iPhone to my Fire TV. Setup was easy. Noticed that the picture and voice were not synced up. Probably won't use it much.
it was a cheaply made product. Dont waste your money.
I was excited to try this as I do both woodworking and welding. Sometimes holding two pieces together to tack weld can be tricky but at this point going back to the magnetic holder as this one failed within two use. The design is a great idea but the issue is with the material they use it seems. As I was clamping down two small 11 GA steel square plates and tightening down with the lever, one basically cross threaded easily without turning it much. It seems like the soft metal (body feels like aluminum) they use cannot handle any sort of pressure when clamping down the pieces. Now it could be that mine was defective but was disappointed. I also would've returned this either way as I noticed after the failure, I was taking my precision square and the 90° miter seems just a hair off. Where it was worse was the actual flat area on the bottom. In either if you're looking for precision 90 degree miter this probably won't make you happy. I hate leaving low star but trying to be honest here. It seems like these are all re-branded items that's sold in various names. It's definitely not worth the price all these companies are asking for. For the price it should be well built and square enough there isn't an issue holding two pieces of material together. Unfortunately this item ended up going back to Amazon.
i like the wristlet a lot but what i didn't like about it was i had my dept name on one said and i was suppose to have my last name on the other side but they didn't put it on there
Doesn't really cut it. Magnetizes enough to get by for minutes.
Worked for a single day before the ceramic tip broke rendering the tool useless.
Cheaply made. Don't waste your money!
Jeans were better than expected for the price. However I washed them and they developed horizontal light stripes across the front. I purchased the medium wash. Disappointing. I am 5 ft 4 in and there's was about 1.5 inches below ankle, but easy to roll up or under. Was waiting until after washing to hem.
Had the Hoyle programs (games and cards) earlier, and really loved to play them. This downloadable product, however, is disappointing if you're using Windows 10. Some games don't work, so it's not really worth the money.
Used this tent two time before tent zipper broke and mesh screen ripped.
Stopped working after 2 dries! I'm awaiting a replacement to see if that's any better. My concern is the brush doesn't get hot enough to dry the hair properly (particularly when you have thick hair). I tried a quick blast with my regular hairdryer first but still the brush didn't give a great finish. I'll try the replacement to see if that's any better otherwise i'll be looking for another option.
Doesn't get cold enough even in an air conditioned house.
Definitly size up. Like others mentioned it's not very flattering but it does the job and that's what is more important.
Looked nice until we tried drive with it on. Came all to pieces. Use o ly for fixed uses.
Filters too tight. Had to use petroleum jelly to slide them on with some difficulty
Ineffective for scalp itch
Light bulb lasted no more than 10 hours before losing all of it's brightness. Very disappointed to have to buy another bulb so quickly.
Do not like.. shipping was quick but these don't work.. followed instructions, and they stick to the floor not the carpet
This was the first time I bought a wireless odometer and I regretted it almost immediately. Either the transmitter or the receiver didn't work well because more often than not, either no data at all came up onscreen or there was a several second lag between speeds achieved and those speeds showing onscreen. This with brand new batteries installed. I replaced this with a wired one which was considerably cheaper, and is much more accurate.
This definitely keeps your hot drinks hot! But after two weeks, the paint around the rim started to chip! I'm not trying to have paint chips for breakfast!
The fact that this stool had lots of rave reviews plus the low price convinced me to buy it. That was a mistake. Many reviews touted how the buyers' large bodies fit so well and comfortably even over uneven surfaces. I am 5', 100 lbs, and when I put my meager behind on this stool it feels wobbly and unsafe. It has tipped over and in constant danger of doing so again. I deeply regret buying this item.
Has some neat qualities and the games when accessible are good for my toddler. Does not work well for the under 5 age, there are many challenges that create an unusable environment. I have had 2 glitches so far that ended with total reboots. As of now, it is nonfunctional for the kids side. Very unfortunate as we were excite to use this product.
I was led to believe the pen like end AND the soft back side would work on the nintendo switch but only the soft and less accurate back end works which makes this far less useful.
well, the item was as advertised. I bought this in May 2018 and about a week ago (around September 23) the left support strut in the undercarriage of the seat collapsed. Rendering the seat unusable. So maybe if you're a big person (I'm 240 pounds) you may want to give this a pass.
Stopped working after a couple of uses. Now, the air comes out from somewhere, but it's not the hose. I tried lubricating the steel pipes, and tightening up everything, but I can't find the source of the problem. I think the manufacturing tolerances are way too loose. It's very frustrating, as it should be easy to fix.
Product itself seems to do what it says it will do, but the scent is pretty nasty. Smells a bit like old after shave.
Spend a little more money and get something decent. I guess you get what you pay for.
It works fine but fell apart after I used it for wet vac operation.
It's super cheaply made and the string basically just falls apart and shreds itself. A lot of the beads had cracks in them and look plastic.
Not overly impressed
This is an OK little light. The magnet is not particularly strong, but it works ok on a textured surface. The clip is kind of flimsy, but it's functional. I've used it on a few weekend trips and the battery has never run out on me. My biggest problem with this product is that after just a handful of charges, the charging port has completely disappeared into the body of the light. There's no way to get the body of the light open to move the port back into place.
Made sound louder but more distortion that I removed app. The sound quality is poor.
It's not terrible, but I would save your money and purchase a tool bag. The organizer is cinched by a strap which does not stay very secure against the bucket's smooth surface. Wish I had figured this out before the return period ran out.
These ice cleats are sturdy and fit my boots fine. They are good on packed snow and ice that is not glare ice. I had to find my old cleats to use because I could hardly walk on the glare ice in my driveway that had a bit of water on top.
Not the original brush bristles open up not what I was looking for
You can find better for the money. It is ok.
I got a lemon this time. After couple of hours of fishing the Assassin, it made a grinding noise and the handle was hard to turn. I contacted the customer service to request a return/exchange and they reply back with some suggestions to do like oiling the reel and also checking the drag etc.... I sent a reply back, saying I've checked everything they've suggested but the reel is still same condition. I haven't heard any reply back about my return yet. I gave two stars because the potential is there. The first Assassin I ordered before, had no issues. Don't know what happen this time.
NEED STRONGER MAGNET. Every time wind blew it fell then it finally busted. CONCEPT WAS GREAT BUT POORLY BUILT
I do not pick flavors in protein bars. I am fine with all as ling as they taste neutral. This product has a very distinct and artificial smell (and taste caused by it) if you don't mind that chemical like smell, it's good value for money.
cover started falling off after one ride. Came unglued from the side.
Good movie trilogy and we enjoy it and we have only watched them twice and the one movie is already starting to mess up so the DVD quality is not that great which is a shame because we really enjoy the movies
I returned it before I opened the box. The description failed to mention that you had to sign up for automatic renewal.
These air mattresses are not self inflating as stated in the description. I took them on a canoe/camping trip this is weekend and they were much way larger, rolled up, than expected. Then once I unrolled them I found I still had to inflate them by self. I have them 2 stars because they were comfortable to sleep on considering their thickness but they provide no R value from the ground temp. They have been returned for a refund.
I am a beginning woodworker--I assume most people considering this planer are. I have used this enough that I wish I had bought the more expensive dewalt. When I plane any wood the depth screw/knob twists on it's own so I have to set up something so that does not happen. There doesn't seem to be anything to tighten to prevent this from happening. It also has major snipe. I have adjusted the in and outfeed tables very careful to be level, or have a slight drop and I always get major snipe. Perhaps an expert craftsman could adjust this to minimize the snipe, but I don't think that's the target of this type of tool (and I'm also skeptical that, for at least the exact machine that I have, that it's possible to mitigate). The snipe is enough that I have to plan to trim the last 6-9 inches of the board after planing. It's not something that can be sanded out. The positives are that, other than those major issues it does plane nicely, it's easy to use and quite simple.
Received it today but the light does not work. Returning for a replacement
Bits are soft and break or strip easily.
Good for 6 months then burnt out. Not the long life expectancy, as advertised unfortunately.
Item has quit working! Only had them a little over a month..
While I am reading it keeps going dark and light.
1st couple of weeks it worked awesome. Now it's very slow to charge or just stops. And when I say slow I mean slow. Go from 54% to 72% over 8 hours. I don't recommend it.
Not worth the hype. It's not as intense or long wearing as I expected. I'm going back to my NYX water proof liquid eye liner.
Hard to be satisfied with a product that does not hold the water you put in it. At first I thought it was condensation but it just keeps coming. Good thing I'll be stuck with for the next month on my road trip.
Honestly not sure why the rating is so high. It is an ill conceived design. Have to take take apart to fit through rails on seat post. This present issues when reassembly.
They really are too heavy to be practical. They seem like they are well constructed, but I would not want them on the trail. Maybe good for short walks in the park.
I received my candle and the glass was broken on the front side of the candle.
My hair lose more from this product. I last bought the same brand at cvs in smaller bottle and it was a lot better. Not sure if this is the same product or not but
It doesn't keep your hands warm
Don't waste your money
It's more of an issue with the device than the app but the app should work on any users profile. However, it does not work on the one profile it should, the kids profile. I have to let my son use my profile since the app does not work on his. I turned everything i could find on and it would not work. I would also like to mention i work for a software company doing tech support so i'm not a novice with technology. I will have to do some testing with other tablets but the amazon fire is not a good tablet for this app.
It only founds your key if the close by you. NOT GOOD WITH DISTANCE & THE APP IS VERY ANNOYING ON MY PHONE
This was not a good savings. I only pay $17 for a 40 oz. bag at Costco
It delivered with really bad conditions. Some oil and color was covered on the canvas.
The rolls are very small and they go quickly. It also Clogged out pipes up Because it doesn't dissolve well.
it looks cheap. you still have to buy the adapter for light/gopro.
I measured my pack, however ; it barely fit. I suggest when ordering, go one size up. I'm very disappointed ; especially since I took the time to measure my backpack.
I am very dissapointed in this product. I am on vacation in Grand Cayman and brought these for my trip. After 2 uses the lens started to delaminate. These goggles are not fog resistant! If the delaminating gets any worst I will need to purchase another set of goggles on the island. I can not recommend this product.
In spite of low price Poor quality and finishing
The latest update cuts the number of lives in half unless you pray to the Facebook gods. Previous version was riddled with adds. Enough. Uninstalled.
what I liked is the color scheme of the headlight. what I did not like it is heavy more heavy than any other headlight that I have used. also it was not as bright as advertise even with new fully charged batteries
Great product but way overpriced. With a little research you can find post-shave creams that work just as well. It's a shame because I really do like The Art of Shaving line of products but like I said they cost too much.
The handle is lose and a piece of the metal broke off
Poor quality! This wouldnt stay inflated.
Have not notice a difference
My fiance LOVES his skeletool... until his blade broke in less than a wk & I'm having a hard time finding replacement blades. Leatherman is supposed to be high quality & would have gotten 5 stars (bc my fiance uses it daily) but I'm not happy about the blade...which is pretty much the point of this tool.
nowhere near as pretty as picture
I get the impression that I wasn't the target audience? I don't know, this felt like a well made direct to DVD sort of movie. Had I watched it on Netflix or maybe the Included with Prime section I wouldn't have felt as cheated. Nice but not terrible or wonderful in any aspect. On a scale of "I want my time back" to "Dude you need to see this" I give this a solid "Meh!".
Doesn't work if you have another Alexa in the house
These shorts are fine for the price, I would have given them 4 stars but instead I give them 3 only because the zipper in on of the pockets broke, not a big deal since I usually don't carry things in my pockets while riding. the fit is good not too tight or too baggy. The adjustable waist is a nice feature.
I used this pen a lot on a normal basis. The click mechanism wore out quickly. I would only use it when I needed it and not to fidget with. The pen itself is robust and worked well until the mechanism wore out.
The good: For the price, the quality seems solid and the 9" inseam is a good length. The bad: I'm not sure why these shorts are listed as slim. The leg opening is 11" which is wider than many regular cut shorts and if you have slim legs these pretty much look like you're wearing a skirt.
You should know that the fabric of the back of this jacket is not the waterproof/windproof material that the front is and is much thinner, which I imagine would be very helpful to evaporate sweat while riding. I could only imagine freezing my sweaty back off on a cold mt. bike ride during a stop to fix a mechanical, so I sent it back.
not the best shampoo...overrated
So stiff that my daughter refuses to use them.
I am a bit disappointed in the sound quality especially if I combine 2 sounds like rain on the window and distant thunderstorm. I am going to rethink this purchase.
Previous ratings were low for accuracy and there is still flex after tightening the nuts to fix the position of the dividing points
This product came, very clearly, with the package sliced open. It appeared to work properly, but someone obviously opened it and sent it back........so lucky me. I'll leave it at 3 stars for now, since the product itself appears to work as advertised. Just not happy to get someone else's reject.
Item was slightly smaller than expected. Fine craftsmanship however the overall dimensions were less than what was expected
Doesn't have much butter flavor and seemed more like oil than a butter from a movie theater!
Not a great connection when pumping tre up.Struggle to get firm fitting.
I should have paid attention to the product description. I wanted a typing trainer software package to load onto my kids' PC, which I do not leave connected to the internet to avoid the necessity of constant monitoring. The description clearly states that the product being sold is an access key to an on-line class. Given our situation, the on-line nature of the course seriously limits its utility. Serves me right for not reading the product description. On the other hand, the classes themselves look decent. Training and repetition are limited compared to some of the old programs I used back in the 90's. The videos are ok, and the games are a lot prettier than what I grew up with, which I guess is good for engaging the kids.
For light-duty it is a very good flashlight. Nice and bright and can use basic batteries. Unfortunately I bought them for work. I've dropped two of them and both of them quit as soon as they hit the ground. So definitely not as durable as I need. If you're just using them around the house or in the car very good light. If your hard on lights then I would definitely avoid these. Get the small single AA tactical lights that can use the 14500 rechargeable lithium batteries. With the lithium batteries they are extremely bright and extremely durable. I've had two for almost 3 years and drop them constantly. Even dropped one nearly 12 feet onto concrete. Never had a problem with them.
This produce is good for light light sanding but nothing more.
Didn't care for the flavor. Seemed garlicky
Item was very bulky around the arms and thin around the waste. Cuffs were just hot glued on and sewed: you could see the glue.
The product was fine just not the right size. They were way too small for what I needed. I will try and find a different craft to use them.
Great sleeping bag compact and light but can't get it back in the bag . Three people tried to get it in the bag and none of us could ended up ripping the bag .
Right hand was painful to wear as the pinky & ring finger was wrapped so tight It felt like a tourniquet was on them. I ordered the large thinking I would have extra room? left hand was tight but tolerable. I hope the leather stretches ? Otherwise I may return them?
Cannot use right out of the box on the back of Winnebago motorhome. The receiver is tucked under the rear of the coach and in order to use this carrier the pedals and handlebars need to be removed. I gave 3 stars because while the rack is well designed and well made, nowhere does it say it won't extend far enough. I read a lot of reviews here before I bought it, and came back and read more trying to figure out what my next move would be. One reviewer mentioned an extension, and I found one here at Amazon designed just for this purpose -- to use a bike rack. It's annoying a product made for an RV doesn't not state it is designed to work on only a trailer or class C camper. Another issue is we will not be able to use either our furnace or generator while it's inserted in the receiver. In my photo you can see the receiver under the body of the coach. The two vents in the center are for the gas furnace and the tiny pipe in the lower left of the picture is the generator exhaust pipe. While the furnace is not an issue, in California's 100°+ Central Valley, we frequently run our generator while traveling to power our air conditioning. I'm not certain it's possible with bikes a mere inches from the exhaust.
Ok movie, but at a great price.
I would give this movie a 3.5 stars instead of a 3 if it were possible. We liked the movie, however, it moved way too fast and the characters were not as well developed as in other versions of this same film. So, if you just want a quick version of this movie, this one will work well. If you want more development, I would recommend the Sony Pictures Classics version of this movie.
It could not take very many drops before the light stopped working correctly on all settings. High setting has started to behave like low setting.
This looks nice and is something I could make myself in 2 hours if I wasn't feeling lazy. I think the feet should have a bit of rubber to keep it from sliding on smooth surface flooring if you don't have the perfect angle against the wall.
I find this game pretty entertaining but sometimes you run out of things to do, and it is no longer fun.
The lining of the jacket isn't as thick as I thought or wanted. Not worth going through the hassle of sending it back.
Product fits my daughter's new tablet perfectly and I love the design. I was a little bummed the case came damaged when there was no damage to the outer packaging. My kiddo is 8 so there's no sending it back and waiting for the replacement. Still, I'm happy with the purchase overall
I use goggles for mowing and since I mow of an evening a clear lens is necessary. This item did not come with that.
I am 5'7 200lbs and I usually wear a 14 but ordered a 16 based on reviews and also I asked other persons who bought. The 16 is small, an 18 would have been better. I am on a weight loss journey so I guess it will fit better in a few weeks. I ordered 2 colors and they both fit tight.
Prompt customer service but the straw didn't fit the size of the bottle
cant seem to get them tight around the skis end up sliding up and down the ski... they function ok but wish they would grab better
That it came fast,but the nuts that is supposed to with the bolts are not here.
It's so tiny, and difficult to keep the light on.
Not really a movie plays more like a promo for the game so it doesn't end
It's a great series, but I haven't been able to watch because they are international and my dvd player won't play them.
This item arrived quickly via Amazon Prime. The picture quality of this Blu-ray is decent. While the image holds it's definition on larger screens, there just doesn't seem to be any "remarkable" increase in sharpness or visual quality over the DVD. I found no issues with the audio presentation. Everything sounded perfectly clear. This season definitely sets itself apart in terms of style. Rich and vibrant colors are plentiful, and there is no shortage of music. Characters are well fleshed out and I found the writing to be adequate. Wes Bentley handles a leading role as best he can, but Evan Peters portrayal of the psychotic Mr. March was worth the price of admission alone. Series regular Jessica Lange did not return for this season, but her absence is barely noticeable. All in all, it's an interesting season. It's extreme in all the ways that a story about a hotel full of psychopaths, vampires and murderous spirits could be. While the presentation is not as vivid as I'd hoped to see on Blu-ray, the extra physical durability and slight visual uptick in picture quality delivered by the format still make this a solid choice over the DVD.
Definitely not the Disney versions if that's what you're looking for. Old versions of the movies. My daughter enjoyed some of them.
This movie should/must have a designed plot. My wife and I never found it. We wanted to like it more than we liked it. Not bad, not great like its cousins. There are good moments that might make it worth seeing, but a fair number of slow, weak ones where you wondered when is this movie picking up steam. I wouldn't buy, I'd rent. And I've bought all Harry Potters in blue ray or better. This one is my only almost regret.
For the price, I guess they are worth it. The metal is thin and the lid is not weather proof by any means. The lid is a single piece of metal that has the edges bent down and the corners of the lid are not even completely welded,they have gaps on the bottom edges.
This carrier was missing several parts, the whole back tire piece for a second bike. At first it wasn't an issue because I only attached the parts for one bike. But less than a month after using the carrier, the whole back tire piece fell off the carrier in transit to pick up the bike. Have no visual of the carrier when It is attached to the receiver on the back of my RV. Since the back tire part is the most lightweight piece of the carrier did not notice exactly when that piece fell off. Swagman, required me to provide pictures of the carrier. I attached a pic of the carrier assembled on the rack as well as all the parts for the second bike carrier that were still in the box. Stated in the form at Swagman.net that the parts for the second back tire part of the carrier were missing in the original shipment. Swagman sent me ONLY the back tire well but not the belt and buckle. When I called about that the woman was very curt over the phone. The strap and the buckle were sent but no directions on how to attach the strap to the tire well. In the assembly directions on Swagman.net there is no mention of attaching that part. A tech staff at Swagman told me that in the original shipment the belt and buckle are already attached to the tire well. When I asked if that part could be shipped assembled he said that wasn't possible. Googled you tube for directions without success. Basically I have a non-working carrier and the manufacturer doesn't seem to care that there's a major blip in providing good customer service. Unfortunately, there is no other bike carrier that is rated for transport for the back of an RV. But I cannot recommend this carrier due to the issue with pieces falling off the carrier when moving the trailer to pick up the bike.
Overall it works. The only minor issue i had was it leaks a little bit when you're putting on a top loading water dispenser but other than, i say purchase it.
Headlamp quit working on second day of use. Company refunded money.
I purchased these replacement wheels back in November 2018 and 1 of the wheels has already broken off.
My husband liked this but preferred the fresh brand
I was really disappointed by this stuff. Some reviews said it was great for fine hair, but unfortunately, it made my very fine hair greasy and weighed it down. I've used a very small amount and tried it for a few weeks, but it just isn't working for me. It would probably be ok for semi-fine hair, but my search for a shine and anti-frizz product that works on truly super fine hair continues!
Good product but smaller that I excepted.
The disk drive tray has the two slots as expected, the larger DVD slot is perfect but the mini disk slot is NOT deep enough to keep the game disk stable. It'll knock loose easily and damage the disk so I suggest transferring the game disk onto a USB drive, or a larger disk, if you have the knowledge. And the battery does NOT last to 5 hours, even with a full charge! We've been getting maybe a little over an hour of play with it but so far it has not played a single full movie so I think we might have gotten a bad battery. The game controller works very well and is easy enough to use for a toddler so happy with that. The sound is great, as well as the video playback. Overall, it's okay but it definitely needs a slight upgrade to the mini disk slot and a second check on battery life before shipment.
Fun games but don't play new Extravagant Easter...ripoff. Lose 1 billion and win 20 million. Texas Tycoon is best option.
It kicks me out of a match so much times
Neck too long for smithing, good hammer though.
The flashlight works great but the USB charging port has never charged the batteries.
Thread started to come off after few use.
This product was not what I needed for my dark spots.
Though the ease and simplicity of the fire Roku wish it would not keep freezing up on me ended up going to a Amazon Fire stick sorry guys
So far I have only used this once but it will come In handy as the weather get worse here and we have to be outside for soccer games. It is deep enough for a chair or two and the windows on the side make it Possible to still see the game While sitting far back inside it.
Comfortable, but low quality material
It's ok. Wish they carried the unflavored version in this pack, the vanilla is too sweet. Otherwise, it's fine. Good to have on hand since you don't have to refrigerate.
It might be a fun game but it will take some practice to use the shooter. The ghosts move fast. I can't say it's a bad game because I don't play games that require total attention. I like to watch TV while I play. Solitaire and puzzles and games like Balloon Pop and bowling are the kind of games I play.
OK in an emergency but does not feel very sturdy to me, and I'm average weight female. I wish I had gotten the more sturdy version. Also the legs can be really difficult to open. It does pack up small so is handy to have for a back up. Maybe with practice the legs get easier to unfold.
Not impressed about the "rubber boot" covering the plug , but you get what you pay for .
Feels like I bought a knife kit more than a finished product. Handle is roughly shaped and poorly fit to the liners & bolster. Blades are sharp but sloppily ground. With some sandpaper, a wet stone and some WD40, this ought to make a descent knife. Just glad I looked before wrapping it up for Christmas.
The lid itself is hard to screw on The bottle is quite wide itself to hold Coldest water I have ever had :)
On the plus side, it'll definitely protect your juul and pods and it's made pretty well. I like the magnets inside that snap the cover back on nicely. However, it's only designed for juul brand pods. If you buy any 3rd party pods made for Juul, they will not fit in either "extra pod" slot and if your juul has one inserted it will not fit in its slot either. I personally use the third party pods far more often (I think they taste better) so I was very disappointed. This will collect dust in my room. Also it's a lot bulkier in person and a little heavier than I'd like since I planned on keeping it on my pocket. (Probably better for someone who carries a purse/satchel)
The lids are not always secure and sometimes leak
I was expecting the charm to be slightly bigger, smaller than a quarter, needless to say it still looks buzz worthy.
I returned this, as I discovered that it didn't come with the actual fabric end, with the zippered door. I do have a shelter with a zippered door, and I do very much like the roll-up door kit that I have in that. Makes it much easier to roll up a door for shelter access.
The case was badly broken, but the disk was OK.
I would have liked to have been able to include a greeting.
amazon shows it was delivered but I never received it.
When I received this hitch pin it wouldn't work. I thought I was going to send it back but after looking at it real close I saw a spring had popped out of the little hole in one of the wings. Using needle nose plyers I was able to get the end of the spring back into its little hole. It is working just as it should now but I will be carful when I use it on my tractor and lawn sweeper.
The colors shown don't match the written description. We ordered what was written and received what was pictured. We weren't worried about the color but if you are make sure you clarify what you are getting. The cooler itself is great.
Video low quality. Great sound. Video comes and goes into focus. The show itself is fantastic. Shipping was awesome.
Was really excited about product to clean the oven top and bathroom but did not hit expectation. Battery life 10-15 min on a charge torque limited to dig in.
Lightweight and compact able with good grip and quality.
I was very excited when I received this product. It was what I expected but I was greatly surprised how much I could fit in the bag. I was using it for my children's clothes on a flight to Florida on spirit airlines so it was the perfect size. My only complaint is that after one use the seams are ripping on 2 out of 3 bags we used, And that there is no longer handle on the bag.
What ALWAYS gets me is the ads I see while playing other games, where you have to pick the correct object or tool, but when I download, it's always the same format....match 3 in a row, collect coins, buy stuff. I agree also with the comments that to continue on is expensive, 500 coins.
Not as fast as plastic sleds
Works good for your wrist but not that comfortable to wear for a Long period of time
The stupid game doesn't work on kindle fire and I wish it did
Ordered pink, but the color I received is Lavender. Kept anyway....would have preferred the color I ordered. Also the texture is very rough and shows through shirts...definitely not a t-shirt bra unless you don't mind lumpy looking breasts.
Nice for the price could have better instructions. One connection broke when putting it together but was easy to fix
It's a nice bag for phones, keys, and a wallet. Not really big enough for more than 1 water bottle. also, it doesn't sit up as high on the handle bars as it does on the picture. It actually kind of slumps down to were the top of the basket is facing outward .
Very fun. Bigger players are bullies , though. Pay to win, for sure.
Wasn't satisfied at all.
I only gave this 3 starts because.........I bought 2 of these. One worked fine and I like being able to power the Fire Stick from the UBS port right off the TV. However, the second one did not work. Must have been a problem with it's power supply because it constantly turned on and off.
It buy pretty good size but when we attached together it was lot of space between parts of the carpet
Leaks, wish the magnetic cover had rubber gasket around it, it's ok to use for commute in a car but at that point might as well use a paper cup with a cover.
Would really love if the replacement lens could be bought separately
It does not work (at all) on round frame bikes; I have a Trek mountain bike (so a pretty typical mountain bike) and it has a round frame, and my road bike also has a round frame. I didn't realize the significance of checking if I had a round frame before I purchased it (as its description seemed to indicate it was so universal).
Very chic, clean, and easy to use. However, after having got just a few months the band has begun to snag my clothing or the clothing if others. Wish this wasn't the case & now I'm stuck with it.
This took over a month to get here. The direction to assemble it are pour. The product was bent and was difficult to put together. The motor made a horrible noise when we turned it on and we had to take apart the motor case a fix the motor before it would work...don't buy from this company. I a betting it won't last a year.
Good price. A bit on the thin side, but worth what it costs.
Not easy for me to use. Some others may love it. No problems with seller at all.
Looks good but a bit bulky
Water bottle holder should be on the opposing side of the bag. Also only gaving one zipper means you still can only unzip it from one side defeating the purpose of the versatile strap to either side.
They work great, awesome idea, however Im glad I bought a warranty, seems to be of very low quality..
Hello - Just after a few uses the air mattress leaks when I pump it up. I've woken up twice on the floor with no air in the bed. How do I go about honoring the warranty? Thanks for your help.
Okay film. Glad I did no to movie theatre to see it
Nothing to this. Just 8x11 size paper. Need to use a pretty frame
Shipment arrived with three punctured pouches that emptied out all over the box. Otherwise, pouches are as advertised. Haven't sampled yet, as we're saving them for emergency.
Good enough. For the price, I'll take it, it gets the job done but you definitely get what you pay for. The edge of the scraper isnt true. Its cupped an old 2x4 so that's less than ideal
Very fragile and difficult to get the battery pack in the middle. Could not even put one on the front spokes are too narrow for the battery pack to fit through.
Loved the shirts just took forever to get them!
Okay used with several ideas and possibilities.
it was just okay, too modernized
Bottom not cooked when top is baked
I was very impressed with the brightness. However, the flashlight stopped working on the second day. I would be glad to improve the rating if the manufacturer corrects the problem.
Took several days for the DVD player to ship. Once it did, it got here very fast. The packaging was what I was most unhappy about. There was none. No paper, no shipping box, just the box the product itself came in. Not a great business choice in my opinion. I don't live in the best of neighborhoods, and with people being as they are, shipping any piece of technology clearly showing what the item is, is just asking for it to be stolen. (See pic) I haven't checked the actual product yet, hopefully it works. But I won't be buying from this seller again. Too much risk.
I have been looking for something I liked as much as Benefit's Gimme Brow. I think this is a nice dupe, however, the shade is too dark for me. I have dark eyebrow hair, brown hair, and pale skin. It looks too dramatically dark even though my eyebrow hairs are black.
Didnt realize how small, returning
Iron power is not enough for smooth, one motion waxing; continues wax application. Temperature settings is not stable and not accurate. Nevertheless, it does job.... just.
Overall it's a good sleeping bag with plenty of space, but trying to put it back into the provided stuff sack is like wrestling a greased pig.
The application runs too slow on 3 year old Amazon Fire 7!!
I thought the beets would be great, but they were black and yucky.
These work fine if you want to save the soda for a few hours, but any more time than that and the soda goes flat as if there was no cap on it at all.
For the money wasn't bad. I went few hours on the river and was ok. The 200 I bought cake and didn't realize it came with a leak until we were half hour in. And at that time right out box and had not had a chance to drag or hit a rock and was slow leak and didn't notice till we were half hour in. Was a miserable trip after that. No cell service where we were at and no roads
It works fine but a big reason we got this one is that it says the battery can last up to 5 hours. Maybe this means if you don't play a movie and just leave it on. Either way, the battery lasts less than 2 hours. Our kids can watch Toy Story one an half times before the battery dies. Other than that it's great for kids on long car rides.
I cannot get into the apps that I have on my iPhone. It's very frustrating! Seems to push me to apps that are similar which I do not like. I would not recommend it. The positive is that it's very durable.
I like the product and I want to give it 5 out of 5 but the problem is that my box had ants. I just tossed the box. I had ants delivered to me....
Movie is great. Shipping was not. Pay for two day shipping and didn't receive it in two days. What exactly am I paying for?
Cute movie but it did not match the story line of the book. Really should have been given another name. My 6 year old lost interest about 1/2 way through but my husband and I watched it.
i liked this products, many colors of acrylic paint for said price. Only downside to it would be the pigment. I'm not sure if it was just my batch but it seems to me that these colors aren't as bold in color as other acrylic paints i've used before. Any of the paints i've used before only needed 1 coat of paint, this is sheer to where i have to add at least 2 or 3 coats for it not to have the transparent sheer type look. IDK man, but this was my experience
This item is great because there are multiple pieces in the bag, but the belly rings break easy.
Daughter is 1 she can pull the nozzle out and the water dumps everywhere
My fav brand is Braggs, so tried this one, wasn't too bad but I didn't like how it was in a plastic container.
I have bought two pairs of these, one teal frame and one black frame. I like the size/shape and the gray lenses. However, both pairs have started deforming on the ear ends and are rippled and bumpy.
Some are not attached to the necklace holes
Case fit great and had a great clip for belts, but the plastic is very weak and only lasts so long. Have to be very careful when removing from belt. mine just snapped off.
I'ts okey.Didn't use yet.
I enjoy movies from this time period, mainly cause I love seeing the antique furniture , buildings, etc. And I love George Sanders and his brother...Tom Conway. This set has some good story lines, and the pictures are clear and sound very good. My only complaint is the way they kept using the same actors and actresses all throughout these movies. Acting is very good though...but the sameness gets redundant and a bit boring. Some of the same lines are used, throughout the movies. I was born shortly after these movies were filmed, and I recall much of what appears in them...the building styles, furniture styles to some extent, and some of the clothing styles were still popular in the 1950's. ..I was a very young girl but I recall a lot of this. Brings back memories. Was a simpler life back then...slower, more easy going. People were nicer to one another and more polite. I miss that.
Bike came 97% assembled and was packed very well. It was very easy to unpack and fold to ready position. Just had to attach one pedal , tighten some bolts and your done. Bike was moderately heavy but felt sturdy. The only problem I had with the bike was the back brake. It wouldn't adjust correctly and was rubbing against the rim. I took it to a bike shop and was told that the back brake spring was bent and needed to be changed. Unfortunately I was not happy and returned the bike.
It's a decent fan but don't expect this to cool down a room. The ice tray doesn't come out that far so if you have thick ice cubes you won't be able to get them in.
Fun but got tired with it
Nice full coverage mask but difficult to breathe with the mask on especially during the hot summertime. Wish there was a way this mask could be made with two thinner pieces of fabric (outer and liner) so breathing would be a little easier. Or, add one of those plastic gizmos that lets one breathe air easily.
Very small container
Very pretty, but these earrings are on the heavy side. I can't wear them for long periods of time.
Unfortunately, not led. Other than that.. OK!
Please fix this I just downloaded this and now it tends to crash and then reset which really gets me mad. Please fix this or I will delete it
Does not hold as much as I was hoping for jury still out on ice melt time
While a nice gift, this is quiet overpriced for its tiny size.
Love the product but in shipping the oil had leaked some. Didn't leak totally but did leak all over the bottle and box.
The video itself looks good. My memory must have faded as I remembered this movie as being much funnier. Or maybe I just need to imbibe while watching it.
Was useful, but taked to much time to deliver the gift card code.
Shirt fits and looks like it does on model. However I thought it would be a distressed material (soft and worn in) but it's pretty stiff
You send out a warranty plan but it is neglected to say for what purchase its made out to.
Not a lot of flavor?
Small cheap box. The only redeeming quality is how awesome it sounds. It is not worth the 20 bucks I spent on it.
The boot inserts are already coming up out of the plastic shell. Also, little pieces are falling off the skate. Disappointed in the quality.
The biggest flaw of this game are the pictures themselves. The title of the game is 4 Pics 1 Word but the picture quality is terrible. I have tried this game on multiple devices thinking it is the device but it is the game. If the picture quality were better I would give the game a higher rating.
Use the product for hanging things of bags and backpacks....very worthwhile
don't like that I have to buy upgrades
They nice they are more of wind riders so I have to learn a new push but try sexy so u did good
I liked the size of the bag, I'm 6'2" and over 200 Lbs. The materials seem fine, used it during a 6 day trip in mountains. The padding was so thin I had to wear extra clothing at night. It didn't really work in 60 degree weather.
Its just what I expected.No issues and ahead on delivery time.
Beautiful projector...was it supposed to include a tripod...other then that its perfect
Low quality slides and there wasn't so much as a piece of paper for instructions. I figured it out, kinda. I made it work anyway. The tool that comes with it is of good quality but it doesn't really tell you the best way to use it and I ended up using some needle nose pliers I had at home. I would be ok with the mediocre quality of the metal seeing as you get so many options if it came with any kind of instructions. So I can in good faith only give this a mediocre rating.
Great product and affordable
Not sure why everyone loves this product. It's ok. NYX HD concealer is much better
The product does what I want it to do. It has kept my neck and face warm in the winter. Although it is easy to pull out the threads and it is a little scratchy. Would recommend getting a different one
What can I say- it's sandpaper. It works.
Not as good as some other cd's
Very nice wrench holder but extremely pricy for plastic
great product, just what we needed
Beautiful cinematography, costuming, and actors. But the story was dull. Deadly dull. With such an all-star cast and all the beautiful cinematography and costumes... I expected more.
This is so-so. Doesn't fit curves and angles as precisely as expected but it will help somewhat.
My child seems to like this one slightly better.
Not fast enough. To much other stuff going on
Echo does work okay, likely better in US then Canada. Lot of features require subscription, wish I could play my own music library
I marked it down because the large ratchet screw driver broke immediately and only worked to unscrew. I threw it out and replaced it with one from another part set. otherwise good set.
It's a pretty good light but you have to whack it on the ground once in a while because there's something loose inside
Cousin Miguel had scabies. Black pads cleaned his skin OK.
They are ok for the price I guess. Do not get a drop of water around them or they will rust super fast.if I i would of known the quality of these i would of bought something else but for now they get the job done.
Cool tv but the volume is way to low.
We loved them, but the batteries only lasted about a week and then needed replaced. With over 10 of these, it was going to be expensive replacing the batteries each week or two.
This product needs a redesign, unless you like drinking warm water. Here is my experience. I filled the infuser with cut up strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries. I filled the product with cold water from my ice dispenser from my refrigerator. I knew I had to fill the water first before the ice so the infuser would fit after fruit filling. Now, keep in mind it is August. My air conditioning in my home is set at 74 degrees, I live in Virginia, it is humid here. My water was warm within 30 minutes. I am not a fan of drinking warm water in hot, humid weather. After adding the crushed ice to the product it was difficult make it fit in around the infuser. I managed to get the product half full with ice. Once I finished the drinking the (fruit) flavored water, I hand washed the product and put it in a box for donation. This product is not for me. I am looking for a product that can be fruit infused and keep the water cold without all the fruit floating around in the drinking container. Someone out there will design this product, eventually. My search continues...
Would love the hat if it wasn't make so cheap. The side button rip off after two months of usage.
Went unused so we returned it.
I orderd them for my boyfriend to use when he makes shirts on his heat press. He said they were too big so I am going to send them back.
Even though this is suppose to fit our model shop vac, we have a hard time putting the top on. I believe it is a bit higher than the original one that came with our shop vac. It took some time and effort to get the top latched properly.
Works good, be very careful using this as it will grab and kick easily it cuts aggressively so use it for rough shaping, not final shaping. Be sure to have your guard in place. cuts better than it shapes. Wear full face guard as it will kick back wood chips pretty fast. The one I received was just a Horrible Freight Item that had the label covered with a sticker. If you have one of those stores closer locally it would be a better value to go there.
Not happy with this product. Most terrible quality. Not what I was expecting.
Excited to use but purchased as a gift
excellent product probably for seasoned campers/hikers but for occasional campers staying in a cabin with no mattresses this didn't work for me. I weigh 180 and this item didn't give me much comfort..but if your a seasoned hiker/camper it may be perfect for you..very light to carry, easy to inflate and deflate..
Cute, falls apart after the first wash or two (even in a lingerie bag/delicate cycle). Good for a costume or occasional wear.
Tried this format, but didn't like it compared to standard snorkel & mask. I purchased for a snorkel trip at the request of my daughter, but when I tested in my pool, I didn't like the way it worked.
Only got it for the soccer
my girlfriend says they are more pink than red
Not like eating a cardboard low carb cookie, so that was a plus. It needs a little more vanilla flavor as it appears to be lacking something. Ah yes, the carbs. lol
After talking to med professionals this isn't going to work unless I drill holes in my nail to get to the bed where the fungus lies. I does seem to gnaw at the outer layers of the nail clearing it somewhat.
From the pictures I thought this was in a frame, however it's exactly what I ordered.
There Movies Aren't the Best But They Are Classics However The Quality Isn't There But That's me
I wanted to fix a favorite sweatshirt with a broken (standard size) zipper. I figured with so many options in this surely I could find the right size. Nope. Most of these are very small. Perhaps meant for children's clothes? Had to go to Joann fabrics instead. I was able to use a zipper stop from this kit, but otherwise not for what I needed. *** Updated: my above review stands. However, the company contacted me to offer a full refund or a replacement of a different item from their store based on my review. I do appreciate a company with good customer service, so even though this particular item wasn't helpful to me, I appreciate a company that stands by their products.
The small impact driver stop working after 6 months of use.
It's slightly flimsy and I'm unsure it will adequately hold a mountain and road bike, but time will tell. Be careful installing as it can easily crack drywall if there is no brace in the location you select (see picture)
Great looking bar tape but once it goes on the bars, it's not coming off. On other bar tape, if you change your mind you can unroll it and save it for a different bike. With this particular brand and type, it will tear into pieces and not be usable afterwards. Other than that, cool looking design.
ordered a small and was still too big.
Needs a quick release like a cam lock. It takes too long to free the camera from the gimbal when the gimbal is mounted on my chest or something like a vehicle and you want to shoot say an animal running off the side of a trail and you are on a bike. I'm missing good B roll shots.
A little repetitive and did not really grasp my child's attention the way I thought.
it arrived with a tear in the screen -- we were in desperate need so i kept it but that was disappointing.
Base could be a little wider and weighted. It tips over easily.
Be careful! Does not securely clip. Easily comes apart under a little pull. Which is not ideal since it's a knife 😳
I'm a huge fan of both Chicago and The Doobie Brothers. I watched a 2014 concert video with Chicago and Earth, Wind, and Fire. Each group did at least 45 mins on their own and then when they combined, the synergy was awesome. Expecting the same here with my 2 most favorite groups, but ... The Doobie Brothers join for 3 Chicago songs at the end and never perform anything on their own, very disappointing. Having said that, the audio mix was ... interesting, not great, not horrible, probably more one of those 'you had to be there' situations, but then what's the point of the DVD for those of us who couldn't? Really enjoyed the interviews, been a huge fan since they started 50 years ago. I enjoyed all the music in this concert, made it through the fan sing, great idea, may not have needed to be included in the DVD IMO, but great fundraiser idea.
Bought multiple. Most of the charging cords didn't work. Didn't contact the manufacturer. Better designs exist out there these days. With a new cord it works as advertised though.
It's not Prometheus, but I'm still glad they released it, ties something together.
Haven't used yet. Looks great!
good for stripping wire and some what at cutting....but the pliers dont crimp connectors at all, the pliers buckle like scissors before crimping....
The backpack is great; small enough for on the go (running, walking, etc). However, the actual hydration blatter is ineffective. The opening is on the side rather than on the top, therefore you can't fill it all the way up. So it's more like 1.7L
Not a bad lube, but I've moved on to waxing and there is really no fair comparison I can make there...
I bought this to take my camelbak to an amusement park in the heat. I think it keeps the water in the tube a little bit cooler, but there wasn't a huge difference. I was hoping for more.
It will do the work, but in the first use I notice dropped RPM's when in contact with surface and it is very noticeable. If you want it for light work and headlights I believe it would work for that but If given the opportunity I wouldn't buy it again, I'll save money and buy a better one.
The regular lids are fine but these are perfect for car rides or any type of travel. I wouldn't recommend holding this upside or anything crazy as it may dribble a little of you do so. But not a bad lid.
Was a lot of fun but WAAAY too short for $5.
I can't believe they took out the talk-to-text feature. Unless you want to ask Alexa something in general you are out of luck. Back to using the keyboard for Emails, Facebook, etc. Spent 35 minutes on and off hold with Amazon trying to get this information. It's a huge pain and inconvenience for me and would keep me from purchasing in the future. Not sure if it was a new one they sent me as it had a pin sized HOLE/scratched on the screen which I noticed when I was trying to install the screen protector. I'm too overwhelmed to try and deal with returning it. Good storage capacity, 32GB. Colors unavailable without "Special Offers". My upgrade d feels like a downgrade. Sadly, not really thrilled with my purchase. :(
Arrived on time but fit was to big
Doesn't fit right on my kids head. Its either too tight or too loose. When he falls down it just falls off. Just pray it stays on ok, thanks.
The sleeves themselves are perfectly fine but we bought them to use on a display board and they were too big for the 5 x 7 photos that we were mounting. We needed to trim them and fold over the excess. We had previously gotten different sleeves for 4 x 6 photos and those fit perfectly.
Not my favorite game in the world
It's a good product but for value and what you get it's kinda over priced. Does that mean it's a bad product, no. I like nice things and I'm willing to pay for it but this is just decent.
The 48 oz stands up at least 12 inches high when full. I would also be concerned about anything slightly sharp poking a hole in it. I bought this for a specific purpose when camping which I think it will do well for. I do not know that I would pack it in my backpack and carry it around full of water. I would be afraid of a hole soaking all my gear/clothes.
I have several pairs of these socks. They stay up, almost to the knee. They would be the perfect boot socks, except they wear through on the toe and heel far too quickly. I don't walk enough to wear holes in any sock within six months, but these have holes in nearly every pair. I hang-dry them, so they are not abused. Too bad. When they don't have holes, they are my favorite socks!
Missing a couple of o rings and one was cut and another deformed
I didn't like the plastic base
Was hoping they would last longer, especially for the price. Started to come undone on its own.
This would be a 5 star review if the XL that I ordered didn't fit like an undersized Large. That's even BEFORE washing.
My white teeth aren't any whiter and it doesn't seem to kill the germs and bad breathe any more than the other brands. I have used this item for well over a month with the same coffee stained teeth. You're best off going to the dentist to get a full cleaning. Which reminds me I'm due for a visit. Better to purchase some white stripes, these things won't do any miracle work.
I like the app but it doesn't seem to link well with the actual wiggy.
I want to get Colin Firth's agent and wring his neck. Firth is too often cast in a film that does not require him to act, and here he is an animated mannequin with a stunt double used once in a while. And the ending is a DUD, designed only to allow a sequel, which this movie should not have - unless you don't care what Firth is in as long as they grind out second class material for a first class actor.
case broke shortly after couple day of use.
I haven't played game. It was downloaded to entertain my grand daughter.
Heavy and thick material
Too small, but it was my mistake since I did not notice on the description the size. Anyway, I know that my son will love the product. Excellent quality. Thank you
Bought these to help protect my arms a little from animal bites but they're so tight that when you put them on, the fabric stretches to the point of where it crates gaps that animal claws and teeth can easily get through.
These seem fine; visually I cannot see anything wrong with the cords, and the colors are quite nice. I will have to return, however. With the exception of specifically approved companies, China is not on our approved country-of-origin list for any safety-related equipment. Unfortunately, I only saw the incorrect answers in the Q&A section when I purchased (nor was there any Chinese lettering in the Product Description section as there currently is). I'm sure the bungee cords are fine, but rules are rules.
What a shame! I like these kids, music is fine, if you have want to debate their value sounding like Zeppelin well that is another story. The vinyl sound like an mp3, compressed as hell, the drums sound like there is a thick blanket over the entire kit. Very unfortunate.
Works except I can't get it to go free flow. I've had to bite, pull, and suck it. In order to properly clean, I needed to order a tube brush.
It doesn't give a clear picture of the stud
Inhave 3 starts because I believe a few of the facts are a little off
Overall a great cover, great look, but the back stand to hold my tab does not function quite well.
It took to long to to get to me
springs not strong enough for my liking
It is good to know that my purchases on Amazon have a protection plan. I have not had to use it yet, but having its availability at time of purchase is a positive.
My large dog was able to break through the zipped up door, causing it to tear by the zipper lining.
You get it and its so cute, but it is not possible to wash off concealer or foundation .It is supper hard not squishy at all. Don't buy this
the cap doesnt seal very well and will leak if tipped over.
Not melodic. But intriguing. And a real indictment (with a twist) of how the next generation sees itself.
Our tv keeps going black for a few seconds before continuing whats on the screen. Please advise.
Unimpressed for the price paid.
the ones i ordered came bent, another girl i know had more rounded ones with the same exact number, and another lash artist loves hers so i guess order at your own risk.. i returned mine
The cases the bits come in are cheap and most had broken hinges.
It's a good speaker but not as loud as I expected
Way too big! Much bigger than expected. Had to buy my son in law a different one because this was way to big for bringing to work
don't last long on full charge the 2.0 that came with drill last longer
This came in the mail fairly quick and it looks cute but I wore it for a week and the silver color started coming off the area around the clasp and it was turning my wrist green. I'm disappointed because it is a cute band!
I've always been a fan of CatEye products but this just seem too small for me. As an eyeglass wearer, the small size made it difficult for me to read while riding and even more difficult with single (long distance) vision prescription sunglasses. I ended up getting a larger computer for my biking needs.
Didnt get the tool for picking up the rhinestones.!!!! They don't shine at all.!
Oh they're well made and I'll probably get my moneys worth out of them. They're just not as warm as I'd hoped. They could be but for one flaw, the fingers are too tight. The problem for any glove that's meant to keep your hands warm is it will fail if the fingers are at all snug. They need to be loose. Any tightness, even slight, will slow circulation and the more that's the case the sooner your fingers get cold. I'm always looking for larger gloves if part of their purpose is to keep my hands warm. It was the XXL size that tempted me. It seems I can seldom find gloves that are not tight, and it's not my hands. I think I have pretty average size hands for a person of 6 ft. My fingers are neither abnormally long nor thick, if anything a little on the thin side. Also the fingers are none too long. My wife is 5 ft 6, has long fingers and the fingers of these gloves are none too long for her and none too loose. The palm part in fine for me but way too big for her. Realize these gloves aren't designed for really cold weather what with their fabric back that lets the air blow through, but they fail even for the temperature range for which they were designed because the fingers are too tight.
It's alright. Nothing to get excited about.
Use on Presta use requires to thread the pump onto the valve. One a tubeless setup, where the valve core is removable, the valve core will at least loosen if not be removed when you remove the pump. Note, valve cores should not be over tightened, so that is not the solution. If only ever want to use on tubes, without value cores, then it works okay.
It looks like it would be great but the holes were bigger than expected or should be and i have a big hookah so i didnt think it would be a problem but unfortunately i cannot use
I liked the set but there is a hole in the finger of the glove. I live in Florida but will go to See my grandchildren in New Jersey for Christmas. Don't want to return it but just letting you know.
cheaply built, very easy to break and not a long shelf life.
Great product, but the instructions and pictures seem to be written by an infant that doesnt speak english.... opening is easy as you just step back, but closing it up is a pain
You get what you pay, the tool is just acceptable, fit the price I was able to paid, but not expect the performance of the dewalt, sorry I sold mine few years ago,I believe the precision will be the main con, also the machine seems to like go away from my hands.
It give a download speed but hard to read
They did stay charged lone enough
The package was weird I thought I only got one Stark had to turn around and go back and ask.
Smells amazing but not very moisturizing
Stops and closes unexpectedly, even during bonus program, you have to restart and lose coins won.
Handy app if you play the Lottery.
Just a Good Average product , I get some Light Glare because it is Close to my Head. On a Hat it is OK
Blankets are a bit thin - but OK
Tried this along with a pack of the Ultra Soft. I prefer the Ultra Soft and will be buying more. This Ultra Strong is okay as far as the "strong" goes, but I like my tissue a lot softer. This one reminded me of tissue that's used in office building restrooms. Since I have fallen in love with the Soft version, I will be putting this out for when kids visit me. LOL
Product cuts the tiles well, however, the product came with a dent on the right side of the base, causing the entire device to be uneven. I actually had to remove the ruler and leveling part and cut the tiles from the other side or they were more prone to bad cuts.
Nice tires , but can't seem to find out anything about warranty
This was the second one I bought because the first one worked really well. I took it to a trip overseas, used it and left it with the family I was staying with. But this second one will not hold air. From the very first time I blew it up It keep losing air and I can't find where the leak is coming from. One never knows with these products: the first one worked well, the second one not so good. And it's too late for me to return it because I bought it a month before my guests arrived.
I don't like the remastering on LZ I. The cymbals dominate the sound on several of the tracks but the rendering is ragged, jumps up and down in volume, like the remastering is trying to synthesize definition that isn't really there to be had. I find the spatial separation and high end bias difficult to take at moderate volumes. I liked the solid, rich sound of the original LP much better.
Product is fine. Amazing it made it here. Box was open, product on the ground. No packing, no invoice. Nothing. Amazon free shipping. You get what you pay for. Sorry, but these are the facts. If this was delivered anywhere but a dead end street, I would not have received it.
Gloves are comfortable and fit well but threading is coming undone after two days of use.
Does not last as long as I expected, particularly in the heat! Works well for a couple hours though.
This is a good movie 🍿
Too long, and not flattering
It gets quite cool, but I found it difficult to keep the blue part in contact with my skin in order to feel it
Not enough friction on the slide. Moves on its own when opening and closing washer.
Not amazing, not horrible. I live in the mountains and my hand are just a bit cold in them, but most winter gloves are so tacky which is the reason I chose these. A bit stiff but they break in. Idk about durability just yet. Very comfortable.
Didn't fit my multimeter but it's ok I guess.
Product arrived damaged the entire case was completely cracked and smashed in though this isn't the sellers fault it wasn't the greatest experience especially after I found out I could have purchased this for the same price at my local Best Buy
I love SmartWool!! I have not had any problems with them in the past but this pair had the stitching unravel at the cuff after the first wash.
A little bit on the fat side for the handle but it does store the bits. Nice and short like it should be
I hate how this app buffers and kicks you off of the race you are watching. One time you can watch race after race with no problem, the next day it's get kicked off and buffer, buffer, buffer.. I love the races, but if it doesn't change I will have to cancel my account.
Well the Allen wrench that's supposed to be included is not there. I can see how it could've fallen out due to packaging. However they should check to make friggin sure that it's there. Put a piece of tape on it or something. I know it's just an Allen wrench. But it's very frustrating because it's not standard or metric. It's just some special size! What a surprise :D
This is a decent weatherproof power stake, with a timer function as well as photo-eye and "random" settings. The controls aren't easy to figure out, though the manual (which appears to have been translated from Mandarin) helps a little. If I had to do it over, I'd get one with a longer cord because 6' just isn't enough to do anything without needing an extension cord. There are plenty of outlets (6), but they all run off the same timer / photo-eye / random setting. It'd be nice for Dewenwils to offer one which could assign a program to one or two outlets each. There are a total of 8 programs, which is way more than I need and it makes the programming process cumbersome because you have to sequence through all 8 every time you change something. Lastly, the manual says you're only supposed to use it for 90 days at a time; apparently that was a condition of the UL rating. It doesn't say what happens if you use it for longer than that.
First time ordering this on Amazon, my husband was eating it with his soup and he said it tasted weird, so then I tried it and I realized it tasted stale, not as fresh as when you buy from grocery store. Expiration did show that it was expiring in 5 months, not sure if that's the reason. Still ate it, but won't be buying these crackers online again.
My five year old and I play this a lot and it's so fun! He loves getting more and more stars to defeat the bad guys! The characters in this game are cool!
Love this game of words
Not a bad piece of kit. Only real problem is that the stove pipe Connections are upside down. Plan on having creosote leakage. Also, no assembly instructions included
My child wanted this for Christmas he loves it but it's to big in my opinion
Not really what I expected
These cleats provide great traction. However, the back straps broke after a week or two.
Good for the money but wouldn't buy it if you need any precision. If you just need the odd hole drilled than do it
Case Was Damaged, that's pretty annoying Blu Ray Disc(s) however were perfect extended versions of both movies total of roughly 6 1/2 hours busted/broken/abused cases annoy me so 3 of 5 is fair considering price.
Packages nice. I love the looks of the glass but it sweats with cold drinks
I already own the wide band version and it has held up well. It can problematic in tight spots though . My use is primarily on 2160 and 3000 oil filters, but the item I received wouldn't fit a 2160 oil filter. Tools get the wrong size and numbers stamped from time to time. I will reorder and hopefully I will get the right one this time.
its a stadium seat have not really used it yet as Basketball will be starting in about 2 weeks I will know more then! LOL it is durable not flimsy and I got the wider seat
When we first got these my husband loved the goggles. But....they were only anti fog for about 2 hours. Which is extremely disappointing because that was the reason we bought them. Also we can not figure out how to attach the mouth piece to the goggles because if you dont, they just flop over. The one plus is my husband looks like batman when he is wearing them.
Nice, but had expected it to a little brighter
Charged it. Put it on my weedwhacker. Whacked some weeds. (Which was annoyingly difficult since half the time I'd try to start it, it wouldn't go, but if I pushed the "go" button a bunch of times eventually it would turn on.) When the battery drained, I put it back on the charger and got the blinking red light indicating the battery is having problems. Also, it's hard to believe this is 5Ah when it's the same size and weight as the 3Ah battery. === Later I realized that the reason it was busted was that one of the metal contacts to the battery got all bent out of shape. Some pliers and I got it working again. I guess. Don't totally trust it.
I had to return the first one sent because it was damaged and looked like it was used. The second one came and looked perfect. I started to put it together and realized that it had issues as well. The derailer gets stuck in the spokes when I change to lower gears. The wheels were warped, the fenders were damaged and the handle bars wouldnt tighten and stay. I dealt with amazon and have to admit that they tried to resolve it and the customer service was great as usual. They sent me a contact with Schwinn to help me further and when I got there it's been a constant run around. I've come to the realization that I will have to fix the issues my self and move on. I like the bike, the look and the style are exactly what I was looking for, but a few more issues than I would have liked.
Disappointed by the shedding
We have Sirius XM in both of our vehicles and thought since they were offering a free week, we could get it on our TV. Wrong. We give Sirius XM 5 stars but the app. 1 star. To be able to get it on TV, we would have to update to the All Access plan which is more expensive.
Your head would have to be the size of small child or a midget for this hat to fit properly.
Good bikes, and price. The quality is alittle questionable. Cheap paint and fenders bend easy.
We have a rack to lay full bottles at an angle til we need them. The cap doesn't fit right so it leaks which makes it kind of useless :/
Meh, not his best work
bats are not big as I wanted
I enjoy the ease of using the Roku TV features. Simply log into your account and you have access without additional devices. The only downside, and it would have prevented my from buying the TV if I had known to dig deeper, you can not use any sound bar with this TV unless you have Roku speakers. So my soundbar is useless.
new yearly subscription plan is horrible, but the product still works as it did in the past
It's ok you can try it but it's not that good 😐
Yes it burns high quality videos but I was looking for something to convert my DVDs to play on the PSP, this does not do that. But if you are looking for something to burn youtube videos and home movies this works great.
Solar charging is useless. Still useful though
They're not for a hard work. These gloves didn't even last me for 2 weeks (I'ma framer). PC: they're not really waterproof as well...
The price is good the mounts hold snugly, using the lights handheld is a problem because the toggle switch is to sensitive, if you shake it to much it switches the mode
usually i can fit 18 in these packs but for some reason they dont hold 18 only hold 12 a little dissappointed
Good game but I would like more ways to win gems.
They are stiff and too big. I ordered a medium, because I thought it said they ran small.
This is a great compact size for backpacking trips. Yes it is very thin but it does keep you up off of the ground and will keep you from having the warmth stolen from you in cold weather. I can't say it made me more comfortable really but I did notice a difference from laying on just the ground. Worth the money as it is not expensive and staying warm is very important.
Haven't used yet. download was easy. Will update review after using
Confusing to know if you are hammering loose or tight. There is a marking of "l" and "R" but it seems to be the opposite of logical. Also, when you begin hammering, it will slip into the opposite direction without knowing. Kinda frustrating to use. It does work though, you just have to play around for a while.
These snacks are okay. Nothing special for the PRICE.
Didn't use it right away. But when I did try to light something I got shocked.
Works well for an over head light in a tent. I would agree with some reviews the fan is not as strong as I would like. Did move some air on a hot July night in Wisconsin.
..but you simply can't beat the original
Got this pack for my long runs 9-13 miles. The bag is great, with no chafing issues and minimal movement. The only problem is the black dye used on the front (outward facing side) bleeds color. I set it down on a towel and it left black stains (I was at the gym so thought maybe it was already on the towel and I just didn't notice it). So after another run, I put it on the floor of the bathtub and it definitely stained. So I soaked it for a day in a wash basin, then ran it through the washer on rinse. That seems to have taken care of it.
This item is a sander not a polisher. I mention that because some reviews are stating that it will polish wet sanded paint, and that is not the case. While I am sure this is a great orbital sander it is not a polisher for finishing an automotive paint job.
The CD was shipped in a plastic, bubble-wrap bag. When I opened the packed, I found that the jewel-case was cracked in several places and the hub that held the disc in the case was smashed. As a result, the disc fell out of the case as soon as I opened it, followed by the broken pieces of the hub. Luckily, the disc itself was not damage - so technically, the case did its job at protecting the CD from damage.
Not as cute as I would like but very warm and practical
Didnt work well for me. May work out fine for some. I tried positioning it every which way and always had urine run up my back.
Used for cake decoration for my sons Mickey themed birthday party. Overall satisfied with the product, however, I was disappointed that Minnie Mouse came with some discoloring/ paint scratches. For this price for some small plastic toys that really shouldn't happen but they served their purpose and looked very cute on the cake
i received this package on time. it came with a nice case for carrying, but i did not get nearly all the items pictured. also i got glitter in the same colors several times! great value, but not consistent with packaging at all.
More difficult than it should be to get bits into it, but you get the hang after a while.
To be honestly I tried it by myself and I feel burning...... so I would not use it on my baby. I also tried Kirkland, pampers , honest, and water wipes , they don't burn me. And finally I decided to go with Kirkland since that's cheap and it didn't burn me. I ended up using this wipes for other purpose such as clean the table, clean my mouth, clean my hands etc.
Construction is good and the panda is cool. The bag is a little small for my large hands which makes it less than ideal for me.
well its not exactly what i thought it would be, its actually alot smaller, but they will work for what i need them for.
Pretty thin, but that is good for my use. But the problem is they are pretty small. I'm kinda a large guy but I could barely fit these on my hands. It certainly wouldn't be comfortable to wear for an extended time. It wouldn't be bad if they listed the size on the product page.
The two bottom hooks did not match and i could not hook the back pack
Becareful to work on this.. It was so slippery . first cut and it bump Plastic fly. :( I put in trash.
My tablet fit perfectly but the straps cover the portal when trying to charge or put headphones in.
Game is fun but availability is bad. Haven't been able to get into the app for last 2 weeks or longer so yesterday I deleted it and reloaded app. I can play it now but of course I had to start completely over.
Very pretty stones but they are not consistent in size. The description says they may vary in thickness but these stones are also inconsistent in width and length. If you're wanting to put them in a cabochon pendant, you'll probably be disappointed like I was. Otherwise they are great for wire wrapping or gluing bails on them.
Not as big as pictured. Size is exaggerated
It was smaller than I thought it would be. One of the zippers broke as soon as I got the bag. I will give it to my granddaughter.
THEY WERE NOT AS HEAVY AS I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE- HAVE TO USE AT LEAST 2 AT A TIME.
material and tailoring...an example of you get what you pay for
I have not had the opportunity to use this app on my Kindle.
It's pretty, but rather disappointed with how thin it is- and already a little bent. Since it's personalized not sure what they can do. Don't recommend. Trying to find the same design now ... but a better quality version :(
They were not as warm as I would have hoped. Bought them for a police officer and they were fine for a short amount of time outdoors, not for an elongated amount of time
I bought these to practice on. They are okay but as the paint dries, the panels warp. At least the larger ones do.
Ok game. Sometimes inconsistent.
It arrived on time, as described by Amazon & manufacturer, the packaging was undamaged, and the product itself was unmolested and made with quality materials. Overall, ok, denzel is awesome, but I remembered the movie being better.
Be careful! If you are like me and wait until the garbage can is extra full before emptying it, then these are not for you. The bag tears very easily when it gets full and is nearly impossible to get out of the can without ripping the tie area. I have had to pick up my entire garbage can and dump it in the outdoor bin on several occasions because there was no other way for my trash to get out.
Seems like they would work but one was ok and one was broken. Could hear loose parts rattling around inside of it and I was afraid to take it apart to see if I could reassemble.
I wish it was easier to adjust but it's still stop pretty
Perfect for everyday use without a greasy feel. Easy to wash out. Keeps hair in place for hours but the scent is overpowering and the product flakes with wear.
It's just a weird paint. Kind of works, but not really. I don't like the feeling.
Will adjust to fit any face shape and size, but they still let debris in
Works good on small brad nailers or staples slow recovery time not enough hp for nailers or rotary equipment
The colors, especially the yellow, is not as vibrant as I'd like it to be but I'll make them work.
The description for this says 7x magnification mirror, but I received a 5x magnification. The hubs surprised me and put it up while i was away and he didn't realize that it was not what i had ordered. Once it was up, I decided to just go with it. I really like the mirror, but wish it was what was described and what i had ordered. If you want a 5x magnification, then this is perfect.
For the price this brush is very very average. It won't pick up the pigment of my Anastasia brow pomade enough to really fill out my brows.
Was only able to hear no visual at all.
The helmet looks very cute, and the size is perfect. But... everytime I take it off from my baby's head, my baby's hair get stuck, and then she cry.
The product arrived and worked for a few days before fully shutting down and never making any ice ever again. So I'm in the middle with the stars, because the product was lame BUT THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWESOME. I emailed them about the problem and within 24 hours they replied. It only took one more email for them to offer a solution to the issue, and they did not hassle me with return of the defective item.
Fit is fine, look is good, quality okay for the price but the deep smell of dirty smoke is hard to get out even after many washes
Dry herb Works great!!! But only received 2 of the 4 because they were singles in the shipping bag that had a 3 inch blow out on one side...im surprised that all of them did not fall out.
I bought this for the first House party my favorite one however I paid for 4 films and only 1 works 🤦‍♀️ probably will look elsewhere
Mixed feelings on this
Kind of large for my bike but seemed to be well made. Had to return it
The quality is ok, not that great. Many different colors, but thread are very weak ,easy to break.and sewing needle is not hard enough to sewing, think again to buy it.
They are fine to hold something lightly in place, but you can't get a good squeeze.
The worst product. I would not buy this again! Waste of my time to use it.
Darn. Bought the pink ones first which fit perfectly (and are wonderfully warm!!). The pink pair is why I put 3 stars on this review (ave of 5 for pink and 1 for camo) The camo ones I put in my truck for emergencies... and didn't try them on until after the return date had expired. They are improperly sewed and don't fit. Not sure if I can modify them or not, but I guess that's my only option.
I was using this tool to remove grout. The tool removed the grout fairly easily and blade held up well. However, the rivet snapped rendering the tool useless. I probably used one half or less of the blade. I think another reviewer had the same problem.
Much more dated than I thought would be
Was missing the top so I have to be careful opening it...
Ok table. Broke leg adjuster right off the bat. Luckily I have a wire feed welder to fix the broken nut.
Beware when ordering........ the 4 Posters that come with this may be all crinkled when they arrive. Amazon shipped this package that I ordered for my daughter and all four posters were folded, yes they were FOLDED! Posters are suppose to be rolled up and placed in a tube correct???
Everything works fine with this except that the thumb roller fell off due to broken plastic piece. Not too much of a problem working around this but disappointed with the quality
Got it fast, but the tube seems to have been opened or broke during shipment and got all over the box.
Will only cast minimum light on a 1/2 acre, just enough to say it's lit. Not impressive at all. Will work for small city yards
Jacket warm and comfortable, but zippers broke on first use. Ordered for Christmas but live in Florida, so didn't wear until April Holiday. Now, too late to return?
Still have afew lady bugs , think it is taking care of my fly problem. Hope it will take of my box elders and lady bugs. Elizabeth does this product work with lady bugs and box elders?
Purchased because I liked the Coronado and wanted a bigger pack. However, despite the shoulder straps are attached slightly differently and aren't as comfortable. The sternum strap is too short for me (size 43 jacket). The zippers aren't always easy to open and there is only a single zipper for the rear most compartment. However, it does have good organization.
I've been using this for 2mths along with the mouthwash & I have not seen a difference as far as teeth whitening goes. I'm disappointed.
These are pretty great quality for the price, but cheese and rice, why is the tag in them like 3 inches long?! It's a double tag made of thick satin material and both are stitched directly into the side hem. I actually cut through the seam twice (on two separate pairs of underwear) trying to get them out! Had to sew them back together. I feel like the cost of the flippin' brand tag was probably half as much as the underwear itself. I won't buy any more of these just because of the tag, it's that bad.
Very small and light. Brightness is disappointing.
Kodi not pre-installed, but that was easy to rectify. Wifi is very weak, useless unless very near router. Had to run wired ethernet to get acceptable performance.
It's only useful when an object is close - like within 40 feet or so. Otherwise it's too small to see because of the way the mirror compresses the field of view. The photo showing the product is pretty decieving because if that's how you have it positioned your body would be taking up most of the image so you have to figure out how to position your wrist on the handle bar to be able to see anything behind you.
Some hacking on these can be dangerous for children.
Not exactly what was advertised or what I expected. Still allowed burned up residue underneath the covers. The covers also burned but never really caught fire.
Van Morrison is my all time favorite singer/songwriter, however this CD doesn't play without skipping. I tried cleaning it, but that didn't help.
Weight on the package includes heating pad. The food pouch itself it's maybe half of the posted weight. I was still hungry after eating it
They don't fit size 11 and up very well... they rip easily.
Missing 1, I planned for this after reading the reviews. I only actually needed 12 but received 13 not 14
hinges move very easy a slight wind gusts may be a problem. my coleman duel fuel burner and 4 quart pot setup should be o.k. wind will just push to side of pot. im going to tap the hinges with a small hammer to bind anyway.
The grates seem kind of cheezy and cheap. Seems like the black paint is coming off of them.
Sturdy bike. One of the gear shifters broke the first day and the handlebars wouldn't tighten so they kept coming loose. After $85 at the local bike shop it's a great bike.
have to tare to often. doesn't stay at zero
doesn't get that loud
I didn't realize I wouldn't be able to connect to WiFi without connecting it to the router by cord. It's probably my fault. I didn't read the description closely.
A lil over priced...but will do th' trick
They are nice and powerful. The rubber button came off the smaller flashlight, and the bigger one shuts itself off all of a sudden. Not sure why. I really like them despite their faults, they are very strong.
Be aware that this isn't a factory sealed product. All 3 of the boxes I ordered are obviously re-used and taped up. It looks like loose chip bags are just stuffed into boxes, taped up and shipped. The chips are packed inside all crazy- some smashed completely. The description of what's inside is not exact. If you need nice, store quality chip bags, this isn't the product for you.
Good looking for as cheap as it is, nice minimalist design. Poor material quality, which was expected. Nice cable management. Mine came with a broken fan and a non-working usb 3.0 front cable.
I use this to monitor my doors and windows. Motion sensor does not always detect movement. Talk abilities need some work. Great night vision and signal strength is very good. Would like to have a longer live feed ability.
Goes bad very very quickly
I loved the way these socks felt. My only problem was the ankle part was too tight and made my ankles swell by the end of the day.
To get to the bottom line on this, its worth it for the price if you don't mind potentially having to return two of them to get one that isn't defective. The first two I had both had a serious issue with flinging the belt off within seconds of starting it up, regardless if it was pressed to a surface or just held up to spin freely. No amount of adjustment would resolve that either. Third time is the charm however as the third replacement works perfectly. No belt flinging issues at all. Very powerful unit, has a good weight to it that wont wear you out while using it for expended periods or on the awkward over the head jobs. For the price and performance it is worth it. Hopefully the two defective ones I got were just from a bad batch made by someone having a bad day at work.
I bought two and only one worked at first. I had to open it and mess with the power switch. Quality isn't the best. It's working now, but I haven't put it on my bike yet. So who knows, I might regret buying them.
I do not appreciate that the case did not come with the sleeve as the picture shows. I am a collector who loves everything a Blu-ray case has to offer. I really hate it when movie sellers do this kind of thing. I would give 5 stars but I am very disappointed by this.
It causes my eye lids to itch
Not a yeti or a RTIC cup as both them hold ice longer
Arrived in good condition
It's ok. Hard to drink out of with one hand. I have a co worker that ended up eating a bug since.they.can crawl into the mouth piece. 1 gallon, ok insulation.
Bought these for my son -size 11. I'm a size mens 8 and they're tight on me. I like the material, though.
I am echoing the other users in that the lock and key mechanism gives some serious issues. I have to put it in very delicately and usually make multiple attempts to get this in. The lock itself doesn't inspire as much confidence as the descriptions might lead you to believe. If you live in a high theft area or have a bike you really care about you should really get a higher quality lock.
I sweat in my sleep and when I wake up during the night or in the morning, the pad is falling off. I wish it stuck better for me.
Not tasting very well
It came knotted up. Seaglass, and turtle are smaller than expected , but still pretty
The cooler is missing the white cap.
Does the trick for a while but doesn't last for more than a day. My hair is fairly wavy/curly
I wish I had an old bottle so I could compare the ingredients. Something in this has changed and I'm not sure what, but it doesn't leave my hair as soft as it used to. I'll use up the new bottle I bought but probably won't buy again.
I found that after a few weeks they started to crack on the top corners, however In all fairness I used these to haul 20 oz sodas for vending machines, which is a lot of weight. I suspect if your use it for lighter applications it might have a greater life span.
The kit is very inexpensive which is what made me gravitate towards it. I did have trouble cutting through a brass bolt with the cutting wheels. I went through 9 cutting wheels on 2 brass bolts. The rest of the kit seems fine enough. I used the wire brushes to clean up some old rusty parts and they worked like a charm. If you need to do some serious cutting or cut steel, go with the Dremel brand cutting wheels.
didn't seem to work, but shipping was on point !
These uses to be excellent chips when made by Wheat Thins, now way too salty tasting. Cannot taste the other ingredients. Please go back to less salt!!
Bought this through family in US and the sound experience is great. However, there are a few hurdles for Indian customers. The power cord does not support 220v and the smart cast app does not work here either. This will be a great product if these issues are resolved.
Problem out of the box. Returned to LG. Tech called to say the unit had a problem and the parts are on back order. He did not say when the parts would be available. He did offer to return the purchase price. This is a responsible company that cares for the customer.
Not sure why but my experience was NOTHING like the videos. Was the world devoid of air it every fleeting moment I tried to open this hippy sleeper? It seems really well made, but his thing was like lifting a whale into the air and watching it's wide mouth open up to swallow the universe in it's path and.... nothing. I have no idea what it feels like to sit in the a$$ crack of this inflatable so I cannot speak to it's comfort, but I do know I have a mobile black hole at my home that will not allow air to travel into this giant sack. I am really looking forward to slipping into this navy set of lips so I am hopeful that the next local political debate in my area will allow me the amount of hot air needed to fill this thing.
Great pictures, poor update. App updated and now the puzzle pieces disappear as I turn to scan thru them. I really like this game, I just wish it would stop glitching.
These were gifts for other people, so don't know.
Love the movie but the case came all broken : /
I love these headphones but under 3 months they broke
The mask fits well. However they sent the wrong prescription for the right side. I have sent 3 messages inquiring how to get a higher prescription for it and have yet to get a response. Not impressed with their customer service
Pop Tarts are awesome - there is hardly ever such thing as a bad Pop Tart - they're sweet, and just the right amount of frosting! But I must say I've only opened one package of these and the ENTIRE PERIMETER was completely broken off in the package on all sides - I have literally never seen anything like this! It's super disappointing because the package opened a little bit more than I meant to and it spilled pieces of crust EVERYWHERE!!! I had made the mistake of thinking I could eat them as I got ready for work straight out of the package...and I ended up with pieces all over in the carpet. Will make sure to open all the other packages in the kitchen because I will be extra mad if I get more pieces all over my kitchen again. I don't know if it was just an unlucky package, or if it's from it bouncing around on a truck on its way to see me...but definitely hoping to not see a repeat of that! Wish I had taken a photo to show.
The later simpsons box sets have one of the worst cases ever! Paid $12
Not feeling the album
The CD has some high quality performance selections, but the commentary isn't very helpful. The adjectives used to describe what the selections should demonstrate (depth of imaging, focus, impact, etc) are very general and full of audio jargon. It would have been more helpful to include some specific tests for imaging, frequency response and other playback characteristics. There are definitely better CD's available for evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of an audio system.
I really like the product size and easy to take up and down but the zippers are horrible and the bag is too small!
It's useless for brassiness - did absolutely nothing. However, it is hands down the best mousse I've ever used. It made my hair super thick and the style held until I washed it. I just have to decide if I'm willing to spend $$$$ on a styling product.
The vest is nice except it's not the one we ordered we ordered the one with black and yellow but when it came was all yellow
Paddle works but it is NOT stainless steel, it is plated. Do not buy it if you need stainless!
I also can not get this Blu-ray to play.
Asian knock-off but seems to work so far. Not bad.
I like the smell. I don't really feel anything special when I use it. I spray a lot before I feel something. I was hoping for more moisture but overall it's probably nice tonuse on a hot summer day.
No problems with product price or delivery.
Update - the third shelf arrived the next day I only received two shelves instead of the 3 I paid for. I emailed the seller in hopes they actually send me the third or can tell me where the heck it is. There's nothing industrial or heavy duty about these. The long pieces that the braces go into bend VERY easily. Two of them got stuck together, I had to wedge my hand in between and break them apart with a rubber mallet. My hand was pretty banged up after and the piece was a bit bend from hitting it with a rubber mallet. Some of the pieces wouldn't stay attached, like the rivet part was too loose or something. The written instructions were insanely confusing, I just went off the product photos to put it together. After handling the shelves my hands had splinters in them and were very red and itchy. Washing them repeatedly did nothing. The photos might be misleading but it does have the size on the photos, so it was small like I imagined it would be. They do NOT stand next to each other like the photo. If you look at the product photo they were photoshopped next to each other with no gap. They absolutely will not stand next to each other with no gap. I don't think the shelves are worth more than $20-30 bucks each.
The head covering and shoulder flaps really don't work well at all. In fact, there really are no shoulder flaps, it's just a mini-hood across the top of the back, and that doesn't cinch in, nor is it sewn with enough height to fit a person's head so the best you ever get is a tiny amount over the very back of your head. Far from what I'd call cozy. I was also surprised how poorly it did at keeping me warm. It was lightweight for its size, but that hardly matters if it doesn't do its job, especially since it's still pretty bulky. I did appreciate that its lining is cotton, which is sadly becoming a rarity in favor of synthetics. Overall, though, quite unimpressive.
Pros: *Color selection is great! Super vibrant! *Fine tip is just as vibrant as the brush tip. Nice even drawing and writing. *Fine tip is durable. Dispite decent pressure I have yet to warp or break the tip. *All of the markers came vibrant. I have yet to have one marker dry out. *Caps not only fit securely while stored, but also fit on opposite cap while in use! Cons: *Brush tips don't last long. I have had this set for a month and they are already fraying.(It's not too bad so far, but with what I do I like to use the fine tip of the brush to get close to lines while I fill in decent sized areas) *The color on the caps DO NOT match the ink. (Nothing address labels can't fix) *Ink streaks when filling in decent sized areas unless you do multiple layers (this doesn't bother me, I tend to use it as an advantage in my art work, but it is something to consider.) *The markers bleed!!! These bleed sometimes even while drawing over dry ink as well as using it on card stock or other thick paper (This again is not something that bothers me, but it's best to keep in mind if using on dual sided coloring books and what not.) Over all I am pretty pleased with these markers. They have a great color selection and are pretty great. For the price. Hope this helps!!!!😃
I feel there are better options
I would give it give but I'm a kid I can't have face book and guest do not save and. I don't think it is the most popular with the new version
I am having to send them back because the front part of the skates were to tight on my grandson feet.
The lock itself is great. Very easy to use and sturdy. The attachment which holds the lock to your bicycle, unfortunately, appeared to be cheaply made and broke on my first bike ride.
the fabric is very cheap
Like i said i love it but its way too sensitive
Purchased item after being told this item was a hairs lifesaver. Very expensive at the store but luckily found it on Amazon. Overall I'm not impressed so expensive and doesn't really do anything different than a less expensive hair shampoo in which I have been using that has actually worked wonders compared to this brand. Will not be purchasing again.
They can be really good gloves, but there are times when the fingers are twisted.
We enjoyed this sunshade. Set up was fast, and the sandbags on each tent corner do a good job holding shade tent down in high winds. There are 4 guy lines with sandbags that can be used in heavy winds. Longer beach days with shade close by. Take down was not easy, in fact, the directions are not well done....the reason this shade only gets a few stars. There are much better shades on the market for the same price that work better.
Works fine odd number of them though...
This was not a very flavorful pot pie. Seemed like it was missing spices
The zipper sticks all the time.
Wasn't expecting to see Bruce Willis playing this type of role and looking older as well.
Sturdy and very very sharp. Quite heavy for its size.
I'm not a fan of how non-sticky the back of the picture is, however it's a very nice cool look in the kitchen.
The case is very pretty and fits the phone well but one of the diamonds was already broken when I took it out of the package. Very please with shipping speed though!
Sound pretty good they are durable. Battery life is about 8 hours
I was excited about this to arrive. The packaging is cute. I love the brush, gets even the little eyelashes. Great build up. Made my lashes look really full & long. Was not sticky or flakey. Nice smooth texture. My issue is that it doesn't stay very well. It melted & ran within a few hours of wear. I have long eyelashes, it kept getting on my upper lid. I understand, It's summer time in San Diego, it can get hot here, I just did not expect this to melt & run as quickly as it did. I looked for waterproof when I ordered but this stated longwear. Great price. Maybe if this comes in waterproof, I would have had a better experience.
So far It seems to be a decent application..
So they are pretty. They are smaller than you'd think.. and cute. I'm keeping them. but in retrospect i wouldn't have paid almost $60 for them
I bought this to use with a scroll saw. I used it for a couple of hours and retired it. You have to keep your foot on it the whole time you are sawing. Making long cuts is painful. I'd rather have an on-off type.
This game was really fun and super addicting until levels 11 to 12. The ball just bounces on the platform and then starts falling. But otherwise the game was great.
After only a couple of washes the sleeve came unsewed.
I had high hopes for this cream! I was a little put off that it felt waxy when applied, does not absorb well and kind of just sits on top of the skin. The scent is super strong, and when applying at the gym locker or on your hands during travel - you will definitely draw attention!
Good looking set but I did think the pieces contained Jack Daniels which they don't
Collapsing these sticks is too complicated for our purposes. I would like to return them.
All in all, I'm very happy with these. Excellent item, All and all amazing deal for the price! Prompt delivery of a good quality product which is also great value for money. Satisfactory logistics arrived on time Third purchases. The family is doing well
I didn't like the fabric or the fit so I sent it back.
So I'm waiting on a new raft... unfortunately when I received my raft it had two rips in the seams so I never did get to use it but Amazon customer service was great about it and is sending me a return label
So many people rave about this product, but I don't find that it does much more than any of the other photo editing programs out there.
Good: I use it to help me draw and it works! thanks to this app ima draw master Love it
I found the knife to be overly heavy, kind of large, and the spring action for extending the knife is a bit resistant. Just not going to use this much but I won't throw it out either.
One alarm arrived unworking out of the package. Very disappointing and a hassle to return for a refund so I probably won't even do it. I gave three stars because the one that does work is nice and loud.
Amazon recalled them
Disappointed; not up to the standard of the original....And what's the deal with that weirdly bushy mustache on Branagh?! The landscape photography was terrific, though
The cleats work well if you can keep the heel from slipping off. If only they had a velcro strap to hold the heal on the shoes like the ones on the toes, I'd give this 5 stars.
It is okay but boring when you are waiting for stuff to load and don't have diamonds so that's why I gave three 😐
Mine has died after 15 months using appx twice a week. It does run longer than the original iRobot battery, about 2.5 hours at a time.
great product, doesn't fit if your seat is pushed forward.
website they say for technical support does not exist, only automated answer machine for their phone number. When TV channel is blocked, it asks for password to unblock it, no mention for the password in their manual and it is not one of my passwords I used to log in to google account. Android version is too old and there is no way to updated. They claim 1500 channels but what the have is much less and no way near that number. Hardware failed after few hours of usage.
His best songs are the ones that came out as singles. The rest is just a mix of trying to be different from country while still being country.
Way too large for a technical screw driver
Carbon fiber skin peeled off the first day I had possession of it, not even using it in a work capacity.
Great record, but not as described. It was not clear vinyl and ther was no free download.
Just set it up one of the laser lights does not work
I really loved the design of this mask (it was for my daughter so she wouldn't fight me on treatments) but the strap wouldn't stay on her face and they kept falling off. I eventually went back to the old standard mask. Wish the straps were different but the design is great.
So I've had my small portable washer since September and it all reality it's been great ! It washes clothes really well! I wash for a family of 5. I would normally give it 5 stars but today the pump is going out , but I also use it every other day .
If i could, i would have gone with the fluke. It doesn't change tone like the fluke does.
Great hammock that folds into its own pack for a compact and light weight package. Served great for several trips but recently I got the height a little too low and when it scraped against a rock under weight it instantly ripped and split apart. Really enjoyed it while it lasted but make sure you keep the height high enough that it won't touch anything on the ground.
Like the way they fit but 3 pair have the waist already fraying. I haven't had them 2 months.
This is a great product. However when I received the first pair they were bent really bad. I asked for a new pair to be sent since these were bent. The new pair I received in the mail a couple days later was also bent as well. I say this is a great product because I had bought my boyfriend a pair and his came not damaged or bent. For some reason these ones did. I attempted to put some heavy weight things on the glasses to try and even out the bend, it worked more than I thought but still bent a little so I just settled for these ones.
"These gloves are TINY in size. don't trust the chart, order up at least one size." Wish I had seen this warning from another customer before ordering. I wear large and ordered accordingly. They fit my wife hand, but not mine. Seems like and nice glove and works on touch screen so for the price ordered an XL and gave the L to my wife. Just wish they would be more accurate with the sizing info!
Very nice, will come in very handy with my hex bit, but it only olds 6 bits and it's way too expensive for what it is. WAY.
The sensor not working well. A lot time is does not give the reading and not consistent
I have tried in vain to find out where these were made. Nobody seems to be able to answer my question.
This machine is great.... in theory! The first one couldn't give the water even a chill? So, I drained it and spent days trying to get it dry enough to ship. The second one is the same? Super, hot water and room temp cold. They also never stopped humming? I imagine it was the element try non stop to chill the water? Now I get to go through the empty, dry and ship process AgAiN?! This one will be a straight return. Thankfully, they are very good about exchanging and taking the return. Save the box and packaging... or it's a real ordeal!
Could not select the steady light on the first light on the first, only strobe would work. Returned it for an exchange. Vendor/Amazon took care of that w/o any issues. Second like works good and is what I expected. Its strong enough to light the area in front of you and is not focused in small areas like many other headlamps.
Love the product; however, purchased it used (open box) and it arrived missing the brackets to mount the filter assemblies.
The screws started to show signs of wear and protruding out after less than 1 days of use.
The set I received was a bow tie in the regular, checkered pattern but the suspenders are diagonally patterned. (Diamonds instead of squares.) I don't intend to wear them together so not the end of the world but not what I was expecting. As for sizing, I'm a 5'2" woman and they fit with plenty of room to spare.
Looks very different in person
We haven't had the time to use the cleats yet. I purchased a Medium pair for my wife and a large par for me. Both pairs fit on our hiking shoe fine. The add says the cleats are stainless steel, but they seem a little light for stainless steel. hopefully they will hold up. Also, the Large pare came with a nylon carrying bag, but the Medium pair didn't.
This stuff great. The price is just stupid though. Not worth it.
i like the fact that the oxygen absorbers are packed in smaller quantities as i have a small freeze dryer. But i don't like the thinness of the Mylar bags. I can actually see through them
Looks nice but has some pretty bad functionality. The glass breaking end is a piece that screws on and I really don't feel that it would break a window in an emergency. In regards to the opening and expansion it does work however it takes a lot of effort or a good whipping motion to get it to open. I will try adding some lubricant to se if that makes it any easier but still the glass breaking emergency functionality is definitely lacking.
Way to small for my big head.
I ordered a 4 tuner Recast prior to it's release, receiving it on November 14. Overall, I really enjoy the unit, and it's relative ease of operation. It has a couple of "glitchy" things going on. For instance, when pausing live tv, often times the playback will jump a few frames for no apparent reason. Another interesting thing that I have noticed on a couple of occasions is when playing a program from the DVR, if another program starts recording, the program being viewed will stop. To continue viewing the program on the DVR, you have to go back to the DVR menu. Luckily, it will pick up where it left off, but a glitch none-the-less. The most disappointing thing I just yesterday discovered is even though I have the 4 tuner box, I can only watch 2 streams at a time, regardless of what their origin is (tuner or DVR). This means you can't even watch the same channel in 3 locations. I'm not sure what the reasoning of this restriction is, but the advertising of a 4 tuner box is a little misleading. Overall, I like the unit. I hope my observations above can be addressed in updates. Ken
Hook the hold handle bars and under seat arent angled enough to hold onto the bike! The bike itself slipped off and fell to the ground! I had to bend the hook upwards for the product to work properly! Please fix this problem!
The first wear was really nice and they do dry very quickly but I find that they ride up a bit. Still comfortable enough but not my favorite pair of underwear.
Great working. Just wished it came with an external battery charger
Not as good in cutting the noise as I thought. But it is good quality still. I use them as secondary protection besides my ear muff.
I enjoy playing the game however, I can't upgrade in the kitchen!.
Size to measure is misleading in picture. Too small for what I wanted
Did/does not for my purposes
Nothing special about the set. The smallest sized wrench is so small its more like a bent wire. I wanted it as a backup set, and so far I haven't used them. Wrenches do not stay well in their position and its really hard to read the size on them.
The company was really very professional about refunding the money I paid for a year's worth of Nord VPN. Unfortunately, when in use, the VPN kept me from going to certain places on the internet. It was like I was being blocked, until I turned off the VPN. Once I turned it off, I was immediately able to go to the sites I was trying to go to. I had better luck with IPVANISH.
The knife was very nice looking. Colors were great, and nice blade. But the knife would keep getting stuck when I would open it. It would not close correctly. It was a gift for my brother. And he liked it alot, just wish it would have actually closed right.
pretty floppy in the wind; wish the brim was a little stiffer, stayed in place in the breeze better.
Average brightness, we expected it to be better. Cannot rate battery life yet since used very little.
I expected a scary movie. Well after all, so many reviewers claimed it was.. scary. Sorry but it was not. It was dull and boring.
Bought after reading a book. Just not quite right size. Made very hard to get weights inserted.
As a builder specializing in kitchens and baths this hood seems fine and works fine, a little louder than my usual products but within what I consider to be normal. I am surprised by the super bright white LED, would be nice to have the option of a softer white. Overall installation was fairly simple, packaged well, and arrived quickly.
Be careful when ordering as the description of the dimensions is not correct. The item description says that this is 32 inches x 32 inches. What arrived was 16 inches by 32 inches. So I'm short what I needed to do this project now.
good magnet, after 3 months the magnet wants to slip out of the press fit, its very rare but it does stick and come out, obviously it is plenty strong, if it didn't slip out it would be 4 stars
Says leather but don't quite seem to be. Pleather maybe. Otherwise its at least 95% plastic. It gives an appearance of leather though.
I'm upgrading my collection of Disney Classic movies from VHS tapes and wanted a complete set.
My 10 year old daughter likes it. It works. Takes 12 hours to charge initially, so dont even think about riding it out the box. My only real complaint is that I ordered purple and got blue. That was extremely disappointing especially when it was a christmas gift. Oh wait... one more complaint, the day after i ordered it, the price dropped by like 30 bucks. So i over paid and got the wrong color.
My husband has a pair of TaoTronics so I decided to give them a shot. I was really excited when I ordered these especially since I was able to get $8 off and got 1 Day shipping! Unfortunately the ear buds are too big for my ears. The part that hooks behind my ear won't actually curve over the top and hold it just sits there. Very disappointed.
These pajamas are great for the quality and fit and even the designs....but I hate them. Most of these pajama sets have some sort of glitter in the design on the tops or the bottoms, and I decided today that I'm throwing them away after just the first wash and wear cycle. I am not a fan of glitter to begin with, but these pajamas have spread glitter all over the house - the couch, the bed, the rug, and me. It's just annoying. The glittery look is great for little girls, but when the glitter comes off and gets everywhere, it's a deal breaker. Same clothes without glitter, and I would easily give them 5 stars. With the glitter, I'm being generous at 3 stars.
I bought this? I don't even remember.
Extremely beautiful. Very well made. I was very proud of this purchase made me feel really good to buy from this buyer and location. But having issues keeping these guys tight on the wall. May be a user error.
Comfortable and breathable, but the material pills very easily. I have these in every color and they all began pilling after the first use. They are still functional so I don't plan on returning them, but I might try the regular version of the underwear (not the Sport version) next time I need to purchase underwear. I primarily use these for hiking and international travel.
Alot smaller than i thought
looks cheaply made and the holes for the speakers dont line up well
These are visibility lights only, as in people seeing you. These are not bright lights at night. you aren't going to be able to see where you are going with these. The strobe function works great for getting people's attention to see you but that's about it.
The smell is so fake. It doesn't smell like it's organic and chemical free. The lavender sort of smells like fake blueberries. Washes my hands very well though!
i'm no stranger to the brand or to drivers, the trigger is way to sensitive and makes the driver a lil challenging to work with in more delicate situations.
For this price, they're definitely fine. The biggest issue is that when they're connected to anything there's a small high-pitched tone that comes on and off every so often. It's a little annoying at times, but music is usually loud enough to cover it up. When the headphones are connecting/being turned on they also kind of scream "CONNECTED" or "POWER ON" in your ear a little bit.
Not impressed. Definitely not worth the price over Batiste.
Most of the components in the kit are functional and satisfactorily made, but a manual would go a long way to maximizing the value. A couple things, like the band cutter, are not secured by loops inside the case. The case wrench does not include interchangeable tips. This kit gets the job done if you know what you're doing, but ONLY if you know what you're doing.
Screen a bit small, user interface not as fluid as smartphones, especially when turning pages, I guess it's ok for an ebook but would not recommend buying and/or browsing ebooks on it - use computer instead.
It's ok, but missing one of the adapters.
Covers you nicely but material is so thin, one time use only.
All the tools are decent quality but some of the tools fall out of the spaces
Its got a battery indicator light which is nice when you use one as much as i do so ya dont run out the door with a nearly dead light.its bright but its kinda hard to find the button in the dark an easy to mix up with charge port as feels the same.but for the money its a great deal feels solid
In presta mode the center push pin used for schraeder mode is spring loaded and must be pushed in while placing over a presta valve. This causes a fair amount of air to expel from the tire you are measuring. So you must over fill the tire first before measuring. Not really a big deal, but you can't just check pressure on a tire without a significant drop in pressure. Also, it would be better if the psi readout reported tenths of a psi.
I love these lanterns except the solar panel blows off all of the time. They need to be glued down or something so they will stay
They don't fit that well. I'm not sure what's wrong but they sort of pinch the bridge of my nose unlike other goggles I've owned. Other than that, they are well made.
This unit and accessories are adequate for the tasks , so far so good. The main unit is pretty cheaply made though. Time will tell, I do like the ability to identify the port on the switch or hub.
Study cage with a nice design but I was disappointed when after a couple of uses the paint on the face began to wear off. I always use soft plastic bottles and only use the that cage as my back up. Since it's a point of contact for the bottles you would think it would have a protective coating or something.
Good love graphics but it would be nice to design own character and name it!
I have mixed feelings about this. The older model worked far better. This one you have to dig into the ground or it falls over easily.
Really like that it keeps me very warm. Bought the charcoal color. Really cute. Fit is kind of plain though, with little detail.
The smell is pretty strong. But cleaning is good
Arrived late. Bummer since it was a gift.
Everything is great except for the one sock that came with holes in it.
does not work and cannot return .. save your money to their credit they did refund my purchase even through it was marked as non-returnable on Amazon
By the time I'm done taping the sides, the front starts to lift up. Very frustrating.
We loved this tent. We set it up on our back porch and used it as an enclosed patio/ playroom. It held up pretty well until it rained. Water accumulated on all four sides of the canopy roof. unfortunately one day when I was at work during a heavy rain the water accumulated so much that the entire tent canopy frame and all buckled and collapsed. The frame was bent and irreparable. Was hoping the frame could've withstood rain.
The music is great when I can find it
It plays quickly, and is fun, but the ads can be annoying.
I bought this mostly for the digital copy and when I tried to use it it was instead some short cartoon about a dog. I contacted Mill Creek through their website and told them and I never received a reply.
I do not believe I received my entire subscription. I believe this has not been published for quite a while. I could also be mistaken. I did like some of the articles.
It isn't too bad it's just i little tricky to use. the best way to us it is with a mouse and keyboard though. I'd recommend spending a little more on one with 4gb of ram.
Just wondering why does not look like the photo that does not have the hole in the handle
It was an okay album. I was a little disappointed.
Great actors. Sometimes the story line drags.
Not what I expected but still nice for the price. I bought a trio to share with my daughters. We still like them.
If you want to see the better version of this movie go to the 1974 version with Peter Ustinov of this movie. There were only one or maybe 4 scenes that I enjoyed. Some performances on this movie were better than the 1974 version but as an overall opinion, the 1974 was better and I loved the actors much better. David Suchet who played Poirot in this movie was such a sad Poirot that I found myself being totally embarrassed by his performance. He just kind of walked through the part. As I said there were a few decent performances but nothing much to make this a must see.
not waterproof The quality is pretty good
Its ok, could be a thicker gauge of plastic and the holes are too close together. Wish it was 6-8" longer and an inch wider with the same amount of holes. It also needs other kinds of holes that are oval or sliver to hold other tools like puddy knives, wet cement tools drill bits etc. The opportunity is so great to improve on this, I am thinking about designing one and going to market myself.
I'm returning these because they were too stiff and my index finger didn't have enough room.
I was not able to watch a live stream unless I had a certain carrier. It may be because I'm not tech savvy, but other apps that are free, you're able to watch what they have to offer.
I like it and it is a good quality but sizing is a little small.
Very informative film
the various disks contained many selections which I had not heard before. I has not impressed with some of his earlier work. overall some good some bad, overall FAIR rating
light weight and cool but the elastic is flimsy and doesn't do a great job of holding up.
I used this for the purchase of my hair tool but didn't need it because I return the item
hard to use by hammering but bought a 6 ton press to make the job more efficient otherwise works fine.
We like that we can watch some episodes however theres alot that is still locked but it's free so we cant complain
Received it missing a drawer and the compartments were smaller than anticipated. Returning it.
I have purchased from my Dr. for years. I felt that the tube was not filled compared to the product sold to me by my Dr.
this backpack is thin with OK quality. but I think it is over priced
Games are rigged ,takes a long time to pass levels, same games kept being presented.
It's fair, for the cheaper price my smaller son loves it. However, i really can't see it holding a 200+ person as it claims. Also the legs and seat assembly is fine for a stronger adult, but kids will struggle to get the posts into the chair holes. Overall though, better price than the higher end ones. So if you wanna save a buck, can't go wrong, else spend some more quality. Plus though, it is VERY light with the aluminum poles (didn't weigh it, but I think the 2lb claim is spot on!)
Bought this to replace my Tilley. The adjustable strap is uncomfortable and the overall feel and fit is not good. Also, my hat is not symmetrical with the brim and the top are out of alignment. I wish I had spent the extra $50 on another Tilley. I didn't return the hat because I was trying to make myself like it.
Poor dvd quality !!! :-(
OK quality for the price. There was some shipping damage to the parts inside. The case is kinda cheap
See pic- my 4 month old is 23 lbs. I went by weight and got him the 12 month onsies. They are kind of snug and the seams don't stretch as much as I had hoped. It fits him okay but he will outgrow it in no time. It's long because of it being 12 month size but that means it sits on his upper thighs instead of where his hips bend. At least they are organic. Probably won't order again unless he thins out.
Nice case but tends to skip off easy.
It isn't comfortable to use folded back. It didn't stay up to watch videos. I ordered another case for it.
Mediocre quality. I would take Moto in the same price range
Worked well twice and now it doesn't seem to. Cuts out in certain places. But it will do until it comes out of the vault again.
Can't make them work but thanks
I was all excited to carry this bag to work. I get muscle tension in my neck with some bags. This was comfortable but it's not big enough. I use a wallet for a purse so had that, cell, a zipper pouch with ear phones etc, keys an sunglasses. That's about all that fits. You might be able to shove in a small tablet but it's certainly not meant to be a day pack for work. It may fit the bill for a couple bottles of water and your cell for a bike ride.
Looks good but shade is not very stable.
My bits were nowhere near as sharp as they should have been out of the box. The hex key provided was not the right size. Like most of us though, I have several hex keys and had the right size. I have gotten some use of of them and they do work if working with wood.
These old songs bring back memories of my younger days in the Southern Baptist church. This is not the best of Alan, but I do like anything he does ! If the music was better with less piano & add other instruments to accompany I would enjoy more , but the old church only had a piano.!
This tent worked fairly well. It served its purpose. However, setting it up wasn't as easy as it described and the instructions were pretty much worthless. The structure is fairly weak and if its windy at all the sides of the tent will touch and stick to you. overall it worked with only a few issues
The fabric wrinkles, very thin. Great color. I would get a size smaller
I'm going back to retail stores for my quarter length socks where I can touch and evaluate. I find online that quarter cut socks don't all measure up the same around the ankle. Lots of complaints about "These are less quality then when I bought them last time" They all have a certain level of pilling and lint that I've experienced.
I love the fragrance but it is does not last long at all!
No difference in ease of sliding the zipper ... felt about the same before applying the product. Did not lubricate the zipper much, if at all, for my taste.
Nice colors, but they're a little short in the torso and they shrink.
These don't work all that well and they don't last. But they are cheap and as a quick fix it's ok.
My grandson likes it.
Im not sure where to start. It came with 8 different size adjusters which was nice. But the smallest looked like it would fit but didn't. So, I went with the next size up and it fit but was kind of lose. The clear band moves up and down on my ring so sometimes you can see it. It does do its job as far as not sliding off my hand. So, thank you for that.
I would prefer that the entire playing area is filled when using the smaller number of cards to match. A little hard to see. More variety of matches would be nice
There was no closed captioning!
There were no directions on assembly and this caused three adults working on the extension portion for the adjustable paddle board paddles for 10, trying to figure out how to make it work without breaking it. There is no excuse for not enclosing directions on assembly. There was nothing about the warranty included, nor were there any contact information.
When you open the individual bag it's a sad to see that the marshmallow squares are tiny. There is less of shoved into a larger bag. It's overpriced and the amount you get in each bag is not enough to feed a 2 year old. Overpriced and you don't get what you pay for.
Very easy to apply.Can be used AM and PM.
I love the Beatles and every song in this film. I remember watching this as a kid, when it would occasionally show up on broadcast television on some Saturday afternoon. I never understood what was going on, but the imagery kept me interested until a commercial break, but wasn't enough to hold me for the entire film. Now, as a middle aged man, decades after watching it as a kid, I can tell you I don't understand it any better. The animation and art is terrible, but that was the style of the artist they used; and popular at that time - particularly in the U.K. The chaotic nature of the film, the animation (which takes an acquired taste), the nearly non-existing storyline, and the fact that the voices aren't actually those of the Beatles, can make this a difficult feature to get through for some. Additionally, while the colors are much more vibrant than I recall as a child, the audio is annoying. It goes from blaringly loud, to soft, and even sounds distorted at some times. It's a good nostalgic piece, but if you've never seen it before, you may want to pass this one by. And either way, sit with the remote in hand and a finger on the volume button, as you will have to make frequent adjustments. Three stars for nostalgia, the restoration of the colors, the special features and inserts, and the musical content. Two stars removed for the annoyance of the sound quality issues.
I wasn't sure what to expect with the white cheddar but wanted to give these a shot. They were just okay. Not super strong flavored. The taste was almost like a mix between the cool ranch and original cheese flavors. I'd eat these if they were all I had, but I'll stick to buying the original ones instead.
I'm not much of a Chuck Berry fan. I bought this cd to have some music by him. This appears to be some of his greatest hits.
It's not the best but at the same time not the worse!!
Tires are good in dry weather, not so good in the rain. (Slips at start off.)
They are large. Too large for cross country skis. Did not try on alpine
It lasted a long time but I only got about 4 applications out of the bottle. I think the mousse is a better value
The original set only one worked and haven't gotten the replacement set yet
It works good, but the life time is very short. It is broken after one year warranty.
Doesn't fit all spokes. Got it to adjust spokes on a beach bike and all sizes were to big.
I used this vest twice and both times the bladder leaks. I check the bladder after I fill it with water to make sure that i have closed the cap tightly but it still leaks. I am very disappointed that it leaks. I have purchased other Camelbak products and the bladder have never leaked. The vest size is really nice and fits me perfect. I don't want to spend money on a new bladder and risk it leaking.
The magnet doesn't seem to be as strong as described. It does turn a non-magnetic bit into a magnetic one but it's no stronger than a regular magnetic bit holder. It only works on long bits due to it's size. I like it but I doubt I'll use it as much as I had anticipated
I tought there will be a badge a patch and a t-shirt
It's my first time use this to drill on the wood. The steel drill bits break after 2 hole half way done.... so disappointed.
Very High Quality. Used to exit compressor 60 gall to 3/4" copper piping. Very expensive but quality is there.
Better than the DVD release but this blu-ray is lacking. Moire, some shimmer and not as sharp as it could be. Also sound should have been in stereo at least. I guess this is the best we will ever have of this funny movie. I had a 16mm IB Tech scope print of this movie a long time ago and the color was jaw dropping. Not on this one though...
When I shop, I don't buy dented cans even for the dogs (which this is) and did not appreciate the fact that most cans were dented.
Not bad, other better zombie games out there.
Makes hair a little greasy.
Kind of uncomfortable to wear for a long time.
not sure i received the right size seems a little small. no sizing information shown on the box.
after spending 3 weeks in India drinking chai from the street vendors I missed having it when I came home. This is close to Indian chai, but doesn't quite hit the spot.
Not bad. I thought the grip would be rubber not hard plastic.
This is a nice little fan, but definitely EXTREMELY overpriced.
First of all, I LOVE the look of the case! Pretty, shiny, a few gems... Very girly, very nice! Fits the phone nicely. Used it for about 1 month and a half and changed. Reasons why: (1) edge of hole in back for camera and fingerprint area is raised, so I could not use fingerprinting for locking phone (I do have to admit that fingerprint is not very well placed on this phone); (2) Some of the pink started peeling off; (3) I felt the case was very slippery and I was constantly afraid it would fall off my hands. Several times it did slip, when I tried to pick up phone, sliding on table or bed... Never caused damage to phone. I was just too self conscious about dropping it.
A little tight but they didn't rip on my first snowboarding trip so not too bad
Elvis glasses as expected. Cheapo quality but will do the job.
Love them Great ride and handling Had one that was out of round
I was expecting good things from Dasani. They didn't deliver with this product. The flavor was weak compared to almost every other fizzy water.
I dont like that the attachments are not secured enough to the tool.
not sure this was the problem
I wear large glasses the shades do not quite cover the bottom. Not enough information
Wonderfully light weight but with some design flaws if you want to use it for gardening, driving, or just walking about. When you put it on in a breeze, you'll be reminded of those adverts for shampoo with the wind lifting up the model's long wavy hair and floating it about. Quite amusing at first and very cooling, but that entertainment wears off quickly when faced with the risk inherent in the hat's design. The bill/brim could be a shade longer but the biggest issue is that the flaps are too far forward. I've had to pin them back with safety pins so that my peripheral vision isn't suddenly blocked. Pinning them back has also helped cut down on the noise the flaps make as they flap about in even the lightest breeze, but the fact remains that without the safety pins, a flap can cross much of my face in an instant, momentarily totally blocking an eye on that side, blinding me to whatever might be coming from that side, which could be an accident waiting to happen. Even with no wind, without the pins in place, leaning forward to un-clip a weed-eater/brush cutter's harness, the flap kept blocking my view and after three attempts I had to take the hat off to do that simple task. I reckon the un-pinned flaps would be a hazard while driving, for example, a ride-on lawnmower. Curiously, despite being 100% nylon, they don't stink, or even whiff slightly, not even after a whole weeks wear. With a couple of safety pins handy, I'd quite happily recommend this product.
It's light weight and portable! Only it's too small to hold and apply force while you try to cut. Blade isn't as sharp as expected.
Got the warehouse deal. Only 45 of the 50 where delivered. Open package said it was Amazon inspected. Guess the inspectors aren't required to know how to count. Would have been 5 stars.
Good to use. Good enough for the price
Do not like the BLACK floor. Made it very hot under canopy. Used for beach and once the wind picked up, I was afraid the poles would snap! Only used once because I don't want it to break on me. Love the quick set up and break down. Everything is attached so push to set up pull to take down. Windows on sides help a bit with ventilation but that black floor is horrible. I ended up putting bed sheet over it to help. Good size but the poles and especially the connectors need to be stronger and made better.
No slip cover was included like the product image shows.
this movie has some good scenes.....
picture seems to show larger can
I didn't want to buy because of reviews but I had to buy. It wasn't all that bad, allot of killing people, my ending would have been killing madam President, the ending sucked wanted more. Regardless what Kevin space has done he was the show.
Box was soaked on arrival
What, don't want to write
You get what you pay for. I bought them to take on vacation and not take a chance on losing my current sunglasses. The nose cushions are very hard and a little uncomfortable. They will be perfect to take on my trip. Not sure if they will last much longer.
Sometimes it works. Sometimes it don't. I usually have to unplug the USB and plug it back in to make it come on 🤷🏾‍♂️
This sleeping bag did not work well for me. When I moved in the bag the zipper would unzip all the way down. It was a little tight fitting for me, as well. Luckily, it was not very cold out overnight when I used it.
Cood condition havent used it yet but i pulled the trigger it seems ok. It smaller and lighter than it looks. Feels durable.
Kinda disappointed it doesn't have side molle web like the picture showed
Primary fitting needed to connect the tube to the syringe are not included. The fitting is shown in the instructions but not included in the box. The fitting that is included does not tighten on the tubes that are included.
Not bad for the price
I know I got this during prime day at half price, but, am a bit disappointed in the picture quality. I am no tech expert but the picture quality on this Samsung looks washed out, grayish in color, colors don't POP. I have tried adjusting picture to no avail. It didn't come with a full manual so had to go online to try and figure out what adjustments might be made to bring color to full vibrance. Company coming soon and hopefully with their help maybe we can figure out. I suppose I can call Samsung for assistance, is that an option? Also, smart features seem smarter than me. Sometimes I get into something and cannot figure out to get out of it. I have another smart TV, LG, simple menus, easy to use and navigate, this one leaves something to be desired.
This are good but the wire cutters are not cutting too good.
I would have given 5 stars, but funimation false advertising dropped it to 3. Not giving Vic the credit he deserves is way wrong. Changing the extras without informing us also a crap move.
Smaller than expected!
was a great help until it developed leaks and there is no repair kit available. Bought it July of 2017, so the one year warranty is past.
I love the Magic School Bus books and videos. As a retired elementary school Science teacher, I find them factually accurate and engaging for young students I was very excited to order for my grandchildren in Tanzania for Christmas They love it but I'm disappointed to say the sealed case was missing disc one.
The cables look very good, however the jacket is fairly soft and weak. I used this to install a dropper post so that the colors would match. When sliding them into clips, the jacket separated and broke exposing the bare steel.
I have been very disappointed in the supposedly upgraded kindle. I bought it to replace my seven year old paper white which finally gave up the ghost. While lightweight, the formatting is not particularly user friendly. And while the touch screen is ok, it frequently skips pages or jumps sporadically ahead. My biggest concern however is the battery life. I find that I need to charge this device daily while my old paper white could last a week on one charge. Perhaps I received a defective device because this is certainly not an improvement.
All I wanted was a simple game of Bingo. This was not it. To many ads and 'come-ons' to purchase in order to continue for me
it was a little tart..
I was surprised to read on the package that for best results I should use 1.5” holes in the rock. I don't have anything that big!
The fact that it doesn't stand up on it's own. It slides down and I have to put something around it to keep it in a stand up position
Not impressed with the way it was packaged. Giving as a gift and they came loose in a small zip clear bag. Earrings were ok.
The three and four letter words. There should be a category for each word.
Works okay but there are better apps.
Great add in for many recipes.
The story is a very powerful one as it is based on actual events. And it is somewhat thought provoking after the movie if one chooses to ask how this event unfold as it did. I watched the extended 4K version of the movie. It also comes with a theatrical 4K version as well as a standard Blu-ray and digital coupon. On the technical side I absolutely loved the far better than average audio effects. Great use of overheads for those with a Dolby Atmos or near equivalent system. The ground floor effects are also quite above average. The video does have some grain but the movie was not shot in 4K so not should be expected. But there were a couple things that caused me not to rate this movie as a 5. The biggest problem I have is there were times when the video and audio lost sync. To correct this I had to reload the disc. This very much interrupted the flow of the movie. Perhaps the theatrical version does not have this issue. As I am using an OPPO 203 and have not had this experience with any other video I strongly feel the issue came from the disc. I hope this is unique to just my disc and doesn't affect others. But be aware. In the end I don't regret purchasing the movie and would urge others to buy it. I hope the DVD manufacturers utilize better quality control in the future.
nothing like expected but being a gift will not know if even liked it is not new
Word Moments appeared to be a fun game. After playing for while, we found it discouraging as we were unable to acquire enough "points" to allow us to find the answer when we were stumped. Finally, we quit playing the game.
It's ok for price for beginner art
Didnt really use the light but the fan runs and runs. Dropped on the ground 6 feet numerous times and kept working. Wish it blew a little more air but for the price and runtime it's a great product.
Pros: I didn't have to make it myself. Cons: I bought this because I was too lazy to make my own. They did what I should have done, which is to mix sugar and molasses. This sugar smelled of molasses, but not all the sugar was combined appropriately, so there were chunks of what looked like raw sugar.
quality bottle, just wished there were more color options.
It is a great value for ye price but does wear off pretty easy. I would still buy again the colors are vibrant and I love the design
I am not really fond of green tea, but this is great when I have a cold.
Does not have HDMI port therefore the picture quality and the sound quality are not the best.
I got this as a temporary case and it's sturdy and nice for travel. It's fiendishly ugly however, slightly opaque and causes charging issues with apple pencil. I don't regret buying it bcause it served the purpose I bought it for but if you're trying to find a permanent clear case look elsewhere
It worked for a while
Disappointed on how this actually looks, very cheap.
Good well made socket... hope i find a use for it as i bought it for the special bolts for a f150 driveline... fits perfect... cant get the socket on the bolt with a ratchet on it even with an extension
Haven't gotten to use it. But it is ready. Looks and feels great.
Unfortunately this bag didn't work for me. The velcro straps that attach it to the rear rack were too long. If you cinched it down tight enough to be secure, the velcro parts would not align and mesh. Everything about the bag is great except that it was impossible to secure it to my bike. I had to replace it.
I wanted a slimline purse just to hold my cell phone & billfold. This turned out to be too big. Nicely made, tho'.
Brightness and resolution didn't quite work out for us.
These things are a bit janky. Unfortunately, there's nothing else quite like it, and I think they're all made in the same factory, no matter the brand.
Lacks the kick of past records. Some beautiful parts but nothing really sticks with me.
the audio is disappointing, kind of fades in and out.
The small how to booklet shown in the picture was not included.
This exhaust/muffler is a 2 piece that screws together... and subsequently unscrews itself while you ride. Needs some type of locking mechanism on the threads. Crazy hot. I've branded the back of my leg already.
Lies it doesn't last 5 days out here in the workplace it lasts about maybe 3 days but still better than the pos 30 dollar cooler also not really water sealed it was on it's back and water leaked through but again its not a super yeti still not bad
We are using this a lot since we got it. We received it on time
I love these 5 stars, but most of the time they get packed vertically and they fold in half and crack. I wish they would get packed flat on the bottom of the box, or placed flat on top of other items. They are great tasting and bake up beautifully. Really good homemade pizzas (or strips of flatbread if they get folded.)
Delivery was on time Packaging was packed really bad.
I did buy refurbished and I did NOT check the headphone jack as soon as the item arrived while I was busy testing everything else. Lo and behold, the headphone jack does not work. I do have the option of sending it back and having it fixed, but the level of effort required on my part (which is huge, because of my location and lack of easy-to-get-to shipping hubs) is not worth the effort of sending this unit back. I haven't decided if this means I no longer buy refurbished, or what, really, but it irritates me.
Over quality was pretty good; was as it should be. but the package was lacking, the corners of my sharpening stone were all chipped from shipping.
It is a good life to have on your note pad .
When I attempted to install Win10 to my hard drive I received an error message saying that the version of W10 was not valid, so it would not install. I talked to Microsoft support and they were more than helpful in getting things straightened out. It was an extra hassle to have to call Microsoft, I expected to be able to install the OS on my PC with no problems :(
It was working fine for couple of days but after that the spray action was defective. Instead of spraying it started to leak all over. May be the one I might have got might be defective.
fine for kids -- too small for adults
Love the product! Five stars for that, but 3 stars overall, because it took so long to get to me!
The tent is plenty spacious, the problem is the set up took way too long for a family camping trip.
it is not warm when weather changes but butter suited for mid spring to mid/late fall
the jerky has great taste, but it was a bit too spicy for us
I ordered a large. My hips measure at 40 and these are too small. They are better than fruit of the loom and other typical underwear you would find at target though!
I bought this to be an EDC . Even though I am hoping I do not need to use the "glass breaker" its nice to have a heavy duty pen. The bad news is this is just a "glass breaker" and not much of a pen. I literally wrote about a page of writing and the pen went dead. Now I have to go find a new cartridge which a decent one will cost more then the pen. I wish they would of just charged more and sold with a quality cartridge. Was a disappointment and the pen has been in the draw ever since and I am on to some thing that works as a pen which I will use more then a glass breaker.
Its a cute mug - i love collecting mugs. this one bugs me tho because it doesnt keep things very hot and then i can't microwave it either because of the metal. So that part blows.... and i havent even had it a month and the handle seems loose. so i guess we'll see where that goes. But i dont hate it - its pretty to carry and use at work.
Initially my son enjoyed these roller blades. He said they were more comfortable than the ones he had previously. However, after less than two months - the roller-blades now change to different sizes (on their own) while he is wearing them. One would assume that a roller blade that is adjustable is meant to last a while - hence the adjustable factor. Two months and many dollars later - I have been proven wrong - an there is nothing that can be done!
Also the package had roaches. Awful!! Glad it's in the garage and not house. Spraying bug spray like crazy!!!!
This music is just not what I had been hoping for. However the case and cds are in new condition.
Came on time but could hear that the DVD was not in its place as it was moving around the sealed case before I took it out of the mailing package. It's a Christmas gift and hope it's not scratched
Game is ok. nothing special and free coins go quickly but it helps put you to sleep so for that reason its ok
never got it to blow up I run around the yard looking crazy. I would rather sit on ground.
I can't really write a review on actually using this because it came with the wrong size collet for the accessories sent with it.
I don't know....supposed to rate app before I use it? Kinda weird
These batteries seem to work well with the exception to removing them from the tool has anyone else had this problem? I tried to email the manufacture but they didn't respond.
movie was ok, not the movie i was expecting.
finally showed up, Hooray! took 2 months
Installed mine about a month ago on at my front door. Camera is only about 30 feet from my router. iPhone app is slow to connect to the camera for impromptu checks, like someone being at my door. Pretty much unable to take advantage of the microphone feature as it's just too slow to connect. I'd say when I need to check the live view, it works 65% of the time. Setup was simple, and it does pretty much record any and all activity that comes to the door, but the core problem with this device is the app.
Colors are nice. Good variety. Tips on a few that I have used so far are slightly damaged and had to be trimmed, but still worked.
I wear this hiking, climbing, biking, walking and traveling. It has been a staple in my personal adventures worldwide. On the contrary, the bill has faded fast from sun exposure. I don't think I'll purchase another in the near future due to the limited SPF resistance.
Next time passer and a free ball for the review
It is not as powerful as it is advertised.
I ordered 6 of these - three came shattered, three came fine.
Did like this, but did not like the rap music.
Good content but the print is too small, and I'm only 28 with perfect vision. Go with the large print version.
This product does not work well when soldering smd components because there is not enough flux to solder. The product I received was very dry and hard.
I have had my day pack for about 2 months now. Overall its a pretty good pack. The only complaint i have is the threading is starting to come apart.
Wanted to love the rack but it was just ok. required a lot of parts to install and took much time- I am no handyman. The plastic rubber piece of the arm loosened often and once they side arm unlatched and luckily noticed after exiting freeway. Would recommend the yakima front loader- easy to install and feel more secure to me at least.
Eh. Not that great. There balsamic vinaigrette is much better.
This was a bad experience with such a device. Major problems were centered around Netflix. Constant spoiling of programs. Menus for series as well as movies was fairly fast only 20% of the time. Very, very often the screen would freeze or lose contact with the server. Unplugging the Apple TV sometimes got everything working again. I would sometimes have to do this 5 times in the course of a days viewing. Got a Fire Stick.......problems disappeared.
UPDATE - I gave this an honest review, and it's a positive review, 4/5 stars. The company said to provide a positive review and they would give me a free bike tool. So I did it. They emailed me and said I HAD to give them a 5-star review in order to get the free gift. I think this is a HUGE disservice and I recommend that ALL READERS BE WARY OF ANY 5 STAR REVIEWS OF THIS PRODUCT. That being said, I stand by my original review, it's a nice product, but the company is more concerned with 5-star ratings than real customer feedback. Removing one star for the company's policy of "buying" 5-star reviews. ORIGINAL REVIEW- This is a nice bag for having your phone and essentials in a convenient place. The waterproof zippers are really well done. The touch screen is responsive. The phone stays in one place and is easy to access. Taking away a star because there is a bit of glare on the plastic that makes the screen difficult to see sometimes, however you can get around this by setting the screen at a high brightness level. Not a big deal, but a matte finish on the plastic might help. The velcro straps are solid and hold things in place, yet are easy to take off if you want to carry the bag with you. Overall, I'm happy with the purchase.
3 stars only because they didn't come with the bolts and I didn't find that out until I was 15 miles from anywhere that I could get bolts
I like it but some reviews said it had a charget and one review showed a picture of the included charger. Less stars for that reason. Otherwise, it works well.
They didn't fit my stove well. I was able to cut them but not quite right. They work incredible, the food just rinses right off! Just not a good fit for my stove.
No comment at this time
It was a gift. My daughter really liked it. It was not a favorite of mine though.
Not as sharp as I would like
Still on the fence. Not sure this works well
Really enjoy playing, but game cuts out constantly. Because of that, I would never consider buying or spending any money on it, free version only
There were no instructions which made it a little difficult to get it right when your 11 year old is super Independant and wants to put it together on his own.
Only reason is price, and they should have something that keeps the handle in place when the cooler is on the handle. Overall it's nice but retarded expensive for aluminum.
Cute glasses, shipped very well/padded. I would've given it a higher rating, but some of the etching is damaged on the bride & groom part. It's not very noticeable from a distance, but both my fiance and I noticed the errors when we were holding them for the first time. Hopefully no one else notices at the wedding.
I ordered an extra large to fit my size 10 pac boots, but they fell off my boots the first time I used them even though I had to stretch them a lot to get them on. I had to tie the front to the boot toes to keep them from falling off. After that, they worked well. The compound used to make the grippers needs to hold better.
They keep my sunglasses from sliding off my face when I sweat, but the grips look geeky. Also, the grips might be best for wire rim style glasses but barely fit and are hard to slide on thicker plastic frames.
I only received one suction
More like a small or medium
Little rich for my taste.
I cannot for the life of me figure out how to get it off military time.
These are great for the price . But they are obviously made for Asian women . They are too short & don't stay up . I constantly am pulling them up my arms.
The screwdriver is okay my only issue is that the bits always come out and it frustrates me to no end.
They send old model .had very strong smell what give me headache.
I love the tools. I've had friends and family recommend Ryobi for years and I have been satisfied with the function of the tools themselves. I'm only giving three stars because one of the batteries is already "defective" according to the test in the charger. I've only used the batteries a handful of times each, a few screws here and there. Cut a couple of boards. No reason the battery should be defective already. Hopefully if I get more from Home Depot they will last longer.
I'm 5'3”, 130 lb and ordered a small. Dress was way too large and there was a lot of excess fabric all over. Had to return sadly because the print was very nice.
realitively fun idle clicker game the ads are ridiculous though, ads when you open the store each time, ads when you change worlds, ads to earn their gems and 2 hour bonus and im sure theres a few ad bits i forgot to mention. they basically stuff ads in every corner they could. if it was fully free to play and not capping out bits and pieces of progress buffs behind gems i wouldnt mind so much but they do cap certain things with gems. even cookie clicker and idle hero games werent as jam packed with ads.
Decent shirt. I'd go with the amazon essential brand. They fit better overall.
Since the title says “Dance Music” I was expecting there to be more continuous music from the different characters, however it is just shows with the theme of music. They do sing some, but it is no different than regular cartoons that come on tv.
My daughter has a 12” bike. I could not get it to fit right. To be balanced I needed a place between 2 holes. I ended up having to bend the metal to make it fit... I was worried about the support, but they are holding up.
This tent is more or less as advertised. The biggest issue so far is that it does not come with any instructions whatsoever. So, while we figured out how to get it up and then back down after minor trial and error, we have no idea how to use the included set for staking it to the ground, since there are no instructions. We have used it in our backyard and enjoyed it, but will soon take it camping and see how it does. As you would expect from the low price, it has a very cheap, flimsy, low quality feel.
Check your local Starbucks before purchasing for the holidays because they offer you a $25 gift card for only $20 versus paying $25 for $25
It works for now and the price was right
Found out I don't like bifocals, especially in the shop. Throws me off.
No cover on the front of the tablet.
I guess it's pretty good since a 4 year old managed to order this. :-)
These are definitely not waterproof. They might be water resistant, but after an hour of ice skating, my hands were wet. I didn't dunk my hands in water or leave them in the snow, but I did have my hands on the ice a couple times and that was enough for them to soak through. I wouldn't take these skiing. They weren't expensive, so i'll keep them for when i'm In the cold for long periods of time, but not much else. They did fit well and were comfortable and I did appreciate the fleece and ribbed cuff so the cold can't get in.
It takes some time to find studs, had to go over and over the same place until it got them
I love it but will have to buy another one. First one of the threads came of...no big deal. But today the rubber piece broke too. I guess it isn't as strong as it looks!!
Arrived with no cap. Product leaked on the dispenser and on the box. Hate paying $15 for this and having it wasted. As for the gel itself, it's divine. Aroma lingers, but isn't overpowering.
I would have absolutely loved this if it actually fit my bag. I have a 65L women's Aura AG and a medium was WAY too big. It was incredibly cumbersome to carry this duffle with my pack inside of it because there was way too much room left inside and only one backpack-type strap to carry it. If you think you need one size, get 2 sizes down from that.
Love the case but the handle broke after only 4 months.
I bought this not expecting much.I was pleasantly proven wrong.It works well enough to get the job done.It may jam without any reason from time to time.The other negative is that you will need to use extra force when working with thicker materials.Overall not a bad tool for moderate jobs.,
Cheesy poor quality. But great idea
Quality is good, but it's much bigger than I expected. I could easily fit 4 pair of regular glasses and 2-3 safety goggles.
Fit's good does not glow
These slide off and RIP kind of easy. I only use them for sanding resin, small stuff, but I'm not happy enough to recommend. I can do what I need but it gets frustrating
The taste is fine but just not strong enough to suit my taste buds.
The real issue I had is that I'm allergic to it. It takes about 3 days of using it for the symptoms to show up but then it takes a couple of weeks for them to go away. It can affect your breathing so a respirator should definitely be used with this product. Otherwise, I feel its a good product for use on countertops. It dries hard but brittle.
The product is ok. For my bike, it did not make a difference but maybe that is because my bike seat is too hard. The sizing is on the dot though.
I bought this for my daughter. It was pretty but It turned dark and rubbed off on her skin. I wouldn't purchase again. Definitely do not get it wet.
Decent flashlight, not as bright as advertised.
These work great on my bike and have great capacity. Another major plus is my feet never hit them when I'm pedaling. I would rate higher than 3 stars but I have some minor gripes. Aside from the side pockets, the main compartment doesn't have any dividers inside so unless you have small organizational pouches, everything is going to be thrown in there together. My other complaint is that the small length adjuster buckle on the shoulder strap cracked after 1 day. If not for that defect this would be 4 stars easy.
haven't used it yet. I need to make a jig for it to use to check my table saw with it. I have already checked it with a combination square. So this might have been a waste of my money att. But I will get around to making a jig for it.
The game is easy to understand by many a pile too easy to play.
Worked awesome the first year of purchasing, now after a year my charging port is malfunctioning causing overheating, lock ups and sometimes it will only partially charge or won't charge at all.
This is my second replacement box. I purchased my 1st box at the local big box retailer in Jan 2018. It started to crack in the back within 2 months. Later, while loading it in my service van. The handle came off. The lid is cracking in the corners now. I e-mailed Dewalt customer service and I have to ship that box to Mississippi for evaluation. So now I ordered a 2nd tool box and, I have to have it because I repair refrigerators in customers homes. The tool box is great because it keeps everything together and saves trips to the service van. But this box is fragile. I worried a bit when I received the 2nd box. The shipping was pretty fast but no packing materials in a oversized box. Luckily it didn't get damaged.
I must not have read the description close enough. It is much smaller than anticipated. It is a bit smaller than my thumb. It looks as if you just turn the top and turn it on and off, but you have to turn it just right for it to actually turn on.
These are fine for the price. I'm just spoiled by a better roasting stick I've had for years that rotates, and I really like that feature. It means you don't have to rotate your whole arm to turn the marshmallow - you can just use your thumb to rotate it. Oh well, I bought these to take on a group camping trip with a bunch of people who were flying in and needed to pack lightly, so I figured I'd provide the sticks for everyone. They worked fine - they're just not top-of-the-line.
I like it but I wish there was more to do
These are a great idea, and work well in soft soil. The glowing tips break very easily, though.
I bought it for work and is great for wut I need it for the only thing was that the screen messed up fairly easy I left it in my tool box for a good period of time when I decided to use it the screen didn't work anymore!
It's nice looking and easy to attach to the Fitbit, but it broke after less than 6 months. Luckily I was at home and it it didn't fall off in a place where the Fitbit would be lost, run over or stepped on.
Nice flavor but not spectacular. Taste about the same as other cinnamon flavor instant oatmeal. Very easy to prepare.
The fit isn't as comfortable as other name brands a little more constricting around the neck
The plastic lens get easily scratched. Except that, it is very nice.
terribly small. not great for sharpening over 4 inch blades at all.
Over priced, but functional
It Doesn't quite fit the new Kindle paperwhite. Other than that it's good quality feels nice if not a little plasticy.
Good fillet knife for the money. Its light, folds up to take up less space, and has a decent edge out of the package. The lock to keep the blade closed is a little scary to operate. It is plastic, and if you're careless, you could definitely break it. The blade is short, which I knew before purchasing. I filet panfish, and trout with it with no issues, but larger fish will take much more effort with this short knife. If you need a filet knife for home, do not get this. Invest in a larger fixed blade to keep at home. This is great for someone out in the wilderness to filet some smaller fish for your camp fire.
This came highly recommended in a few articles that I read, but I find it cumbersome to work with. The texture is annoying. You have to work it in your hands for several seconds to smooth it out, and then rub through your hair. I didn't care for how poor the hold is. I have short hair, but I like that "messy" look. It works OK for that, but if you want anything to stick up, it will fall. Not to mention, you really don't get much of this in the puck. I'm sure it's worthwhile for longer, more wavy hairstyles, but not if you want control over shorter ones.
Not at all what I thought. Very little instruction for sitting down excersizing.
I ended up deleting this app because it didn't cover that many channels on search. It does better on Roku. iheart radio is much better.
This just a average quality DVD. There are no CC which doesn't help. It is an interesting story.
Please a video chat to the kindle I noticed instagram can now could you do it to kik now.
These gloves are pretty good, nothing great. In several locations the stitching has began to come apart
The light button came off after 1 use. Still usable though
The material is like worn out cotton socks. So it looks cheap.
I really liked the color and fit of this hat. Keeps the sun off the head and covers face and ears well. However, after a few wears around water the metal rings on the hat rusted. This rust then bled onto the hat and caused a discoloration.
I expected these for use with screwdriver handle or ratchet. Made for drill chuck. Not for use in tight spaces.
It works, but is taller than previous motor so cover doesn't close all the way.
Works but not as quickly as I would expect it to be as a separate purchase.
Just getting into this game...so far so good....
Not bad for the price
They sent me 4 different lenses to fit into the frame but only the gray lens is polarized. The mirrored bright orange lens isn't polarized and so it isn't what I really wanted.
I like Bon Jovi but this CD did not have a good sound.
I am just one person, but managed to unpack it and set it up, despite them saying two people are best to do what lifting and set up. I had some trouble trying to figure out how to attach the legs, but finally figured it out. You insert the assembly through a slot on the bottom of the screen. I had to phone tech support to get some of it working, and Sony online registration didn't work. My 2013 sound bar isn't supported, so I have to adjust the sound volume physically, not by the remote. The sound bar doesn't have a HDMI connection, so the remote can't adjust the sound. As far as 4K, I see little difference from my HD Panasonic. My movies in 4K aren't very sharp, although streaming 4K videos by some apps seems to be O.K. I do have a 60" screen, much better than say my 50" former TV, and it's a lot brighter than my 2007 Sony. I tried to hook up my computer by HDMI cable, but for some reason it didn't seem to work. I may try that again, but I'll have to see. All in all, if I had known that this was so disappointing, I'd have saved my money. Subjectively, the image quality of my older Panasonic seems just as good, and 4K looks to be not worth it. As a return would be such a hassle, being that the box gets somewhat destroyed as you unpack it, my advice is not to get this. Unless you have to have the latest and greatest, save your money. The sound level varies from what usage, so the remote not working with my sound bar is a reason for me favoring never having bought this in the first place.
Was ok but ended up deleting - wasn't that fun
I do really like the HDX, but buyer beware - this is a 4th gen model (which they manage not to mention), and is not the latest/last model before being discontinued. Additionally, it came with very outdated system software, and it took a couple hours to download successive updates.
200 may sound like a lot but its not. Price a bit steep for what i got.
It's hard to get the cover installed over the bite valve securely. Mine keeps popping open under the slightest pressure.
This is a great compact media player, the only thing wrong is the remote control. You h we to have it pointed directly at the machine I order for it to work and then it works only part of the time. I have put in new batteries and still the same issue. It is frustrating and really is the only reason for the low star rating. Not sure if this is just a faulty remote or the actual design.
The rent is very easy to set-up but it is hard to get the walls taught and we felt like it was caving in on us at the slightest breeze. There is a small pole that seems to have no use. Maybe if we could figure out where this went the tent would have been taught but the instructions were vague and the pole seemed to have no point.
Very difficult to install,
After washing, socks shrink and now feel too small and short. Should add more sizes. There are some made in US and some made in China.
did not give me any paperwork on this?
I liked it but it's need more free activities so you can have more things to do.
I haven't completely experienced it but here it is
These are still decent drivers. However looking at some of my fathers Craftsman drivers from the 80's I can tell these do not have the quality control they once did. Another thing is the shaft that extends into the resin driver handle is not nearly as well secured as in the old drivers. The little T protrusion that prevents spinning the handle is not even half the size of the older models. I'm sure with enough torque you can spin the handle right off, just be cautious and know its possible.
Very poor quality. It didnt fit my stove very well.
Realized it was just a cover, not the whole tent
This Dash Cam is functional and the picture is nice. It has a great price but I would pay more for a product that can provide an owners manual that is written in English by someone who speaks English Fluently. Dear China stop being so CHEAP. Now if you understand English-a difficult language to catch on to- you would know cheap is not a compliment. Please provide value with your product. The Japanese mastered quality, customer service and value for the money and I know China can too. It doesn't matter how great a product is if you cannot understand how to use it. I am a smart guy but I admit I am a Slow Learner and a Poor Reader. Thank you for the hard work ahead for me trying to figure out how to use it. I know you are under a lot of pressure trying to hide all of the money you make from the watchers there in a non capitalist country but you need to make user friendly products.
The fit is not that great; I expected them to be a little larger based on what I read. Also, the ability to use my smartphone can be limited at times. There have been several instances where I have to repeatedly attempt to press or swipe on something to get it work.
I've tried just about every color pack brand out there. The colors are brighter but do not last. Other brands last much longer.
Like some other reviewers, the bottle I received smelled really foul. It might only be the denatured alcohol as another reviewer said, but I just can't stand to put this stuff on my face. I used it once and then sent it back. I can't say if I got a counterfeit product, or if it got too hot during shipping (it's hot here in Florida even in October), or if that's the way it always smells. Based on the high number of happy users I'm guessing I just got a bad bottle and mostly it would be fine. Anyway, I can't really say what it would do for my face since I'm returning it. Hopefully most people would have a better experience with it.
It was a cute, little feel good movie,but nothing more.
I'd like to give this a better rating, but it does not shut off when the timer is up!! It will continue to play sounds until you manually shut the program down, or your device dies (if its not charging). Very annoying. I have this on my Kindle and my Phone, same issue on both devices.
Hard to hook myself. Turned color fairly quickly.
Maybe I need practice?
I thought it would be a darker navy
never got CD product manual even after emailing- still need it
Little girl liked it but not real excited
Looks very nice and sleek. I tried slicing a 1-inch block of wax with it, and the blade got unbuckled. Be careful when working with it.
The cloth bag that came with the ropes was too small to fit all of the ropes into. Also, I'm not sure what the red band in the kit was included for (this isn't a rope, and I'm not sure what knots it was meant for, if any). The plastic cards are handy.
To big for my bucket, cant travel with on. the handle won't fit over seat, easy to clean . But study enough to sit on . I got for my emergency kit.
I love Mora blades and give them out to my students regularly. This last batch I bought were all faded and discolored. I have bought the Cyan Color before so I know what they were suppose to look like. This new batch was baby blue with a yellow tint. I contacted Mora directly via their website and they never got back to me.
Ordered a black and they sent a red. Not sure why it would be so hard to send this correct one? I'll be returning it.
Bought this TV for a bedroom in a motorhome. Wanted a lighter TV than the monstrosity that was there. Works OK for that purpose. One feature I wanted was the ability to plug this in to a DC outlet. The questions section indicated that this tv had DC capability. Not true. Only 110 ac capable. Other than that this is a good TV. Picture - not as crisp as some of the more expensive TV's but this TV was much less expensive. The balance between picture quality and cost is good. Sound - Can I hear it? - yes! Does it have outstanding sound - NO! But it cost less than $100. I have enough sound to hear what I want. Overall build quality - looks good and even though it's refurbished there isn't a mark on it. This is a perfect TV for an RV, small room, first TV for child. Not so good a choice for a main TV in a larger room. ( Unless you are severely budget oriented)
Sent it back, it worked but decided to go with a auto darkening one.
I was disappointed to find that although the length was right, the heel portion of the upper was too low, so it slipped. Had to return them.
I would say this “works great” but I don't see a dramatic difference but it has helped. Definitely will stain your hands. Found it works best when leaving it on for as long as you have time for in the shower and scrubbing it frequently. The downside is I do feel a build up on my hair when using it. If I bought another blue/purple shampoo I would probably go with something different but it's doing it's job for now.
Good Quality, but I can go to a local fabrication shop and have these manufactured for half the cost. Good Quality though.
Gloves are not waterproof.
It works great in bluetooth mode but it will NOT stay on my network and when we join the GGMM network it plays music for 10 seconds, drops the network, then my phone will go back to my last known good connection which is my own network. I know how to set up the network as I'm a IT networking technician so it's not my set up. No instructions on how to solve this issue unless I just can't find it.
Too tight around the calf. I much prefer sockwell brand. Seam too big around toes as well.
The light is very bright - easy to set up and charge too. The only problem is with the head strap. It will not stay adjusted where I want it. I adjust the straps to the most comfortable spot but when I put it on they move back to their original place.
Kind of clumsy. Seems to only fit one kind of size hand. But I guess it's good for how cheap it is
Love the movie and the okay is but bad. Really bought it for my mom.
I love most Annie's products and thought these would be a healthier cheese cracker. They are simply flavorless. I will stick with Annie's mac and cheese.
Cord is long. I custom installed an outlet on my ceiling so I could plug this in, the cord is long and looks bad dangling on my ceiling. Got this because I moved to the city and needed stuff delivered inside. Many prime items are not eligible which is really frustrating.
Did not do a great job on drilling out harden exhaust bolts, but they did not seem to dull either. just did not cut as I would have hoped. I nice drill bit set.
I loved these lights when I bought and used last year. This year when I removed them from tote to put up, the ends were rusted and the lights will not work. I purchased 10 strands all together and I'm very disappointed.
The band is nice, but the holders on tbe opposite side of the band broke mediately. I ordered two, the brown leather and the red. Having the sliding holder break off was a bummer!!!
These are travel size.
Waiting for my $15.00 credit for buying this Gift Card
Sound fails. I've to fix it.
Not a supportive as I needed, and far too small for my leg. I don't like the feeling of Velcro on my skin because the device is too small.
Like all other Ridgid drills I have these are full of torque. The battery lasts for days at a time as well. The one complaint I have is that when you press the trigger there is a delay before the motor engages. Not a big deal but drives me nuts. I constantly think something is wrong. I guess that is something you have to live with when you get brushless motors. I don't really like how long the light stays on after your done either. Should be a switch for it too.
This bag is very nice. It does not sit up straight like the photo but is does work well on my bike.
It's fun, however the more I do the easier they get because the questions start to repeat in the puzzles. I started doing these to challenge my mind now that I'm retired. Some still do but the multiple repeating questions needs to be changed.
Please note, this is a rather small lock...good for a kids bike or a thin frame, not for thick heavy framed bikes. Value is as expected for its price, not great, but usable at college to keep bike from being stolen.
Since I work inside, the dust collector is a crucial feature for me. I punched the holes into the sandpaper and even "cleared" the holes on the other side so that the dust could flow through to the bag. Nothing worked. I detached the bag several times, but all the dust was on my floor, none of it was in the bag. The device holds nicely, feels good to use, but without dust collection, it's useless to me.
Handy, but it barely fits 150' of medium weight. You will need to make the notches larger for medium weight rope.
OK ......................................................................................................................
It's good but you have to pay for most of the stuff
Worked well but small
One of the clips on the flashlight came broken, a few of the lights have a problem where the adjustable zoom is loose and will fall by itself, lastly some of them have an uneven been where the light is deformed. Overall they all function and get the job done but you get what you pay for.
I purchased these as part of a baby shower gift, so I have not washed them. They measure 30 x 30 inches, but the material seemed thinner than I expected. That may be just from being compressed for shipping, and they may fluff when they are washed a couple times. They were a good value for the price, and mothers can never have enough things like receiving blankets.
The material is thin and doesn't breath. Pretty sure they're not cotton.
Cute bike but one of the tires came flat which was frustrating.
You can find them cheaper at walmart from time to time but they come in handy
The socks are warm and soft. However, the seam at the toe goes right across my toe cuticles. The seam is thick enough to cause irritation and sores enough to make the socks uncomfortable enough to not wear as often as I'd like.
I love my pink work gloves. I work construction most days of the week and need some work gloves that will hold up and last. These are not them. The first pair I purchased ripped on the index finger after about 4 months. I figured that was okay because I am so hard on them. I ordered a second pair and they only lasted me about 6 weeks before the index finger ripped again. I need a glove that can handle real work. Doesn't anyone make a tough pink work glove? I can't be the only woman construction worker out there that wants pink work gloves!
Size is smaller than standard 12 which is what I ordered
Not enough stations supported
The kit came with all the tools I needed as a beginner. The only problems I had was that the cloth was hard to work with, and that there were no instructions on how to embroider.
Will not work with every application. Sometimes hard or impossible to fit into tight spaces.
Ordered and returned three different times, couple of the disks were damaged....I gave up on getting a perfect one.
Just started it, not sure yet if I like it much.
It gets really hot quickly.
Took to long to arrive
I've only worn the band a handful of times and the colors have already started wearing off in the underside. Overall still very cute and priced affordably. I would be upset if I paid a lot more for it.
Works fine except for some lag
Started drilling precise holes in the doors, only to see the handles crooked when installed. I found out most of the legs on the handles aren't parallel. If you lay the handle down on a flat surface, there will be a gap between the surface and the tip of one of the legs. I had to check each handle before drilling the holes and compensate for the crookedness of the legs.
Not my favorite canned chicken. Slightly salty for my taste. My family is split 50/50. Some like it better than others.
Cooling is negligible. At least the laptop doesn't cut off anymore.... It is SO LOUD that I had to move the laptop to another room altogether.
I had to read some other reviews to make sure I wasn't crazy - one of these stoves worked great the entire time it was cooking rice and then steaming vegetables. Unfortunately I brought the other stove of my two-pack on my backpacking trip! It made for a frustrating breakfast as it would light and stay ignited for 30 seconds to a minute before fizzling out. I had plenty of fuel and could hear it sloshing around. Took about 3 or 4 tries to get the stove screwed on just right and then it stayed lit long enough to boil water for coffee and a meal. Looks like other people have had similar problems. I would think it was just me, but I think if I'd threaded it wrong, it just wouldn't have started at all! The price is definitely right and it seems like when it works, it works great (boils water quickly) so perhaps still buy but make sure you test it out for a good five minutes before relying on it for meals or water in the backcountry.
It doesn't have live channels
Item is only the entire series not in a box set like some user pictures show
I like it but it causes some irritation on my skin after wearing for a few days.
Thought these were going to be just like hot hands but they get way too hot. When you first activate them you would have to wait for them to cool down to put the soul into your shoe to even walk around in them.
They want you to use their server. Server is swamped, can't handle load. I used some zmodo software with IE for local viewing. What are they thinking? Server is probably someone's laptop.
No spanish subtitles.............awful
I use these beans to put in my homemade soups.
These make a wonderful difference with my glasses. I especially like using them with safety goggles to keep them from falling off when looking down. A second benefit, and the reason for buying them, is the softness reduces the rattling noise while against my behind-the-ear hearing aids. Update August 19 2018: They didn't last very long before they broke and came off the glasses.
Not as good a plot line as I had anticipated
Super uncomfortable on the top of my feet. I work as a chef so I am always on my feet. I got these because they are slip resistant. They are light weight and somewhat comfortable but the area resting in the top of my foot is ungodly and i loath wearing these...
Nice hand cream but way too expensive for the size. Don't care for the smell either.
not up to the series in any way
Had difficulty finding a cord to connect with a laptop. Was disappointed that I could not run an actual power point presentation which is what I bought it for. I guess it would be great for gamers but if you want to use it with a laptop I would not recommend...good luck!
Its better than most of whats on the TV these days but like some others I was disappointed with the writing in both this and the preceding season. I don't know if they ran out of ideas or strayed from the original premise to much for my liking but it just wasn't the old CSI.
Has small gaps between layers. Strings like to come off while in use.
Great reel but all the lettering on the reel are rubbing off and you can see the magnetic break level #'s anymore. I would definitely buy more of there reels if this issue was fixed but that's a deal breaker for me.
These are usually great radios but one night in the rain and it is ruined.
A little flimsy but does the job and yes fits in a credit card holder
And the smell of them are not very crazy. The "not a perfume" is kind of creative, i mean, he just uses the main ingredient of all the parfume in the world, and not add anything to it, its a good idea! But the smell make me 🤢 if i use it too many days in a row
I love this series but this package is just a box with a stack of dvds stuck in it.
My daughter likes this game but i just thought it was ok
Does not stay attached to back when open. Felt on inside attracts lint and pet dander
This bottle truly spill-proof. It is so spill-proof that it is difficult for the kids to drink water out of it... in fact, it was difficult even for an adult.
It's a nice hit of nostalgia, but it drags at points.
Good knife but the handel is a little on the short side. People with big hands will have a problem with this. The knifes quality seems good but the sheath is horribly cheezy. Plan on having to make or have a new one made to carry this regularly.
More like toddler sized. Disappointed. Well made, just won't work for us.
Love the fact that it is cordless. Hate the fact that the glue oozes out of the nozzle when it is on the docking station. Also, the cord falls out of the docking station fairly easy.
The lock button was broken when received new in box :(
Doesn't seem to be well balanced cooling wise. Drinks in the back get too cold and explode, while drinks towards the upper shelves and front end stay fairly cool. So even though it's advertised to hold so many beverages, you'll probably want to fill with caution if you like your drinks cold.
Works well, but don't drop it! I have owned three of these, and they fit superbly in your pocket for EDC use, but they must have a weak connection somewhere because even a normal drop to a hard surface has resulted in total failure to function in one unit, and Questionable reliability in another. But for the price I would definitely recommend it.
I did not order this or many of the items listed in my account. Obviously my account has been hacked or something! Please help!
Much smaller than you realize. Too bad they don't post some sort of comparison next but to another object.. Haven't tried yet but seems very short, about the height of a phone case.
Too low to the ground. Hard to get out of.
The light position and adjustment not good. If you want to look down your head must be at an unnatural angle to the ground. It works average for looking into trees several feet away. Brightness and color very good.
Pros- Discreet, very sharp knife Cons- Difficult to open and close
I like it because it is keeping the scratches at bay, but everything else sucks to high hell. This thing was a lint magnet. I had to apply and reapply 6-7 times. I have never had this kind of issue with putting on a screen protector before. It just continued to collect more and more dust.
I bought the dryer to avoid damaging my hair. I can't tell it makes a difference really but it does the job.
This only charges one battery at a time. I expected it to charge all at once
Decent product for the money, a little in the flimsy (cheaper plastic) side but it gets the job done. Don't think it'll last through too many drops but it gives a nice bright light. Giving it 3/5 stars because I wish it was a little more sturdy and the knob to turn on wasn't wiggly.
I am like the whitest person I've ever met, seriously, no one is as pale as me without being an albino. The “light” shade of this is too light even for me. The next shade up would be too dark for my winter complexion. I also would have preferred just a bit more tint to this tinted moisturizer, I like sheer but it's just a little too sheer. Also, it seems to sort of sit on top of my skin rather than soaking in like a moisturizer should, and I can easily wipe it off even much later after applying. It sort of crumbles and wipes off. I normally love Juice cosmetics, but I was disappointed with this particular product.
These run a little on the small side. The wash will be the real test.
It's help me but the 120 mph is not true, doesn't have that power and take too long to charge.
These wrenches work well; however, I wanted to buy these for my wife so she can use it in the kitchen to open jars (one of the recommended uses in the description). The smell of the rubber is aweful and could even make my wife who is pregnant feel sick. I soaked this in a soap solution and then a vinegar solution over night. Does not help the smell. :(
This thing is so loud and terrible vibration.
Product packaging was horrible. Had hair in it.Really could have done a better job repackaging the tools. Seems to do the job.
These are not the best by any means. They function but there is a lot of static/feedback. They protect my hearing though which is important. I only use these for on duty qualifications because the traditional style make my hair super janky.
Lots of room, storage and pockets but the stitching failed causing me to pack less to avoid the shoulder strap from tearing away.
NO, ONLY BECAUSE IT ADVERTISES WIDE MOUTH ( ONLY THING WIDE IS THE MOUTH OF JAR) NOT THE ACTUAL OPENING WHERE FLUIDS COME OUT WITH A COVER OR THEIR LID. (WHICH IS TOO SMALL OF AN OPENING), However it keeps water cold for long periods, that part works GREAT.
Perfect buttery color, but poor opacity. Takes at least 3 coats to put down a good solid color. I expected better quality from an OPI product, but the shade is very unique and hard to find.
In order to insert a battery, you have to press really hard and at an awkward angle, so it can be a bit tricky. Also the battery is loose so it rattles around in the holder. But other than that it works great and fits my project well.
Kind of works, have to reapply.
Really unique. Unfortunately any to sharp to use on the scalp.
Size is smaller than requested.
These are good, but have a strange (not unpleasant) taste. Just not the LaraBar I expected. I will probably buy again.
Normal quality Zippo. But it takes to many flicks to light hence the 3 star rating.
I have only used it for a week, and my results so far - cost isn't worth the results. I will continue to use - maybe it will work over time. I see no reason at this point to ever buy it again.
It charges only from my computer doesn't stay charged fully for over a day. Good for about four to six hours when fully charged.
Didn't fit in the Keurig but I fund a way to make them
Like that it's free to listen to audiobooks but it buffers a lot or just stops playing altogether.
Need to have a larger bottom strap
The scooter is built fairly cheaply and rattles due to the nut securing the handlebars coming loose. We ended up having to purchase a $200 scooter after buying this one but the kids are happy.
These are okay but leave a little to be desired if you are try to loosen bolts that require much torque.
the knife is a nice knife and holds a sharp edge under difficult conditions, wet or dry......unfortunately, i bought this for spearfishing and needed the plastic sheath for securing the knife for diving.......within a month the pin that holds the spring mechanism on the sheath rusted out, leaving me with only the canvas sheath to dive with.....the snap on the canvas sheath started to rust too.....i`ll now have to buy a new "one size fits all" sheath to utilize the knife while diving.......
It's okay but a little awkward to carry. Great storage compartments
Laughed out loud a few times but it's still not as good as the original.
It fits and seems well made, but really not very happy with the angle of the stand, maybe personal preference.
Nice EP. Tink has some nice songs and great tracks.
The edges of the silicone were not as clean cut or smooth as expected
it is not a snug fit around the back of my head and then over my ears .. air leaks when it is slightly windy also .. should have been half an inch longer and would have covered the ears properly.
Hard to tighten and have to keep re tightening. Fix this and it would be great. Still serviceable and helpful.
Haven't used it yet but one of the stones came unglued. Not sure what glue to use to get it back on since it's my first sharpening stone.
I love the bag well thought-out. Only problem I had when I went to open it the leather strap pulled right off I replaced it with a key ring other than that it's great
Not even a year and my microwave stopped working. It started sparking and is unusable
They are ok used to remove some old caulk and was a little disappointing. Was a half way decent scraper but overall probably would have been happier with a more expensive option.
Bag was GREAT the first 2 days because I didn't use ice. Beverages stayed cold for quite awhile. Then I tried it with ice and it leaked...bad. My butt was soaked from carrying the pack on the 2 block walk(in negative temps). Unfortunate. I really wanted this to work. UPDATE: The company emailed me and wanted to send me a new bag. I have yet to try the new one. But did switch from 2 to 3 star review for the ama,ing customer service! Within a week of writing my review I had a new bag and was told to keep the old one too! Will update again once I've tested new cooler out!
Does Not stand up correctly. Still ok to protect tablet.
The functionality is great...no complaint there. The problem lies with the remote being so tall. The other problem is the Amazon remote slides out so I used Scotch clear tape to hold it in place. That is why I've it 3-stars. Again, functions and performance was spot on.
As a product, it does the job and does it well. One thing which I did not consider its physical size. It is a beast compare two the other two individual chargers I currently have. When I bought it I was looking at more batteries, and the need for another charger, so it made sense to buy a double. However, when I gotten it I realized how big it was and in that takes up a lot of space. If you want to store it in a bag, you need a larger bag. Or if you want to put it in a shelve space you need a large shelve, verse the individual unit allow some flexibility. The smaller one I can put two of the single chargers in a bucket or tool bag, this unit is so large makes that much harder. It something you may want to think about before buying a double. Not a bad product, but it does have that limitation to it.
By this time you just have to watch to see what ridiculous thing they're gonna do next. Always a treat when big names get chomped on screen.
I loved that this hydro was so much less than the normal and it shipped in 1 day! However, it shipped with a dent on the bottom. I'm going to contact hydroflask to see what they can do.
Product is very rough at the top for the hands, should be made better, better quality control, sanded better and vanished with alot more coats of varnish
Your standard run of the mill photo app.
It has a decent amount of stuff, but not enough FULL series. For $7 a month, not worth it.
Really spacious and lightweight but unfortunately the one I received has 2 zippers that don't work.
These bits don't handle tiles like they should. I installed towel rods and toilet paper holders on 5 different types of marble & ceramic tile, these bits handled some great but melted on others, they got eaten up so fast. I cant recommend them
Smaller than advertised
I like the product. I haven't gotten too far watching the series. At this time the 3rd disc from the first season only plays the first two and not the end of the second episode. Doesn't look like anything is wrong with it and my Blu-Ray works fine.
I ordered white and got stainless steel.
Nice fit and finish but pockets are shallow and too tight in the seat, a deal breaker for me.
Screwdrivers work and such but the plastic bits and the metal pry tool is very easily bendable and renders the tools useless.
Fit weird on knees. Kid hated them. One star for comfort. Not quite sure about durability yet.
Once again, poor packing. The bread crumb packages were not secure in the box and one cardboard can was crushed with loose crumbs in the box. Not a lot and I can still use them. Had the same problem (twice) with Ajax cardboard cans. The bubble wrap needs to be wrapped around cardboard cans, not just thrown into the box. Do not send me a replacement, just train the packers. This is a great service and I know you are very busy but you don't need to be replacing items because of poor packing.
It's a little cheaply made. I bought it to make bath bombs but it's actually a little difficult to use it for that. The mix gets caught in the tiny crevices in between the mold circles and it makes it hard to close all the way to get a tight fight. I ultimately put it away in my cabinet and got a single stainless steel mold.
It does not keep the food hot. The product says it can keep items hot up to 12 hours. We bought this mainly to use for lunches during the work week. By lunchtime, which is approximately (5 hours), the food is not hot, it is only lukewarm.
The star bit set was the right size and price. However, I had one bit crack after only a couple of uses. Still, I would buy the product for light use.
This works great for molex and dupont connectors but simply would not crimp JST connectors at all
Nice bright light but the horn is horrifically loud. Its more likely to cause an accident than prevent one. Suppose to be able to change it by holding it for 4 seconds but i can stand the noise for 0.5 seconds! Also the light doesnt detach from the strap likes its designed to do.
Our nephew has a hard time getting the lights to stay on his bike. He's only used them 3 times and the power button has already broken. We love the idea and would probaly buy again because of the price just not sure we would give another as a gift.
Arrived intact. Hard to rate these, since they are kept as emergency rations. Opening up for a taste would expose them all to the air- packaged in a vacuum packed lump. :)
A few great songs and some not so great
They sent me mostly blue and white knobs. So I ordered a second time because it was less hassle than waiting for a refund etc etc. The second order was 50% blue and white. It was a bummer, but I didn't get enough colorful ones to finish the project I was working on. I'm just stuck with 25 blue and white knobs.
don't really know what it's boosted , but i'am not having any connection issues
sand paper is sand paper
You need to apply A LOT to make it work
It did not arrive with the bb attachment as pictured. It is a necessary attachment in order to attach the BB.
The bag itself is just like the picture with ample space. However the smell of it was headache worthy, I let it air out, washed it and even tried fabric spray and I could still smell it, definitely some kind of chemical. If I'd have known about the smell I wouldn't have wasted the money.
Saw blades don't stay in super great. Case doesn't hold the tools. But everything else is acceptable I guess.
The color was not as pictured. I bought these for my 6 year old daughter, and I thought if they were a bit 'girly' she might be more likely to wear them. Instead of the pink and teal cloth, I received green and yellow with the grey palm. Not bad, but not what I wanted. I also didn't realise they were synthetic and appear a bit thinner than normal work gloves. I'm returning to order the real leather work gloves, as she needs the protection while working.
It's a good idea. It's kind of difficult to use without any shut off valve in the tubing.
Not as long lasting as you would like
The dub was a bit childish, still prefer the old ad police files that started the whole series other than that it's all right
I had no idea what protection to buy, so I chose these. First time I used these was today at a indoor range. Really startled that it really didn't do to much to protect my ears. I cringed everytime my neighbor shot his 40 cal. Even my 9mm was a tad louder than it should have been. Now I need to buy "indoor" protection. Also found their manual confusing. It comes in 27 languages, and they give you this confusing image. (See my uploaded picture.)
They make you visible but do not provide much forward light.
It's ok and can be used for slap together jobs where you don't care about accuracy very much. If you do care about accuracy and having things line up then you need to look elsewhere. This moves all over the place. Even when you do hold it in place it still isn't accurate.
I love having an actual CD but now a days hardly anyone has a CD player so I always import my CD to computer and put it on my ipod. This CD wouldn't import. We tried everything we could think of and still nothing, disappointed that I now have to purchase the digital version too.
Typical bungle brought something great, but the player base is just trash. Solo is 5/10 and crucible, gambit are just horrible ATM. You can't even do the raid with the elitist SoBs already requiring items. If you look to just shoot things sure. If you want to feel rewarded no.
These were okay, but they did break more often than cheaper ones. I will not pay that much for "pretty" again.
It was ok but it could have been a lot better
Original batteries and the spare ones lasted very short time - the replacement is not easily done
The straps are not comfy for my 5 and 7 year olds. The bladder isn't of the greatest quality either. But the overall size of the bag is a good fit for my girls. We fit snacks, lunches and anything extra we might need on a little hike.
A blade broke at the base on the first use. Other blades are a bit wobbly and unsturdy. But otherwise, great product!
The controls are hard to use. You want to go to, say, the main menu of a movie/show,and sometimes the command gets you something else and sometimes you have to fuss with the buttons to get to the place you want to be. I expect this is because of cheap circuitry, but I guess what can one expect for the price? The picture is okay, but sometimes one has to adjust the angle of the screen because shadows and glare interfere. I found it is best to use ear buds and the volume is then pretty good.
Great large beach chair, a little higher off the ground than most, making it easier to get out of. I bought the blue/green striped pattern which is as pictured. Would be nice to have a small zippered waterproof pocket attached under the arm of the chair for phone, keys etc. It is a little hard to close, I struggle every time and haven't figured out the secret! Nice large pouch on the back for towel etc however the flap does not secure tightly so things will fall out if you don't carry it upright. My big issue with the chair is comfort, or lack of comfort!, while carrying it. I purchased the backpack chair to wear while riding my bike 1 mile to the beach. There is a bar on the chair that hits right across my backbone and is extreamly uncomfortable while on my bike. To help lessen the pain I have to make the straps as long as i can and wear it as low as it goes. Works ok, but in that position it pulls on my shoulders and somewhat makes my arms numb! Luckily the ride is short! Overall the chair itself is nice, but design is not conducive to carrying comfort.
The DVD has nuggets of insights, with long stretches of boredom. More of a self-promotion video than a documentary.
not a perfect fit but works
I ordered a Grey and Green cooler but received a Blue one. Not sure how or why that happened. It's too big to try and send back, so I guess I now have a blue cooler! Otherwise I like it. We took it to beach. It worked great on the beach , held everything we wanted it to. But after one use the lid started to bow, it will still seal as of now, but it looks bad. very disappointed for what I paid for it !
Numbers seem different from the numbers that professional leak detectors gave but relatively seemed to work ok.
Clips are a little cheaply made.
Well the game is really fun except every time I join the game the screen goes partly yellow and then closes. Please help.
The dvds themselves are in good shape and exactly what we ordered, but the case is cracked in three places and we were wondering if we can get a replacement case for the dvds? Thank you in advance for your help! Jason and Emily Will
The mount did not line up with the holes in my rack, so with the undo stress on the mount it split horizontally and the light went bouncing down the road (fortunately it survived). Obviously, the mounting hole patterns are not standardized. I ride 100+ miles a week, and have been in single digit temperatures, so that didn't help it either. I ordered another one, and will shave down the mounting post that doesn't fit in the hole of my rack. The light clips to the mount perfectly, as you would expect. Hope this helps.
Chinese knockoffs. Not bad for the price. Time will tell if it hold to its purpose and use
This is a review of the product (DVD), not the series. It has non-removable subtitles, and this is a deal-breaker for me. I want to practice with my Danish / Norwegian / Swedish comprehension, and having the English subtitles there is distracting.
Too big for a small room and not that comfortable... wanted like a bean bag feel
I actually like this a lot. Three stars because of a design flaw. I read books in portrait mode. I do everything else in horizontal. This Kindle is so much more than a book. Make the side open like the top. I can't plug the charger in! That's a big deal.
Keeps hands warm! Not very fashionable though- I wish I got leather gloves instead. These gloves are functional, but not great looking.
Agree with all reviewers about the black model. I bought black to match my bike and sadly black does have a clear coating over it and after it scratched a bunch of times it's no longer looking black. It is also more difficult to squeeze.
Was too small but I got a quick exchange for a large pair.
Most Knipex are ready out of the box. This needle nose however is very tight and doesn't open or close with ease. This product needed a lot of TLC to be broken in. After the break in process, it works lovely. Possible lemon.
every can was dented
It sure does hold for an hour or two. Not a fan of the smell.
5/10. Not easy to get a good seal and pump plunger will stick 50% of the time and you will have to start over. Pros: gauge Cons: plunger sticks, hard to attach to presta valve
I used it recently Works ok, gets the job done. Could use finer edge on the blades. Gets the job done for a reasonable cost.
Great item except the whole reason I bought it was because it said each tool locks into place but only the knife locks into place. So when you're using the screwdriver it just collapses on you
A really nice pen frame that accepts top end refills. Shame Amazon doubled the price on them. The price hike is why I dropped to 3 stars.
fine on a computer , the mobile app keeps failing to connect.
eh its ok, sort of works probably better for some sizes than others.
If you thought those stereo rack cabinets and gas grills in the 80's and '90s were maddening and chincy to assemble ....this takes it to a new level.
The velcro strap used to mount this makes it not perfectly reliable at catching brass, but that's done so it can work with almost any rifle. And at least with this all the brass falls at your feet.
First couple of times I bought these, they were fine - last time package was printed as resealable but had no reseal flap. Cookies seemed OK. Seem like factory seconds.
Kinda boring. I hope I was not charged for it.😕
Very small- small light. I wouldn't count on this to see much. Need to order another flashlight
one of my lesser liked Studio Ghibli films. It had it's interesting moments to be sure, but the overarching story simply doesn't impress me. PARENT WARNING: aside from the animal testes, which i could honestly accept and overlook, as kids see animals with private parts all the time, THERE IS a brief scene with kids holding up a Playboy with 3 naked drawn human women in them. nipples and all. Just thought i'd point that out for prospective buyers. like i said, the movie was only OKAY. i sort of regret buying it. if it were $7 or less, it'd be more worth it.
Product tends to be tight fitting. There is the typical shrinking when washed. Larger upper body built persons may or may not like the tightness to this item.
I'm semi-boycotting this game right now because I started to get frustrated with low voting scores and not being able to afford decorations. I hate that you can only use items a total of 5 times before you have to pay for them again. And the decorations can only be won when you level up or purchased with diamonds. Except, everything is super expensive and I can only maybe buy 1 decoration per day with the diamonds I get in the daily.
OK I guess don't remember ordering this
No big chucks of Rice Crispies like when bought in the store... a little disappointing :/
Super cute bike but a kickstand would be nice for when the training wheels come off & the stickers started to peel off within the first month.
Whoever is making the Ancient Aliens DVD's is making a holy mess. This Season 11, volume 1, only features 2 DVD's with 6 episodes, while, for unknown reasons, volume 2 with the remaining 7 episodes in not available yet. On the upside, unlike what someone else stated in their review, season 11 was NOT included in the 10th anniversary edition (which includes all 135 episodes). I'm only giving this season 3 stars as I was under the impression (for lack of sufficient information) I was buying the entire 11th seasons with all 13 episodes. Hopefully this review helps someone else not fall for this marketing ploy.
I'm giving this product 3 stars because overall, they are decent. But, the do run small. I bought the XL and they still don't fit. Also, I skied in 24 degrees and used these gloves for the first time last weekend. My hands were warm for about 30 minutes, then they started getting cold. At about an hour, it felt like I wasn't wearing anything and had to take them off on the lift to close my fists/warm up my hands. The quality itself feels okay, but I can only give adequate feedback on that over time. A positive side is the stow pocket; I will try these again this weekend with some handwarmers in the stow pocket to see if that helps. I'll leave more feedback to let you all know if that worked.
This cover worked well for me for the 6 weeks I had to use it while I continued farming with a fractured foot.
Whatever Works DVD broke as we tried to remove it from its packaging. Can't be watched.
My only problem is I use this for framing in the Tx heat. So when it sits in my framing bags all day it gets a lil toasty. It's pretty much all metal but it works fine. I wrapped mine in electrical tape.
Not happy with the dust canister... would be better with a vacuum port instead. Otherwise works fine.
Not secure must be for men's boots only too wide. But for a minute ok on my boots.
The tape is great but it was advertised as coming with a log nail but it was not included.
I purchased this for our studio Airbnb space and because the bed is in the same room I am keenly aware of the constant gurgling noise that has been an issue from the start. I read many reviews before purchasing and some people indicated that noise is a problem. I hoped that we would get a quiet one. We Did Not...... Actually, I have another larger Danby with a freezer and it seems that the manufacturer just can't produce a quiet motor. Nice frig; However, if you are sensitive to noise...look for another model.
Okay, not for me though. deleted
I bought these figuring an XL would fit just right, but surprisingly each pair fits different...? I don't get it and I've never had this happen to me before 😂 They're nice and all but I want them all to fit as well as the black polka dot pair. Oh well. Will keep, as I'm losing weight- so maybe the smaller pairs will fit better at some point.
I received retirement key chain today and am not satisfied. It did not have the retirement date on it that requested and seems lower quality than I expected. Disappointed
There ok. Went through 3 cleaning 1 horseshoe.
It doesn't tell you what item it is for, I have bought allot from Amazon and have a few protection plans
Grey residue comes off near the lips. Heavy cleaning is required, not sure if this residue will manifest itself again. If so, I will return them.
I did not receive it. When am I going to get it?
Rubber banded wood blocks that the rubber broke.
I had one very similar to this before but this doesn't really fit in the wallet so I'm a little disappointed.
I gave this 3 stars because while it was good quality, it was too big with really long sleeves. I ended up giving it someone other than the intended recipient and he likes it. Order small but expect long sleeves.
I have used this product for over a year. Up until last month it has been wonderful. It was thick and creamy and immediately soaked into my skin. I didn't break out or experience redness. It's the only lotion I was ever able to put on my face. But my last purchase (June 11) is watery and sits on my face and makes my face feel extra oily. It doesn't soak in and I am experiencing redness and break outs. This is the only affordable cream I've ever purchased that has not made my skin worse until now. Has anyone else experienced this? Was your cream different recently? I wonder if the distributor did something to it??
I like seeing the vintage movies but the quality was bad on some. I liked the few current movies and TV programs in HD but not enough selection. Overall, the selection of movies and programs were too few.
It does what it was built but when taking it off its kind of hard
Missing 7mm. Got two 5mm instead. My set is incomplete. Bummer!
No swipe mode killed it for me
Bought this as a gift for my dad, huge Stephen King fan of both books and movies. These are NOT the original movies but made for tv/mini series. He said they were ok, but probably wouldn't watch again for a few years.
Goggles fog up. Tight around the helmet which makes it tight on your face.
It does hold sockets in place but it doesn't do well with bigger sockets. the biggest I have on it is a 17mm and it doesn't lock into place and falls easy. plus due to the weight, the rail itself tends to just drop. I lost 2 sockets because of it. on both rails, I have 10mm to 17mm sockets one has deep well and the other normal. if you are using this in a toolbox just to keep things organized get it. but otherwise, I'd go for something sturdier and preferably either metal or a stronger plastic.
As expected, most of the gear inside is pretty cheap. The flashlight fell apart, but I was able to get it back together, and it holds together with a battery in the compartment. The knife, well, it's a knife. It would work if you had absolutely nothing else available. The "first aid kit" is just some bandaids. The emergency blanket is a standard Mylar sheet. What saved this kit was the pouch itself, the ferro rod, pen and the compass. The rest, I plan on replacing with higher quality stuff, except the blanket. It's a one thing fits all kind of thing.
Just want I wanted. Good price.
This product does not work with my hair. I have thick, but very soft hair. I bought this for volume and it seems to weigh my hair down and not increase volume at all. It may work better for those with heavier, fuller hair.
So after initially pairing these lights, they were great....but everytime we switch the lights off at the switch we have to reset up the pairings....and after the last time we did it one of the bulbs refused to pair... spend the money and get Phillips hue...
This was a very nice game .I enjoyed it.Thank you for this.
Spout broke already, I bought a funnel
My daughter like it.
Half of the markers was dried out. The ones that was still useable had great color.
Not as bright as my other lights. Cord is on the wrong end, not the battery side, but on the light side. Connector comes loose on rocky trail if it's mounted to the bar. If the connector was on the other end, it would not be a problem. Okay as a “filler” second light, but not the primary light.
I like my tire levers larger,these work but are small.
This product works well but it isn't very sturdy even with the stakes in the ground it can still fall over with the slightest wind gust.
Couldn't get it secured to the handle bar of my daughters radio flyer tricycle. It just hangs there rocking back and forth. . Wish there was a better way to tighten it.
Bought these for asbestos tiles. Had to use two and small amounts.
Update: after having a pro resolder the board, turns out the 18650 was faulty. If you're having issues with it shutting off randomly and all the wires are intact, replace the 18650. After doing so its stayed on even after hitting potholes. Original review: I've used it for a few rides now and it's a nice taillight. I ride in a very remote place with few streetlights and cars have been able to see me and act accordingly. But I've come to learn the wiring is seriously faulty design. My battery connector was so lose that if I moved it slightly it would shut off. Not fun to learn at 1am 16 miles away from home. And even after tightening it up it still seems there is a faulty wire that with the right amount of force (like a pothole) can shut it down. It's shaken my confidence about how well it can perform but I just make sure to keep a screwdriver on my rides now incase it ever acts up. Definitely test it out before taking it on a long nights journey. I'd rate it 5 stars if the wiring was better and if you don't want something you might have to mess with, I'd look elsewhere.
Nice comfortable chairs. Very sturdy. Unfortunately we wanted to use these at the beach. They rust very quickly. Would not recommend.
Magazine is quite small. Not a lot of articles anymore. A lot of ads. Probably won't get it again.
You don't get as many as I though for the price. And the flavor just wasn't that good to me.
This television series is not strong on story and character development, but a lot of good little skits inserted in each episode, here and there.
This band was bulky. The excess strap did not fully slide under, but left a lump.
As described. On time. OK.
This spray wasn't as powdery as I expected. It had a little more of a liquidy-hairspray-like feel. I experimented with how close or far to hold the can from my head. It did look fine when I let it dry for a few seconds and it smelled fresh.
Half the time i cant get a ballgame in because Alexa is in a bad mood
My wife ordered it for me but its not compatible with all hardhats. Fibre-Metal 6 point wont work. The clips on the Lift are too big.
I read reviews all good but I was not impressed.
Heavy duty but the thumb part hard to get one's thumb into.
I don't really care for this pump. The gauge is inaccurate most of the time, they tip is cheap, and the connection for the hose for the high volume pumping sticks up so much that you can't fit it in any compartment in your car. They should have made this piece disconnect so it will lay flat and not stick out two inches. I can only store this in the garage or have it floating around in the back of my SUV.
safety. Used them for work.
Cheaply made, zippers flimsy and stick
Ok small portions. Tiny shells pasta.
Fun but needs more to it.
I liked it thank you
For some reason I had to keep pushing in new staples one at a time. I have several air compressors, but for some reason it didn't do the job as well as I had expected. It got the job done, but what should have been a 5 minute job took nearly 45 minutes stapling canvas on to the frame. I ended up buying an upholstery stapler that doesn't require the compressor. It turned out to be more user friendly. I'm really upset because I needed this to work so bad.
SENT TO WRONG ADDRESS THEN CHARGED ME $11.99 RETURN
Lens was slightly tinted, not clear. Obscures vision for inside work.
It's ok. I bought it for my kids room so I didn't need anything fancy but the built in the feature was important. However, it's the worst part of this tv. The dvds get stuck often and I have a hard time getting them out. This started happening right away so I'm not sure if its defective or what?
It's OK. Got it for my wife. I always try to find her a new style of Christmas CD each year to expand her musical horizons. This one was pretty mediocre, a few good tunes. Most are pretty Ho Hum
The towels are thin and don't cool well.
Too complicated to set up. Have to download app on iPhone first. Just want cable free apps to use on tv with Amazon FireTV
it's pretty cool and worked for the most part, only thing is, there is a seam in the plastic handle that will break open if used enough, rendering it mostly useless unless I attach another handle.
Was working fine slipped on occasion lost both set screws just in my tool bag riding around in my van
It does the trick, but I ended up returning this primarily because it was too flimsy. In order to make it collapsible, they must have had to use a very light/thin material, which causes the container to lose it's shape when filled with water.
Just Okay as far as hallmark movies go.
Durability little weak and it remains footstep sometimes. Wasting my time for wipe it out
The movie only comes in English. No other language options. Sucks cuz I got it for my mom who speaks Spanish.
Takes 2 to install this, the hinges are very hard to line up, the "measuring info" provided is bogus. The Mirror fell off when it came out of the box, the "adhesive" used to adhere the mirror was dry as a bone. There are not enough rubber grommets for the number of rods provided. After you get past all of that, re-attach the mirror before it breaks, it works well.
I've ordered these peppers a few times but this time they went the way of most of the other produce I have tried to order through amazon fresh. Ordered 3 Green bell peppers, they arrived tuesday evening. Wednesday evening pulled them out to make my lunches for work and all 3 had rotted through, gaping holes in them. They must have been rotten from the inside and just gone over the edge in that last day. I'm pretty forgiving, but I've tried ordering bananas, cantaloupe, honeydew, onions, all of which were delivered rotten and immediately thrown out. I'm not talking kind of on the edge, I'm talking all out rotten. That's it for ordering fresh fruits and veggies from amazon. It sucks because I live in an urban area and grocery delivery is a godsend. It's not worth it when you wind up throwing half of it away in the end. Packaged goods are always good though, if not damaged from the other items in the bags, (pasta boxes being bent/ripped etc.. not a big deal). I would hope to see canned goods with less damage as dents and dings can break the seal and make canned goods spoil as well. Service would be amazing with better quality control.
Maybe my kid just has big feet, but hey seem to run a little small and tight. They leave impressions in his skin. I would order a size up if you have any doubts about your kid's foot size.
Finally found the package. The carrier had left it in an unusual place. I like this overall. My complaint about it is that the electrodes that create the spark gap look as though they were HAND-CUT using a diagonal cutter. The electrodes are different heights, and are sharp as if these were hand-made and the electrodes were just cut with a diagonal cutter. This is surprising to me since the rest of the device appears to be very nice quality. Also the plasma arcs seem to bend down toward the metal screw that holds in the electrode cluster. Does it work? Yes. I use it to light incense. Works instantly. I am disappointed in the way the spark-gap electrodes look. Looks like whomever assembled it doesn't care about how they look. They should be even lengths, and should have a rounded end. Also if you're looking for a quiet plasma lighter the plasma sparks are very quiet compared to my Amp. I wouldn't buy another one unless they improved the look of the electrodes. It just looks sloppy considering how nice the rest of the device looks. Only other improvement i could suggest is eventually making the light in the blue light ring look more even? When it's closed, it look s GREAT! When i open the top, i am reminded of the half-baked construction. Mixed feelings about this product. I want to like it, but i am just surprised about the finishing touches not being as nice as the rest of the device.
I had the hardest time finding a copy of this record, so I was excited to get it! But its pretty low quality: very scratchy and muffled.
This is too small to hold the average cellphone with the tools.
31 is not the best Rob Zombie film, but does have a decent enough gore and story to be worth the purchase. Entertaining enough for the price
The box itself worked great and ran all my apps flawlessly. The problem is the warranty. It comes with a 1 year warranty that is worthless. The box will no longer power on and since the 30 day return window has passed I am stuck with a dead box still under warranty that I can't exchange for another box. Lesson learned. Even though I might get a good price on Amazon I'm throwing money away if I have a warranty issue. Big box retailers would swap a defective product out if it's under warranty.
Mediocre results, but was disappointed in the scent - no more grapefruit and citrus than any other conditioner.
These were a little too crunchy for me. This review is for the olive oil flavor not cherry.
Great size. Took off a couple stars because it definitely doesn't keep your drink cold for more than 1-2 hours. Haven't tried anything hot yet. I like it anyway for its size and ability to fit in a drink holder.
Very fluffly thread. Sometimes breaks in the sewing machine. Decent for a straight stitch but you get what you pay for.
No problem keeping water cold for a one hour bike ride. Just fill the bottle to the brim with ice cubes and top off with water. For me the real problem is plastic after-taste. In ice water the taste is barely noticible. In tepid water the taste is stronger. If water is kept in the bottle over night at room temperature the taste is quite noticible. I have a variety of stainless steel vacuum containers that impart no noticable taste to water
Really liked it super comfy only bad thing is one of the zipper clasp broke after only one trip
These didn't seem to have as much compression as the other colors of this sock that I had purchased. But, I love the color.
Nooooo where near the 350 lumens in the description, but for the price a handy little light for glove box, tool box or purse.
still getting used to it.
Bought as a gift for my niece. Case was broken, but disks looked okay...bad thing was i had to unwrap to see. Since she is 8, this wasn't a huge deal, but I a more careful packaging system would be better practice. She liked the gift and I assume it was as advertised.
You get what you pay for. This ripped soon after putting it on the bike which was travelling behind our car on a bike rack.
Just started playing. I'm enjoying it.
Tip that goes into the ratchet easy to break
Liked it overall, but too many zippers got in the way of each other for me
If you want a cost-effective fitness tracker that will give you a reasonable estimate of steps, heart rate, and sleep, then this isn't a bad option. The steps are definitely an estimate (it gives credit for standing at the sink washing dishes, for example), but pretty accurate when you're actually walking. I don't think the heart rate is that accurate, but I don't care too much about that feature so that's not a problem for me. And I don't know that the sleep estimate is completely accurate either, but it sortof interesting. The battery life is the most irritating part, as mine is only lasting ~2 days, and keeps running out of battery in the middle of the day, which means I lose out on half a day's worth of data on a regular basis. But overall, it has allowed me to have a better idea of how many steps I am getting in each day, which is useful.
Bought two but had to send one back because I couldn't loosen/tighten it up after only a couple of weeks. The other one is working fine so far
It is not very sturdy and it moves easily, changing the measurement position all the time. I didn't like it.
This unit does everything it says in the description but it did not work for our space... we have 100 sq ft room, it pushes air around and makes noise but does not do a great job cooling off the room.... this product is better used for a desk or someplace you can sit very near to it.
Good watch but gps was always off... returned it and got a different one , I've been happy since
The leds are in a location that is hard to see when it is plugged in to the 7 pin socket. They are in between the tester and the bottom of the bumper which makes it difficult to see. If they were located on the end where the 4 pin plug is it would be perfect. Then it would only be useful to test a 7 pin plug but that's what I need. Although this will work for what I need to do.
These are pretty tasty, and I appreciate the packaging and quality of ingredients. But one or two of the chip types are so hard that they can cut the roof of your mouth or gums, or otherwise irritate the mouth. The sizing and cut of each chip type is also so variable that it makes it a challenge. It's like juggling a bowling ball, a sock, a leaf, and a knife at the same time. Also the spices are a little overbearing.
There are many VPN apps. This is defnitely one of them.
Horribly packaged. Cheaply built.
These masks stay in place well, but the metal piece falls off. Also I got quite sick from the dust, which tells me that these don't filter out dust very well.
Daughter lost interest as quick as she gained it.
The end cap/switch housing is a pain in the butt. I'm going to have to modify it. I constantly have to tighten it. Its on tight, but the light turns off, if I tighten it then it works again, but it was already tight! Grrr!!!!
Not the biggest light that's for sure . Easy to mock up cord is a decent length but not a very bright light for an l.e.d. 36 inch in a workbench use . Had it over my took box first with all open area and it was better . Only been a month so I can't attest to the longevity of this product will keep you posted
Looks nicer in the photo. I found one almost just like it at Walmart for $6 cheaper. Is a little crooked on my head. It'll probably just hang in my closet for ever and I won't use it. I might like it better if I wash it and it gets a little wear and tear on it. It's best to buy hats in the store where you can try them on.
Bought for my son for his long work hours. He tried a few times and put back in the box. So sad it did not work for him.
It didn't work for our bulbs. They are flat and flood lights. Wasn't sticky enough.
Fits well, does what it's supposed to... initially. I have found that after an hour or so, it starts riding up, putting pressure on my neck instead of pulling back my shoulders.
The item was not well packaged and arrived dented with a broken/missing latch. I only gave it three stars instead of 1 or 2 because the seller responded immediately.
Ridiculously expensive for a plastic knob.
Hard to get excited about Snap Ring fasteners/washers. I needed two for grocery cart wheel replacement, anyone need the rest ???
It looked cute but was too wide so I sent it back. My daughter did not like it enough to want to try a smaller size.
Don't particularly like the scenes. Easier than most. An okay game.
Nice while they last
i only downloaded this b/c it was free. it is not my taste in music.
They work although they aren't of the quality of the brakes handle I purchased them to replace. They'll work although would likely buy a more expensive set if I have to replace others in the future
It just sorta works.
Sounds good in the description but really doesn't work very well. It's just like shining a red light on the skin.
Way too greasy for me and didn't remove all my make up
Very impressed and surprised by this product mixed emotion — had a texture as ground beef and color, greasy with a very strong smell. Similar to canned ham. Unsure weather I would buy again.
I was in LOVE with this water bottle. I literally would have said it was perfect (I mean, I did). And I am a very active pregnant mother. A water bottle is my life line and even before having children I have always been a "carry a water bottle every where you go" kinda person. I guess just because I'm active, I need a minimum of 3 liters of water a day to feel tip-top and I get super thirsty. SO, a water bottle thats smaller than a liter is out of the question for me. This one has everything you could ask for in a water bottle. But, after only a few months, it cracked on the bottom and I don't even know how :-( I am so dissapointed
The shorts were a little bit larger than expected but the material snags very easily. I had a run the first time I put them on. Probably would not buy again.
I run mine under a kindle. It does not have pictures of all the figures in it's data base. It's incomplete.
Still early days yet. . How will the game slow down or pricing go up the higher I level.? How much will I have to spend to go on?
Bought this for sifting sapphires through it. Sapphires being heavier sift through to the bottom and this screen pops up in the middle which means everything goes to the sides rather to the middle which is preferred. You can actually see where the screen part itself pops up in the middle away from the plastic supports. For what I use it for, I wouldn't buy again.
Little pricey. But I love it. Never know when I'm going to use it.
Heavier than my last one. But for the money guess it works fine.
Well I checked the picture that said "right" and "wrong" against what I have. It matched the "Right" so I bought it. The product is great, except for the speaker opening. I included pictures to show the problem. Wish there had been a "right" and "wrong" picture for the speaker opening.
It lasted a 4 months, used it regularly, light played out, battery was still good.
Portable but hard to attach table top. Seems flimsy but maybe with a cooler in it and it will be more stable.
I think whatever is used to make this oil shares the same olfactory problems with cilantro and a soapy taste/smell. I think this stuff smells like baby powder and I cannot get the smell out of my noise it is very strong. My friend says that it smells great. Very sweet and earthy. So BUYER BEWARE!!! You may fell this is a great product or just get baby powder. Your genes will decide not the product.
These came quick and exactly what we needed; however, the screws are very, very short and would not work in the doors. If you buy this be sure to order longer black screws.
Had to return vest . Wrong size.
thread is pretty weak
Usually not picky but got these out of the box today and there was blue stains on the frame as you can see in the picture. Kind of upset lol but i guess you get what you pay for.
I got this for my 3.5 year old, and it has frustrating parts. It has great all you can eat catalog online but there is no way for a parent to curate the apps and games. The store is not a separate app, it offers too much choice for young child. It allows limited number of video downloads for offline mode but while offline all catalog is visible despite it cannot be reached, frustrating for a child. They need to let parents curate what they think relevant for their child and also hide online content while in offline mode.
Overall, good build quality, works as a bike pump, and I like the general design. However, it has several minuses that, while individually were just annoyances, cumulatively added up to be a deal killer: - It's single action, so it takes about twice as many strokes to inflate a tire. - The handle doesn't lock when not in use, so you have to secure it tightly to keep it from extending while stored and getting full of crud. - When I checked the pressure gauge against a decent automotive one, the reading was 5 psi low. Not a lot, but when you're shooting for 25 psi, that's a 20% error. - The presta side of the adapter hose does not depress the end of the presta valves on my tires, so the pressure gauge is useless for me anyway. - The strap that came with it was flimsy, and on my first actual ride with it mounted in the bracket, I looked down after a quarter mile to see the frayed remains of the strap and no pump. I'll be buying a replacement of a different brand, but I would easily buy this one again if the above flaws were fixed.
I'm giving this three stars pretty much only because it smells so amazing. That being said, while I understand the slight need in a dry shampoo to maybe have sort of a light color tone in order to make hair look less greasy, whenever I put this on it makes my hair look white wherever I spray it to the point where I have to basically brush it out and the product is rendered fairly useless. For the steep price, I expected a better product.
Wanted cheap dvd player which could play ntsc and pal. This one claims to but does not play pal. Gives you the option but screen goes black does nothing. Have to push n/p button to reset. Other then its average at best.
Super cute and comfortable but the design started to rub off with in 4 weeks of wearing it. Disappointed
Great quality. But size smaller than what ordered
I liked the foam applicator and mitt; however, the lotion has a terrible smell and I became too dark too quickly. It took several showers to remove all of the stain from my body. I don't think I'll use again - too artificial looking.
I really love this game but it's very expensive to proceed to to next levels
I love the product itself, keeps my drinks very cold for very long! Aside from the product itself, I received the 20oz but had purchased (and paid for) the 30oz.
I liked the material, BUT the color is very misleading. It's almost purple, it was so dark. I wouldn't call it burgundy or maroon what so ever. We wanted to use for Christmas pictures in a few weeks, but we can't. I'll sadly have to send it back.
The game itself is awesome, but recently when I open the game\app app i see is black... Please fix!
You know how if you boil Forrest Gump down it is a movie about a bunch of things just sort of happen to this guy but it has a lot of heart and emotion? Downsizing is the same movie...without the heart or emotion. A bunch of things happen to Matt Damon, but there is little reason to care about why or the character.
I'd have given these flashlights a perfect 5-star rating were it not for the clips. We clip the flashlights to (in example) a shirt pocket, and then soon hear the flashlight or clip hit the floor or sidewalk, depending on which way the light's affixed... I had one flashlight attached to my purse strap and lost both the flashlight and the clip. I took a 2nd flashlight, and clipped it to my key chain, but also used the little tether to make sure I didn't lose this one. But I later found the flashlight dangling by its tether, and both the clip and lens cap over the light were missing. Yes - perhaps I should have known better than to rely on the clips, but that begs the question: If the clips are too weak to clip the flashlights to anything... why are they there? Don't give me a clip as a selling point and then tell me it doesn't work. Now I'm down to 2 out a set of 4...
I like Gain fabric sheets better
Returned. Never arrived
Why did the Protection Plan not go to the party who received the gift?
Light and design are nice but mounting hardware is terrible. The included mounting bracket has two bolts to screw the nuts to for install. The bolts are too short ! Not even as long as the depth of the shroud. I had to go buy longer bolts. No wire nuts either which isn't a huge deal but I've installed hundreds of lights over the years and never had them not included.
I bought this product because I thought it would help me not get a flat tire. There are a lot of thorns in my area. Unfortunately it does not help against nails. For the most part it works but it's still not strong enough. I am still looking for the perfect tire liner.
It was easy to download
For the price it is OK. Made three cuts on 2.25 inch tailpipe and the blades will probably have a difficult time cutting much more. Blades are fixed and can't be replaced at least the way it appears. It's better then a butter knife but don't expect too much. I am considering returning the tool but may not be worth the effort or time??
I ordered starburst and received a red one instead. Mistakes happen, and this is a great price. I'll keep it, I would try again for a starburst but, to worried I will get another red one.. or some other color I do not want.
They are very talented men but they have a victimhood mentality and it comes out in their music. Overall they are very talented in what they do. If they took out the victimhood mentality in their music it would have been great.
I love the band, but I have not used it because I cannot remove some links. I watched a 'how to' video, which makes it look so simple... it is not. And, the kit that came with the band is useless... I will try a jeweler (xtra $$)
Would recommend, high quality, nice product.
Cover keeps rain off.
Mechanics are a bit off and the thumb is a bit annoying.
They're good nails. The box I got shows them at 30 degrees. The description shows 35 degrees. I'm fairly certain the description use to say 34 degrees. Nevertheless, I hesitantly used them in my 34 degree nailer. Seem to work fine. Good price.
bought 2, one is fine the other deflates, was refunded
These are ok. I think the scent needs to be a little stronger but they work
Its a good game,but super unbalanced.there are like lvl 50+ mixed with lvl 5- and thats kinda stupid
I put this chain on my bike in March and had to change it in September of the same yr. I rode on it about 50-80 miles per week with once a week basic care and lubing to help it last
Quality of the product is really good, just the amount of light that it gives off is not very much. Purchased it to work at an automotive shop, under the hood of cars or other situations, the brightness of the light does not get it. Perhaps if it was used at night in a camping situation it would be fine.
Wore very easily already have been through entire box made from cheap steel
I liked that it was easy to put together and charges really well. I didn't like that I had to patch a hole that was in the front tire though and the first time riding it the chain guard fell off.
Initially I was pretty happy with how easy it was to attach this light to my glock 19. However, after trying to tighten it down the screw stripped and the whole this was not able to stay attached. So I had to return mine.
In retrospect, it makes sense that you will need to be home to sign for the package, but they don't give you a heads up, and UPS only delivers on business days. So I had to drive 2 hours and spend almost $50 bucks in gas to get the TV without taking a day off work. I just wish I received an email or something telling me to be available to receive my package.
Material is a little thin
works, not as good quality as I thought it would be
Dont expect to be an adult and actually paddle around in this. Impossible.
I use a laser to identify potential routes through wooded areas that will require the least tree cutting. There was no info supplied with my pen but I found out after searching the net it shouldn't be used longer than 3 minutes at a time to avoid damaging it. Also, the switch must be held down to operate so it's not useful as a tool. Still, it's a pretty cool gadget. Gave mine away. Hopefully can find one for a little more $ that can be used longer
Very bright, made in the USA. One light Bar was defective but quickly replaced under warranty. Measure the placement carefully so it doesn't interfere with the locking bolts. There are two sets of mounting instruction which conflict with each other.
Items are cheaply made
it's too small, make sure you are aware of the size
I believed the description that said it would cut through hard metals, but it wasn't able to make any progress on sheet steel beyond what the kitted blade that came with my Ridgid multi tool could cut. I'm keeping it as a spare, but it performed only nominally. I'm disappointed.
Bought these in September of 2017 and used them on average 5-6 times per month, for about 2-3 hours at a time. Always wiped down after use and stored indoors. Very comfortable to wear and easy to adjust. I only used the radio function so I cannot speak to the use of the audio jack, but the radio functions worked great and all controls were easy to use and understand. I generally used for mowing, weed eating, and chainsaw for which they did a great job of blocking the noise and letting me listen to the radio at a reasonable volume. Unfortunately they stopped working last week, which means I only got 13 months use out of them. Tried several pairs of new batteries but they will not power up. While I do like them, I do not feel like they are worth the expense to only have them last 13 months.
Engagement button for changing direction in a bad position. You will disengage functioning easily during use. Excellent versatility in positioning. Not recommended for high torque because it powers down. Battery life is excellent. After several months of intermittent and light use it appears to burn as well as put out an ozone smell.
I like the kickstand. Cool little case. Only thing I don't like it mutes the sound on the kindle. It's alot harder to hear with this case on as opposed to the child bumper one i had on prior to this one.
Overall I'm happy with the purchase as I've been looking for a compilation album by Lee. But the audio quality is a bit on the weak side. If the master tapes are still around, Lee's excellent work could use some TLC remastering work.
Great Price Membership
Daughter liked this game
You have to push the buttons hard to get the remote to register. But what else could you expect from an aftermarket. For the cost it's good.
It came with all the oil spread out inside the box ! So I have to purchase oil separate. No time to return and a waste of time doing it !
The product kept me warm and dry while I was on the mountain. I'm 6'2 215lb and order and lrg tall and JT fit me very well. BUT BOTH STRAPS POPPED ON THE BIBS WITHIN THE FIRST FEW DAYS OF WEARING THEM. Because of this it made it difficult to wear them because I had to constantly pull them up and eventually buy a belt to keep them up. Great fit but could be better quality.
First CD of hers I've purchased. It's okay, I just don't care for the kind of songs--the lifestyles. She is very talented.
We bought this over the summer and just had our contractors install the hood. It looks great, but unfortunately it blows things around instead of sucking things up. For such a huge hood I don't understand why it can't suck up the steam or smoke. I'm pretty disappointed in it's function.
It's very cute and easy to handle also has attached drill tips only thing I don't like is It wasn't strong enough to mount my tv to the wall
The game itself is fun and enjoyable. But the game freezes often which is frustrating.
My 8 year old loves this! Only gave 3 stars due to the plastic ring fell right off and cracked she still uses it but I wish the ring that holds the dome would have been put on better!
Light works well and provides adequate light when being used. I like that I can rotate it in order to shine light where I need it. One star removed because the power button is the same height as all the other magnets. Frequently the light mine will rotate and push the power button, turning my light source off or change the source. Gets annoying after hitting that button several times, the power button needs to be recessed in so it can not be accidentally pushed. Another star removed because I have to tap the power button on a solid object to turn the light off. After a little use, I can not change the light source by pushing the button, my choices are little light, a lot of light or off. Very rarely will it go to the red light (which I don't need anyhow). Nice idea but improvements could be made.
I bought a large and it was too big for me so now I got to send it back and get a medium great.
The shape shifter function is a nice idea in theory, but it's a pain to deal with the middle seam when you want to flip it inside out to dry, which is what they say you should do after every usage. It's equally a pain to try to "shape shift" the bladder from 2L to 3L or vice versa. Also, I've probably only used this a dozen times or so, and the bite valve is already breaking and needs to be replaced, so there's a question of durability. If the above doesn't deter you, then it's a good lightweight option.
I love this movie but could only give it three stars based on the fact that Warner Brothers did a terrible job with the transfer. The sound track is very low so you have to turn the volume way up to hear it and it seemed like a few scenes were clipped. I would still buy it again because it's probably the only way you will get to see this film at all so you have to live with the flaws. Still I think Warner Brothers should be ashamed that they put out a product of this quality. Remaster this classic and do it justice.
I'm a bit disappointed. The cover seems OK as I used it for the first time today. The Velcro straps in the front and back do NOT line up with the tires and I am afraid they might scuff the bottom of the car. One Velcro strap in the front ripped right off the cover. I hope the seller is able to help with this. The cover is not long enough to completely cover the bumpers. I hope this doesn't cause scuffing...
The CD was scratched and didn't play. The case fell apart upon opening package.
Zipper is kinda catchy and janky. But otherwise it served its purpose. Smells a little at the beg. but after a few back packing trips it did well.
The film was fine. The DVD too.
The on button is hard to find. The light beam is narrow.
Pros: Good quality, Fast shipping. Cons: It hard to breath for awhile when you wear underneath the water, when you came out of the water. I not sure if it too tight, so going to try again.
I think the material was presented to fast.
I really liked this seat. Ordered so that I could sit comfortably on the grass during my son's baseball games. It was supportive, light weight, and very adjustable. But I was only able to use 10 or 12 times before the plastic frame piece inside the chair popped out. I'll probably order another since I haven't figured out a permanent fix, but I hate how disposable this feels. Wish I could pay a few extra dollars for better stitching but it seems like no matter the price this seems to be a common problem.
Great toy! Has great sound! And can't take the toughness of being thrown!
The other reviews warned about the manual. they were right, it basically just tells you that it's a camera. There are 2 buttons, one on each side with the letter M. neither of which brings you to menu. So it's difficult to set the time or use any of it's features. I will be returning mine.
Overall, this unit is solid and well built. I am over 200 lbs and can sit on it without hesitation. However, it is too narrow. I wear men's size 9 and can only fit 4 pairs of shoes on it (5 if I stack 2 pairs in the middle). There is not enough space between the legs to fit more shoes, so I am pretty disappointed about that. I will admit that it's my fault for not taking the time to measure, but I feel like it was a fair assumption that one would be able to fit shoes between the legs. It is wasted space otherwise.
Gloves were nice but I don't feel they keep my hands warm enough compared to other gloves. Good for cooler days but not the freezing cold days
This is my second one. It works good but the volume knob does act up after some time and you have to play with it. Also came with dead batteries.
I was fairly satisfied with the tv that arrived at first; nice picture, decent sound quality, etc. All for a pretty cheap price. But upon further inspection this was not the tv I had order or that was advertised. The back was significantly different, I didn't have 3 hdmi imports, I had two (which is horribly disappointing), there a blue light when it's on, and red when it's off, so it's quite annoying when you're trying to sleep. I looked at all the other reviews and none of the other buyers had the tv that I received.
Compared to the Candy games this one is made by the interns of King (the dev). Not the best fps, weird resolution, generic graphics, generic excitement, and absolute silent game (meaning no voice, music and sounds are there)
I as broken when it was delivered to my house.
My kids love anything Disney, but I thought even the Disney Jr setting wasn't simple enough for a 3-4 year old. too many ads and talking
My husband and I felt like there was a soapy taste and were a bit bummed as we love jerky. Won't get this again
I brought this batter lasted one week! Can't replace battery pretty sure mine was defective
This is not a tent made to stand up in. But it's great for a tail gate if you are sitting around a table or need some cover from rain or sun.
I try to buy organic, but these are just too pricey! They are very thin.
Doesn't keep water cold
Not as strong as stated. After a handful of use the bit broke in half while driving the screen. The Metal is too brittle and can't handle impact.
They're somewhat small on me but it's still wearable and great for swimming.
Mostly dislike I thought it would have a interactive map but just technical bulletin. Now you can pay for the other version and then it's better
I bought this expecting it to be sharp on both ends, but neither are. The serrated side is just kinda annoying. If you hit the sharp edge into a tree hard, it will kinda go in almost a third of the way, but it's not really much. I feel like this could've been better.
Does the job but not the most accurate. Not shaped in a way that makes it easy to clamp into position
I bought this to be a camping spigot for the excellent water brick containers. It works well enough to be useful, but it does dribble slowly around the bulkhead fitting, so when you're not there actively using the spigot, you have to stand the container back upright so you don't lose your water. And you definitely have to use the original cap when you're transporting the container in your car.
My only real complaint about this product, the metal is slightly sharp along the edges and digs into your finger on uncomfortably as you are using it.
I was really excited about this for our pop up. We needed a bigger trashcan for camping, buy not a huge one. We got the mini and it was perfect for normal trash bags. The bottom of this ripped out though. We used it for 2 days and had very little trash. We didnt even use the full trash bag. When I took the trash bag out, the bottom was completely ripped out. I will have to resew it before we can use it again
Everything is good so far except for the comfort factor. As other reviewers note, there is very little padding and the band is tight. This headlamp gets uncomfortable fast.
Alexa smart doesn't offer much for the application I bought it for. I was hoping to use it to measure temperatures in several out buildings on campground. Cannot find too many smart devices for this using alexa. Kinda thinking about going with google. Good product, just not the right one.
Not as great as I remembered it. My kids lost interest.
Returning as it's too long
Was fun but not worth the space
Product of THAILAND.
I used this product for my car. The 17mm meant I had to buy a new lug wrench. 19mm would have been standard.
This is a fun album, but it's not well labeled that this is actually a Workshop live album. It's not fully the Broadway cast and there are songs missing as this was still a work in progress.
Does anyone read this? Its thr little mermaid why should I rate this? Everyone has this memorized.
It's a cool gift. Bought for my bf for Christmas stocking stuffer!
its ok but the case is cheap, the paint chips off and the ratchet is not very long.
I actually wanted this case, but I didn't pay close enough attention when I searched for "case for kindle fire 10" the amazon search engine would brought up cases for the fire 7
Skates are good, but Amazon sent me a "new" pair that had already been used and were scuffed up. These should have been sold as a used pair......disappointing.
This bag is not a big inside or flexible as my PacSafe of the similar size. I had a hard time fitting normal travel necessities in it and was constantly having to cram. This would be better as a little day around the city bag, but not for serious travel. It also picked up every little speck of dust, fuzz, & lint. I couldn't keep it looking clean or black the entire trip
The stone in mine is not as wide or large or as pretty as the pictured. The stone is more buried by the metal than the one shown but no doubt more secure.
It's a pretty nice cooler. 2 maybe 3 days keeping ice. Drain cap is attached which is nice
Not so good quality. Would not buy again! The worst design.
Hook and loop Velcro isn't of a good quality will not stay on even at low speeds.
The show is amazing but the case was all broken the first time I ordered it and I had to return it.
I ordered this back in May and now we are on vacation and I used it for a third time and a piece of the plastic spoke snapped in half therefore the one side doesn't stay up.
I bought these because they look just like lights I bought previously for early morning runs. These lights are not very bright at all.
The instructor spoke too slowly and boring but the exercises are good.
When game is finished and you select new game you are taken to ads for other games. Other than t h at, it is good.
The saw works well but very disappointed that the wrench for changing the blade was not included in the package. The box says it is included but it was not there. Would be great if you would send me one.
Good quality but I was very disappointed that there is no closed captioning for those of us that are hard of hearing.
The Good: Very bright, easy to mount on the seat post, seat stays or anywhere else. Low profile. Rechargeable batteries were a drawing point. The Bad: Charged battery before my first use but battery died during my second ride. Pretty disappointed in the length of the charge. Now I feel like I have to plug the unit in after every ride.
I am very disappointed with the quality of this product. I've hardly had these a week and one has quit working after 2 uses. Charged one time and on the second attempt after charging all night the batteries were hardly charged. These weigh more than any I've had before and get heavy after a short time in use.
Actually the set was as advertised, but I should have read more closely. I believe there are a number of the sets that I will not use, beyond the standards. I definitely wanted Torx internal and external, but the security sets (n = 2) were probably not necessary for me.
It looks pretty but isn't nearly light enough.
I like this product very much! It works great for screws, nails and battery storage. However, the drawer dividers included are designed for much smaller drawers. I'm so not looking forward to the hassle of trying to get the right size.
3 different speeds, whichever you fit
the stand works as long as the rear wheel of the bike is perfectly seated & balanced, otherwise it will fall over.
Entertaining but once you get to the next level it can't be done.
Has a lot of information and easy to read print
Bought this with the hopes of accessing the water on the side of our apartment. I could only get a quarter turn or less when I tried using this key, so it was useless to me. Now it sits in the drawer as a paper weight.
Still deciding to keep and play or delete this game, it's somewhat engaging but kind of mehhh, want to give it a bit more time before I make my final decision. I would say try it, it's free, and it really just depends what type of time waster is to your liking!
I used it to remove and install a heater door actuator ina 2004 ford explorer. It would have helped greatly in was a couple inches longer for this job and because of the very hard to reach to screw being magnetic would have been a blessing.
Nicely made, sturdy unit but too narrow for my shoes / boots (size 11 men). The spacing of the side brushes make it difficult to move your foot back and forth.
Really pretty. Ordered size 7 but seems 6 will fit better.
Smelled terrible upon arrival. Washed immediately and hang to dry so no shrinkage.
Turns on and off many times in my bas, Fluke is better.
The spray is kind of harsh. It's not a soft mist. The sent is just right. Not to strong.
I had won a fair amount of Amazon gift certificates making this an easy purchase. My girl and I both like it, but we wouldn't be happy if we spent our hard earned money on it. The best feature is it seals water providing the last person who zipped it up did it all the way. Might get stolen easily, so be careful where you take it.
Mine came with a dull cutting edge and an unusable profile on the bottom. After a couple of hours grinding the steep bevel away then polishing to a sharp edge, I think that I have a nice gouge. Since I haven't used it on a project yet, the edge retention is still unknown. The factory certainly could have done a better job.
i personally did not like this color at all.
I like that this one had 20 diff tests. My only complaint is that some of the colors were hard to tell apart and one didn't match the colors close enough to tell the result. The color chart maybe off and didn't print correct.
These do the job, however, the edges of the openings in each shaft is razor sharp whereas the punch tip is rather dull
Set was delivered in disarray. Sockets everywhere. Come to find the case doesn't close right so every time U pick it up 60% of the sockets fall out and it's a mess when U open it again. Great if you don't need the case. My issue I need the case and carrying it like a pizza is no good.
They work fine a but are very narrow, they should be regular pedal size. When you use the non clip on side you realize it's to narrow.
This is the 3rd or 4th kindle we've purchased, they are great until you lose or forget the exact charger it comes with. We've tried multiple different chargers and non of them will charge correctly so you'll be left with a kindle that works great but won't charge.
I don't like that you have to unlock all of the categories
This is more about the shipment and how it was shipped. The office kept on informing me about the shipment Date and that I have to be home, and then the package arrived 4 days earlier, which is cool but I could have easily not been home. Also the Cargo was only stuck in a plastic bag and huge box. You can see marks from it sliding back and forth during long travels. Better Packing next time !
Grounds to fine for Bunn coffee maker but had a great taste .
Giving 3 stars because the case is nice and well marked and rivets are functional BUT rivets are NOT aluminum, a simple magnet test will prove this. The word "aluminum" should be removed from the product description. See posted photo.
Well constructed, solid, and attractive looking. Probably works very well with a table saw having a conventional miter guage slot/track. The problem for me is that my saw has a sliding table, with a different width (narrower) track. I'm still hoping to find a way to adapt it. Maybe file down the piece that goes into the slot, or maybe fabricate one from scratch to fit.
These are just OK, you absolutely need two or more of them even for simple jobs because they loose their power fast. Nothing as good as the original Makita batteries. Shame because in this day and age with our battery technology these should be many times better then what was made twenty five years ago.
Huge - cannot fit inside pants. The are comfortable to wear as pajamas.
If you look at the linked description in the screen shot, it says 'ratcheting'. However, these are just regular box wrenches- no ratchets. I had just clicked on that link and purchased them. I was in a hurry and bought them not looking more carefully at the pics. Mostly my fault. Too expensive to send back so I'll keep them.
Very cute and lightweight but doesn't stay closed. The cinch is loose and doesn't stay, works it's way lose and pops open the snap closure even with minimal contents inside the bag (it wasn't overloaded or too full) and your bag is wide open for the world to see what's in there and easy to fall out or grab.
NOT as warm as they say they are! Fingers got cold on a 3 mile dog walk in 33 degree light snow day!!
Looked much bigger & better online than in person. Just didn't fit my needs.
Comes compressed and out of shape. Had to have it put on by a company. Even they had trouble getting it on. But now that it's on it fits and stays up.
I've used this stool maybe thirty times each time for 20 minutes. One of the three pods has broken through already. I had another brand before and it lasted me ten years. I am not sure if there's a warranty on it but it was purchased in February. Does it qualify for an exchange?
Mine totally gave out today after owning less than 2 years. And warranty only good for one year. This did not happen with two prior tablets. Not very happy. Glad I bought the new 10" 6 months ago . Hope I am ok with it.
I loved this! Super cute! But the picture was a little too small.
I use this for welding and grinding. Burned a hole straight through it the other day just doing some basic grinding. Flame resistant, yes but not so durable.
Great shampoo, however there was leakage during shipping with resultant loss of product. (And it was messy.) Need to improve protective packing materials.
I made this according to directions. I am a experienced kombucha maker and this didn't work and I never even got one batch out of it because it went bad.
This knife has some good quality steel. The handle is cheap and not much to speak of but the spidey hole and flipper make it fun to carry.
The U-lock looks and feels very durable, but the key gets stock. One week later the key broke when I tried to open it. I have two more spare keys, hope this wont happen again.
For coffee drinkers: - It's a lot more lightweight than ceramic mugs. Until you get used to that, set it down slowly. - It's thin, contributing to its weight, obviously, but it also makes the cup prone to potentially being bent and misshapen if kept in a bag for travel or merely squeezing it a little too hard (though I don't imagine anyone will be doing that when filled with freshly poured coffee). - In terms of palming your mug, if you typically do that, remember this is a thin, steel cup, so you'll feel the heat on freshly poured coffee. Not a problem if holding by the handle. - The handle (take a look at the photo provided) is very ergonomic and practical. Nothing too fancy about it, but its shape provides easy transfer of movement from table to mouth. - If you're used to ceramic, you will smell and taste the steel. I don't notice TOO much of a difference when actually sipping coffee, but it will be noticeable. If you don't want any other flavors and scents mingling into your coffee drinking experience, stick with ceramic. - This being steel, heat will dissipate much more quickly. This isn't exact but, perhaps twice as quickly as in ceramic. Those are the highlights. The cup is very simple. It serves a very simple purpose and there's no bells and whistles about it at all. It's easy to clean and (if you think this to be a benefit) DOES cool your freshly brewed coffee down noticeably quicker than a ceramic mug would. It's best used for campfire coffees and quick drinks. I would still recommend ceramic over steel if your focus is on the coffee and the experience of drinking coffee (a slower experience). If you're focus is on getting coffee into your body so that you can do other things (a faster experience), this steel mug wouldn't be a bad investment.
Easy to install and strong. Will not support the advertised capacity. Normal indoor temperatures and hook failed under 27lb load sending bicycle crashing down for an expensive repair.
I liked the game but there were alot of glitches.. I kept getting thrown out of the game and it was very frustrating. The game was fun but buying diamond and stars is expensive and I don't believe you could get the outcome you want if you don't buy them.
The container is very thick so you can't tell how clear the water inside is.
Quick connect defective(sleeve stuck). Small leaks both pressure gauge stems. Called CAT tech support before I did anything. Very helpful. Option of returning item and option/details of repair myself explained. Repair myself seemed less hassle/time than return. Plus USPS damaged shipping box beyond use. I heated fittings for gauges and quick connect with torch for easy removal. Cleaned factory thread dressing off with copper brush. Replaced quick connect with a higher quality one. Since I already had gauges removed I reinstalled with 45 degree brass elbows so I can now view gauges while standing. I practically had to get on my hands and knees to view gauges before. Used Loctite 545 (per CAT tech support) for all joint threads. No leaks! Should not have to work on a new compressor before it's useable. Should have better quality control before item leaves China. But I now really love using this tiny, quiet compressor for my home needs.
You have to pay to do stuff so buy it if your ok with paying
Love the designs, buttons were a bit smaller than I thought they would be, especially compared to other buttons I purchased from other vendors
Not their best. I think these were the peanut butter.
I don't mind buying play money for slots but I would like to have some play time with the game. And all the commercials between games are very annoying.
Very organized and convenient
It seems to work under the eyes the best. Doesn't do much for the neck area and is a very temporary fix at best. No long lasting effect at all.
Not for the faint of teeth.. VERY hard! Still taste great, but I literally wouldn't let my kid with braces eat them for fear of popping a wire!
Wish the pocket clip and glass breaker were subdued (black), everything else is great
It's ok, doesn't secure your feet to pedal snugly.
Slight damage on discs they freeze but it's insignificant. .......I'm still happy with the product though.
Too small for hydro flask and the insulated lid pushes it into the bottle.
The ink cartriges were fine, The one thing i have against the shiping is that it was supposed to be two day free shipping but it took about a week to get it to me
It's not normal granny but there is more then 1 granny to have to escape the house from
UGH!!!! We really needed this unit to be great. It is a great product BUT our wand broke after two showers. The little plastic hose inside the wand is a cheap little tubing and it blew up like a balloon and now we have NO shower in the middle of a bath remodel. This is brutal. And I wanted to be such a fan of this! Now what? Frustrated in Oregon. Dirk
Fairly well built but in a compressed format: the screw bits is securely placed in grooves which may take a few moments using. What I didn't like was that even with a safety release button, the curved blade (scimitar-like) was difficult to open & close. You can slice your finger(s) or a palm open.
Ordered 1 inch button head screws and I got 1.25 in screws. Not a big deal for my application but not what I ordered. Also the finish on top of the screw heads are a bit mixed... some are shiny and some are satin finish. Again, not a big deal but not expected either.
Meh... Rogue One is better...
Bottle is okay but it doesn't keep things cold for that long. Maybe 1.5hrs at most. Also the top doesn't seal very well.
The link provided online did not work - had to spend hours with various levels of tech support to actually GET the download. Once installed - it is great
I like the look and the coolness of the vest. Keeps you cool while you work however the size is totally off. Bought a small/medium and it fits like a freaking XL. That's 2 for 2 now. I'll just stick to shopping in person for my vests.
Had to replace after 3months
I know this is a tool and not a sports car, but I was pretty disappointed with the fit and finish of this drill. The two plastic halves were not joined together evenly and so there is a rough gap running all the way around the middle of the tool. It is especially bad on the front base of the drill where the built in flashlight is. The sharp plastic edge of the right half is sticking out above the edge of the left and catches on a thing that brushes against it. I compared it to the grinder and impact driver I received in the same order and neither of those had a single defect in them. I expected more from a DeWalt model that brags it was made in the USA.
The metal and wheels seem good, but the sheet metal screws included stripped and broke going in. Easy fix, but what a shame to spend $80 on a cart and have to repair it before i even use it.
Only problem is clip hurts on hip. You gonna need like a wide belt but other than that, excellent and well built
eeh. Mine was kinda janky. It had some burrs on 2 edges, and one corner was kinda mushed. I gotta note that the packaging looks very suspect- as in, the spacing is 'off' and the overall printing looks shoddy. Did I get a knock-off?
Everything was as expected.
I do enjoy this game but...the Scatter Slots as is EXTREMELY offensive. The nudity is unsuited for a G rated game. I am glad I don't have children who would be subjected to these pictures. It also semi-finals you out of the game. Not happy!
Very basic. Smaller than expected but still a good thing to have in case of emergency. The container is nice.
In southeast outside it's impossible to avoid fogging except in dead winter. Even in Arizona it fogged because I used a dust mask too. Light weight and essential eye protection so I'll keep it for carpentry. But it's going to fog if you are exerting yourself.
the heat pad can either sit on top or on the palm of you hand. however, if on the top of your hand, it can burn your skin if you're not careful. if on the palm of your hand, it still can get very hot. my hand stayed warm, but my fingertips remained too cold. i would opt for a full glove warmer with a separation between the skin and warming pad. otherwise, neat gimmick...
The holder arms are too short that makes the strut get in the way of other spring components. Have to use wrenches to twist rather than impacts.
They are OK, nothing special.
Good product, does not air dry the best and holds smells badly
Good shampoo, but nothing special. Wouldn't repurchase for the price.
Easy to use and they work but...they easily become out of shape and then just fall off the ends of your glasses so I ended up replacing them often.
The thigh compression socks rolled down my thighs making it impossible to wear them. I thought I told the person I talked to over the phone that I wanted to return them as well as other products, but now that I looked, i'm afraid i didn't. I am going to have to keep them even though they didn't work for me.
Who takes their laptop camping? Bright light. Hard to recharge.
Works, but made to current Gerber standards, which yeah means average, usable but really average.
Love the pages and paid for premium but the marked pics were still not available. Also, hitting home bounces me clear out. Would love to give them 5 stars because there's lots of pics out there--just not available even if you pay. 😵 I hope it can be resolved soon.
The frames are rugged and a little wider than comparable brands and not suited for a narrow face, Adjusting the frames requires boiling water, or hotter, to start to soften them for adjustment. None of the lens are polarized. To be fair, no mention of including polarized lens is in the product description. They do imply having them in the accompanying photos.
The screws that came with it were useless. Ended up using wall anchors to keep the rack in the wall.
fit like a womens shirt
Having a hard time to install, trying to contact Webroot to obtain a product key
This works great with not just Kreg pocket screw jig, but with clamping materials down too. What I do not like about this is that the auto tensioning knob that you turn to control how tight you want your clamp to be will quickly tighten itself over time. After 10 clamps, all of a sudden it is too tough for me to tighten and have to loosen over and over again. One other thing I do not like is that it is difficult to operate this with one hand, and I have large hands. You will however get the hang of it and will be able to better operate with just one hand. This tool is not for someone with average to weak hand strength though. This can be tough to use for the average joe, and sometimes useless because you need a tight squeeze for this clamp to clamp down sufficiently. For example, my girl friend was helping me clamp the pocket jig (she has helped on a lot of projects), and she couldn't even close it with two hands. She's not weak either, she's built farms, foundations for buildings, bridges for creeks made of stone, put up drywall, dug thousands of large holes to replant trees, etc. Instead, if you think this is you, I would just use a quick clamp by Irwin or Dewalt, which is almost as efficient as this kreg clamp for pocket holes. Luckily, I work in a wood shop, so my hands have been through many torture tests, and are strong enough for this tool. Given the auto tension knob issues, I still really like using this clamp and is worth the price because of the increased efficiency in my production.
Quality is ok Size chart is misleading, the one I ordered per size chart is to large.
Works well on mainly level areas, not so well on steep driveways.
Wish this was bigger but all in all I use it. It's cute and I'll probably get another
Great series, only problem was that the box art is boring and the wrap on the box was too secure
It keeps my neck warm but it's somewhat awkward to wear. After having it for most of a Michigan winter I find myself reaching for it less and less and returning to my old scarf.
Very thin trash bag like plastic.. I guess for the price it's expected but I could have cut a hole in a trash bag and done better.
We've had 2 of these. Identical. The first was awesome, we just flat wore it out. This second one has never worked properly. Once the propane bottle is inserted, you can hear and smell the propane and the clicker will NOT start the flame. It's necessary to use a separate lighter device (which we never had to do on the first one). Not sure if something in the quality of manufacturing changed, or if we just got a dud.
It works pretty good on wood and just ok on metal. The sanding drums wore out to fast.
It went on easy, and I have used other Sunlite products in the past that were good, but this one not so much. With fresh batteries in, it was only about half as bright as my older cateye 3 LED AAA powered seatpost clamp light. A few rides in I got home and noticed the cover had come off during the ride somewhere. Not sure if I was to blame, but I made sure it was popped on firmly in place after I installed the batteries. I would personally not recommend this product due to these two issues.
The track is shipped in two halves that you put together. The 8 set screws that are supplied to do this need to be tightened with a #2 phillips head screwdriver. The set screws are so small it is easy to mistake them for allen socket screws.
doesn't work on my phone.
The hat is lightweight for sure, but to the point of the brim being pretty flimsy. Its an ok hat i guess, maybe i just expected too much from a super cheap hat.
Cute, but turned my neck green.
They work and fit but they are a little stiff
For the most part this is a surprising solid and well built stand. There is one problem area and it's a big problem. The connection between the head and the rest of the stand is very weak and spreads out when a bike is placed on the head. This causes the whole head to tilt (see pics.). The bike I am working on is a Huffy mountain bike, probably the normal bike that many people will be working on. This issue could easily be fixed by the manufacturer by extending the head collar down the neck and adding more bolts. This would make this an excellent stand.
It does look like the pic, but I didn't expect it to be SO SMALL.
Always a Trusted & Quality Safety Product!
Disk was very dirty and hard to clean when I got it
Remembered seeing 'The Net' when it came out. Pretty forgettable and you wonder how come it takes her the whole movie before she uses her special skills with a computer. The other movie is a total loser.
The game is good but there are not enough tanks to evolve into and you barely make any coins
The packaging for Amazon seems different than the packaging in my supermarket. Both times that I have bought from Amazon: 1. Removing a bottle from the plastic 8-pack band is tougher than expected so I remove it before putting the 8-pack into the fridge. Some bottles get dented by the process. 2. I can't open any of the 8 bottles by hand. I use adjustable pliers to open all 8 before I put into the fridge. The beverage gets 5 stars but the Amazon packaging changes get 1 star
I like this game but you need to add more missions and chat is inappropriate PPL TALK ABOUT SEX?! I MEA, WHO DOES THAT
They appear very big for my 5 year old daughter. My daughter has long thin fingers but is average size for a 5 year old. These would fall off easily and when worn, go all the way to the middle of her forearm, which is too big. I will wait until she's older to give it to her to wear.
I really liked thiss item, so stylish and very lightweight. But also easily broken... I should have given 5 star for this item but since the frame got broken I give 3 star.
Love the drills, especially the impact driver. However, after 4 months of moderate use, and only a few needed charges, 1 of the batteries will no longer hold a charge. I store set inside and made sure to charge only when needed. I realize that I probably just got a lemon of a battery of an otherwise 5 star drill set.
Didn't come with the gauge description the interior tray is cheap plastic but it works
As the headline says, you truly get what you pay for. This folding saw is most certainly not "heavy duty" as its description indicates. I purchased it because it was suggested on another product page that it would be superior to a similarly sized Silky. Upon receive the saw today, I see that the blade is about HALF the thickness of a Silky saw blade. We shall see how it performs when the time comes.
Decent shorts for the price. I'm 5'8 with a 32 inch waist and the M fit pretty well, but slightly on the small side. Come about an inch or 2 above the knee which is perfect. The lack of a zipper is a big minus for me however. My bad since I did not notice that before ordering. Would also be nic if it had 2 back pockets. But for 15 bucks, not bad!
I ordered this cooler for my husband in April. He uses it daily, it mostly sits on the passenger seat of his car. In the last month it has started to leak a lot. The issue, beside leaking, is that the back is padded so it absorbs all the cold water and then it runs down your back when you put it on. The concept is great, the execution, not so great.
Does not fit Staedtler markers, it's not tall enough. The marker slots are also very wide, for fat kid markers. Skinny markers will not fit snug into this grid.
Bike came pre screwed so tight I couldn't assemble the bike myself and the paint on the handle bars was scratched like it had been drug along concrete.
It was ok compression sock wasn't tight enough.
Flashlight works pretty well, but the mount to tighten it to the handlebar is really hard to tighten. I will need to modify it. The taillight falls apart at the slightest bump. I finally threw it away after I had to snap the cover back on for the 10th time in a week.
It does not fit in the ear well. That makes the product usability. Thanks
I like this game alot. Would be better if it would have clues for the words you're looking for rather than to have to guess at the words.
The case covered my phone speaker so people were unable to hear me or I said I was muffled, even on speaker. I do have an iPhone 8 and this is supposed to be for my phone but wasn't a good fit at all. Charge did not hold. Maybe I got a lemon. Returned it.
Does not work well in portrait mode. Angle is too steep. Does provide excellent protection when closed.
I bought this upon recommendation. Maybe it's just me, but I really don't love the smell, I can't WAIT until I use this up so it's gone. Also, the tingling feels creepy and see no difference in my hair. Again, maybe it's just me.
Cute skate, but the adjustable part does not stay locked. Spent more time readjusting skates for my 8 year old.
This is brighter than the paperwhite and while might seem like a good thing, in reality I never needed the super bright levels during the day and really missed the paperwhite's finer low light adjustments when reading in the dark. In very low light this is either too dim or, one level up, too bright.
Product so far has worked as expected. Able to set 2 different temperatures and cools beverages. Problem with shipping multiple times and having to buy missing screws for the handles. Packaging issues led to the product being temporarily pulled Amazon.
I leave my bicycle on my terrace and when it is windy, this cover makes so much noise that I have to bring bicycle inside of my apartment. Also it did not last for a long time from the wind and strong west sun light.. I think it is for indoor use only.
Too narrow, not their fault.
Not super sharp and also slightly too large for the project I was working on. I needed something that would fit into tiny grooves. But they're ok.
I bought this product twice. The first set was awesome. It worked well and helped reduce the swelling/puffiness under my eyes when I used the product. But, the second set that I bought made my skin irritated. I have used three pairs of the eye gels from the second set, and each time my skin becomes red, splotchy, and irritated. It feels fine when the gel is on, but once I take it off the skin becomes inflamed and uncomfortable. I really wanted to be able to use this product a lot more, but its just not worth the skin irritation. I have sensitive skin, so maybe its just a problem for people with skin like mine.
My pictures looked fuzzy. They have always looked great. Maybe a different paper?
So I received this clock and it is very cool! Clearly the people involved w this product did not mess around. With that said I gave it 3 of 5 because (1) its way smaller than I thought it would be. See attached pic vs a pen (2) after rereading the comments after I bought it this clock has a life span of about 3 years. So its cool but know that when you drop your money its for about 3 years and then this is trash. Again its very, very cool but those 2 factors made me give it a 3 out of 4.
Product doesn't seem the same on my hair as the one I got from the salon. Shipping took way longer than it should have. Not really worth it.
Too many patterns. Hard to get into a rhythm.
Probably works great for a lot of inflatable toys. Not strong enough for a paddle boards though and that's why I bought it. Stick to manufacturer pump recommendations.
It's ok good for ppl that don't look like me with braces good for ppl getting braces and dont know what they will look like
Does not include Allen key or shims that are mentioned in the item description/instructions. Went through my entire Allen set and none of my sizes work so will need to make a trip to the hardware store before attempting to install again.
The picture is great! Some apps don't operate well with the remote and you have to use a wireless mouse. At times the remote acts as if it's not connecting to the box. We returned one thinking it was defective and the replacement did the same thing. We kept it as it would be more hassle to return but it's in our bedroom and we purchased a different brand for the living room.
These tasted good but were a bit salty.
The plastic is extremely cheap, it feels, looks and sounds like fourty years old Chinese toys. Then you trying to bend the knife you can hear some screechy nose from inside the handle. The right prise for the knife is $25 max.
A good product. It helped my well worn laptop.
I enjoyed the sweet but could have done without the other snacks . . . definitely wasn't worth the full price nor did I like the subscription "unknowns" of future box content. Cx'd Subscription right away!
They are ok. Better to just save your money and buy a quality pair.
nice pendant, but chain is poor quick
It is little bigger to my daughter.
A little big for my head but it's alright.
Got a good deal on this, so thought I'd pick it up. Wound up buying a soundbar for about $40 cuz I couldn't stand the sound quality. Now it's a very nice setup. Mounted it to a wall under a kitchen cabinet. Happy with the results.
So our tv came today, box showed up with a huge tear in it, somehow the tv still kinda works. No pixels ruined but it will reboot by itself when you wait for it to turn on. Rebooted when we were looking on netflix for something to watch. Something heavy and metal had to have fallen on it during the shipment.
Meh, it's okay, it's neither a great chocolate milk nor is it a great malt. If you want that, use Quick and the Carnation malt together (I add a Splenda in with that, since the malt has zero sweetening) - *CORRECTION - I thought this was the chocolate, which I have now reviewed separately. The classis is no better, very little malt flavor. I won't be buying it again, I will stick with Carnation.
Product was a bit more yellow than gold
The hoverboard appears to be rugged and powerful. The lack of bluetooth capability for speakers and making configuration changes is why the product was rated at only three stars. Bring back bluetooth capability ASAP or run the risk losing customers. I would not have purchased this hoverboard had it been clearly advertised that it did not have bluetooth capability.
I bought two of these. I first one I bought was a gift for my girlfriend because she said she wanted a good knife to carry around. Well when we got it, it worked great and I liked it so much that I bought myself one, however mine didn't have nearly as much spring force as my gf's and wouldn't swing open the whole way unless you grabbed the blade and forced it the whole way open. So be aware, you may or may not get a good knife if you purchase this product.
Sizes are off. Bigger than stated. Decent design but the clasp/clevis design is difficult to work with also. There are better clasps that can be used to make this an awesome piece.
It wasn't too bad. If I had to do it again I'm sure it would come out better. Just takes time and patience. Instructions could be better.
Good shovel for camping. Small but useful. Can change into pick. Comes with cover.
These are very thick and make shoes tight if not use to this thickness. But super soft and comfy otherwise.
Okay not what expected
This game crashes ALOT! First time opening for the day? Crash. Open the garage? Crash. Open multi? Crash. Open solo? Crash. Finish a level? Crash. Do things too fast? Crash. Want to watch a video for coins? Crash. Be prepared to reopen this game every 10 minutes or so. If you can get it to work it's a fun game, just don't enjoy it too much because that will probably make it crash as well.
This ice maker makes the coolest bullet shaped ice cube's! It really does make ice in 8 minutes. My main problem with this ice maker is that the basket capacity is very small. It is advertised as will make 26 pounds of ice in 24 hours. I believe it would. But you would have to babysit it and constantly dump the little basket. I wish there was some way I could put this in my freezer. Love the ice cube's!
I bought this strictly for it's clamp on amp reading having many other DVM's. Unfortunately depending on where the wire is in the jaws, the reading varies by at least 10%.
Wasn't what I expected but found use for it
What can I say, they're batteries.
It's not for everyone. Has a great smell and exfoliation, but feel it's way overpriced for what it is. Probably will not buy again.
works like it should
Having to return these because they are the wrong ones for my vape. It's not a free return like many other Prime items.
Missing parts for assembly....was a Christmas gift for our youngest son. Still waiting for missing parts to deliver.
Part of the cases were broke but still good
Stitching of seams started to unravel after a few months. It is still hanging in there but I am not sure how much longer it will last. The material itself seems to be doing OK. I keep my bike on a back patio that is only covered from above.
The state seemed pretty decent unfortunately the size of each steak was a different thickness and size which made it a little more challenging to cook in have done at the same time each steak did not look to be the same
Didn't have the size I needed in the pack.
I like the idea but when you get it it kinda looks cheap?
The two flat ends of the horse shoe shaped grinder were excellent for the t shaped joints of herring bone tile layout, i could avoid scratching the tile with it. Other than that, these were nearly useless. would not buy again
It's a bit of a ripoff of Mario, but also a little unique.
These are heavy duty punches but not at all sharp. Great buy if you are willing and able to sharpen them. Once sharpened they work great.
It is barely 3 inches. It's a nice idea but the false advertising of 4 inches is unfair for the price.
It is ok. But it is pretty short. Not for anyone over 5.5.
To many pop up add for other games!
I bought this camera to replace my original XT in order to get the added feature of being able to speak through the app to persons outside my door. WiFi reception reception was poor compared to the original XT that I had been using. My comments to the seller resulted in them replacing the camera with another that is doing acceptably better, although not as strong as the original. Still a good value for the money, especially at the prime days price.
Clogged quickly. Ended up using a broom to finish one large job
It is extremely small. I'm considering returning it.
The pieces were not great but it did the job.
Axle is too long for older road bike and cannot be used as the nut bottoms out on the threads before it is sufficiently tight. Existing axle is long enough to use with the actual hitch though so it is functional. As others have noted Thule really needs to offer just the hitch for sale without the skewer/axle. It would make the price actually reasonable
Definitely wind proof! Worked well until the zipper broke after the first wear
Not as good as expected
I was considering buying a batch of these as a gift for fishing buddies, so I bought one for myself as a test. Glad I did because I decided these are not the level of quality that I would give as a gift. This tool will be useful around the yard, but it's not a there as a primary multi-tool. The pliers are stiff and the various blades are the kind of steel that won't hold a sharp edge for very long. I lost the hatchet cover within 5 minutes of taking this out of the box.
I don't understand how to review this. The movie, OK , I like Cage (as long as he doesn't get Political). The DVD itself, I won't know until I watch it (right now it's on my DVD shelf). If I were to watch it and the DVD itself is fine, that is no guarantee that ALL of the other DVDs that people may buy will be OK. Just like the majority of reviews, some say it is great and some hate it.
I bought this contour gauge to measure the profiles of my favorite guitar necks, for future guitar building purposes, but doubt I'm going to use it for that purpose. The metal pins are very stiff and sharp. Even after putting some oil on the pins and working them back and forth, it's still too stiff and would risk making marks on the guitar finishes. Also, be very careful about pulling the pins too far, because they'll come right out of the base. I accidentally pulled a small section out and had to feed them back in one by one. This item is probably good for laying tile or using on unfinished wood, but nothing I'd use on a finished guitar neck. I should have bought one with plastic pins.
Plastic breaks when trying to take out or return to mounting position.
This watch case opener did not work well or open any of the cases of the watches that I tried it on. The blade appears to be a little too thick than what is needed for the job. I had better results with a paring knife. I returned it.
I purchased this for a trip to Asia. It ended up being too small to hold all of my toiletries and the case rolled up too bulky to fit well in my backpack. The old style single/dual open bag is much better. If this cost about $15, I would feel better about its functionality. But being that it cost $30, the value/usability isn't there. I would return if I could.
would not fit my saw. nice made blade
Bought these as spares for when friends come shooting. Would not use them as my main ear protection. Not extremely comfortable, but do the job.
The TV itself is good, has a great picture and sound quality. I would give it a 5 start if this were just a TV. Its the smart part that I have trouble with. The apps are limited by amazon marketplace and many of them are broken (Both Disney and MTV don't work with the TV but work with a older fire stick we have) just to list ones I can think of. The power button on the TV remote rarely works and its $50 for a new one. Alexa often cannot connect to the fire TV. The TV only has an option for screensaver time and not sleep time and if you are in Hulu, Netflix, Sling, or almost any other Streaming app and let the TV screen saver or sleep turn on it will kick you out of the app and lose your spot in the show (some do not allow fast forward functions making you re watch entire shows).
Good initial hold, but really fades as the day goes on. Doesn't leave hair with as much as a dry "matte" look as I was hoping for.
Ok with a diving mask, not good with goggles
This is a great case in which the IPAD is protected. However, the glass covering has air bubbles and they just won't go away.
Works well enough to make the connection, but I'd feel better if they locked more positively.
YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF WATCHING JENNIFER LOPEZ IN ENOUGH, AS SHE WIPES OUT HER HUSBAND.
I've ordered 2 of these cases prior to this one. The magnet is not great in this one at all. I'm not sure it will hold the case closed if I drop the phone; my other ones do. I like the pattern, but wish the magnet were like he other two cases. Same brand/maker.
It may get the job done but it's not 10.4 inches at advertised. It's closer to 7. I may return it.
Just another magazine
Bought for my emergency kit so luckily haven't tried them. I thought each cube would be a little bigger. The ones I bought from another company, were bigger but not as many.
Not great quality. It used to be that Made in Ethiopia used to mean something.:) Seriously though; they are pretty supple but the stitching is not great, for example the pinkies come twisted because of that. The stitching hurts the fingers and looks like it might come loose soon:(. Otherwise, they are ok...
was not the same basecoat. im okay with it.next time just upload a picture of the actual basecoat.
The pre-shave oil is very good, but the scent is light and no-where near as strong as other sandalwood products I've used in the past. The packaging in a glass bottle is questionable as the oil makes the bottle very slippery. But all-in-all, good quality.
We received the product- Jack black today and the packaging was torn and open.
Fits good. I'm pleased with it.
Case was cracked, but dvd works.
This tv is awesome except for the sound output. Example when you connection to audio to an external source such as a stero receiver the internal speakers cuts off completely additionally when in Bluetooth mode both the Bluetooth speakers and television sound has to be at 100 percent to hear it at a low volume
Cheap fabric. Does the job
Easy to install. Decently bright. It won't stay put in the rear no matter how much I try and flops down defeating it's purpose. It's a bit annoying to charge but that doesn't matter if I can't get it to stay put.
Was expecting it to have State Taxes included since all the other "deluxe" versions have state taxes included. I'd have selected a different version if I had realized because to purchase the state form option from within the program cost $39.95 - which, when combined with the cost of this program, would be a lot cheaper to buy as the deluxe version that already includes state. If you don't have to file state returns, your fine purchasing this version. If you need a state form too - don't buy this program and look for another version that includes the state return option.
I loved the tasted of the sauce. Chicken was okay but the noodles were overcooked.
I have a duplicate shelf from a different seller I've used for a couple years now and has been amazing. The vacuum suction seals are really sturdy and never fall off the walls if you place them correctly. I wanted to add a second shelf to the shower so picked up this one. This one seemed like an exact duplicate, except that this one arrived with bent wires in the bottom that make the shelf surface uneven in the center.
awesome came on ting in great condition as stated a trusted seller
What is this plan for? what item? how come it is not listed. It should be.
Chuck seems a little flaky but it did the job well and is lighter than previous versions.
it work the pic is ok does play well with other app the name reason I got was for in house deliver the Arlo's cam our munch better . Not sure the reason am not getting in house delivery is because I have pet's .
This is a great film but Criterion didn't do so well on the remastering. The focus could be sharper and the contrast could have been much better. Disappointing.
Wasn't overly fond of these, but my granddaughter loved them.
My 2 year loves that he can watch Paw Patrol any time now. However I'm having trouble getting it activated under his free time profile.
What I recieved is not what is pictured completely. The bags are correct, but I got a 3 point shoulder harness instead of 4 point. The belt just fits me and I wear 40 in waist pants but product details states up to 46 in. The belt also is a single hole not double hole as in picture. Besides that, it is still usable for me, just can not put on more weight (good incentive lol).
I was disappointed to receive my first publication because it was torn on the cover. I use them for coffee table books and wanted it to be pretty. They coukd be mailed in a mailer bag for more protection. I am looking forward to receiving the next one. They are beautiful magazines.
There was some rust on the tools but that will not affect their usability.
Overall good case. Fit well, but the magnet is pretty much useless. Won't hold it closed.
Description gives appearance that you will have access to more movies but most are old and probably free online
Good to avoid minor cuts and scrapes. I would not hold a sharp knife and squeeze, like the picture shows!! I use it when cleaning my car to avoid cuts from sharp ends.
I use these for face painting and was disappointed to see the bristles coming apart. I have several pans of face paint with bristles in them. Not as durable as I was expecting.
Good price for the two movies
Was the wrong type of nose pad, not as pictured. Was able to send back though, so no worries about that side of it.
I have not needed this yet
I first took this rain fly up on a snowshoe trip, since I bought it in January I was eager to use it. It did very well and kept my area free of snow drifts and clumps falling off trees. It was light wait and held up to the freezing temperatures. I then didn't use it again for a few months due to a string of great luck with weather on my trips. Once I was finally able to see how it holds up to rain, it wasn't as great as I had thought. I had a puddle of water on my pack when I woke up and it was due to a manufacturing flaw on the seam. The water proofing had been sewn on crooked and was allowing water to penetrate through the thread line. It didn't leak during my snowshoe trip due to the dry cool conditions. I recommend a solid test before your return date has passed.
Product looks great but my hammock did not come with the carabiners like it was supposed to.. who do I need to contact this about?
Too low. Wish the height was adjustable.
Had to factory reset because of a sound sync issue. It fixed the problem. Tv is good but not the brightest hdr content looks very dark. Tv colors do not pop.
I like winning. I don't like how quickly I lose all of my points after a big win.
Super uncomfortable, but good for a night or two. I would not sleep on this long-term.
I like this shampoo, but gave it only 3 stars because the shampoo arrived with a loose top and product leaking into the box. The shampoo was not wrapped in plastic like most other liquid products are from Amazon.
I bought several and I'm pleased with the way it cleans up my shop. Beware that while the holder is solid, the pegboard mounting tabs are embarrassingly wimpy. Had to drill out some holes to fit larger screwdrivers, but that's not a problem.
I love this item except that the measurement lines are not accurate.
The lid on this is better than an open container top. I use it as an office water bottle so it's constantly being filled. But if you're looking to keep your water cold and not have the bottle sweat, this isn't it.
I wish it was thicker and foams slightly
I haven't used them yet, but must remark on the strange smell. Unlike leather, or even pleather. I don't know quite how to describe it, but it's quite unpleasant. I'm hopeful airing them out will dissipate it.
I bought some of these in X-Large about a year ago but they were too small so I never wore them. I liked the construction and feel of them though so I ordered the XX-large thinking those would fit perfect. Nope, the XXL and XL appear to be exactly the same size! I tried both on yesterday and they feel the same. oh well keep searching I guess. They need to work on the sizing a bit.
Warm nice shirt, but the collar and buttoned placket wrinkled more than expected after the first wash.
I dig Alvin Lee, but "live" music - not so much. The background noise is somewhat distracting.
I've erased data on this game and started over several times. This time I cannot get past level 80, even though I win the round. It just keeps bringing me back to that same level. Weird. But I love the game so much I put up with the quirk and start over again.
two pairs performed or are still performing. One pair, however, would only work if a person had two right hands. Very disappointing to say the least
After 3 months the lid broke off. Otherwise, does it's job at keeping things cold.
The largest standard size rack missed the quality control check. The sizes on 6 of the markers was so faint that I had to relabel them. China China China. Come on man!!
Have had this fan installed for about a month now. The fan is great at removing smoke and odors. But, be forewarned that the clock in the hood cannot be set to use AM/PM instead of the 24 hour clock. The clock does not maintain the time accurately either. I set the clock 2 weeks ago and as of today it is running 16 minutes fast.
My 2 1/2 year old great granddaughter really enjoys playing with this app. However, there are some glitches. I watched as she matched the correct vegetables but the voice response was incorrect. (Carrot when it was something else). This also happened on colors. I'm not happy she is being taught erroneously.
I've had this movie a while and it just suddenly stopped reading once it was in the dvd player. otherwise I love the movie itself
good set some movies good some really bad
The saw is decent for price, but cant recommend. The saw feels good, sounds good and is square. The markings are not as good. You have to search for the depth of cut scale, The bevel scale is no different than any steel shoe saw. Most of all, the 90 and 45 degree notches are not marked at all.. It did include the thumb nut for a fence.
I like the brow gel but I ordered light and received clear.
But as sturdy as another brand and I don't wear like I would with the other brand. I'll buy the other one next tine.
Great pump but the gauge is waaaaaay off
Not as bright as I hoped for. It only lights the area immediately beneath it.
It was the typical family thang!
The suspenders were nicely built just were way to short for me. I'm over 6' tall and they would not work for me. but worked out great for my 5'7'' helper who I gave them to.
I enjoyed this scalp brush. I use it when I co-wash. Unfortunately one of the bristles was jagged so it sometimes gets caught in my hair.
The rubber is not that great, good enough for the price.
Gigantic, clunky, heavy. Not at all like the ones I had when I was younger
It hold a lot of eggs and it is very easy to get the eggs in and out. However, do not wash these in the dishwasher, the holders didn't come with instructions on how to wash them so we put them in the dishwasher and they warped. The lids no longer fit and they cannot be stacked which is the reason the we got them.
Keeps wind and rain off. You can't see thru plastic and carrying case is a piece of junk
Could be better, too much time spent before realizing money is needed to advance.
Not what I was expecting at all. Really small, had to repaint mine because it had varnish prints in it. Little steep in price as well.
I always wait to write reviews and today is why. I loves the picture quality , remote , and web capabilities with this set. However, it stopped working after 18 months and when we called Sony they told us it was a known defect that they will fix. Then they couldn't commit to a fix date, they said it may be a week or more for the part to get to the local installer. The part is coming from the US. Then there is no service level with how long that local agent has to fix it or how qualified / certified they are. So a) they have known defects that they don't notify customers about b) the guy on the phone when I was searching for the purchase date started to make up a random date c) they don't overnight parts or even know when they will send them out d) they can't tell me the installer or how long they will take
Great style but fits smaller than expected
Wish it had more detail
Looks great but the story should have been better!
I wanted to install Words With Friends 2, but it's not available. I tried to click on the link in the game, but when I get to the Amazon apps, it's not there.
not really isolate the noise
Worked well but tended to overheat and shut off if it was left on for more than a few seconds at a time.
It was ok. Not as good as Prometheus.
The band that comes with the sun glasses doesn't stay on securely. It is more of a annoyance than a help. Also after having them for about 2 months, the rubber at the end of the classes is already peeling off. I won't be buying them again, will just stick with the dollar store sunglasses. If they had been cheaper I wouldn't have expected better quality. There is nothing wrong with the lenses though so I guess that is the important part.
I wish they would have given a more accurate number of the width and height of this product. These are usually hard to find and most side panels do not come with the frame.
Did not like the programing available.
My grandkids aren't sure how to play it. I am not one to help them either. So it doesn't get played very much. lol
Dont received ss yet
36 inches seemed larger than it is.
For a bike that is 29” does not fit great but it works
This is a decent cup of coffee. Of all the Gevalia K-cup offerings this is my favorite. It is just not dark enough for me personally. I prefer smooth, non-acidic dark roast blends with a nice boldness. This has a little bitterness and acidity and seems to be a medium-dark roast. I have ordered it several times when I could get a good price on it because it's not bad, it's just not great either.
Okay so I might be just a little on the picky side but for 30 bucks I feel like I just bought a cool paint job this lid is a behemoth weight wise compared to 3m lids in this price point the suspension is good I like the locking ratchet the sweat gaurd is horrible and needs to be tossed and replaced with a much more comfortable one I really love the paint job the air holes make it sound like you have 737 flying over head especially when its windy out if you dont wear earplugs for your job it might be annoying but the weight and the sweat gaurd are the biggest draw backs
Great classic silent film, but the quality of this dvd is terrible. I would encourage you to pay the extra money to get the Kino classic version. Their version has been restored by people who care about preserving the quality of classic films.
Not as Bright as I was expecting
I wish their is more excitement
Good documentary. I was hoping more for Late models but it contained more sprint cars. Still a good watch though
flavor is only ok. chip is great if you love hard chips
I do like the link for this site but I don't know what will become of it .Trump just ended NET Neutrality But the don't let everyone have clean water either
I wouldn't call this a high quality kit by any stretch, but it does it's job sufficiently. I used it to repair my iPhone a couple of times. If I had to use a kit more frequently I'd look elsewhere for something with a bit higher quality.
It's an okay game - too much narrative, then tries to sell you coins/chips in order to continue to play with more 'boosters'. I just wanted a free game to play with no money spent
I received this item with two others in the same shipping box. There were no peanuts or other packing material in the box...just the 3 items. The box that the cream came in was completely crushed. Weird since the the shipping box showed no damage whatsoever. The cream seems to be fine and wasn't broken or leaking.
some good stuff here and the price is right
Is ok but not comfortable.
After a couple months, ours have started to lose their stick
OK for easy work at home - not heavy duty tools but great for the price!!
Not as in depth as other hidden object games but still relaxing.
They look great on my 2003 silverado and fit good but when I put them on the balancer it told me they were bent.
S far I'm not really thrilled. I bought them to use in case one of us has to feed the horses on our way somewhere we're wearing shoes or boots that we don't want to stink or look dirty. I skidded a little with one foot on a wet concrete stall floor, and when i took them off, they seemed quite wet inside. Also they really held on to the dirt and debris on the bottom. Having said that, I've only tried one pair, once, so I may come back and revise this if I'm permitted to and need to.
Lots of sizes but don't work well on hard woods.
We love our echo kids edition for the most part but my sisters and I were disappointed when we found out they couldn't call each other. Between the 3 of Us we bought 6 of the kids editions so that our kids (all the cousins) could call each other but then found out that you can't allow them to call each other even if the adult echo has permission to call the kids echo you can't give that same permission to a kids echo. When I called amazon to see if there was a way to do this he was nice and also confused at the fact that they couldn't communicate to each other because he thought that's how it worked too. So he said after a little research the only way as of right now that they can have permission to talk to each other is if they are all under the same household. That's not an Option. So we aren't very happy. Since that is the main reason we bought them.
I like the idea of tv and the price is really great. The Cons of this tv is the picture, if you don't mind sitting directly in front of it than it's fine but because my seating doesn't allow for everyone to the picture can't be seen except distorted and gray shades. I gave it to my grandchildren to watch since it seems they always are in front of it and it's small and the sound quality is actually better than some. I hope this helps as it's not an all around viewing tv for sure.
I got these pants on a great deal. I read the reviews and sized up - I always wear a large in workout leggings and I got an extra large and I am glad I did because they do seem to run small. I have only tried on and they seem comfortable but I haven't yet worked out in them. I will review again once I do.
Not a solid fit particularly on the small end, but does get the job done.
Very cheap quality DVDs. They arrived stacked on top of one another in the case. I don't feel like these disks are made to last. The movies themselves are bad, but I knew that!
Nothing to get excited about.Flimsy plastic setup. Dangles by the corners of the USB adapter. Could have been improved by providing a hole to mount to the center screw of the AC outlet plate. Look for something better. May have been made by Harbor Freight, similar quality.
Bike had 1of 2 chains missing cannot use till replacement is received
Seeds propagated waiting for it to grow.
This is beautiful music but the case was all busted.
The thing will not hold location or percent complete. Every other page or so I have to once again stop reading to set the show one of the location displays . A real pain!! In my old kindle this would happen occasionally. In this one I spend more time doing that than reading. Not really but it sure seems that way.
3 stars for good quality. Minus 2 stars because there is no way the 2 bike version will fit two bikes. My wife has a small women's mountain bike, and me a normal sized one, and I had to flip them opposite directions to get it to fit. This leaves the gears on one bike exposed to the elements. Also there is nothing quick about putting this on, at least with two bikes.
I've been enjoying it but I can't update and continue the Xmas event. 😢
There ok not as good as carters .. but they will work for now ..
I thought I was getting the unaltered version of Star Wars as advertised, but it's actually the retouched version. It's still Star Wars, tho, do for the price I can't complain.
Package was open and one of the 4 discs was missing. Disc 1, disc 2, and disc 4 were there but disc 3 was missing. Corner of the package had been cut off.
Really disappointed in the set up of the dvd, I bought for my children but there is not a way to just press play all of the 9 mini movies, it seemed like every 15-20 minutes I was needing to go and start the next set which is not very practical.
It was generally a good bike until the following: 1- battery life gave me only 5 miles (tried twice in different weather conditions) 2- break noise is so annoying I want to thanks amazon for returning the bike with a full refund, but I really regret returning it, i wish it would worked for me.
It was different from what most zz top music. Not quite what is aspected
I used this item as a gift for my father.
The picture shows 2 but theres only one as described. Not much smell and no alcohol. Not drying to skin feels fresh. Best part no nasty taste.
Got two for my daughters but one of them didn't like it. The colors are very vibrant but there's something to the look which is not that high quality if you know what I mean. Well, I guess for the price it is ok.
I've used the product for two weeks, it is light and glides on easy. Pleasant fragrance. It is very difficult to get the product out of the little bottles. The pump bottle works great.
The light was very dimmed.
I am 5'9, 162 pounds, and typically wear size 10 tall/long in pants. After reading all the reviews that these pants run a little large - I decided to stick with my size as a 10 because I wanted something that was a little more loose fitting and forgiving. I am glad I didn't order a size smaller because both pair I received did NOT run small. As a matter of fact - if I were to order again, I would size UP 1 size in order to have a little more room. The size 10 fit, but are a little tight everywhere except the waist. And as far as the length goes - I ordered the regular instead of the long, again because of reviews. They are BARELY long enough. The fit is more of a flare leg, not a straight leg. This wouldn't be that big of a deal if they were longer, but coming at mid-ankle and being flared just looks all kinds of wrong. I may just have to send these back and order the long size and have them altered. I wish there was a choice in between a 32" inseam and a 36" inseam. The fit is mid to low rise and comes about 2" below my belly button. The zip pocket in the front fits my Galaxy 7 phone, but since the legs are tight I wouldn't put my phone here as it would be uncomfortable, look bulgy, and would somewhat restrict movement. I agree with others that the drawstring is fairly useless, and I also agree that it might be a good idea to double stitch the buttons once you get the pants. These are made in China and the manufacturing quality is probably not in line with the price point of these pants. They did however include an extra button stitched to the inside tag of the pants in case you lose one. At this point - 3 stars is the best I could offer these pants. I will return the ones I have for a 12 Long and update my review at that time. Hope this helps some of you that are taller than 5'7 but shorter than 6 foot!
The product didn't come with batteries
Fit is huge. I have a 40” bust and I had to take it in in back
Love this product but cans are always dented. Some damaged so bad I wasn't sure if it were safe to use!
All the cutting wheels were broken when I opened it the polishing compound was completely dried up.. And the plastic box was cracked. But other than those minor things it's been a good dremel.
I usually buy this coconut milk in Whole Foods and I love it to make homemade probiotic yogurt so I thought I'd have it delivered. Big mistake ! Maybe the heat from the truck or the warehouse has separated the oils in an odd way even after sitting in my kitchen pantry where it's cool it still stays separated and has affected the way the yogurt comes out. Would recommend it in store but didn't ship well from amazon.
Should also require the leather spray
Not sure bought this for my son
When I wear this, it does a great job at blocking out sound and everything but it is very tight and hurts the sides of my head if I wear it for a while even when I try to adjust it
I don't like no w you have to be 13 to be able to chat I'm 9 i should be able to chat
It's a case. Works well. Fit well. Reason for 3 stars was due to packaging damaged. And I was going away so I needed it to keep safe. So I kept a damaged case. Still worked.
These don't really have all that much flavor but are great if you pair them with salsa and toppings of any kind .
Overall a good product, sturdy and good quality. The bag leans forward when I set it down, wish it could stay upright on it's own.
The internal magnets turn the Oasis on as you slide it into the pouch, ensuring it will be blazing away inside wasting battery life for no reason. EDIT: Based on feedback from the manufacturer and a few more tests, this issue seems to happen somewhat randomly, but is apparently related to the orientation of the Kindle. When keeping the button-side to the right in the sleeve, the magnets are less likely to turn on the Kindle.
Even with a phone case; The very first time I dropped this phone, from about 2 feet off the ground, the whole screen is busted. The Moto Z's used to have unbreakable screens, I'm disappointed to see that the screen durability is not as good as past phones in the Moto z series.
I was hoping for a better package but it was very cheaply put together with cheap holders vs a book style holder.
Its a durable product and I love it. However its too deep. Not designed by a women!
The noise level is deafening even with ear plugs. The PSI drops extremely quickly making me wait.
Bought it as a gag gift so it was fine for the occasion but the material was undoubtedly flimsy and it was really small.
I'd give this product a "ho hum" rating. In the positive side, it's one of the least expensive Bike Trailers on the market. But the tradeoffs are: the safety flag/holder is flimsy (poor quality and poor design) so it falls out if you go over a bump. The swivel has a stopper built in, which means that if you turn it too much it ends up turning your bike seat along with it. Unfortunately, that turning radius is fairly small, so the stopper makes it hard to do simple things, like a right turn on a sidewalk. On the plus side, it seems to be a comfortable enough ride and the gearing (fixed) seems to be enough so that my kid can pedal at a reasonable (slow) speed. The biggest design/ quality flaws seem to be in the swivel/ trailer hitch part. The rest of the bike trailer is fine and seems sturdy. I'm glad I didn't spend much money on one of these.
Good value for cheap outside gloves.
Pretty dissatisfied. Bought them for work and they arrived in time but as I opened the box today everything was out of place, and covered in thick grease. They look as if someone else owned them prior and didn't use them much and returned them. The box has grease stains a few of the items are scuffed up like the screwdriver and I will update this later as I use them to see if there is anything else wrong with them but as far as I'm concerned they definitely aren't new.
Good case the only drawback it does not put the kindle to sleep mode when closed. You have to manually do that.
The function of this product is good. My problem is with one end coming untied / loose. I think I have fixed it, at least for now.
This roller is made nicely, however, it does not hold onto windows that easily. It will not work well on my SUV due to the diagonal pillar between windows. I ordered this for my previous vehicle but traded it in before water season here in Michigan.
Update: The product may not have met my expectations, but the customer service exceeded them. Bought this to hang photos on a wall in a straight line. Ended up being easier to eyeball it. Not helpful for what I was hoping to use it for.
These bottles are okay but they leak profusely from the lid. No matter how tight!
Love this gel but it has the wrong weight on it, advertised as 33.8 oz but is really only about 17 oz same as the other products on line it still is a good deal.
Product arrived with the glass chipped at the top and the cork was broken so it was impossible to get it out in one piece, furthermore it was impossible to use the cork in the future to re-close the bottle! I don't want to go through the hassle of returning the item so I guess I'll just have to go find another cork somewhere somehow... otherwise the scent of the bubble bath and the product are fabulous and I would purchase again but the seller should definitely do something about packaging their items better for shipping to prevent this from happening.
The goggles are great for the price with one big exception: they smell very heavily of chemicals and while it seems to be slowly going away, I still smell it after a over a month of using them and airing them 24/7. If it wasn't for the smell I'd give them a solid 5 stars.
not sure if I like it or not.
Coins are nice though they came in a bag and were not in cardboard covers. I also only got the 7 coins and no free coin.
I like this collection of music, but the playback quality is poor, with scratchy and poppy sounds like listening to it on an old radio.
I (ab)used these pretty heavily for 100 miles, then they broke. I didn't bother with the warranty and replaced them with aluminum poles.
This case is okay. I does protect my tablet. The body seems well made and not flimsy. There's an elastic band which holds the cover closed or open. The stand is somewhat awkward to use and doesn't 'stand' all that well. The elastic stylus-holder is small and the elastic does not have enough stretch/give, making it frustratingly difficult to insert a stylus. The case fits my Fire HD 8 Tablet, but the inside 'frame' opening is off center, so one side of the tablet face is a bit covered and there isn't room inside the case to shift the table over.
Great app but my ch ok old wants me to buy things Ah NO!!!!
Missing one. Disk. When received.
Why was I charged for a game yet I pay for unlimited
As always, gerber makes great multi-tools. But why did they move the blades to the INSIDE? Now, you have to fully open the tool to get access to the blades. PLEASE MOVE THE BLADES BACK OUTSIDE the handle so we can open them with one hand.
It's okay....I wish there were more to select from with each new season. So far I've only liked a couple of shows each for the past few seasons. I would also prefer if there were more english dub, especially those not available on Funimation. I do like seeing that they have new anime that is not on Crunchyroll.
Product is adequate.
At first, my dog looked at the source of the whistle's sound, but now she totally ignores it. $40 thrown away.
My family went camping for the first time and we decided to buy all the gear, even though we'd likely use it once a year at the most. We purchased a Coleman tent, Coleman stove, and this Coleman kitchen. a couple of pros and cons are listed below from my opinion. Part of me wished we upgraded to the higher model that our friends had which has a sink and is more stable, but again, only camping once a year at most, would be hard to justify the additional cost. pros: - compact storage - quick set up cons: - area for stove placement could be more stable - utensil hanging part had some rust after 2 days
Different and a good time passer
The hook doesn't lock into place so securely. Can easily come undone while climbing. Solid build to it though.
pocket very snug fit for standard water bottle
Not as bright as I had expected nor as colorful as others I have done.
Didn't realize this cd,didn't have my church on it, which is,why I bought it
Bought for a gift. Great show but disk 2 didn't work. Returned and same thing happened second time. Rented from family video same thing Haha
My paperwhite had a great price, and works well. But it is not very durable. It took a tumble off my nightstand, landed face-down on a plastic power strip sitting on the carpet, and it produced a crack in th screen that now emits a pinhole of light from the backlight.
Wasn't for me. I live in an apartment complex and in the winter it was not fun to have to carry my clothes outside to walk them to the apartment laundromat. I got this to get me through until my lease was up. It was ok, if you dont care about your clothes being soft and fluffy like they are from a dryer then you might like it. My clothes got clean but certain items I didnt like washing in it. I would not buy it again, I didnt think it was worth the convenience.
Would be better if it came with some sort of written instructions. Only key to using these is the small pics on the inside of the case.
Tools are good and case is fine but the plastic that holds all parts in place is cheap and weak
This is a favorite product, high nutrition, quick prep, and no salt added. Just short on shelf life, expiration within a nine months.
Sound quality just ok,but easy to connect and battery last few hour for sure,but i was not playing full volume because of the sound quality not that good when you play it loud !!!! I buy it for my patio not for dance party !!!
had trouble with fit
I really wanted to love it. I have been considering getting this suit for a while. I followed the size chart exactly (and read a lot of other reviews). I had no problem getting the legs and torso on... but the arms and shoulders were an absolute no go for me. I have been doing an arm/upper body workout at least 3-5 times a week so my arms and shoulders are fairly muscular. I also have naturally wide shoulders even when I don't work out, so that might also be a factor. If you have muscular arms and/or wide shoulders like me, this might not be for you. Otherwise I would have loved it.
This is a Christmas gift. I will right more when they receive it.
Not sure if this doesn't instill a fear of stray dogs where there was none
The cap that I received did not have fur on the forehead-area of the cap, just a visor like a normal cap. It also did not come with the face mask it says it comes with.
I love Murder She Wrote and the cd's are excellent. However,I have to rate everything, and the slips that hold the cd's inside the case are broken apart. So far I've bought 3 seasons and this is the only one I've had this problem with, and incidentally, it's the only one I bought from Amazon, so I'm going back to ordering them from Walmart.
It's ok for steady female pleasure
It works and wasn't difficult to install, but on a standard shower head without the arm, it hangs very low. I will have to crouch a little to wash my hair with this because I'm 5'5 and taller than it when installed. That's a bit strange to me. I will test it out for a few days and see.
It's supposed to be a 4 pack plus the bonus gold blanket. I received a 3 pack with the bonus gold blanket.
I don't know if its my humidor or these Xikar humidifiers, I have trouble with my humidor. Only time I can keep it above 70 during winter is with a wet paper towel. Seriously, the wet paper towel works better. In Fairness, I have radiator heating which is super dry.
tool to open back of watch did not fit my watch and that is reason for return.
Upside; they are effective. We didn't make another baby. Downside; condoms are so uncomfortable. Not a fan. Get a vasectomy instead. You'll have a better sex life and in the long run you will save money.
This is a nice glass but the lid does not stay on securely. Also it is a little on the wide side and does not fit into most cup holders.
Box is damaged one of the inserts for the dvds is broken.
I wore these out in less than a year working in the garden. Too bad the brand I use to use doesn't make the kind I like any more. Back to the drawing board
I bought these camisoles for my wife. She likes how they fit and feel. Unfortunately, after just a couple of wears, two of them have had straps simply come loose. Kind of disappointing.
All is fine except it quickly turns inside out when there is the slightest amount of wind.
The part you put your mouth on is exposed at all times. Not too sanitary.
Good Helmet but too large for my sons head
product is ok, easy on off, not quite enough support
Worked enough to get through one round of DIY wedding bouquets but became dull, won't be able to keep using, got the initial job done tho
the material is kind of thin than I bought from Costco number of years ago.
Washed about three times and the shirt is already starting to lose color.
Didn't care for it. Too many ads
The zoom in was not as good as I expected it to be
Good product, works fine but is WAY overpriced!
Not bad at all. It has an earthy taste and it also works nicely as a facial mask. Some of the chunks are a bit gritty so it's hit or miss.
The game is fun, but I doubt I'll play it that often as I continually have to X out the adds.
Great Products and Just as Described. But the wet wipes were very dry .
This comes with a plastic piece blocking the battery. Not the little clear strip you just pull out like most small electronics/toys. There is no mention of this in the little user manual or on the box. If I had not watched a you tube video about this I would have thrown it away... edit: I have been contacted by the seller offering a replacement, but my unit works fine. I just wanted everyone to know that they ship the unit out with a disabled battery. This is my second unit, the first lasted years when used for occasional hobby work.
This product is just what it was supposed to be. The packaging however was horrible. It was not even taped shut and could have fallen out or been taken very easily
This soup is great if you are hungry. The price is right, the flavor is good. However, it reminds me of Dr. Suess' "Green Eggs and Ham". This is a soup I would eat for lunch at work, but the colors are not super appealing.
I have not tried them yet. Will be using over tax season at work. I like that they are a sleeve and not a sock and the band at the top looks like it will be comfortable and not too tight after 12 hour days. I get a lot of pain in my legs and if these help I will be ordering more.
Paid cheap get cheap
Too perfumey. I like the last Archipelago candle I bought because it smelled so natural and didn't bother my nose, but this one I had to put outside because it made me sneezy.
I don't think they are tall enough. They are super cute though!!
I ordered the Cafe Mocha. The best buy date from my order in August 2019 was for December 2019. My order in October 2019 also has a best buy date of December 2019. What's that about!! I drank one of my older orders and thought it tasted funny and saw that is had a best buy date of a month earlier. You could definitely tell the flavor was off. So, if I can't drink all these by December, I'm sure the flavor will go downhill. An order from earlier this year had a best buy date of March of 2020. Seems like they are trying to dump older stock. The price 6 months ago was also $10 less than it is now. This is becoming a rip off. $10 more for a product that will go bad earlier than the stuff I paid $10 less for.
I like but in a few months can't believe this went up $200
was not packaged at all -- just the case like you would find it in a store with a label
Price-to-Quality I'm quite pleased.
did not come with rail adapter as advertised and no way to contact seller...
Ok, I'm a guy and yes I sew because I actually want my clothes to fit. This was even hard for me to cut. I don't know if I need oil or what. They do the job and are sharp, but just very stiff.
CD was great. However, my item was packaged so poorly that the entire inside of the case was broken and crushed, leaving plastic everywhere. Also, I paid almost $20 for this CD, so I expected it to come in undamaged. I do love the songs, and the CD plays just fine.
Runs too small! Order 3 or 4 sizes bigger.
These pedals work fine, just as dependable as look. However, I had one small inconvenience. I loosened the tension a little too much when I first installed them, but when I tried to increase the tension again, it would not change. So I had to stay with the loose tension pedal.
Decal is not sticking to the wall very well. I have to keep pressing it down almost daily.
Some of . the paints were too thick and hard to paint with.
I recieved the cd, but the mp3 download never loaded so I can't listen to it at the gym. I called customer service and was transferred somewhere else, but I was unable to make my problem understood or the person just didn't care. I'm a little on the peeved side over this.
Pieces. broke off the edges
It's good but little hard to understand to much left to interpretation.
Didn't care for the game. Instructions not clear on how to play.
That soldering gun don't melt anything I bout a weller gun
So, overall, a really strong series. Liked all the characters. Just too many new situations introduced over 6 seasons, many of which never get closed or resolved, they just go away. Word for parents: full of nudity and raw violence. keep the set away from the kids.
Needed to grind the insides in order to hold larger chisels and grind flat on top for holding plane. It only took 10 minutes. See you tube videos on how to mod. The other option is to pay $75 for a better quality guide
I couldn't find a comfortable combination to make these fit my ears. Fell out with a head turn. Never even listened to music through them, so I cannot comment on sound quality. UPDATE: I have to thank Patozon Customer Service, who reached out to me and offered (free of charge!) a different style that fit very well! Great customer service!
Pretty but not practical. Wanted something quick & easy. Probably would work well for families
It didn't stick, fell off the wall after a couple of days. Didn't even have tp on it yet
Not quite as pictured, it's actually really short. Ordered a large for my husband 6'2 and it's a little weird short on myself at 5'7 but really wide. It's useable it just doesn't look long like the one in the picture.
Carabiners are nice but it didn't come with the "bonus" wire key chain.
I used it a couple times and blew one of the gaskets inside that needed replacing. Keep the pressure at or below minimums or it will break
Awesome sleeping bag. The material is a bit stiff but the material sorta breath (doesn't get to hot). I really like the fact that it didn't use the zipper to close, instead it used Velcro. The best part is how compact it is when roll it back up. Bought one as a tester, now I need to get one more for my wife for when we go camping this summer.
The boxes included are not the same size as the standalone plano boxes that look almost exactly the same. No idea why they would do this.
Wrong size but otherwise happy with quality
Very good quality sock, but a little tight. I wear a size 11 and have a medium width foot and purchased this in an XL, so I was expecting more room.
The guy lived in my development and I felt like he took too long to meet the time frame
The gift is for our step father tomorrow so we will see what the actual product looks like out of the box. I do think this is the perfect gift for the handyman who "has everything." My husband and I are so excited to give it to him at tomorrow's dinner!
Purchased as a gift, with no complaints.
In wet weather I have to go considerably slower because these are prone to sliding.
Good price point but to make it complete, it would be nice if the filter had a carbon section or additional carbon option.
I kept this bc im lazy but its the wrong color from what I ordered its more grey
These headphones are ok but are not going to work for my needs. The older style blue/yellow ones fit better and block more noise than these. My ears rang a bit after a ride with either the silicone or foam plugs. The foam plugs fit odd. I could barely get them in far enough and they felt like they worked their way out shortly after. The silicone ones were comfortable and fit snug but only seemed to deaden higher pitch tones. Otherwise most tones were just annoying and became uncomfortable after a short ride. I might buy an old set again. While they didnt last long, ny head didnt hurt after riding with them.
Goes good with other building games
I bought this as a gift for my niece. It arrived well packaged however it still had several scuffs where the paint was chipped off and a decal that is peeling as well as a scuff on the seat. I'm hoping that it works well and isn't as cheap as it appears.
Listed description says 5 years but product received is just over 4 years before expiration date.
Excellent concept, plenty of room and the multi tool bonus. If it only opened on one side would have been outstanding.
I use this to try to take some old paint off so metal and it didn't really work as I wanted to. I use 80 grit flat disc for my grinder and it did the job but I wasn't able to get into some tight spots. Maybe I used it for what it was not intended for, I don't know.
The bottle of product arrived covered in the product...from top to bottom.
Strong bits, but very short - just about 2.2" long. Doesn't offer much after you load it in a drill chuck.
I like the magnet although I get “stuck” on refrigerator/ computer occasionally. I like that it really can't fall off although sometimes it lessens. However o Lu had for few months and the top is all ready chipping off so it looks very cheap happy other then the finish I am now looking for a replacement
These sunglasses were a gift for my partner. He thinks they are the best. Only issue is that I gave them to him on January 1st and now before April the nose piece has detached and falls off. Otherwise these glasses would get 5 stars
This can be a great magazine, unfortunately it seems to follow the TV format which is not so great. Some things ,not read and no thinking or critic involved
For the price you can't complain too much, but I'm already seeing some loose stitching and the leather is paper thin, so I'm not sure how it'll hold up over time. All in all, super average wallet with a decent layout.
This rack will not properly fit Raleigh Venture 2 Step Thru (2018) bike without modifications. The two round rods that attach the front of the rack to the bike are at least 2" short I can make new ones but I should not have to.
The center bubble is not truly centered...
The product is fine, but the color is more pink than the photo suggests.
The USB connector broke after several uses?
The fire tablet does all the things the most expensive pads do at a much lower price.
Would have been better if the quote was correct. It's the God of Tits and Wine.
This is a gift, not sure how it works yet. But came as expected.
They assemble and fit together just fine (we bought 3), but they aren't very heavy, so they tend to let the bikes bend over a lot. Also, when they do bend, they get a little out of the straight shape you put them in and may need to be reworked a little. If there were some mechanism to strap the bottom bars to the floor to keep them from tipping, it would help a lot. Right now, we are considering some sandbags or something to weight the ends.
I was as under the assumption that alcohol free meant no burning. This was as so hot I couldn't do 20 seconds. It tastes fine, and it is functional mouthwash.
Used wrench to loose a hose on old gas pump
Thought these would be better quality. They arent super cheap chinese or anything but you get what you pay for. I break a lot of higher quality bits too anyway might as well get a deal
Bike seems fine, but we are not able to try it out yet because, as delivered, the front tire inner tube was punctured and the bolt that secures the front fender was missing. I have not contacted Amazon yet about the issues, but I am hoping they will supply a tube and the bolt in the near future.
I am a beginner and purchased these color brush pens that have beautiful colors, but they were very difficult to use in making lighter and darker lines in learning how to do calligraphy. It could be that I am a beginner, but some other brands were easier to use for a beginner such as me. They have beautiful colors and perhaps I can use for coloring or give them to my grandchildren.
Washer works good , however not happy with spin dryer !
3 stars because these are not rear brakes as stated in the item description. At least the mount adapter only worked on the front fork of the bike that I got it for.
it worked well for three and half month. But it just stopped working since yesterday no matter how many times I've charged it
No have slip cover... box look poor & look 2nd hand..
Seems like a nice product I have liked it so far
it works but it keeps moving and hitting my foot
Ultimately bought this to complete my Dragon Ball collection but the story-line itself is meh because GT as a whole was meh and would only recommend this if you are trying to complete a collection.
did not fit on my 7 5/8 head, gave them to a friend he likes it especially with the strap to keep it from blowing off when the boat is up to speed
Does the job. Just wish it had Velcro on it or something.
The game is really geared towards younger kids. I had trouble running it in my kindle. I have an older version. But I liked the setup and different levels. Would recommend for younger kids
Does what it was designed to do. Only issue is that in landscape it can be difficult to access controls along the edges of the screen
Moisturizes, but it smells terrible, like dish soap.
Purchased as a gift, but I had watched all 12 episodes on Direct TV. Only 3 discs included, but not all 12 episodes! Where are the 12 episodes in this complete set???????? Unfortunately the replacement also had 3 discs--and incomplete programs!
Shrink-wrapped, seeming intact, but missing the poster!
The clips are fragile. The screws break. Suitable for very light weight installations.
Took this on 1 overnight backpacking trip and i returned it. 1, it makes this trash bag sound all night, if you are like me and move around all night, the sound just adds to the many issues with this bag. 2, I took this on an overnighter on mt wilson in feb, (the weather dropped to about 35 degrees) and I was constantly adding layers and peeling off layers. It was not a good night of sleep. I would reccomend paying a few more bucks and getting a quality sleeping bag. After all when you are on the trail, sleep is VERY important. Don't go cheap on the essentials.
Not terrible, but it's overrated. One problem is it hangs down past the poncho so the liner gets wet. Second, it's VERY difficult to stuff back in the compression sack. You better have some gorilla grips or you won't get it done.
Okay for what you pay for. The bottom is a weird loose fit.
The game was fun. The length was great. But, having no interactive map made me have to use thing button just to know where I was going next.
I used this approx. 3 days a week for a couple months. It gets nice and warm and lasts about 4 hours on the low setting. It did seem to randomly turn off sometimes when I was using it. The charging cable is short, so it dangled from my outlet while charging. Eventually the inner component for the charging cable got pulled out of place so it wouldn't charge any more. Admittedly that's my fault for not finding a different setup to charge it, but it doesn't explain the random shutting off while in use. I will try a different brand next time.
This game is fun but yesterday I updated it and now its asking me to update it again.can't play it please fix it!! Thank you
The fit is comfortable but the quality is poor. After first wear and wash they started to unravel. The loose threads then tied around everything in the laundry. It took a half hour to free the clothes from the tangle.
It would be fantastic, if the plastic body (holder) is of metal to add a little to the tool. Also, the plastic body finishing, its finishing looks more like made in China than in Germany. I owned a similar set of tool made in Japan. Over all quality and finish looks better.
Not a bad product--absolutely NO control of oven temperature! You get ONE temp. I bought a brand new Hamilton Beach oven thermometer--it reads 375 no matter what I do to adjust the propane flow, but the oven's thermometer says 500 degrees (at the lowest gas setting). Not good...
From the photo, this look like large toggle clamps... they are not! They are very small and not very strong.
I bought these for work, however I had to return them because they were not very comfortable. They felt very bulky. I felt like they would hurt rather than help.
The color of the item received was much darker than the photo and I almost returned it. The case seems sturdy and it's comfortable to hold while reading so I decided to keep it.
The bought an XL because I didn't want it to be painted on. I'm normally an M and the XL fits with little wiggle room. It's perfect but FYI if you don't like them super tight. My only other concern is that the description says UPF 50+ but there is zero evidence of it actually being UPF 50+. No external or internal tags outlining this.
Good quality tent. Built solid obviously for military use. But it is short on the height. Could be about 6” taller. Packs up small. Nice vestibule for gear storage.
Seller is excellent. Quick delivery. However, product is not great. The tool and the flex shaft are not very concentric. Vibration is especially pronounced using the flex shaft. It also gets pretty warm after just using it a minute or so. Followed the break-in procedure in the manual, but did not help. I will be returning.
I was hoping it would give me big, billowy curls but really they are pretty flat. Honestly my Hot Tools 1" curling iron is so much better and keeps a hold, if you have one curling iron, have the 1".
When you start out a LOT of fun drawings are loked!!!!!!😨
Disappointing movie, despite terrific Alba!
Very excited to try sunscreens but very disappointed in the appearance of box it was dirty and lipstick looked like it was tampered with so I will not be using 😕
It doesn't have enough power to drive a screw into a wall in any room of my house!
I thought it would come in a sleeve, apprently it doesn't
Does what its supposed to do, but its really laggy
kind of frustrating and slow, my daughter had to keep asking for help and we needed to press hard to get anything activated on my Kindle but it is fun to play!
this are really nice socks Just unfortunetly for me I find that the top of the sock where the elastic is that holds the sock on your leg for me its to tight.
the steel seems to be of good quality however the hole in the center does not go down far enough to mount on a stanley #3 bench plane.
seriously .... does that look gray?? nothing like the color advertised, which was a huge disappointment. not returning them because they're great otherwise, and i bought these for travel that's coming up quick. but a note to astral: might want to check your supply chain folks for color blindness. or your scruples in the event someone bought the wrong fabric. giving the benefit of the doubt this isn't systemic ... guess we'll see what color my son's shoes are when they arrive. whatever happened, you're not delivering as promised.
It's good while working nights, however the clip is not good
This tent was amazing. It was waterproof and it withstood 60 mph winds. My only complaint about this tent is that it is a little small. A twin size air mattress did not fit this tent. I am 5'6” and could not fit along one side end to end. Just me and my dog in the tent but no room for gear. This would be a perfect tent if it were a little larger.
Not bad for the money
They were great to wear around the boat on my cruise. We did a beach day in Cozumel and I walked a lot on concrete. I had seen people walk around the water park in them. Dont do this. By the end of the day I had worn holes in the bottom. :( other than my error they were awesome. Fit great and comfy.
This bag is light and compacts nicely. I live in the Pacific Northwest. Recently I took this bag out into 45 degree sleeping temperatures. I would say this bag is more appropriate for temperature ranges at 50 degrees. I would be cold in a 40 degree temperature.
Bright light and you can zoom in and out. Creates a very large area when zoomed out, but seems to lack the brightness I really wanted. The batteries wouldn't recharge on the first effort. Not happy with that.
Traction is very good unfortunately they are very uncomfortable to wear and actually damaged the toe box on my boots.
Meh, can find better
It serve the purpose but it's a loose fitting.
Nice lightweight tent. Easy to set up. But I think that calling it water resistant is a stretch. It rained during our camping trip and us and our stuff both got soaked.
The helmet is nice but mine came without the head padding so my son can't use it.
they have the wrong picture, i bought them couse it shows a white wall, and when i got them, there all black, not happy with the result.
As expected, this does not make into a blow torch but it does fan out the flame a small amount
Like having a straw for the water bottle The only thing is the straw falls out of the lid.
Really haven't had a chance to use it since the clip-on chucks are to big access (interfere with the rims) the valve stems on my F350 dually. I've ordered a an extended push on chuck which should work. Other than that the quality looks good.
well made but almost no color change to green as expected. occasionally turns milky pale greenish white it is pretty in the purple color so it's not too bad
Seems like a good toothpaste just did not really like the taste would not re-purchase
These are reconstructed rocks. They are hard. More importantly, they stink. I mean STINK! They have been sitting outside since I opened the box. They were originally to be used for an indoor climbing wall for my kids but due to hardness (my kids will be shoeless) and the toxic smell, they won't be in my house. Rather than return and pay shipping, I am holding on to them to use outside one day. Please know the smell is sickening. Even if washed as some reviews state, I'm not keen on the idea of something smelling so bad being in my home and used by my kids.
Hi, I bought these tires on July, but just two weeks ago I already changed on my vehicle, the first week everything ok, in the last one I started to note something weird driving on the highway, It was like a vibration or unbalanced tires spinning, I stopped at the tire store and explained them my problem and ask for make a balance to the tires, after that the technician told me that one of the tires was defective causing a wiggle that make the car run like this. Unfortunately for me, I cannot return the tire cause is more than 30 days already., bad experience for me, I cannot say that Im happy, brand new tire already defective, I have to let you know about this matter, I do not know what happened but is true, I will have to buy a new tire to fix the problem. Thanks.
Easy to inflate and deflate. Not very comfy as I have slept on better air mattresses for a lower price. The headboard is a nice feature so your pillows don't fall off.
This works OK. The I'd of the small side accepts my Rigid hose well but the large side is the same OD as my Sawstop saws dust port. So I used some duct tape to connect them. It also has an abrupt square edge transitions between diameters. But it works.
It has its strong points of be creative and other place it feels lacking. Controls and instructions are basic but not really great. Overall I have not found a reason to love it yet, perhaps because it's still new to me.
First time having this hummus, but I don't like the level of salt in it. It could do with about half of what's currently in it, if not even less. If that were fixed, I believe it would be perfect.
Not too fond of the weight up front. Feels heavy and will drop out of my hand any minute. Good rugged quality though.
Looks really cute! The only downside is that it's kind of uncomfortable/weird if you move your arms above your waist level. The shirt comes with you.
Not really sure if it works like it's supposed to. Had to review it first before I could find out...
At the time of Brian Quest, it does not feel like power yoga, but it is a nice Yoga dvd, anyway.
Well this needed help right out of the box as one of the tab's was MISSING that hold the next pole in place. I was able to repair this as that was easier than trying to return and I need to use it. Well the pruning head would NOT even cut through a 1/2 inch apple branch, but the saw part worked fine. This is a very heavy pruner that does not work well. Ended up using my old fiskers that cut right though the apple branches. Save your money buy something else.
Bought this for my wife, and she did not like it at all. Very ruff, scratchy feeling to it. Extremely thin material. Much smaller than expected. She wears mediums in pretty much everything, but this medium felt like a small on her.
Love Mandy Barnett's voice but this isn't one of her best.
I NEVER HEARD OF HALF OF THESE SONGS
I'm going to be straight forward. I got these for a friend and I for his birthday and I wasn't expecting too much. For the price, a little cheap. I could see these breaking or falling apart in a month or so. Even though it has the look of being able to tighten it, you actually can't. You can either squeeze it over your hand to get on or put it on by opening the one cuff and sliding the other one on and off. Cute, I'll admit! Very lightweight too as I forgot I had it on all day unless I was playing with it. My biggest issue is it being so loose but it's okay! Should be cheaper though. Cute idea!!!
Good replacement for my original. I'd give it five starts except for the fact that this was a replacement for the original that broke.
My daughter loves this case for her kindle. My husband had to cut the charger and volume holes to more accurately fit the tablet. That is why I am giving it 3 stars.
This thing is okay, it will make a tiny divot in metal, not as much as I generally do by hand punching. Maybe better for use in softer metals the action in it isn't great either, I find myself having to kinda wiggle to get the punch action to happen. For the price... well you get what you pay for here.
It made me rate the app before anything but it kinda works if you like it then get it.
It's a very bright light but upon arrival it has something rattling around inside of it which doesn't change the functionality but it does get on my nerves a bit.
Only used a few sheets but seams to be good long lasting paper. The only problem I have with it is the diameter is marginal. I have used many other brands and the diameter has always been a little larger than sander base diameter. This paper is smaller than others.
Don't really care for everything being black and white. This was a gift and i will keep it, but i preferred my Kindle Fire that unfortunately, was destroyed in the Napa wildfires...
Very soft caramels, came right off the wrappers without sticking. Would have been a higher rating except that I deliberately chose the sea salt flavor, and unfortunately the salt didn't come through here. I tasted it in one candy out of my first six, just a hint of salt. Pretty much defeats the point of getting sea salt caramels if there isn't any salt lol. I would have bought the vanilla flavor or the snickerdoodle flavor instead.
It's nothing special just like any other horror movie nothing ever surprises me with movies all r same I wouldn't buy this if I could go back and change it it was just blah
My hat size is a 7 3/8, so I ordered a large...Too Big.. guess I'll make it work with a bandanna sweatband
This was just as it was pictured. Was disappointed that I paid for rush shipping ---it said without it this gift would not arrive in time. And then it arrived even before it was suppose to with the rush shipping. Felt like the extra shipping was just a way for the company to make more money on their "free shipping" items.
Great for camping. A little loud and scary though. I used a friend's before and don't remember it being that loud. The color change indicator doesn't work so that's disapointing. Just have to listen to when I feel the water boils.
I love Fallout. This game is still a buggy mess. I have played it every day since BETA, and I'm having fun, but expect many crashes per session, lots of laggy moments, and some goofy visual bugs.
Flavor is ok but not their best
The product did not come in time it took forever for it to actually ship out but other than that it was good
The puzzles get harder as you progress. The downside is that the App drains my battery
I was asked by the seller to write a review, only if it was positive. So three stars to me is average call it a C letter grade with a D failing so that could be positive. Shipping was great but the issue for me was the burrs on the cutting edges. After honing with some round stones to get rid of the chips and burrs I tried breaking some edges on some holes. I tried one size of them and it seemed to work just fine thats why I didn't return them. Time will tell to see if they last, they should as i use them only in wood. I like quality tools and to me there never should have been burrs on the cutting edges. I would by something else next time although these might turn out to be OK. I'm just thrown off by tools that aren't finished.
THese are yellow. They do clip on nicely, BUT THEY ARE NOT POLARIZED! and are not helpful for glare.
More than half the time it fails to start. Once in the shows play fine. Navigation is ok. Scanning isn't scanning, more like jumping to new point. I am on fiber and other similar apps work fine.
We didnt like this as well as some of the other freeze dried brands.
Not meant for the full figured. Fits small.
Great fun but after string of good wins it just bottoms out, I uninstalled it.
Sadly not any better than the Harbor Freight version at 3-4 times the price, noise level is extremely high.
It's pretty dry and falls apart easily but it is really nice to have the option for my allergic kiddo.
Have to manually push cord. For that kinda money. Should b automatic
shipping takes too long
Size chart does not make sense to me, they require a bit more pressure then I would like, you do get a large range of them though at very small incremental difference. They do work great with the mini tap and die.
Works good but feels like it was refurbished
needs to be stronger
I bought it for exactly what is shown in the photo; welding a tab to a pipe. I don't know if the placement of the magnets were the problem, but the force of the spring over powered the magnets, and the device kept falling off of the pipe. I think the spring tension should be adjustable somehow, or a much longer rod. It's a good idea, but failed in this case.
Ok but my daughter lost interest quickly.
Keeps losing signal, never works
I switched from Tarte mascara to this mascara. Tried one bottle and went back to Tarte.
The color is off. In the picture it looks blue. It is actually gray, black, and brown. The function is great.
I returned them due to the waist being too snug. Order a size larger.
It doesn't stay up long. I have to brace it and there is a hole in the corners that become visible in the pics. The color on the sides are mostly off-white and not white. But I still make it work
Love the color! 💜 Very pretty to look at, as in the picture. I am disappointed with the quality, however. They are pretty thin & lightweight, compared to my trauma shears from other companies. I have actually already bent them from everyday use and hanging from my hip while at work. Definitely need to be sharper & have sturdier metal for the blades.
One rotor was damaged and I discovered it only after installing the first one. The screws are lower quality (rust prone) and require #4 hex wrench. Brake cables created enormous friction and grinding sound. Replacing the housing to a good one solved the problem. To sum it up: a single rotor and the calipers were only usable parts from the all set.
Product leaks around attachment to hose and at various locations on the handle. Good for the price, but it's not a premier tool.
Hard to figure out at first-thought it was broken. Then figured out you have to spell the whole world FROM THE BEGINNING after clues show up in space for the word. MUST BUY CLUES TO PLAY GAME 😕
This pole is for a taller person than I , at 5'4”, and is not adjustable. My preference is for the grip to be at about waist height, where my hand would be if I put my elbow at my side and bent my hand and forearm at a 45 degree angle....you may prefer otherwise....
Cheap, won't be top quality.
Had for a few months and chin strap pas started coming loose. Still works but disappointed in quality
It arrived a day or 2 late, not much of a big deal. What I was a little disappointed about is that it's all hard plastic and there's no remote. The headphones always get stuck in my hair. Other than all this, it runs and works great.
I realize that when you make a forecast you may be wrong,however I watch weather news to see what they think will happen. So far this channel seems very timid in the forecast department. Geez take a chance.
It's the same words in every level.
Might be a good game but it isn't worth my time to figure it out. No tutorial or instruction s, or it wasn't obvious anyway. It just drops you in and expects you to know what to do.
It is nice kick bike for the price but there are a couple of areas to improve. First, the height of the board where the rider stand is a bit high compare to a regular kick board, which means you have to bend your knee more to kick the ground. If you plan to use it for exercise purpose, it is fine but if you want to cruz with a couple of kicks, it will definitely require more power than riding a kick board. Second, the quality of the parts can be better. The kick stand is short and the bike is prone to fall even with slight bump when it is parked. It happened to mine and one of the break levers is broken. I didn't wanted to disassemble it to return after spending a couple of hours to assemble and adjust everything, so ended up ordering a pair of break levers from Amazon for $10. It could have asked the seller to send just the break lever but there was no option to contact the seller with this product order other than refund or return.
The only reason I use it is because of my accountant. Quickbook keeps trying to push me to a monthly subscription. If I could switch I would. For a business with no employees don't use it if possible
Great taste, but came finely grated in to a powder.
Way more attachments than I will ever use. The barrel is also very slippery . Would have preferred some sort of texture on the handle so my hand wouldn't slip. Great for what it is but would choose something else next time due to the lack of texture.
Not expensive, very light. Doesn't open freely.
Little irritating on the neck. It's also difficult to get concrete off of.
These are really cute but not one of them had a tag or even clipped together in some way. I wanted to give them as a gift but when I opened the packaging wrap to see it they looked to be the right size I found they all had no tags just a postcard that said Carter was placed on top. I can't give them as a gift if there's no tags, it makes it looks like I'm regifting clothes. If i was buying them for myself I would have no complaints as they are extremely cute.
Ok but flower came off in a week. I am sure I can try to super glue it back on. Bell itself works fine
Setup was mostly a breeze. I had a hiccup that their tech support handled via the app in no time flat. Visually, the camera is great. The big bright LED for its status is now covered with black tape. Two way audio function is spotty. It would be great to be able to access the camera via a secured page or manner that would support external programs like Blue Iris.
Key is hard to insert and remove, once the lock is on, its hard to turn the key to lock and unlock. The build feels good, and the silicon on the inside protects your paint, hopefully with use the mechanism will get smoother.
They are very nice pants. But I ordered a new pair and was charged full price and I got a pair of used ones. Still they were in very good condition and kept them cause I needed them. But was disappointed still.
Used it for My large Yeti cooler
I tried to plug the charger in for the flashlight, including multiple other similar chargers, the LED on the flashlight doesn't seem to work. I tried to put in a low battery for the flashlight since the battery with the flashlight came in charged, I do see the low batter indicator when I left the flashlight on high, but when I plug it in for a recharge and turned the flashlight off, the green/red indicator doesn't come on...defective or am I missing something? I didn't get the gold usb charging cord that people say we're suppose to get either, did I get ripped off?
Nothing fancy. Casual wear around the house
NCAA March Madness was great for watching Men's Basketball, but it would have been nice to see the Women's games as well. Also, a search feature would be nice.
Had just a few days. Loved the charging abilities but the teeth broke and I haven't even had it a week. It was lying flat
This is a great idea! I could attach it to the fridge for easy reach. However, the juice runs out too fast. It barely lasted an hour before I had to recharge. Back to Amazon it goes.
TOO SALTY! Easy to mix and convenient but won't buy again for health issues. I am astonished that food producers add so much salt; afterall, salt can be added to taste (or to healthy life).
Had to treat it three times and let it dry to protect it from rain. Even my fingerprints were staining it before I treated it. I kinda feel like that should have been done before it was sold. It was practically unusable until treated.
I thought it would perform much better it not such as good as it sounded
Poorly packaged. Leaked out in the box. Never buying this kind of product again from amazon.
Poor quality. Snail slow shipping. Seems thick and sturdy and not as heavy as some reviews stated.
Last about a month. Grip isn't great but good for driving fork lifts.
As a truck driver a need to do pre trips on the truck before driving everyday. I was hoping this would be a little brighter
Do not transport well,spills in packaging.
The headphones are pitiful. The battery does NOT last long at all, but it's ok I guess for the price. You cannot use it without some kind of memory card in it. The controls are a bit confusing. Once you get them figured out, it's ok. It is totally worth what you pay for it I wanted one that was very basic, and that's what I got.
The spike on the back broke off on the first throw
Rips paper, choppy flow on some, not for serious artists, not recommended for glossy adult coloring books. These are for a pre teen or teen who wants a bunch of pretty looking pens but quality doesn't necessarily matter. My biggest gripe is that most of the pens are choppy in ink flow and that the head of the pen dries of ink flow then tears the paper. This has been noted several times in other reviews. I don't recommend this product for adults looking for a decent performing pen. All but one of the pens worked but because of quality concerns, as stated above, I'll get very little use out of these.
Purchased four. One had no charge at all. Didn't use as they were too small to hold up my chest top. There may have been a description that described how large a top these could support, but I didn't see it.
Disappointing given the 20V lithium battery that it uses.
It's a snap to put up but on its third use a strap broke
Is sad that the shipping was so crappy, my item was bent and I cant even use it again. I guess is to order another one.
It's an okay movie with popular Matt Damon, but not a good plot, good representation of a single digit wonder of the world (The Wall) and Matt isn't up to his standard. B Movie with flaws (many)!
Dvds dont play in all dvd players
The are not very sturdy. They are not fabric material it's more of a plastic feel. Feels like they may not last long. I'm hoping they do.
I ordered two backpacks (for me and my husband). After my husband used it a couple of times, the seams on one of the straps got loose and is tearing. Can I find out if there is a warranty on this backpack? The other one is fine.
It is not free if you want us to buy the other lessons.
Haven't had a chance to use them much but did fit my daughter that is 5 years old very nice we've used them very little and have worked well.
The size of these ear rings was much smaller than we expected.
It is a fun word game. It could be better if they added crossword style clues. It is basic, enjoyable, and easy to understand how to play the game.
Backpack was deep, but not wide as I was expecting it to be.
I like the material and it's a snug fit, the only thing that bothers me is that the keychain ring on the side always gets caught when trying to close the airpods! Debating whether or not to keep it but otherwise, it's great.
Great flix for the price
Putting 3 star because when revived the DVD was moving all around in the case this was a present so o had to open it to put the DVD in place not impressed
Great bike, but a few of the accessories arrived broken. Item too bulky to ship back. Needs new reflectors and seat (small tear). Only 2 weeks old
size chart said 7-8 eyelet use 54" I would recommend at least 66 or 72 inch laces for hiking boots. I would have measured but the dog ate the old ones.
I would love to see more of the earlier TV shows that were shown in the early through late 50's. Some fun ones would be December Bride, I married Joan, Oh Susannah, some old Mickey Mouse shows that feature Annette and Spin and Marty. Maybe Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, Father Knows Best, Rawhide, The Lone Ranger.
My package got jacked or shipped to the wrong spot :(
I like these a lot, but a few are fraying after one wash. Great for exercise. Doesn't show lines
I didn't get 20 saw blades. Package came open in box. I found a couple loose in the box but I'm still short 4-5 blades
A little disappointed in sound quality, many of the songs are compressed with little dynamic range and sound flat. I read on the Steve Hoffman forums that the box set is remastered and sounds much much better.....I'm going to purchase the box set and see
Nice product, only draw back is that it doesn't nest level when sitting on top of the shallower yellow version. It would be great, 5 stars, if both version stacked level with each other.
Speech to Text annotations doesn't work on my Amazon Fire. It would save a mess of typing if it had... Oh well....
Knocked off two stars because they hurt my ears after long period of use. Also, not enough protection for indoor range noise.
Not to bad. Could use some more guns.
container was leaking when I opened it!
The product is what I ordered/expected, but the bottle was covered in shampoo when I got it, and the pump top was broken.
I love the product! It really keeps my hair vibrant but makes my scalp alittle dry and itchy. Plus the price is steep on Amazon, my hairdresser got me 2 bottles of the same size for half the price of this.
Keyboard doesn't work. Good case though.
This is a great game to play
I've always liked LG quality. Sadly this unit does not have HDMI or USB connectors and my HDTV doesn't have RCA Phono jacks. If you need this, this isn't the unit for you. I ended up getting an adapter which didn't do anything for the picture quality. It is no longer HD quality. I don't mean 4K UHD, I mean it is not HD. More like old fashioned TV like they had in the 70s.
Looks pretty. If you are looking for a great HiFi sound. These don't have it. The grooves are extremely shallow and you can hear a lot of static and volume changes. Have tried on several record players all with the same effect. Now if you are looking for the straight novelty of it. This is for you.
the tip comes loose and falls out It eventually pushed the spring out and was lost.
The drivers are poor quality
Maybe it's just the one I received but if I squeeze then release the handle normally it doesn't take a full bite the next time and I don't get a full pull on the next squeeze. I have to release quickly so the handle snaps forward. Once I figured out the trick it works fine but it's irritating. I use this a lot, a number of times a week. Everything else about it is great.
The science just doesn't back up how this is better than a peptide serum. Been using for years but honestly nothing spectacular. I notice more with Paula's choice peptide booster but maybe my skin is used to bio serum. It also burns the heck out of the eyeballs if you sweat.
I played Minecraft for 2 years and yesterday I tried playing Minecraft but it kept crashing and it won't let me play :(
If you are in a pitch black cave, this candle lantern will provide you with some semblance of light. If you are using it to keep your tent less humid, I could potentially see this working.
Cute, but way to small. Bought 3-6 months for my 4 month old grandbaby.
This product stays on all day. It will come off overnight or if you vigorously rub your brows. It is easy to apply with a brow brush and will last a long time. It's a great buy! But! Make sure you know what color you need before buying, it's hard to tell what the colors look like when buying online. For example, the blonde color is actually very dark and will not work for many natural blondes.
Not as good as the rest of the series but a good effort went into it.
These are really nice, very well made, and far prettier, but I found that a pair of small channellocks works better.
Good tv for the price but came with a screw broken off in one of the base mounting holes. Just decided to take the risk and set it up with that screw not secured, since I couldn't seem to get the broken screw out of the hole.
Good read out. A bit flimsy.
OK for the price .Far others sleep on it
So far they work ok, although the light is not very bright. Next time I will buy a flashlight that has a brighter light to it.
I wish they had better quality of their classic films. Although there's a large selection they are grainy or shaky.
Coffee was average. I prefer fresh roasted and less time on the shelf.
Not as nice as what I've seen. I bought it as a bday gift for my daughter and she isn't crazy about this one compared to what her friends have.
not sure if they received them they moved befor they got there
Nice looking bag smaller than appears in picture
3 stars just for being cheap as chips saddle bags. The most annoying thing about them is the D rings aren't big enough to push the straps through. The strap ends are folded over to prevent unraveling and as a result they are too big to go through the rings easily. The canvas seems to be of good quality and the workmanship looks good otherwise. The two D rings on the back made installation easy. They look good when they are full and look terrible empty so I made a stiff plastic liner box to help them keep their shape when empty.
Got it for layovers, haven't tried it yet
Expected them to be looser
The boxer briefs are better.
Not impressed at all with this box. I can never tell what channel I'm on. There is no guide. Picture is always buffering. Very frustrating.
Just links you to YouTube, but a neat aid.
the cable to hook up with the phone or else is way to easy to lose which i have already ...
I take a size 13. These were listed as size 13 but did not fit me at all - my toes were jammed into the front of the boot. Returning it. Too bad, since it looks like they would have worked and the price was decent.
The flashlight is great but I have lost too pocket clips in the short time I have owed the light.
Not what I expected. I was looking for more professional information and got mostly beginners writing tips. OK but not my cup of tea,
The jacket is wonderful but I was surprise that the size I chose ended up being a bit small. I chose the largest size seeing it was a male jacket, on the package it says 5xl but it feels like a M. I am a tad bit disappointed
Definitly should come with the frame shown, but doesn't
I've had both styles of Dremel Cordless Rotary Tools, (mini mite and this 1). Both got a max of a cpl years of intermittent use. The batteries die even faster, and/or the chargers do the exact same thing. I'm now looking for a corded Dremel. To hopefully avoid having re-buy one, every 12-24 mos.!
I didn't particularly like this, may just be me. It also had a short lifetime after opening:?
Whoever thinks this edition is better than the 2015 Blu-ray version needs his eyesight checked! It most certainly is not!
Bigger than I expected. Works better if you plug it in down ward. Almost too heavy to stay plugged in if plugged in facing upward.
We keep these as mixers for cocktails since they add flavor, sweetness and fizz with fewer calories than agave nectar and have natural stevia. We refrigerate the half-used cans and use them when we don't want a little fizz. Very expensive though, or we would have given them 5 Stars.
Not the greatest quality, jammed up first time out. Was able to get it unjammed but don't think it will last.
brim could be wider for better protection
Like the ease of use but it took up space i needed on phone. So i uninstalled. Just needed a place to see pics to edit easy, this was a lil much.
Lasted only 2 track meets, but was great when it worked.
Product came in good condition. Very short , missing a few torque set screws but easy remedied from a hardware store.
Needs directions , seemed to work ok but ended up using my finger, might have just been me.
The product works in charges the battery as labeled the only big big downfall and then I really do not like is that the motor does not have a built-in fan to keep it from overheating and also overheating your battery so that being said you really have to pay attention when the battery is done charging complete also doesn't have a time whatsoever therefore I'm giving this product a very low rating they need to switch up those things in order to get a five star
WAS NOT IMPRESSED WITH THIS WESTERN.
haven't found what to use these for.
Really great fun to play
I desperately wanted a counter-top ice maker that would have available ice cubes since my automatic ice maker in my fridge can't always keep up with demand. If you are ready to use the ice immediately it works great. My home's temperature was within the specified allowance and still the ice would begin melting just minutes after it was dropped into the tray. The actual machine was also a little too big for my counter space. Great idea though.
Came quickly and do the job. Would've been nice to have some kind of case for them to come in but overall do what they are made for
I bought this as a lightning deal for $10 off, which made the price more palatable. It is very well built and fairly bright, but it's not the world's brightest. I compared it to my Anker 900 lumen light and it's definitely brighter than that. I then compared it to my Anker 1300 lumen flashlight and the Anker was at least as bright, it not a tad brighter. I ended up returning it solely because it wasn't as bright as I wanted. Perhaps the Anker 1300 lumen unit is actually brighter than it's 1300 listed rating. Who knows, but no reason to have two flashlights of the same brightness.
Better ones out there
Brush sometimes tangled hair but if u are careful, not a problem. Great looking hit every time. 4 stars given on its durability- bottom wire fell apart in less than a year!
The installer works well enough & is of high quality. Was disappointed it included the same cheap puller that are a dime a dozen. Doesnt this style puller come in quality?🤨
Works great but very small tank so have a refill close by and fill before every outing.
NOT AS GOOD AS EXPECTED REGULAR TV WAS BETTER
Hard to open when it's ratcheted closed
Full disclosure: This is my very first road bike, so I don't have a good frame of reference for comparison. Thus far, I'm less than impressed with the bike, although that could be on me. Looks: This bike does look very nice and seems to be decently well made, especially for the price. Unfortunately, it wasn't packed as carefully as it could have been and the wheel frames arrived scratched up. Assembly: Made way more complicated than it needed to be by the giant instruction book, only a small part of which applied to this bike (but as a super fun game, you have to figure out which parts apply). It was actually only a few simple steps to put the bike together but I'm not sure if I put it together correctly. Riding: Something just feels off as I ride it. It could be poor assembly on my part (see above), that I'm not used to riding a road bike (also see above), or maybe it's the bike itself. I've taken it out about 10 times thus far and I'm still not sure. I've named it Death Trap to reflect my confidence in my ability to stay alive on it (here's hoping the bike helmet I purchased from Amazon.com is as good as its reviews suggest). Summation: Good price, looks nice, may cause fear of great bodily harm (but maybe not if you're a better rider than me).
I haven't played long enough to know for certain.
Very nice card for my granddaughter.
If you own a home - get the deluxe addition. Don't waste money on basic edition as the upgrade to deluxe is $30 through turbo tax!!!!
Did not like the game, since you could not select a layout, like other versions.
Well the wheels are great, but my order was one short of a set of 4. Didn't open the package until today to put on my work table I just built. Imagine my frustration with only 3 wheels. I had to go out and buy a mismatched one. It would be awesome if you would send the missing one!
I ordered the 7 pack of slim bands with 3 frames and received them today. The bands are great but I did not receive the frames that were supposed to be included. I haven't tried wearing them yet because I have reached out to the seller to see if they can ship me the frames or if I need to return the product.
Works great except screen is not back-lit.
It does what I need, but it costs to much.
For what I paid, you can't go wrong. Sharp blade, comfortable handle, love the shape of the blade. The only think I think was odd is the handle is only sage and textured on one side, the other side is flat plain steel. I must have missed that in the description.
I just like that I was able to view my dramas. But wasn't able view recent release dramas
Our horse has summer sores and I'm trying to keep the flies from the sores. Apparently his sores itch and he ripped the boots to shreds the first few hours. I'm giving it 3 stars only because I feel it's not totally the boots fault. Next time I will use the pepper spray on the boots to keep him from biting and tearing the boots off.
This is more of a drama than sci-fi in my opinion. Interesting plot but it spent too much time going back and forth from different times in the characters lives. I began to lose interest and went to work on my puzzle while watching the end
the product is good quality, however it is not as nice and good to use as one with a strap, I have had this for a couple weeks now so I can feel good about leaving a review, I did not notice that it didn't have a strap on it. Otherwise I would not have ordered it. But like I said it is well made and will standup to usage.
Good for the money but seems pretty cheap
These were nice but too large.
A little awkward, but it got the job done.
These are basically disposable. I commute by bike 18 miles a day and these are destroyed after a few months. They DO keep my feet warm in the winter but don't last long with heavy use.
A little disappointed on how my packages have been arriving lately. Second time my package came with a large hole in the box. Otherwise a good product
It was ok but one piece was crooked.
The packaging had weird blue stuff on it but the shorts werent damaged. They are good not great
Very sturdy bike holder and very easy to install. I had one of these in the past and it worked great so I decided to get another one. Here's the problem I have. The lock mechanism doesn't work. Because I can't lock the bar in place I'm always at risk of theft of the whole system. The first time I put it in my truck it locked fine the took some real fiddling to unlock. Since that one time I haven't been able to lock it in place. If I had a good replacement this would really be 5 stars.
Really nice lamp, powerful and really small. As you could expect for such small lamp battery won't last a lot but is nice is rechargeable. A big drawback for me is that black coating gets damaged fairly easy.
This is a get-what-you-pay-for item. You get a lot of compasses for a little money. But they are not very high quality. Usually they sort of shoe the approximately correct direction. We used for a beginner lesson with kids so they were ok. Anything more advanced than that and I would get something else.
I have stretched them out as far as they will go. I am a female with an average size head (I think!) They will not stretch from ear to ear over my head so have to use them behind my hair around my neck. They seem warm if they would fit properly.
Not the quality that I expect from Sony. I wouldn't recommend this product. Buy a Bose.
First time I ordered it didn't come. Got a refund and reorded no problem with shipping the second time.
Device is good but the given platform is too small for keeping larger ipads. Though it is good for all kind of mobiles large or small.
I will start out by saying these chisels are a good value buy, but don't have top high expectations. They did not need too much tuning out the box and when using them for small joinery projects and small mortise and tendons they worked great. They held their edge and I was a happy camper. Then I decided to turn it up a notch and build a new split to workbench with some large mortise and tendon joinery. This bench was made out of southern yellow pine and those poor chisels struggled. The 1" chisel held out the longest but that edge was gone before I could finish my first mortise. The 1/2" chisel's edge practically disintegrated after 5 strikes with the mallet. I finished the project, but suffered multiple chisel casualties. I don't know how they would perform with hardwood if it struggled with pine. I do not regret my purchase, and I wont be doing another project as large as my workbench for a while. For all my smaller projects these will be my go to chisels when they are released from St. Chisel Memorial Hospital.
Light not bright at all
This isn't bad, though I prefer a coffee with a more bold flavor. Next time, I'll probably stick to my old go-to blend.
I loved the bag itself but sadly when the package arrived the bear was missing an eye. Otherwise I like this bag quite a bit.
I Gave it another chance, but still wasn't happy about the product. Size s was way too small, but size m was way too big!! However the material was thick and good quality!!
Content is okay, not for me. But music centric
smaller than expected
One of my packages is just full of air.
Came mostly crushed.
I like most features in this.
keeps the kids happy
The audio was difficult to hear. Headphones help but that doesn't work in a group environment.
This is not for the 6 person tent. They look the same. So much information on this page about all the tents so be careful you don't get the wrong size
everything is ok except its hard to wear inside your shoes. im waiting the refund since i returned the product on Oct 1 2019 and today is oct 14, 2019, i dont received any money from my account.
The mask is pretty stiff, and therefore uncomfortable on my face. The main issue was the mask under the nose - it was so big and stiff it really dug into my lip. Decided to return before I tested it in the water.
I loved this game for 400 levels. Then problems began. I frequently lose stars, money and get kicked out of game. Not loving it much now.
Super lightweight but ultimately kept me warm. Was surprised overall. Don't let the pillows fool you I couldn't let my lil dog usr them they're so small... Not a selling point for sure there
These are decent lights to keep around the house or in the car. They aren't super high quality, one of mine the rubber cover over the on/off switch was installed wrong and it makes it hard to operate the light. I don't think they are really 300 lumens either. I have a 300 lumen light that I compared it to and these are a lot dimmer. Good cheap flashlight.
Labels turned out okay. Not the best but they did the job.
It was fun had cool graphics but way too short.
Not happy at all with the elastic around the top, it appears already stretched out and weak. The material is very thin and I will use them for under my work out clothes, but I don't expect them to last long.
Get to try it out in the next couple of weeks, first impression after setting it up. Really nice, pity the poles are STEEL, just too heavy and I will use our fiberglass ones.
Dull blade. The handle is square and uncomfortable. The sheath has a loop not a clip, which I prefer. It seems sturdy just not sharp or nice to handle.
I'm not one for movie's like this, but my husband ask me to search and order it. 1&2 were okay, as for 3 mostly talking and flashback's. The scene's are very brutal, but worth watching.
I like it... it mostly does the job.. but even with the stakes.. it blows in a bit more then i like or it should. Also folding it back up is real annoying and not even close to as user friendly as they say. Its do able but if you are by yourself with kids, an unbrella is way easier and faster. The set up in the beginning is awesome how it just flips out so quick. Also a bit smaller then it looks but you can fit yourself and 2 kids comfortably. My friend has a similar one that is the same price, bigger and slightly less of a hassle to close.
I have enjoyed this until recently. I don't buy or use extras Recently it does not refresh lives in a reasonable time. There are times I play in the evening and twelve hours later it still tells me I have an hour before I will have one life. .
Boots were made good. But unable to insert my shoes into boot due to swollen foot and high instep .
Handy size, heavier than expected. I wouldn't use strap to put on handle or frame--tools would fall out with velcro flap. Tools don't all fit in the case. Feels greasy in your hand. Tools don't stay still when you're using one. Already began stripping an alan wrench mounting a bike lock holder. Cheap set that works all right.
A bit of a let down. It's the same old bell that Indian cycles have had forever. However after electronic bells came in, these suddenly vanished from the market. I love this bell but at this price I expected that the internals will be brass too which it is not. Glad to have it though. Initially I was worried that someone would steal it from my bike but no one is interested. It even sounds the same like the old steel-chrome plated bells which were standard when I was a kid. Once the brass tarnishes, no one will even notice it.
HOW IN THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHETHER OR NOT I LIKE IT WHEN I HAVE NOT USED IT...........................YET???
I used the standard stick to cut glitter card stock. I was able to cut 3 pages before nothing was able to stick anymore. Three times and that's it! I figured okay let me try the strong one, even bigger mistake. I've used this brand before so I am not sure what happened to the products but I wont be buying or suggesting to my groups anymore.
Hood doesn't stay up well
I quite like this movie, especially as I've been enjoying small cast movies lately. Ordered a version blu-ray plus digital, but it did not have digital when it came (at least not listed on the outside), so we sent it back in shrink. Digital is always marked on the outside, so if it has it and it's not marked, that's a problem too.
Campaign was great, wish it was longer. Multiplayer seems to be more of the same.
Very nice at first, but only maintains very sharp edge for half the time of more expensive blades
The screen is fine, the size is good too. When you try to put a DVD in, you have to push on the button quite a few times before the darn thing will even open up. Pushing the play button to play all is a crap shot. It will either mute the show, start to fast forward or bring up a screen that wants you to pick the medium that you are trying play. Sometimes, if the moon and stars align correctly you get it on the first try. I would not purchase this item again.
No directions come with pads, so had to find a couple You Tube videos to figure out installation, but wasn't too hard. Back brake is now working well. However front brake continues to squeak, even after three weeks of use. Very annoying.
It just another boring base building game with boreing action and if you like base builders then you should download it. But it's just boring to me and I feel like they could have done something new and different. That's all
This is just ok, but I need more moisturizing.
Has all the card games I play, but does not auto-finish when ypu have obviously won.
I own 4 of these, so I can attest it's not one faulty unit. In theory the detectors work great when they notify via email, but the trouble is occasionally they go offline without notice and don't seem to be able to reconnect to our wifi network. Once this happens they can't communicate via email if there's a leak, a problem linking to the server or if the battery is low. This communication has happened repeatedly with our devices and in at least two cases the battery died shortly after installation (without providing a low battery notification). This kind of defeats the purpose of owning one of these not so inexpensive devices. As a side note, the firmware has been updated with all 4 units.
Bought this after doing extensive research and review. After about a week, the hot tub started losing air. It now needs to be re-blown up every day. If it is left for two days it completely caves in and subsequently loses water. I got in touch with the company before the 60 day warranty expired and they only offered me a $50 credit for this issue, rather than agreeing to send me a new tub. Everything else works great but to sit in the tub and watch it start to cave in is just embarrassing and not worth the money!! ALSO this product did not come with the air pressure gauge that it advertises. The tub takes about 24 hours to heat up, so it definitely has to be planned ahead of time.
I read a negative review that said it does not magnetize very well if you have to move or your working. I should have listened. I mount TV's. Screws and drill bits FLYING off the wristband everywhere while your working turns out to be worse then climbing up and down my ladder to my pile of equipment. I wonder if there is something stronger than this...
Easy assembly less then 2 hours. Solid frame..does not move. Wish the holes for the bench dogs were predrilled though.
Got it, it works. but the mouth of it is smaller than I thought it would be. Even with my 30oz filled, I have to raise it almost upright to get any water out.
The handle is more less just decorative. Useless for using. Dent on front of fridge.
My girls were so excited when we got these. The screen sizes are great and we love the screen share function. What we don't like is that they are loud. The machine whirring can drive one batty since they are affixed to the front headrest! They also take a long time to start playing. The girls were convinced they were broken the 3rd time we used them (we only use for roadtrips). Eventually, one came on, but the other took several more minutes. We should probably return them to see if that is a defect or just they way they are, but it may be too late since we ordered them a few months ago. Also, the remote is not intuitive. The youngest has given up trying to figure it out, so luckily some basic functions are possible with the controls on the device.
It works well, but it could be a little plusher... it mounts with Velcro which is nice
Overall decent tool pouch. Light weight and compact. Downside is, the threads sewn inside to create tool divider have ripped apart and now allow linesman pliers to fall out through the bottom. 3 months in and need a new one.
I'm not sure about long term use as the tubing is quite thin, but it works and the exit mount (spout) is of decent quality. Good clamps as well, they just need to use thicker tubing for the long term use it's intended for.
Not a bad game. Bonus money could be more. Some of the games are a little childish
Works good but it is still work!! LOL
After measuring myself, I ordered the largest socks you sell. I could hardly get them on my foot. So I have returned them. Is it possible I didn't order the largest sock you sell? The many colors are fun and I wish I could wear them.
ok very small but works good
Cd is scratched, case is cracked. Whatever as long as it works I guess
Charged batteries when they came. One didn't do half my yard and died. The second one did even less. Charging again to see what happens. Disappointed
A bit on the large size but cool hat
Didn't get to use it, it was delivered this way. Had to get it replaced.
Sand paper doesn't last long even as slower speeds the glue seems to melt and the belt comes apart at the seams
I do really like it however the anchor always ends up in the middle of my neck and not to the side
Shirt unravels if you was on harsh settings
Assembly was dificult - instructions were NOT for the bike we received, tools sent did not fit. Total nightmare. We ended up paying a bike shop to assemble!
I have this hat and really like it for the sun protection, however the rim got bent and we cant seem to get it straightened. It looks dorky with a kinked rim...
This is easy to inflate, but hard to plug up! I can't tell you how many times I loss air trying to plug this up!!!
The CD case was broken but the CD is fine.
only one I could find that would fit nalgene wide mouth bottles. Works well with mighty mount on my yak and I use the holes for tethering.
Not bad granddaughter liked it, I didn't.
Amazon asks for reviews much too early to get meaningful responses.
Works OK but eats batteries.
Directions not clear but fun
I recently downloaded the Nick for Fire TV app. Was looking forward to viewing some of my favorite Nick programs with the kids. However, I was quickly disappointed because it keeps asking for me to sign in to my cable provider every-time that I open the app and click a program. However, there are always a few free to watch programs that do not need a sign on to a cable provider. Those free programs make downloading the application worthwhile. Still, I must say that the free to watch programs are riddled with a lot of commercials. So, take note of that.
Would be great if there was some instruction. Also no soft mallet to actually close back of the watch after you replace the battery
Not as pictured. Very muddy and dark. All the vibrant blues in the picture are lost in browns. I will have to touch up with other colors for the look of the picture. Also the paint is very does not cover in one coat which makes the dark blues short on paint.
Heavy system to jog with
I liked the value but not sure how strong the scent is. Haven't used so don't know if they live up to their 24 hour
I was really excited for this knife. I have bought several Eafengrow /CH knives in the past and for the most part really liked them. Unfortunately I didn't really care for this one. First off The BAD: it's very heavy. Milling on the liners and less thickness on the scales would have helped immensely. The scales are well done but, very thick and round. While the action on this knife is very smooth, the detent on this particular one was very weak and the knife can be gravity flipped easily. I tried cranking down the pivot but it didn't seem to help. The clip is ridiculous. It looks like a giant wishbone and it attaches to the rear on barrel standoffs and it creates a pretty noticeable hot spot if you grip the knife with some pressure. That Rainbow Lanyard...well at least it comes off easily. The GOOD: Well built. This thing is a tank and it feels extremely solid in the hand. The blade came out razor sharp and if I had to guess, is genuine D2. The action is extremely smooth on what I do believe are caged bearings. Primarily what seems to be a thumb flipper works well, and you also can snap it open with your finger with just a little difficulty. All in all I decided to return this one as it would probably just end up as another knife in a drawer for me personally. If it was a little lighter with thinner scales and a stronger detent this would definitely be a real keeper.
Good besides whatever they coat it with and the case is ridiculously poor quality.
Gave a nice tan look but I ended up with an allergic contact dermatitis from it, unfortunately.. It didn't happen the first time I used it, but I reapplied again on Day 4 (yesterday).. went to bed, woke up this morning fine and I just got home from work to notice a million tiny pink bumps all over my arms and all over the insides of my upper legs and it itches terribly.. Such a shame because I really like this stuff too..
The software is okay, but not as good as older versions.
Sounded nice, but the left ear bud stopped working a few day after purchase
Amazon review says, If you like Dockers Classic fit D3 then you'll like Amazon Essentials. I will say the are somewhat like the D3 but they do not quite sit on your waist like the Dockers D3 so.
I ordered a black and got navy blue. Other than that it's a nice sturdy cup
The remote isn't functioning properly... I'm currently debating whether or not to return
ONLY ONE OF THESE WOULD FIT IN, THE OTHER WAS TO LARGE SO I COULDN'T USE THEM
Hard to put up , but very cute .
The outer fabric is peeling just from daily wear. Other than that I love it. My ankle is too big for the band that came with my FitBit Flex 2, so I had to go with fabric ones. If the fabric wasn't peeling already this would have gotten 5 stars.
Frankly, for how much this device costs, I was expecting better. My main gripe is that the screen flickers as you navigate. The technology simply feels antiquated. It is reminiscent of a '90s Game Boy console. That said, I do enjoy the long battery life and glare-free screen.
Prime video is okay to use, it has a few good movies here and there that are decent to watch. There's not a huge selection of free movies that come with Amazon video, so they can all be watched very quickly. This is a huge disappointment. The app also is quite difficult to use and doesn't work nearly as good as say Hulu or Netflix, however the one benefit that Prime has is that you can get other movies from Starz or HBO Etc and that is a nice bonus, but you have to subscribe for those extra channels. And that is where Amazon video and I part ways. I'm already paying for a Prime Membership and I certainly don't want to have to pay for more channels, as it can add up very quickly at between 8 and $12 each. However I have some friends that do pay for those extra channels and they couldn't be happier, it's nice to have the option if needed, it just doesn't suit my needs.
I was hoping I could get Covenant with it-could not find that...for the price it's worth it
I have long been a Mason Pearson fan, high quality at an equally high price, so I was excited to get this one. However, my hair has thinned through the years and now the bristles "massage" my scalp like needles. I felt like I was about to have rows of blood gushing from my head! I am too old for this brush -- I gave the brush to my daughter who has very thick hair and she loves it!
It didn't look like I thought it would when I put it on the sweater I wanted it for. I appreciated you having it here on time, and also checking to see if I received it. Thank you.
It gets the job done but not a high quality setup
The game is okay..I guess..
It is too clunky and large for what I needed, might be fantastic otherwise, but I needed it for a tight space and this is just too large for my expectations.
Can't take extreme pressure. The metal button that affixes the jaw that doesn't have the trigger will break. Good for simple use.
Some of the episodes don't match up with what's listed in the cover and one of the episodes is on there twice.
Frustrating that you can't pull up the barcode from your phone. Who prints things anymore?!!?! The cashier was a little confused, but eventually figured it out. And, if you don't use the full balance, they don't put the rest on the card - you have to keep the paper you printed to use it again. Otherwise, it worked fine.
They are just OK, nothing to special, keep hands warm above 30 degrees, limited mobility, too t
It's bright, but if you need good lighting for doing your makeup, it's not bright enough. It's also quite small. I ended up buying another, had the same problem, then switched to the bulbs instead which are much much brighter. This however is easy to put together and sleek. If you get like 4 you might have enough lighting.
Good idea, quite functional but the color faded in the sun very quickly and the umbrella looks ugly
Ok entertainment. Sort of dated,but except for some cleavage it's pretty clean. We'll rewatch sometime.
This is ok but I perfer the pictures that have the numbers to match the colors
Ok game....don't care for using diamonds to upgrade everything, but only get to get diamonds when watching a video.
As described... A little pricey and don't really like the plastic screws in them.
They're well made. But way too broad to fit me correctly in the shoulders. Great for maybe bigger or bodybuilding sized fellas. Lol
Like the idea but one of the clips isn't tight so slips down the score board and had to buy our own stakes to keep them in the ground.
Great helmet but not suitable to mount GoPro
The lock itself is perfect for my needs, but the mounting bracket is a true disappointment. I had to tighten the mounting screw on every ride, and it is absolutely annoying. In this price range this problem should to eliminated. Now i have to use an extra velcro strap to fix the wobble and keep the lock in the desired position.
The olive oil was fine but too expensive to purchase again. I can get much cheaper olive oil at Aldi. I docked another star because Amazon kept hassling me to review this product over and over again. Happy amazon?
I had high hopes for this product after seeing the price and all the good reviews, but unfortunately, the gloves I got did not last a month. They held up ok for about 2.5 weeks, but then holes started appearing. I hate to give a black mark, but the gloves- while comfortable and great fitting- fell short on durability which is the one aspect that I had the highest hopes for.
I tested it a few times and am very happy with this product, but very disappointed in there advertisement of it. it said you get two pots and a spork and all I got was this pot, will keep the pot but will never order from this company again and it took forever to get because it wasn't prime. I should now better not to order if it's not prime.
Did not use long enough to give accurate review
not sure about its capability
I like the design and feel of the glasses. I am not sure I will be able to use them because of the tint.
Not my favorite curler, it does the job but it's nothing special. I have thick hair so it takes quite a while to create a good curl, would probably be better for thinner hair. Wouldn't suggest buying if you have thick hair.
Dis-jointed. Plot does not flow well.
Case is ok, however when using speaker phone the sound is muffled.
Bike is very nice styling but had a problem with forward derailer left-hand side of handlebar broke immediately bike was returned replacement bike also broke immediately. Bike was still worth keeping and replace the defective forward gear selector again still happy with the bicycle, and glad I repaired the problem
Great price but MISTAKE! I have a 16 yr old daughter! I meant to get Woman's Day or something! THIS is WAY too sexual and frankly filled W ridiculous articles!
Actually returned because I couldn't fill this - even with a fan.
It was delivered quickly. But the package was damaged and the product was crumbled in chunks and fell out of the container. I contacted Amazon and within the day a replacement was sent out. I am still waiting to receive it to try it out.
camera does not work hard to get amazon to call back or let me return
Only 60% cotton, not 100% as advertised.
Tubes are very thin. Good thing for a beginner that we got two for one tire change. Did the job, however.
Received everything packaged nice the heat press pad looks like if I don't handle with over care it can easily tear will post another review after I actually put all the pieces together and use it.
Says that it is good to use in the US but they are universal discs and do not work on any of our devices.
Product showed being delivered in a box and when I purchased this I was under the impression that the earrings were with it bc that's how prime showed the deal (earrings included) the Sterling silver chain is nice but I'm not even sure the two charms on it are silver and now afraid of showering with necklace on
You really have to use it sparingly, very sweet!
the pads are a great deal but they arent designed the same as other big brands. at least it comes with a tool. the pads are symmetrical, so you could change one at a time, but supposedly there is an advantage to having the leading edge shorter than the trailing.
It smells bad after you've worn it I. The sun for a bit.
I bought this a little over three months ago, and while I thought it was a good bag up until now, the bag's strap snapped as I picked it up while leaving the gym. I'd recommend this bag if you need something on the cheaper side but I'm not sure if just my bag is like this or if this is routine.
works ok, but doesnt hold the bit as well as I had hoped
I didn't read product description I did not realize it had spandex in it I would have sent it back but a family member put in the wash.
Reminded me of old tv western. Fun to see the gun fights where nobody gets killed. A fun spoof.
These were OK burgers, VERY VERY greasy. My grill will now need to go through a deeper clean than usual, I only cooked 6 of them and they produced so much fat/grease on the grill (in the trough) that I need to deep clean it already, usually doesn't need it until later in the summer. I make burgers all the time and I'm not sure these lived up to the hype.
Didn't like very much
Typical casino cheaters
3 stars for value. You get 10 cutting wheels. I used them for cutting stone and the worked great. The wheels don't last too long but what can you expect when cutting rock. I was ready to give it 5 stars when i began cutting. The wheels are very effective at cutting stone. However, both arbors stripped before before i could use more than 3 wheels. I ended up using a dremel brand arbor and continued to use the wheels. From there on out all was good. For the price you can't beat em but be careful tightening the wheels to the arbor or just use another arbor.
Well, what can I say about this movie. As always, it is beautifully animated and has an interesting story...that is, if you don't mind something a little on the dark side like prey vs. predator as well as the politically correct B.S. I've heard countless people complain about this (like the infamous 'only rabbits can call other rabbits cute' crap, and I know darn well what that alludes to). The bottom line is, this is the movie that despite the extreme work that went into it, the creators must have been on dope because that's what it comes across as. In fact, I no longer like anything by Disney because of this movie, because it represents an extreme departure from what Disney normally does (I didn't like the ketchup scene representing blood either at the start of the movie - even though it was only ketchup, I still felt it repugnant and vastly inappropriate for younger viewers). It's almost as if this movie was made by a completely different animation company. I won't be buying any more Disney movies.
Cord works great. It just took too long to arrive. Very slow shipping
Quite a bit bulkier than I was expecting definitely durable not bad to write with but it does feel larger in your hand
Despite the indication it's like Makita charger, as in you can change the "done charging tone", this is not the case. Instructions are given how to change this, any of us that have owned a Makita charger know how to do this. But despite trying several times with both dead and charged batteries, you cannot change this. Not a big deal, but its the principal behind it.
Personally I bought these to be able to use my phone while wearing the gloves - that did not work at all, maybe 5% of the time. The finger tip sections would not activate, only on some odd positions. I spent most of my time taking the gloves off to be able to use my phone. Regardless, they are still a functional set of gloves that can be used in cold weather so can't be mad at that
If you like Jewel you'll like the movie.I love Jewel But didn't like the movie.Just kidding ,thought the movie was actually pretty good.
A little confusing to program, but functions fine. Can't speak to the altimeter functions or the underwater mode because I have no idea what that is. It's kind of cute. It has a lot of timers.
Ordered wrong, my fault, Read description before you buy
the spot where the test leads go broke. after the warranty is up. Next time I will get the protection plan. lol
Worked great for the first few hikes, but now less than a month in I find a leak in the bottom of the hose near the pouch! I don't know how to fix it and I really enjoyed having this pack while I was able to use it.
Make sure they will fit your bike.. they didn't fit my bike. Too much of a hassle to return.. taking my bike to the bike shop and let the professionals put fenders on.
Not the best quality but it does the job in protecting my amazon Fire 7. The stand part of it is tough to get it to stay put but it works well enough for the price.
Saw works okay for small parts. have to feed the blade very slowly into the material as it is underpowered. Also it is almost impossible to see where to clamp the material to line up with the blade unless you have a light source shining from the side of the machine.
Have seen just about everything about and by the Beatles. Okay but not surprising or new.
I really like this light box but the clips the company included to hold the backdrops in place are a serious joke. They are cheap little basic bulldog clips. Like the kind you buy 20 of at Staples for $5. Like the kind that are meant to hold PAPER. Not slippery, heavy vinyl. I'm going to have to replace them. The backdrops constantly fall out of them and trying to change the backdrops out is incredibly frustrating. Once I change the clips I'll be pretty satisfied with the product. But c'mon, how much more money would it cost the company to just use stronger clips?
Like the camelback products but have issues with this one.
They're not great, they're not water resistant and the touchscreen fingertip doesn't work well in the cold.
The picture was not good. We replaced the enclosed antenna with a larger on and still could not get a nice picture without pixels. Voice did not sync with the mouths. Not fun to watch.
Wears down way to fast. Had another set and it lasted a lot longer. This one is on my do not buy again list.
Delivered quickly and well packaged and protected. Installation was easy, power cord needs to go up through the second chimney. Top bracket was missing and supplier will send out. The surprise was that I ordered a unit that was not vented and this came with no carbon filters. Supplier said it is in the fine print that they don't provide filters, but... they are willing to sell you a pair for $30, with expected life of 6 months. Since I am using this for a smoker vent outside, it is not an issue, but if you are using inside you can expect a $60 year recurring cost for a ventless exhaust fan. A consideration before you purchase. Also be careful handling, use gloves, stainless steel splinters hurt, I got two putting this up. It is a two person job to do safely, but one can do with care.
This Polar Bottle is just OK. The liquids seem to warm rather quickly. Nothing Polar about it to me.
I like very good products.
It worked, but the resolution was very low quality and the videos we tried to play were so choppy that we couldn't really watch them. I mean, it's free and we were able to mirror the iPhone screen. So it does what it's supposed to do but I guess when it's free, you can't expect amazing quality. I saw other apps that were $5-10 but I wanted to see if it would even work before I purchased, so this did what I needed it to do.
This was, and always will be, a great series. But I bought from HBP movies and when I told them the discs are defective, they refused to do anything about it since more than 6 months since purchased. Very poor customer service.
horn and light failed in the first week. still on the road 500 miles on.
I like about half the articles. It doesn't capture my attention overall as I Hope day it would.
They did an ok job. I had 0-1 bedroom home deep cleaning. The man and woman team were very nice. They cleaned the tubs well, which had some hard water stains before. One of my showers has some mold on the wall above the plastic insert which they did not clean. Did a good job in kitchen and running sweeper. They were sopposed to do all interior windows but missed a few. I can still see dirt down in the toilet holes. Did not clean laundry room. I feel I could have done the same work in the same time it took both of them. They did ask if everything was satisfactory, but basically as they were walking out. Not sure I would buy again.
To large for my taste also a bit dense
The battery life is short, but the product appears to function well.
Should have purchased original album
Tac Force is a good brand, I ordered a silver version of this same knife from a different vendor on Amazon and was very pleased with my order, however, I was disappointed with this black version knife when I received it from this vendor I am rating. It has a small dent/chip in the blade and small scratches on a few silver parts of the handle. I know the price is low but in my experience TAC Force brand knives have always been great quality for a great low price every time I have ordered on Amazon from other vendors, however, I will not use this particular vendor again.
Didn't keep my feet very warm snowboarding this past weekend.
had a hard time watching...didn't keep my interest.
I bought this because I needed a small soft sided cooler that did not leak. It does that well enough thanks to the hard plastic liner. I've used it once a week for the past 3 weeks. It already has some damage because the zipper tends to get stuck on the flexible inner liner. It does not hold ice overnight.
Compared to another hearts game, this is harder to read. It needs to be sharpened up.
SO I WAS SO FRUSTRATED WHEN I TRIED TO TYPE IN A EMAIL OR USERNAME AND EVERY TIME IT WAS WRONG AND SO I TAPPED HOUR OF CODE AND THE GAME WAS FUN EVEN THOUGH I COULDN'T CREATE GAMES BUT THEN AFTER A WHILE HOUR OF CODE DISAPPEARED AND WHEN I TRIED TO GET THE FREE TRIAL IT SAID IT COST MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I personally love this soundtrack and specifically bought it from amazon because I wanted this specific case/cover but when it finally came in the mail (which was awhile for a prime member) it was in a package, not a box and the case itself was cracked!
Loved it. I have 20 ft ceilings and couldn't get the cobwebs down for the last 8 years...there gone now....
This tweezers that is amazing for when you just first start out but they don't last forever but for just starting can't beat the price
The crust leaves much to be desired but the toppings are yummy and it's a quick, easy lunch.
I ordered this product specifically because it had the recycle symbol on it and everyone would know which bin is for recycle. I was very disappointed to open it and see it didn't have the recycle symbol on it!
Out of the package it fit well. I like it. Then I washed it. It shrunk so much and wasn't even on high heat.
Not exactly what I needed, but will do the job.
It's much much more dull than the picture shows, like so dull you would have to get very close to even see what it is, also it broke within three months and I rarely drop my phone very very rarely, and I never take the case off. Over all it's about 4/10 I wouldn't recommend it tbh there are much better cases for less.
Strap is not flexible at all, it snapped trying to install with as little pressure as possible. Ended up just tossing whole thing into tank.
It does it's job well for office or school stuff but it's pretty flimsey. I suggest getting a metal one for your toolbox for just a few more bucks
Never used it, don't know how it appeared for review.
I have been 100% satisfied with all the orders I have received from Amazon. BUT I had a problem with the last order I received. The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes were UPSIDE DOWN in the box and LEAKED! it was not a huge leak, but just enough that the bottom of the box was wet inside and some of it dripped on my slacks when I took them out. I immediately took them to the sink to remove the outside "wrapper" and wash the excess Clorox off. This is not a really huge problem. But I thought you might want to know so in the future the packers could be sure these were not upside down. Thank you for your service. Again, I REALLY APPRECIATE YOUR SERVICE!!
Love the quality and design of this hat but its more of a children's size hat thats not going to do much sun blocking. If you have a small head you'll love it.
I love this movie I kept it for myself
I have been wearing the 3M version of these for years and love them. I thought I would try this MFG and I wasn't happy with the product so I returned them (clear and gray). They are OK, and by all means are a good value, they just don't have the same quality feel of the 3M product. The hinges are stiffer and they don't have as good of clarity. For most folks these may be perfectly fine, especially for kids.
You get what you pay for. However, I am hoping to make good use of it for as long as it lasts.
Can't believe how flimsy these feel and how much flex they have. They actually took more effort to snap a porcelain tile than my old basic ones. Also there's not a lot of jaw movement for the amount of handle articulation required. Very poor design. Lots of flex and still lots of hand shock snapping hard porcelain. Jaws are crappy too. I'd recommend these to no one.
Hulu is no longer supported on this device. Was happy till then.
Love the water, but my package came almost opened and with the can packaging falling open. Multiple cans were dented inside the packaging as well.
Arrived dented. and felt cheap. we will see how it holds up.
I didn't think it was very heavy duty
Flashlights looks great and come with a sleeve for a 18650 rechargeable battery and a AAA holder. The flashlight does not come with a 18650 battery or charger for one. Searching for five of 18650 rechargeable batteries on Amazon is a pain also. If the product included the rechargeable batteries I would absolutely give this product 5 stars. I'm only giving three because now I have to find the rechargeables.
I got my yarn yesterday. It is very nice yarn. Easy to work with. No splitting. And, very soft. However, and this is the reason for 3 stars. I asked the question, and I was told this was cotton yarn. it is NOT cotton it is an acrylic of some sort. I was going to make flowery summer scarves with cotton yarn. I will keep this yarn, because it is nice I just won't be able to use it in the summer.
This was a gift. I never liked these guys or their music. It was for the funeral of the son of a friend of mine, and for that you don't say no.
Received without the rubber tip cover as described on Amazon,
The kickstand doesn't work well, it doesn't lock in place, so it falls a lot. It works well as a shock absorber however, and I'm not afraid that I'll break my tablet if I drop it.
After having had two sever cuts from rotary cutters I decided it was time to order gloves that could help prevent any more. Before purchasing I read as many reviews that I could and ordered the size small because all of the reviews stated that the gloves ran large. My hands are on the small size. Received these this morning. Used them immediately to cut out a baby quilt. The fingers are too long by about a 1/3 to 1/2 and inch and are way too tight. My hands were hurting after wearing for just under 30 minutes of use. The cuff at the wrist was tight and made putting the glove on difficult. Will be sending these back and will have to keep hunting for safety gloves that do work. Again, I am very disappointed because all of the reviews all said that these gloves were great. Just hope I do not have all the hassles that I ran into the last time I tried to return an item to Amazon. Returning items to them is a total HEADACHE.
Cover fits weird, a little off balance but you get what you pay for.
I bought this record after hearing Ed Ames' voice for the first time on an old LP of Christmas songs. He sang "Ballad of the Christmas Donkey". It was the first time I heard that song as well. I fell in love with his deep, clear voice, and precise manner of pronunciation. I wondered why I'd never heard him before. I listened to a couple songs he sung over my phone, and still loved his voice. So I wanted a full Xmas record of him singing. But it turned out to be just an ordinary Christmas album with a bunch of singers, with him singing like everyone else does. His beautiful voice was not to be heard in it, except in the Donkey Ballad. Where did it go? He sounded so average. He can sing so much better than this!
I'm giving this a three until I wear them a bit longer. However, I can't get over the number of spelling errors on the packaging. Designed by Americans maybe, but made and sold in China without a knowledgeable editor fluent in English.
no real opinion this is my son's
doesn't pick up unless odors are very very very bad
These wipes smell absolutely terrible, but do clean well
Love the show but disc 7 of season 5 did not load at all. I waited this long to write a review because I wanted to make sure all of the other discs worked. The rest were fine.
Purchased two pair. Both had issues with seams pulling apart in the finger area. Otherwise very durable. Seem a bit rough to the touch inside finger area as well. Can be irritating when wearing for extended periods.
I really like great courses and have a number of their products and will probably get more. I can view the courses on buy computers and devices and even cast to me television. I figured that Great Courses Plus would be even better as I would be paying a fee. I stopped short when I discovered that I could not use it to view sessions I had already purchased. There seems to be advantages to Plus but without access to my current library I just don't see the point.
It smells nice but doesn't do much for my skin
I don't know how but the steaks for the tie downs were already used and one bent the tent it self was in good condition except the string that go's from the tent bottom to the smaller part of the rain fly door the clip was missing and had a hook tied to the string
Arrived with a small, but very noticeable wrinkle in the bottom right hand corner.
I previously ordered a pair in the dark blue and I love them, they fit perfectly and the length is right, with these the length is right but the fit is much tighter.
Looks great. Pages are rough to write on. The binding doesn't hold together well
This product does work, however, even after reading the instructions, my patchwork wasn't the greatest. I recommend that if you are using this on matte finished leather or faux leather products that you use very little of the glue and definitely make sure that your glue is completely dry and that you smooth out the surface. There is a definite difference in sheen when applying the paint colour to your item that needs repair. In essence, this product does patch tears, but it still is very noticeable.
Great album, but as another reviewer mentioned, side B isn't centered. The cover art is also a cheap low quality digital print.
One of the drills came bent, and the material did not look good quality but functional.
I picked up my package today and the box was a mess. One of the containers had the airflow cap open. As a result, when someone in the shipping chain apparently tipped the box over, about 10% of that bottle dumped out. The shrinkwrap was not completely covering that bottle either, therefore allowing it to seep out and cover everything else in the box and soak the box itself. I can't speak to the detergent yet, but that was not a good start.
No quick disconnect for the hose. Stringing it thru my backpack is kind of a pain
I enjoyed it-not as much as I expected to
I ordered the green John Deere hat, the picture shown has a slightly different leather label then advertised, it was not a suede rounded leather label linens was specifically looking for, it was more like a patch sewn onto the hat, it's stll warm and functional but not as advertised
I bought several for gifts and kept one for myself. I haven't used it very much, but it does work. Nails and screws stay attached. A standard pair of needle nose pliers are too heavy though.
As a movie collector it is disappointing when you receive poor quality product from Amazon, but I guess that's what a billionaire provides in service. Received a damaged and broken case from Amazon provided product. Just another excellent (not) service from Amazon.
Just downloaded and tried it once and it is u no Ian if it works g or a sham will try it for while to see if it does as it says And possibly change my opinion
I cant play my fav game.
Pretty and light weight but difficult to assemble and wouldn't stay up at the beach. Returned It.
Back pocket is too shallow for my iPhone 6. I would have rated them higher otherwise.
I wish that I could give these 5 stars because my dogs love them as treats but they didn't travel well to my house. They were in pieces when we got them so it's not possible to give them the correct amount.
A little frustrated as half way through the movie you have to flip the CD. If I had realized this I would not have purchased it.
Good assortment. No hex heads. When you pop these into the bit holder, they are impossible to remove by hand and almost impossible with a wrench.
It looked great in person. After 3 weeks or so, the color started to wear off around the corners and it started to get flimsy. It is also quite heavy, heavier than the tablet itself.
When I got it, it only has 9 months left to expiration date and box is broken and looks like returned by other customers.
App bugs out fairly often or has a long delay.
The quality of the arms are good but the packaging was horrible I could not give it as a gift
Every time I start app it crashes and then will start up on second start up. Way too many breaks during trials ugh I'd pay for the app to avoid the breaks. Will look for an alternate way to follow cases without all the interruptions.
It's okay. Not my favorite games
I love this product. I just got this in and the is a hole in the bottom! The shipping box was not damaged. The box it came in not damaged either. 2nd box came in. This time both homes are punched all the way through.. now i have 2 returned. I will just buy in store.
Nice case, tools are decent except for cutting pliers, they are HORRIBLE--you can hold them up to the light and the "cutting" edges never touch. Once I replaced them the kit is not too bad so I gave it 3 stars
They don't last long on a charge.
I love having clippers on my keys but in order to get the clippers to pop out, I have to use a tool or coin to open it to be used. Fine if I'm in my car where I have a tool but kind of a problem in other situations. Other than this little inconvenience it works fine and the LED light is useful at times.
I was disappointed when the bike was pink. At the top stated red or blue and the picture showed a red bike but it was pink. why would you show a red bike in picture and state red at the top of the title, if pink. The bike is good wrong color. I wanted red bike.
The idea for this is good, but it is hard getting around in it. Like finding down instead of across.
Disappointed with this purchase. While these fit my Ryobi CAT Sander the holes on the sandpaper do not match up with the vacuum holes on the sander. Three stars are for quality of product.
The backpack is really light and easy to pack and carry around. Worked well on short hikes. Not as waterproof as I thought it would be. Light rain was OK but in a downpour it leaked.
Easy to use. Just wish the "complete set" of metric didn't just skip 18mm.
OK union suit there a better out there I think
At first glance I liked that it is not as huge as the usual hat-mosquito nest combinations and it was not pricey. The problem with it is that the nest gets too close to the skin and sometimes gets in touch with it and that open the chance for the bugs to bite. The black flies would bite you through the hat and all this get worst if you are sweating and the nest sticks to your wet skin. On top of this the black color makes the hat and nest attractive to bugs.
Great movie seen it in theaters loved it and wanted to buy the dvd cause my gf have never seen it however half way through the movie the dvd starts skipping and then just goes blue smh I was soooo sad and it was straight out of the package first time watching it
I've been using Pureology for a while now. I love that they are a vegan, cruelty-free line. My hair has been feeling really dry lately and since I've been using Pureology's moisturizing shampoo & conditioner for a while, I decided to mix it up and get this Precious Oil shampoo and conditioner instead. Like with most Pureology products, I love the way my hair feels. It's soft and bouncy. However, I'm not in love with the smell. It's heavy and perfume-y. And my hair continues to smell like the product for at least a day or so after washing. It kind of gives me a headache. I won't be buying this one again, but I'll certainly be buying one of Pureology's other lines instead.
It was a relatively easy installation and simple instructions for use. I was really happy to see that both my lake and ocean kayak fit securely. However, after one use there were some rips in the arm padding. I added a photo of one of them. About 4 in all. Wish it was a sturdier material, especially with the price.
Use time is too short to make a credible review. OK to date
I'll give it a 3 outta 5 this is ok if you want the future expansions if not than don't mess with this
I did buy one of these a year or more ago, so I know it will work for it's designed purpose--Signaling other with sun shine. Just used as a back up signal, in case of problem, where there is no other way to signal.
Good deal for the price. Keep in mind the temperature rating because it's not a very warm sleeping bag.
This is easy to use. But overall drone is not that easy to use. Still working it out and trying to get more familiar with it. We will see how it goes
Does not work on unless the bolt head is totally accessible and uniform diameter from top to bottom. Tried to remove rounded nut from my edger, it did not work for that because the nut head was smaller at the top...the tool could not grab it.
I don't like this game.
Bought these because they were advertised as u circulated. When I received them the label said "like new". This leads me to believe the uncirculated advertising was false.
Auto Zone has a better one.
Display came defective only could see the bottom of the number.
I may not be using the right words here, but for me, this pomade is way too thick. Even with damp hair, it clumps up really bad and my hair becomes quite hard to style - i can barely get a comb or brush through it. For me, I the Red Pomade works much better, Also, not a big fan of the smell - has a chocolate type of fragrance (my opinion).
Pretty okay. Takes an hour to heat up, and if you have medium long hair, the rollers need to be in for at least 45 minutes. It is just as tedious as curling your hair so pick your poison. If I leave them in for 25-30 and it has only had 30-40 minutes to heat curls typically fall out by mid-day and my hair has absolutely no problem holding a curl so I was quite surprised about that.
The tools are made out of a cheap metal as after the first couple uses they were stripped and difficult to use again.
I used it about 4-5 times so far, but it has difficulty breaking a very tight nut, which I am able to brake free with socket and muscle power. Notice it's 250lbs torque only, the real nut-busters cordless impact wrenches start somewhere around 400ft lbs and up. Consider those, otherwise you just gonna get what you pay for, there are no magic shortcuts for better equipment other than coughing up more money.
Paid way too much for what it is.
I purchased these to simply make it easier on my knees as I try to get in some exercise. I know they work because I have a neighbor who I have watched evolve physically after two knee replacements. I need a video on how to adjust, how to use...I just needed a little more help, a manual perhaps for this amateur. I would give them a higher review if I know how to properly set them up. I will update if I figure it out.
It works like it's supposed to, and makes sewing easier, but doesn't last as long as the ones I purchased even just a few years ago. Why it is so expensive? I started looking for other brands that were less expensive and am happy to say I've found some that work and last longer.
The Arctic air quit working after the filter replacement it was not due to the filter but the motor was not receiving current to start
Repetitive yes, but one of the more fun 'games' for an adult player without huge skills. Played a bunch of times, you'll eventually earn some of the extras which make your vehicle handle better and all of a sudden the game becomes more interesting. Try it, the free version is fun.
Neither issue has been available to download.
It would be better if there was modern kids shows
It was free with Prime. Wanted to watch a show I've seen advertised, on that network, but it was not available. Only episode available was the current one on tv. Why have the app pin my firestick if I can just watch the show on regular tv.
Product fabric is think. Looks like it will year or come apart from seams easily. Fill also kind of unevenly distributed. Tried to return but required a 6.00 shipping fee.
Very dry. Threw away over half the loaf. I won't purchase it again. The other breads I've tried of this brand are great! So, this was really disappointing.
Ok for some, but not quite for me. Hard to adjust to waiters size. bottle holder open at bottom, i like to put dog potty bags and chapstick in there. Cell phone pouch too small for my phone. I like the color, reflective stripe for night walks, and that larger water bottle fits.
Not as good as Salad Games
They're alright for the price. One marker barely made two aprons and the ink bled/splattered on the fabric.
Standard harem anime. The main guy isn't a complete loser, but his arc is certainly shallow. Though, I was surprised that he actually picks a girl in the end. The most interesting characters are ancillary characters, basically the villains. The betrayal between the brother and the evil doctor is the definite high point. I wish they'd been worked in more - heck, cut some main characters and weave some of that in. It's a real shame there isn't more, the story certainly seemed to hint at more. But the confrontation between the baddies doesn't even involve the mains! Round off the anime with super powers, infection (random and purposeful), and there are certainly more directions this could have gone. The powers aren't that inspired. The main characters are stock, without much going on. It's a shame the series doesn't aspire for anything more than vanilla harem. It has plenty of fan service, and a few good fights. A bit forgettable all around, despite the flash.
Michael Parks doing his best imitation of James Dean. Wandering through America in its best days.
I would buy it again.
If you want to play the piano this is not right for you but it is fun to play around with!!!!!
Great sandpaper but sticks to backing. Ruined the backing on my 1/4 sheet pad sander.
Weak plastic causes it to be easily cracked, wasn't shipped with bubble wrap
1 bottle came to us broken , please send me 1 lemon bitter again , pictures attached
This is wonderful if you enjoy modern sports entertainment, however if you enjoy professional wrestling there is not enough older programming in the vault.
The toilet seat worked well, but I wish there were hooks or something on the sides and front to hook the bags on. I had to carefully sit on the bags and hold part of the bag with one hand between my legs while sitting on the seat, so that there was not an "accident" while using it. The seat itself is very study.
Smaller than I expected. Just got it tonight and I can't wait to wear it tomorrow.
Chair is really nice but the bag has black stuff on it like it was rolling around on the floor or in the back of someone's pickup truck
Pretty bland and generic. Doesn't stand out at all.
Fabric sides started to separate from the leather. Had to glue it back together. Otherwise, ok.
These are good for replacement or quick emergency goggles but not for everyday riding. The frame foam is hard and not very comfortable to wear day in day out. The fit is okay but not a good solid eye seal.
Its a bit drying, it cakes.
Am sure it was missing the cover as of yet I have not found the cover that is supposed to come with this backpack other then that it is a great backpack.
ok this is a sturdy product , works good , BUT if you bend down ops you lose most things from pockets a velcro lid might help , overall when standing up right working works fine
B-rated Chinese film. Awkward, cringe-worthy, but fun.
Bought this as a gift and immediately gave it to my mom because we were so excited. Was I embarrassed. The hammock itself was okay so far after inspection, but all the straps and extra cords were tethered already. We couldnt even set it up because they looked so badly worn already. Now we have to order new straps and get some new cords to hold the net up.
Does an alright job. Doesn't seem to keep things especially cold. Leaks water via the zipper if tipped with melted ice. Not terrible but not impressed.
seems ok...but I returned because you cannot set your own combination
Ordered these to fix an otherwise useful cooler that had broken hinges. These were a direct replacement and easy to do. The cooler is now usable again. But, the top comes off the hinges easily so just be careful with how you lift lid. Satisfied but wish they snapped into place a little more securely.
Follows series characters lives upon returning home from Viet Nam A bit disjointed. IMHO, not as engaging as the first three seasons were.
Works great. But remember to occasionally use shampoo as it can build up (along with oil) if you try to just condition for too long. Very strong fragrance so if you're sensitive to smell like I am, it may be too much for you.
The receipt was missing in the package. The product was good. Can anyone tell me if that's normal. Thanks!
I don't have my local NY news.
Handle broke quickly... to be fair, we were throwing these across the yard at a hard Douglas Fir target. Haha
It's a LOT smaller thank I thought it was going to be... like the size of a regular sized bible. It does it's job well though.
Looks good, but came with no battery or even what size battery it needs.
Not very bright at all. Not good for walking or hiking in the dark.
The app itself is nice. All the options are easy to find and you can even read comics on the TV along with watching the shows. The reason the app doesn't get a full 5 stars is because of its refusal to start up. I have tried on multiple occasions to get the app working on the TV, and it would not launch most of the time. On my tablet it works perfectly fine, so I'm not clear on what is wrong.
Cute but didn't last very long at all
Doesn't hold shape very well after washing.
Love the game! But too expensive to buy cherries!
These would be pretty fantastic gloves if they fit better. I got XL sized gloves and they fit all of my fingers perfectly. Unfortunately the thumb starts about halfway between my thumb and index finger. This means that they don't fit over the thumb, feel rather uncomfortable and leave an inch of fabric at the tip of the thumb (while every other finger fits fine).
Got these for a borrowed Dewalt planet that had chips. The original ha replacement edges on fixed blades so not a full OEM replacement. Was able to give back the borrowed planer in better condition than when I borrowed it, which is important life lesson learned from my dad.
I like the clarity of the speaker. I don't like that people on the other end of the call cannot hear me clearly unless I sit close to the Echo. I am surprised that, although Connect can dial anyone on my contacts list by name, Echo cannot tell me the phone number of a contact when I ask.
The Radius brand brake calipers are kinda bad. It fails to stop the bike effectively. The seat it came with hurts my butt. There have been complaints about the wheel but the one I got is completely fine. I could easily get some entry level Shimano brakes for the front and rear for $45, and probably get a better seat for another $25, but that would be an extra $70. Might as well invest in a better quality road bike, some Giants go for <= $500, that will last you a longer time and will give you a better ride quality. Same goes with anything you purchase that you plan on using for a while.
not the tool i was expecting
The metal loop is held in place by a plastic keeper. With the traveling I do I don't see this lasting long.
Spectrum TV by itself is great. The problem comes when paying for the service. Overpriced product. No one should pay in excess of $100 per month for basic services.
Happy wife; Happy life!
Correct design configuration (probably copied), but operating tolerances are quite poor. Had too use other tools on this tool to force it to work at all.
Have given product an average score as a Not Applicable option isn't available. Had to return. Despite the description, it did not fit my device. Otherwise, it appeared to be a nice product.
Why have two bags in each box? I mean I understand that you might be saving like 6.2 cents per box by making it possible to fill the box with less, but that's just absurd. Charge me 6.2 cents more. Don't make me open two bags when a box only lasts three sittings.
I'm not really on board here, I'll have to listen to it a few more times
Defeats the purpose of the angular use purpose, because the head is to bulky. The slimmer version is better and is longer for deeper reach.
It broke quickly. Plus the clasp arrived broken
Meh.. I purchased this for the price and the amount you get it's oki it cleans
This item is not very easy to use, has lot of resistance when pumping air, does not lock easily to the tires...I would look for other options before buying this item.
Doesn't play all DVDs. Works as expected for the price.
My son had posted he likes the game, but the ads are bothersome.
Not as well made as I would like
It doesn't even have all the levels for me.
Cheap made material. Not as helpful as it could be. Pure Junk.
I had previously put based Omoton cover for my husband's kindle. I thought that was what I was ordering. This one was more expensive and mot as good. If I could I would return it.
Bought for my husband to mark lines for crown. Could not get a straight line. Probably ok for baseboards or something else.
The roller I bought was not completely finished. On end of the roller it was not rounded off similar to the surface of the. The poor end has flat surfaces that could have been finished to match the whole surface. the rest of the article looks good.
foam collapses pretty easy, not as good as the "real quiet" brand I bought years ago, which felt more robust. works, but disappointed a carrying case was not included.
I was super excited when this came in. I opened it and became upset when I found out that the cover had dents and scratches in it. It looked like it was damaged before shipping. The spine of the photo book was also damaged and there was tape at the top to hold it together. There was a spot in the bottom right hand corner that looked like it was moldy?! The pictures were in great condition and the pages in the book were fine! The CD was scratched and had marks all over. I am returning it and trying for a new one so we shall see how this next one looks.
After using this tubing cutter a few times. It started walking down the copper tubing. As if it were cutting threads. Not happy with this cutter!👎🏻
THIS BRONZER IS SO SO, THE COLOR IS A BIT WEIRD IT IS A MUCH LIGHTER COLOR THAN THE PICTURE,
Work great and super easy to open and close but the vent panels need to be bigger because it becomes a hot box if the breeze is flowing up against one of the 3 mostly closed up sides.
Exactly as pictured. Item just was not delivered in two days even though it was a prime item.
The drill bits didn't fit the jig until I reamed them out
Not much louder than the base Echo Dot. Can only connect to it if you are on the same network.
The cap barely resembles the picture. From top to bottom in the back side it is 6 inches long, which covers my ears and easily reaches to my back. The front is 3 1/4 inches from the top of the visor to the top of the cap. It is snug on my 7 5/8 diameter head and it should be warm for the very cold time of the winter.
The first one is much better.
It shaved off the damage from the rock slide on the edge but completely dulled in the process. The file isn't hardened steel. One time use.
My box is constantly dropping my WiFi connection and my router is 5 feet away
Don't feel as full cut as they used to for same size and brand /cuts into my thigh even though I've lost some weight and has a different stamp on product
Battery is very limited
I really liked this belt a lot, I found it very practical. I just wish the pocket was a bit bigger; I do struggle to fit comfortably both my phone and car keys.
I wanted to love these but my laundry is still coming out with static cling. I don't notice my clothes drying faster and some laundry comes out with lint from the balls. I still use them from time to time hoping my outcome will change but so far no luck with that.
I didn't read the entire description. I assumed the gold would come off to use as a wall decal...but it does not. Still cute, and found a way to make it work. Really don't see it being $10 cute though.
Tools were cheap and bent and broke with tension
When it was delivered the actual sign was not glued on properly to the wood box, so I had to scrape off the glue myself, sand it down and use the proper wood glue for it. They used a Hot Glue Gun, you get what you pay for...
it is a good strong product Im 155lb and carried my weight easy to transport just a little heavy
This is a bit better than regular block chalk. It does last much larger than regular chalk and the bag is nice and reduces the mess. But, I didn't think it was worth the extra expense and I think some of the claimed benefits are overstated. I went back to the cheap block chalk.
The rear wheel is a little wobbly and also makes a clicking sound from the rear wheel when peddling.
I dunno if it is just the flashlight I got was a dud or my memory if how good these were is coloring this review it if I'm just spilled by the newer LED high power lights just blow this away, but just this thing is only 'meh'
Just. Okay.... not very precise but somewhat helpful.
Good value but switches tend to go out and then the light is garbage.
Ratchet teeth need to be finer, on some hoses will not completely pinch off, and leak.
Too easy to peel off
These gloves are SO warm, but unfortunately don't work with my phone's screen.
Doesn't really last long.
Fit is a bit weird. We also have a shock one and tend to lean towards that.
Couldn't find exactly the shape I was looking for. Thought I could trim these to the right shape. Aren't that easy to cut around the center. But, do the job for the top of the stove,
ordered 3 one dd not come with spoon did not come with spoon
After minimal use I noticed that on longer cuts the saw was pulling the tile away from the guide. I figured out that the metal piece that holds the black guard in place was not flush with the blade. So, any cuts that were long enough to hit the metal plate (e.g., cuts 8+ inches) were not straight. Maybe I put too much pressure on the machine with the porcelain tile I was cutting, although I did go out and drop $50 on a diamond blade made for porcelain. I bought the saw in advance of using it and so now I'm past the 30 day return period. I used it just one day before it stopped making straight cuts. For small jobs and small tile, this may be fine. It did not stand up to porcelain floor tile and I wish I had spent more money on a better machine.
The above rating may become better as I use it more. I like the fact it opens up with a news video. Then I select the topic I am interested.
2 of the bolts that come with to attach the cleats were non functional (both had completely solid tops- no place to put the Alan wrench). Rather disappointing
Very light weight, and water rolled off. Not very much shape and padding but it is definitely pack able. I wouldn't put electronic items in it, despite being made of ripstop fabric. Great for use in day hikes or walks.
Not able to easily put child controls.
The bag is lightweight and very warm. The light weight causes it to move around and I found the extended pillow area in my face. Also, I couldn't zip it to an existing bag to double it up.
Didnt have much filling
its ok...i don't use the app anymore as its content does'nt appeal to me.
I found this film to be very entertaining it was very humorous for the most part but also real. You will see a lot of familiar faces in this picture. That is if you watch classic films. The acting was most exceptional the story line was good. The scene at the end was touching and well written. It was A very enjoyable film.
I liked that Supershieldz has a video walking the consumer through installation of the screen protector. However, even though I watched the video twice and followed the instructions, my application was a total fail. My screen protector has several bubbles that I have been unable to remove. Three stars for the video, but the hinge method using the tabs provided did not provide enough support for a flawless application.
The app only featured men's matches. There's no matches during Dec month.
I would give this 5 stars but it does not keep the sand off as advertised
meh its ok... not great not like REAL homemade beef stew...
Needs more instructions
Works "ok" I guess... Nothing compared to the "name brand" ones... Get what ya pay for though.
Thin enough that the shirt actually clings to the undershirt - not really a good look - collar also curls under or over - not a great shirt but i guess a decent one for the price - will not order again but didn't return them - good enough for weekend use
I never ordered this
Like a majority of reviews. packages showed up. damaged, missing parts, no way to get a hold of the company. they look like good quality but was missing the black adjuster tube. would rather the company send me whats missing rather then having to return everything. will return and go another route.
I don't like them, the microfiber is really tactile so it sticks to my head when I used them. It's hard to even wipe my face at the gym.
images don't always load and sometimes the dash doesn't update. overall quickly loads and acts the same as dashboard. easily to edit mobile profile appearance, create blogs or upload things.
This is supposed to carry two bikes, but the hold points for the bikes are so close together, it doesn't hold two very well. The arms should be 2-3" longer and the hold point spaced farther apart to allow for easier mounting of two bikes.
Its small and perfect for travel. Don't like the smooth texture though. When I dry myself it sticks to skin and hard to dry body. You basically have to pat dry.
Product is terrible. I would not buy this again! Unreliable.
Teams Game play
Too small and must return......
I liked the fit. For me, the padding is excessive for my hiney on the road bike and mtb saddle.
good picture but the remote is impossible to use DON'T BUY
The spring sticks a little, but works well otherwise.
Our memories are always a bit brighter than the real thing. Amazing seller delivered this 5 days ahead of schedule- thank you.
I have gotten 3 shipments so far and I'm not impressed at all. My grandson is 3 and I have the 3-4 year old subscription. He is extremely bright, but the toys I am being sent are way too advanced for his age or so utterly boring they aren't worth it at all. I'll give it a month or two longer, but if the items I am sent do not improved I'll cancel it for sure.
Many topics lack in-depth explanations as before. I have to search online.
There are great goggles! I bought two pairs. One for my best friends, another for me.
the folding feature makes it awkward to put on and adjust. not glasses friendly. the mesh over the mouth area causes fog, immediately. I finally cut out the mesh to make it usable. once you get everything adjusted, it does keep you reasonably warm. bottom line, I prefer my old one piece pull-over ski mask.
the product is not very sturdy,I don't know how long it will last.I guess it is ok for the price I had paid for.
Never received them.
Its ok. really got it for senior mother
There are no markings to identify the tools or the size. Witch means ether grabbing a magnifying glass or microscope to look at the head and make an educated guess. The rubber o-rings that are supposed to give you extra grip slide around under you fingers with the application of the slightest amount of torque and fall off easily.
Green color arrived in a different dark shade. Was not satsified with color. Other than that, did not leak and arrived quick.
It was a gift for someone.
A quality product! Not some knockoff or look a like. It was , so I'm happy. The least is and always will be the speed in which the shipping companies take getting it to ya
This shifter is a bottom line shifter. I needed a shifter for the build and rushed to complete it. I will be upgrading the shifter in the future. It's a little awkward to use at first and takes some getting used to. I also don't like the lack of a gear indicator. I have an older Mongoose 9 speed with a SRAM shifter that has a gear indicator. I'll wait for it to break or possibly upgrade for next season.
The battery life has declined by half in the one month I've owned it.
Not enough opportunity to earn coins. You have to buy them frequently. I finally deleted the game.
Nice product but $$$$$
A little on the cheapo side quality wise. It is light weight as advertised. It does work.
They're okay; not really the theme we were looking for, but they are what we ordered. Nothing wrong with them, just not our style.
Not as good as previous years
Some of the movies are great topics and truly classic. But, 99% of the pictures are too dark and grainy for me. Sometimes I give it a try and suffer through the grain. Otherwise, anyone who loves the past, this is a great channel.
Functional. Quite smooth. Low quality finish with silk screen printing peeled off when received. Knob on the handle can get loose and fall off.
This worked well. It isn't that loud and it doesn't t play blue ray DVDs. For both of those reasons I would not purchase again.
It's cool but the bracket that hooks to the handle bar came broken luckily that i had an old one and i fix it
Flimsy.easily bent..
Amazing feeling when shaving, but the smell is very chemical. I wish it had a nicer smell.
Despite the come-on of extending your warranty beyond the Manufacturers', IF you're insuring an electrical item the warranty begins at your purchase date. For Example, I purchased this at the same time I bought an instant hot water tap for my kitchen sink. The ad led me to believe that it would extend the manufacturer's warranty for 3 yrs after the original warranty ended. WRONG!!! A phone call to customer service at Asurion revealed that even though it was plumbing (a hot water tank) since it had an electric boiler the warranty began at the purchase date. They claim that it covers 'power surges' that could happen not covered by the manufacturer. I've never found any evidence that a power surge fried an analog based system as heavy as a boiler element. I even had the customer service rep go to her super to verify... but, got the same answer. So, since the 3 yrs begin at the same time... I have double coverage which I don't need. I've got to make a decision soon on whether to keep the plan or refund it.
These run REALLY large - I have a 9 foot and the suggested size was HUGE.
The panties fit great and are comfortable. They also stay in place. However, after a couple of months, they started to fray at the waist. After all the positive reviews, this was disappointing.
A little slow paced and uneven for me. Some parts nor for kids.
This item on the other hand might work out,I will try to make it work.
Nice shirts, sized small
It kicks me off of the game and I half to stay off of it for like 6 month
It holds plenty of beverages and or food but struggles to keep temperature below 50F
Product looks good. But it has an uncomfortable smell. Two of the plastic notches of the lower part are broken. Most probably I will return this.
Works ok if you're down going too deep in the water. Starts to fill up pretty quickly. Good for staying closer too the top. Good price for how it's made.
When you use these they may be a little large for your glasses arms themselves, but they definitely help keep your glasses on and from sliding a bit. Not the best method, but it does work.
It's ok but to many commercial
they would not stay in my ears
it works good but chisel disengaged too much from demolition hummer
The case was rather broken, but the DVD was fine. It did come shrink wrapped.
In the picture they look much better than actual but overall it is useful.
I was really excited about this bottle since it doesn't contain any plastic. It works to hold water and seals well, however, the main problem for me is that it traps mildew very easily and makes it smell bad. I've had several other Kleen Kanteen bottles that don't do this. I really wanted to like this bottle but due to the mildew smell (and I wash it regularly) it makes me not want to use it.
I was disappointed that I couldn't only access season 5 on my fire stick. Not cool at all
The jury is still out... Going to wait at least a month before I decide
Good price. Does not hold a charge very long. Works ok.
Works as advertised.
Very bright but the zoom feature gets stuck even with lubrication. Overall a decent flashlight but you can tell it's made cheap.
The bottle was open and had spilled everywhere out of the box.
They are fairly comfortable for the price, but they give pretty bad panty lines.
You can download many apps, but the video quality on them is not the best.
More bananas in the bag than strawberries.
Fun game then I got bored with it.
harsh blueish white LED light. too harsh for makeup
To small I wish I bought bigger
Well have had it just over a month and it seems to have quit working. While it was working it worked great. Would have gave higher ratings but now I have to try and figure out what's wrong with it or buy another. I got this for peace of mind as I have middle schoolers who come home before the rest of us.
Didn't provide what I wanted even with powder would be good just on face not to cover tattoos or scars
Too many doubles in the box. Maybe just the batch i got. I didn't expect the album to be full with just one box but it was really empty. Also the rosters are pretty outdated.
Great game that provides hours of fun
Very difficult to get on. No way to remove dust if the fan blows it onto the sticky side.
As a utility knife, it does its job. It is a good concept to have bits built into the knife. I was thinking I might carry this in place of other tools to lighten my edc. However, it did the opposite. The knife itself is pretty heavy and the bits feel overall cheap (because they are). Good concept; not a replacement for even a small screwdriver.
This fits very snug on my Kindle Paperwhite. It's almost too small. But it does work and protects my screen.
Worked great the first couple of nights used. Size is decent. After a couple uses pillow started to go flat through the night. Never went completely flat, just about half way
Wasn't bright enough but customer service was able to get me one that worked alittle better
the product is nice “but” i don't like when you say 200 pieces and its not. i count it piece by piece...i purchased 400 pieces and its missing 25 piece. i will not purchase again.
Ok. It leaves a film on your face so when you try to put on your other facial creams it turns your face into a creamy mess. I rinse and scrub pretty well but the drying/tightening feeling you feel is the residue/wax left on you from product
First thing I see when I opened the box is a bunch of hair wrapped around the barrel of the curling iron along with some oily prints on it. Went back to the box, noticed that the other end had a broken seal on it. Now I don't know if they look to see if their products are working before they send them off but at least unwrap the hair you left on it and wipe it clean, also the power button was left on. Presentation wise, very poor. I will later on add more to my review when I try out the product, clearly after disinfecting it first.
One disc in the series is totally unusable... unable to replace based on options. Otherwise good shape and great show
I haven't listened to the CD yet, so don't know if it's ruined, but for the past 8 months or so, I have yet to receive a DVD or CD from Amazon that the case isn't cracked. I'm not just talking one crack, but enough that pieces of plastic are falling out. The packaging was an envelope, so that probably explains it for this one, but some have been in boxes. It's very disappointing when you buy something that is supposed to be 'new'.
It is small for men. Also, there will be a gap between the mask and your cloth. Wind will get in through the gap to reach your neck.
We've had some consistency issues, layers have been too mushy or too hard (stale) to eat. It was good but would've been better without these issues.
Not a huge difference between this and a regular clean. I kept having to ask for the services listed. Usually a deep clean does a lot of dusting and scrubbing. Save your money and do a basic clean. cleaning the microwave isn't worth the extra $50.
Was hoping to find this movie english dubbed. So when i saw that the dvd had 'language - english'. I ordered a copy. Subtitles like all the others. No english audio. Otherwise, the movie and quality where as expected.
Typically, I prefer a round bottle set, but after obtaining a new pack that required to me to make changes to my kit and how I carry it, I bought this canteen set. I have not used the set yet, but have made the following observations. The handles on the cup swing far to freely in my opinion which will make it difficult to manage heating and cooking in the cup around a campfire. Probably less of a concern or issue on stove? The cup when it nests on the bottle of the canteen seems quite loose and rattles a bit on my set. If the set was 30 or 40 dollars I guess I'd expect things like this, but at a 158 dollars? I realize much of the cost is driven by the material used to make it and I can't complain about how lightweight the set is, but I suspect I'll be selling this set off to someone at a discount and finding another solution to carry my round bottle set with my new bag. I don't hate it and I don't love it. First bit of kit I've owned that I've been this ambivalent about. I'll admit, it's probably a piece of kit that the opinion of it is dependent on the needs of the user. If I were a through hiker on the AT or PCT and counting grams I'd probably have a different opinion.
JUST OK. A LITTLE SWEETER THAN I LIKE
Sorry that I bought this model. It is too small. The product is small and lots of the time the font keeps going from the size that is good for me, to smaller. Plus the shade of blue is much darker than it appeared on Amazon.
not as good as the scotts naturals seemed kind of dry compared to other brands
The pads are good but the helmet is really cheap
I like to have protection that I use a lot. If it goes on me to early then I'm glad I got protection.
Pros- sturdy enough to remove 2 inch snap rings from loader backhoe Cons- when removing 2 inch +/- external snap rings the handles are too far apart to grasp ad squeeze in one hand. The pliers must be grasped with one handle in each hand and pushed together like long handled pruning cutters used for gardening. This greatly reduces the force which can be applied and is awkward.
Was not in 'very good condition' as described. More like.....'fair or poor'. Please refund money
Nice coat, but the double zipper doesn't work properly. I was rather disappointed since it is an expensive jacket.
Don't care for this game
It looks nice and it was really easy to resize. I don't know why people complain about this. Unfortunately, after putting it on the tracker, I almost broke my thumb trying to take 1 side off. It's really stiff. I don't know if I want to try it again, so I don't end up spoiling my tracker.
Like the size, weight, brightness, portability, and magnetism. Don't like that 'top' has to be removed to turn on and off, and that unless stood up and used magnetized to metal surface it is difficult to hold for larger size hands.
Great starter bike. You will need to upgrade the derailer and brakes. Major issue is that the battery doesn't fit in the holder. The holder as well is made by plastic, so do go over bumps/ ride in the city since it will split causing it to fall out even faster. If you don't know how to install them and tinker with the battery unit AVOID buying. For price not bad. Spent $150 after on parts and 4 hours
Very thin material. Ordered XL which size I always order but should have ordered XXL. Pocket is very small also.
Not happy with the kit. Cheap stuff might damage the item your working on.
Doesn't hold air like it should since I've had it...
It's a really good quality jacket for the price but the inside is SO shiny. It has metallic material that is supposed to keep in heat but it's so ugly.
It functions. Not best quality but only used once a month. We'll see how it looks after a years.
They fit ok and the fabric is nice and soft but the elastic started to unravel on one of them after just one wash. The others have held up ok.
The blue cap was a darker dull blue, instead of whats shown in the picture with the pink one as a two pack. Not too tight!
I barely have enough suction power to use the straw. It has lots of crevasses that have to be washed around. The straw isn't removable. I regret the money I spent on this.
Like that I can have most of what. I need shipped don't like that I have to pay more a month to do so !!!! I think they need to change it probably won't use again due to them charging more a money a month on top of your prime membership and that I have to have 35$ or more for it to ship free or it's 8$
Not sure if these are real Craftsman tools. They feel more like knock-offs to me. Couldn't find them on Sears' website any more.
The insert that came with my sink was old and beat up. Unfortunately, because of the odd shape and age of the sink, it was impossible to find one that fit. This insert was the nearest to the size and shape that I could find. When I tried it it the sink, it was a little to big, so I had rubber tubing added to the feet, which lifted it enough (about 1/3 inch) to fit. It is OK now. I wouldn't say it was a good deal for the money, but it was all that was available.
Seemed biased leaning left. I would have liked to have known more about 911 and his involvement.
It's a great concept but needs a little tweaking. Its sturdy but really difficult to take remove. My kindle charges magnetically and this case is not suited for that so I have to take it on and off which is a pain
Hooks are much smaller than I thought they would be. Great for hanging smaller/lighter items.
These aren't nearly as bright as I'd hoped. I bought them for emergency lighting in case of a power outage. They will light up a small room or a camping tent, but there are much brighter ones on the market for about the same price. Of course those don't have the flashlight function, which on these lanterns (1 bright LED flashlight) could be a handy feature.
These are for only very narrow noses which was not disclosed at time of my purchase
We've purchased five of these so far among my household, and of the first four, one has had major issues making it unusable. The problem stems from the front wheel bearings, on the first day of use after assembly the front left wheel bearing came apart in the sleeve. I noticed a wobble when peddling and had originally thought the front wheel had somehow been bent, and upon further inspection taking the wheel off I found the culprit, a blown apart wheel bearing. This won't ruin our time as we will be able to make do, but is a huge disappointment since the other three trikes are still running strong. However, don't let one bad experience of four fool you, these are still decent trikes and well worth the money for the enjoyment we've gotten out of them, we will just be one short is all.
Not the most durable. Very inconvenient to wear
5"2 and ordered XS and still feel big.
If you have anything of a butt or thighs then order a size or two up. The waist fit fine on me. I am 165lbs 5'10 female. I ordered these cause they were kings. But unfortunately they were too small. I ordered a mediums I usually wear a size 29 in women's
Had trouble hearing my commands. Connection to Bluetooth is not as automated as I'd like
These are good workout pants but I had previously ordered a dark gray pair, this pair cannot even compare. The weight of this fabric is very light. The weight of the dark gray is heavier and has much more shaping and control. I like the cut of them but I guess you need to understand that the weight of the fabric is different when you change the color choice.
Works just fine but the hardware to attach it to the bike wore down and the rubber pieces came out.
I was expecting a thicker cardstock that could be hung without a frame. The paper is thin and maybe could be hung with 2 way tape as there is not any mechanism to hang with a nail or without a frame.
Very bulky. I wish I bought the thinner blue brand.
I like chess, but I can't swap my pawn for a major player when I reach the other side. Not an I always allowed of going going one space instead of 2 for my pawn.
Work OK but tend to loosen
My daughter can still get out of her car seat buckle without opening it. We are continuing to work on making it harder for her to escape and teaching her to stay buckled when in the car seat. She is 5 years old. This Buckle Guard is helping, but it is not the final solution.
Came exactly as described
Very entry level and nothing special. Works, not great, but works. Not bright but visible. Not HD but again, visible.
I Love boys choirs... this choir sounded strained to me... not relaxed and expressive... it surprised me...
I bought this as a clarifying shampoo for oil control and because we have hard water.. I have been using this once a month or as needed and I haven't noticed a change in my hair... it just dries it out but doesn't strip all the excess build up. Going back to Redken.
The mask is great with a good field of view and fabulous seal, but the mask is extremely disappointing. It's angled as such that on my seven year old daughter's head it's virtually parallel to the water, often dipping into the water itself. It was fine for our pool practice, but not so much in the open water in Mexico. I've replaced it with a Cressi which is far more upright and perpendicular vs. being parallel to the water.
These are good, fit as any wool blend legging would. The legs stretch out the longer you wear them, then tighten up again after the wash. They're not my FAVORITE base layer per say, as far as warmth and comfort goes (compared to more athletic brands like Under Armour or North Face), but nice enough to wear with a long sweater and boots on a chilly day. I still get use out of them, but not sure if I would recommend to someone looking for a high quality, comfy, warm base layer.
Nice boxset, beautiful animation, I hated the series, unfortunately (which is rare for me, I love alot of anime). I heard the manga was better and completed the story better.
A lot of the chips were broken very small
This arrived very quickly, however the case is damaged on one corner. Not that that is a major concern, but if you're not paying you will get cut. As for the video, its fast paced... So i had a hard time keeping up-- but respect, I myself have lower back issues which prevent me from moving too quickly.... If you've no back problems or other disabilities, you should have no problem with this dvd
Delivery was on time. All items were there and in excellent condition. But the only down fall was that I used the #10 Pyrex cups to walk but didn't take well to the amperage of around 120. I don't know if they are made for that amount amps Or there only for small, pulse tig welding jobs. If any one has any input about these cups I'm all ears.
Gre at movies! Digital code did not Work!!! The reason for 3 stars..
Inexpensive, lightweight and easy to inflate, but no matter how much I inflated it, I could still feel parts of the ground if I slept on my side. For a couple nights this was fine.
Would not buy this item again
There is a product placement on the items.
A little disappointed as my expectations for this were very high. The price is great, you get a huge bottle for around $8. The mister was a little harsh. This rose water does make your face feel refreshed, but I didn't see any difference in my skin. It wasn't the best moisturizer i've tried, nor was it a great setting spray (both of which I read this was good for). 3 stars because although i wasn't extremely impressed, I wasn't too disappointed.
I feel like the bits are made out of a quality material and have worked well so far. About 6 holes drilling in metal without problems. Teeth look unaffected. My only complaint is the set did not come with a 1 inch.
Disks played good but packaging they came in is falling apart
New product I found a prime pantry. Was not available in local stores when I ordered it.
it was fine boring after a while
No shows for my interest.
It arrived yesterday with only minimal box damage so I thought I was home free. Inside I discovered there was a large dent in the lower right side edge. Nothing had penetrated the box to cause the damage. That means the packing is insufficient to protect the unit. Based on the location and shape of the damage, I would say there needs to be protective support all along the sides to give the same support as the ends have. I believe the damage is caused by stacking improperly or dropping impact. With no support in the middle, that is where the damage would occur. I did run the unit and am satisfied with its performance. I think I will be satisfied with the unit if Amazon can get one to me undamaged. The fact that the accessory parts are tucked into the filter needs to be added to the unpacking instructions. Much too easy to overlook and I initially thought they were missing. Amazon is shipping a replacement which I hope arrives intact.
Doesn't fit to all. Water comes in
good product for the price...
Lower rating is due to the app set up and the amount of content. Other then that I do enjoy it.
very cheaply made hard to turn screw
I know this product in liquid form is great, but these wipes didn't have enough of it on them to be super effective.
There's no way this gets anywhere near Amazon's promised battery life. I was thinking mine was defective until I read other reviews. The battery life is enough for most purposes--you'll get through a long flight---but nothing like what's promised (six weeks). More like a week. Previous Kindles lasted maybe 3-4x longer than this one. Love the screen though--and I think it's a very ergonomic design. Backlight seems better than previous models. There's a better range of sizes for type too, but that might be the OS rather than this model. Dear Amazon: how 'bout letting the cover page of the book being read serve as the screen saver image? Would be infinitely better as an option than pencils, lead type and pen nibs. (This is not a new idea...)
The grips are nice however they did not fit my bike. I tightened them as far as they would go and they still easily slip right off
This game is okay, but the game isn't like the pictures. You can only go in one direction and planes start coming toward you. The game isn't really open world.
Product smells nice but leaves my hair dry.
I actually sent this blanket back for 2 reasons. It did not have pockets in the corners to fill with sand in case you don't want to use the stakes, plus it is a pretty dark color which would probably be hot to sit on in the sun. It may be a wonderful blanket otherwise.
was not as lightweight or as comfortable as expected
Small & easy to carry around but it really takes some pumping to get anywhere.
Feels almost like a light jacket, it'll make you sweaty. The Radio clip loop is a nice thing to have
The pocket should be centered more towards the middle.
This is a gift so it has not been used. However it is a good quality tool, metal not plastic, and I will be happy to give it.
Great product! Hate the Basil. Reordered in Lavendar
Really good flavor, smaller bags then other brands tho,
I've had a bit of time to use the knife and run it through it's regular use and so far it's holding up. From the stock image, it appears kind of cheap and almost plastic looking, but I assure you that it is very sturdy. Almost 0 flex when the blade is out as well. The paint on the thumb release is starting to fade and chip a little bit but it's purely cosmetic. For the price, I don't think you can get much better in the spring assisted OTF world. Really liking the handgun style safety so you don't accidentally deploy the knife in your pocket. Side note: check your state laws before you buy. It is spring assisted and not automatic.
I enjoyed the game but I didn't like how it had only one camera view. And when I first get on the game it's very slow.
Slightly higher amp capacity than my old battery and it added speed and longevity to my tools. I recommended them to my son when he needs replacement batteries.
Think the space is great and it is very streamlined. The latches are a little difficult to use at times. Used to carry stiff while moving cross country.
Absolutely love the sign. However the package is supposed to come with suction cups and mine did not. It's a simple thing to replace but I did spend a little extra so I would expect to get what I paid for.
I wanted something for everyday n this is perfect..
I did not dislike anything about the product it was a great fit and my son loves them
Great sound. Video is good.
Sneezy sure sang a lot. If you like Hank and his music you should like this.
This hatchet has very good head to total weight balance. I was disappointed with the narrow grip area on the handle. I plan on adding leather to the handle. Very sharp and stays that way.
So far, so god. Just started playing this game.
has all that is needed
I am not an expert on chai. I am rating this tea solely on it's own merits and not in comparison to other types of chai. It smells wonderful with all the warm spices you expect. The bags are individually wrapped. The labels on the bags recommend a steeping time of 5 minutes. This made a smooth mug of tea. There was no bitterness. I added 1 teaspoon of unprocessed sugar. I tried it before adding milk. The taste of the tea was far less strong than the scent of the tea. Without milk, it made for a delicate and pleasant tea. I could have even let it steep another minute. For the tea to have a full-bodied flavor with milk in it, I had to leave the bag in as I drank it or steep 2 bags at once for 6 minutes. Of course, personal tastes determine how a person likes their tea, but this review may give you a general guideline. It tastes especially good with a couple of teaspoons of 'Hoosier Hill Farms' powdered coconut milk in it. It pairs beautifully with the warm spices.
These gloves are perfect for pruning holly or pulling weeds, and they save me from the irritations usually caused because of my allergies.
Holds a lot of glasses.
I love how great amazon is about preparing food and household products for shipping. Everything is always packaged so well and isn't damaged during delivery. Even drinks!
These are good movies. First one is the best. 2nd one is not too shabby. Both are certainly much, MUCH better than Jeepers Creepers 3. If you like horror films, give them a watch!
Some of the tips were damaged, however, they are very nice. Love the variety of colors.
Will come in handy on the beach
Enjoying my fire hd.
Good size, easy to use. But they came very dull, and sharpening them from dull was not simple. But I'm happy with them
Easy to play. Good time waster.
I don't think this thing came with instructions, but it was easy to set up regardless. Took about 15 minutes to set up. We had 3 adults in this tent and still had plenty room left to spare. You can fully stand up in this tent.
Nice collection of one of our favorite sci-fi series with plenty of extras about the makings of the show and the evolution of the storyline. However, some scenes in the middle of some episodes lose their focus or definition for some unknown reason.
Easy to use, still learning.That I can get help of O should need it.
Works as intended. I would add a couple of nice touches as a light up remote control and longer wall electric plug. Not a lot of instructions, but really is so simple to install anyone can figure it out. will order extra to gift.
This is lovely and exactly what I wasn't looking for - but a large (my normal size) was a bit loose around the chest. The item description says this will only work for A-C, but I'm a DD and think it's fine. It was right enough around “the girls” but was loose around the band. I'm 5'3'' and 160lbs. I don't know my normal band and cup size because I exclusively wear bralettes.
This case is tasteful without being too plain. It doesn't stay closed--I would have liked a strap and snap closure, but otherwise it is fine.
i mainly needed a sim tool however i find myself using the plyers on this fairly often i just wish it was a little more low profile so it would fit more comfortably in pockets other then that it works great.
I love this light. I work at night and have worn it around my neck to work every night since I received it. It's super bright and allows me both hands to work with and not have to hold a flashlight.
I haven't been playing that long but long enough to know I'm going to be playing this a long time.
Good coverage of UK Rugby Easy to install and use.
Fairly large for a countertop. Makes ice quickly. Good for daily use.
Really enjoying this mix of throwback music.
It's a good game but after the last update it won't work. Please fix it!
This was obviously aimed at electricians, my first thought was why doesn't it take the double sided driver tips? Instead of pressing a button to turn it on, you twist it. That's not a very good way to use it, a button would've been easier with the twisting having a lock function to change direction. Perhaps the best thing about this screwdriver is the fact you can charge it via USB. That's the reason I got it but I am debating returning it as it falls short in every category. My black and decker I got for 18 dollars is more ergonomic than this, even if they have a proprietary charger. Edit: I just used this on a jobsite all day and I have to say, the twisting didn't bother me as much as I thought it would, the led light is perfect, and although it doesn't take double sided bits I can forgive that as it chargers via usb. I don't think it's worth $30 but it is not as bad as I originally thought.
I bought this for a photographic trip as I usually get eaten alive and thought it would work well. Haven't left yet, but will review after wear. Looks good, fits well and no issues.
I removed a star because this case is beginning to fray at the edges, but I like this case because it keeps my paperwhite slim while still providing protection, and the style is simple but elegant.
If security is a big concern for you then I would recommend this pack. If not, there are other packs out there that will be easier to travel with. Seemed that the lack of organization pockets would be nice and minimal, but found them problematic in practice. Never needed to take advantage of the security features so I can't speak to those so much. All in all it was not a bad pack, just felt it could have had a little more organization that is easily accessible from the outside.
Worked well. Very compact for traveling.
Looks great, not sure how protective it is though. The edges could've been higher
NEW TO ME RIGHT NOW BUT LOVE TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO WATCH TV SHOWS AND MOVIES WHEN I WANT TO. I'M ONLY AFRAID THIS NEW PASTIME WILL TAKE ME AWAY FROM WHAT I HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF IN MY DAILY DUTIES.
The color is an antique brass color, not the coppery bronze color shown in the picture. I went ahead and used them because the color won't show too much under the cabinet shelves, but I would not order more. They are the size described and they are strong.
Was having fun until they said update and there's no way to do it
I love this brush. My only suggestion would be to re-engineer the lid to a more durable material. It breaks and does not stay snapped fairly quickly. I would create a stainless steel design for the whole tool and make it worth buying. Or, sell the replacement lids separately as parts for .25 cents. It currently is only worth abou $19 to my thinking because of how often it needs to be replaced.
Fit easily on my face and very comfortable
This battery lasts a long time and is reliable.Just don't care for the price. However, I did find the best price for it here.
I just started the game and it feels fun and I like the story.
Very easy to put up especially by yourself. The only true drawback at this time is that it's not very sturdy at the end where the poles are used. I use mine for my mobile bike repair business and when I use it the back end just falls to one side or the other. I'll have to get some rope and weights to eliminate this issue.
Love these, wish the leather was a little wider around the thumb and index finger. These do fit very well and keep my hands warm.
I like this design and the hex bits fit perfectly snug. I was able to get into hard-to-reach spots installing a motorcycle windscreen. But after light-duty use, one of the bits popped out of the handle--seems the bits are just press-fit into the handles.
I love that it can combine all of my libraries, but there are certain movies, I think maybe Sony is one, that will not show up with this app. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for that. It actually plays my movies better than they play on the apps that I purchased them on.
Only used it once, seems good
They appear to be good quality. They work good. I haven't tried push them to the limit, but I will order another set for the house.
works well on paint removal
It's not really kid friendly. Watch before allowing children to watch. Language and sexual situations. But funny for adults.
Although a bit flimsy the fit was good and is comfy looks nice. Has a nice long length.
Two of the 5 rods were broken into several pieces upon arrival.
The shirt would go too far up into the armpits area, but it was not something that was extremely intolerable.
So far, I really like this product. In SW Florida you can be overrun with underbrush, especially on unoccupied lots. This is really good at cutting items that a chainsaw is too large for, and loppers would be too slow. One downside: I 'really' needed the included sheath with belt loop holder, well, the top of the loop just tore right out after 5 minutes. Unsure how to proceed with carrying now.... Just a little frustrating.
Very nice jersey, love the material but the elastic on the arms are a bit too tight.
They came late but they cute. This my third pair!
Case broke the moment I opened it
Great game for me and you.
First order of this item when received was opened and had spilled. Call and received a replacement in no time at all.
Nice fit to my Trek DS 4. Tight and snug. I do not use the top compartment. In Florida, my phone overheats in it. No problem with the rest of it. A solid 4 or maybe 5. Pending on how you look at it.
This is the third one I have purchased. It last about 2-3 years and gets a lot of use. It is the most comfortable float for sitting and floating around the pool with a drink. It will deteriorate faster if you leave it in the sun, we store under roof. Good quality. Not a kids toy as the mesh can be ripped, but this is mine and I take care of it.
Very comfortable. Wide headband. Wide range of adjustability. The only problem I had with them is my glasses are quite large and get stuck inside. I must take off both the goggles and my glasses and then pry my glasses out of the goggles. I have this issue with most of the goggles I have used so it's just something I have gotten used to. Fast delivery and well packaged. I will order again.
Great item. My 9 year old loves it. Easy to use and reliable!!!!
I was generally pleased with this two pack of tees, made of an easy to wash microfiber fabric. The fit is true to size. The only negative is that these tees are really LONG. Don't get me wrong, I like a tee that covers my tummy and back end, but this is almost a min dress! I am 5'6" and this tee is really almost too long on me. On a shorter person it would be impossible.
The screen keeps having technical difficulties by cutting to black at frequent times for a few seconds and I'm not sure why
It seems to be a good deal. I haven't had top use it and hopefully won't, it's a warranty.
They dont last long but they are cheap and work very well. Dont submerge in water bc it may stop working.
Great gloves all around except lost star because the grip on the fingertips wore down fairly quickly
Solidly made. Tough.
I have 3 pair of these socks. I wear them when exercising 3 times a week at the gym + any long distance walking. I have ankle injuries that I've done PT for, which has increased my range of motion and strength, but not reduced swelling from trauma. These help immensely as I need the compression. They stay up mostly and moisture wick nicely. Often I can wear them more than once before I need to wash them.
I just looked at this suggestion to review my kindle cover and realize I didn't get the color I ordered. Instead of punch red i received a greyish-black. I was surprised i had ordered such a drab color. As to the cover itself it is durable, fits well, and lightweight.
Great tv in the upper mid range io quality
Works great looks great. Does make some noise but it was a great addition to my man's man cave.
While doing early Christmas Shopping for my kids and my niece I came across this adorable musical set. Since my kids are 8 and 10 I was trying to find something that my niece could use for a few years so it wasn't wasteful but also they don't have a lot of space in their apartment so I was trying to keep that in mind. I really love how everything fits into the backpack so it saves space but also so she can take it on the go. With 17 instruments I don't have to worry she will be bored after a few minutes. The pictures showed the tambourine had a giraffe, a monkey and a lion on it which I really liked but the one I received was actually a picture of a bee or maybe a butterfly so I was slightly disappointed by that. Overall it's a cute set but I do feel it is slightly on the expensive side for the quality and what you actually get.
Nice little mirror but the tint was too dark for me makes it hard to see,returned for refund .
Have not watched it yet.
at least the objects were not super easy too find. addictive time waster but fun. some objects real small strained my old eyes.
It was okay... didn't help my acne much
Gorgeous and stays on because you don't have to continually pull it up. Will snag very easily.
The design is adorable! I've had this on my Kindle Paperwhite for about 6 months and it works very well. Very easy to hold the Kindle with it on. The only complaint I would have is the corner edge pieces have broken off with normal wear and tear (keeping in my purse every day). I'm not exactly climbing Mount Everest...
What is the value for the price
one was missing a part so i return it. But i am ordering a new set.
The game is addicting.
They are what I wanted for form/function but one of red style will not turn off
Suction was good not great. I needed more
Great product makes the Echo portable and we use it around our pool
Because they left off a few oldies. BUT best singing group in the 70s.
Its a lityle smaller then i thought i got it for my Nintendo switch
I was initially very pleased with this product because of the flexibility in adjustments. Easy to install. My only issue with this product is that you could actually remove the angle mount from the wall with standard screwdrivers. Typically the only way you could remove a ring doorbell would be with the special screwdriver provided by ring.
haven't watched much of it yet. I watched it when it first came on tv
Works well with my portable saw...
Good product, it will do the job
This is a great game up to a point, sometimes a bit difficult.
This app is perfect for those who want to create a professional looking resume in half the time. Although the templates are a bit dull, you can still create a great, professional style resume absolutely free.
I liked the feel of it on my skin - not greasy--but don't forget to shake the bottle or the mineral oil does separate--so this is why i gave it only 4 stars.
So, occasionally I find a crack/check mark in a piece of wood that would be expensive to just cut out or discard. Drilling into the crack and injecting glue is often a good option.
Great lightweight sun shade that doesn't take up much space. Easy enough to fold with some practice.
Installed it minutes ago. Easy installation. Opened an existing xlr file in a few seconds. Incredible!
The physical remote eats batteries and keeps disconnecting from the fire tv box. Was really happy to have found this app as it is so easy to use
Just ordered this morning around 11am and got it before 8pm today. But I did the same day delivery. But still was happy about my product and I'am going to definitely order one for my mom as well. So thank you for your awesome service.
Great everything works not damaged. Worth the buy
Works well (keeps my dry in a rain storm), is well made and far sturdier than the cheap plastic ones.
Have been enjoying this game.
I like this slim lightweight cover and it fits very well - kindle snaps right into place. The back folds and stands up so I can watch movies easily. The only negative is that it does not have the inner hand strap which I always use when reading so I may have to get another.
Shirts run a little large.
good little saw but broke the blade cover off after 2nd using . company quickly replaced it for free.
Great knife, I have had it fie a short time. The only complaint is with the keeper to hold it in the pocket, other than that I am pleased.
Case is good and durable. Screen protector is junk. Its flimsy and terrible.
What can I say? They fit, they're comfortable, and only time will tell if they're durable, but by then they probably won't be made by the same manufacturer or they won't be available any more. Big business sucks.
nice looking unit well made but sound could be much better
This is a beautiful purse but was, unfortunately, much too big for me. Would love it if it were smaller. Check the measurements before ordering.
Works as expected. One star off as there is no cable management.
Basically a remake of 'Point Blank' with Lee Marvin
I've used this to speed up the time required to bring water to a boil for beer brewing on a gas burner. It will heat 5 gallons of water on it's own, but not to boiling in my tests.
This is a very fun game!
The first disc was missing in Season One.
I thought it would be a little stronger than what it is but it's alright, for the price it's really good. I used it in the automotive field and it serves its purpose
This is a cheap solution to missing or damaged bite valves on water bladders. Yes, they can leak a little bit. Not really any more than standard bite valves. I've gotten to the point that I buy the cheap bladders and sometimes the bite valves fall off or fail. Generally, the bladders are just as good as the full price ones, sometimes better.
Arrived in good time but arrived with a broken clip. It looks like the end was sowed off before being threaded through second eye on the clip. The clip was broken on one side and threaded through. When you pull it tight it will come out of place and slip loosely on your body. I taped it in place due to this being the only thing wrong. A time goes this will get replaced with something more sturdy. The rest is well made and works as advertised.
I got the 2mm earrings and they're perfect for everyday wear - although the 1mm would have been fine too. I gave 4/5 stars because they make my ears ITCH and HURT when it says it's sterling silver and not supposed to.
I like a very good working.
I like that the ends are looped with a nice rubber coated sleeve.
I like it for the gym
Love the game. Come join the fun!
useful but too expensive
Easy to hold and use. Magnification is not bad as stated. It comes with nice bag for storage. My 3 yr old loves to use it.
These are very lightweight plastic. I was expecting something a little more sturdy. It did not hold a standard plastic water bottle as it fell out during a ride. Otherwise it is a good price for what you get.
Nice size, fresh product.
It's great for backpacking...good taste....however, the texture of watery eggs is something I had to get used to. But, you can't beat the ease of preparation for the dehydrated meal and a hot breakfast of eggs & bacon on a cold morning.
good flavor when mixed with eggs, just don't add any salt to the eggs
Just installed and so far so good. Very easy.😀
Good tv had it for a while. However shortly after purchase had one black line going through it. Their support said it was normal to have it so I disregarded it. I then found out recently through a close friend that he got his replaced over a black line said it can lead to future problems. Feel a little betrayed but overall the tv had worked fine. So if you get one be picky about stuff even if it don't seem too big.
Bought as a gift for my friend he loves it. I kinda wanted to keep it for myself, but I already have one
Very pretty on night rides easy to put on, although no directions came with product
Fun, a few new twists from other sized games. Worth a try, so join the fun.
I like it. It looks good and is pretty bright. I just cant find a decent holster for it.
It came very fast and I received it yesterday... I had nice packaging. Nothing was broken. But the only thing was it was kinda hard to wash the wax off of it. and I used mine of the fake scar for Halloween. Lastly, the last problem was it was not that sharp.
Is easy, and mindless play. Deb
Much better than emery boards but not the best glass/crystal nail files; not as fine as others I have purchased.
Really like the color and style. Fits perfectly, feels good to know my tablet is protected. Wish it could stand on its own without support otherwise really great buy.
Make sure to buy you some Dewalt blades for both saws, the ones it comes with are gonna snap on you first use, mark my words. Don't even try to use them, throw them away and install a better brand blade, you won't regret it. The set came with a back up battery... good thing because you'll need it if using for an all day project. 5 hours use requires both batteries and of course the tools' power output cannot touch a Craftsman or Dewalt when you really need it for specific jobs, BUT all in all, gets the job done and great set for having basic tools on hand for DIYers at home!
Great little flashlight! Good lighting distance. Hand crank a bit awkward until you get the hang of it. Does what it claims.
The light is bright but it does not hold a charge long
Good quality, but a bit stiff. Credit card pockets are tight.
Love this set. BUT there seems to be a specific way things like to be put back in the pouch. Taking out the fork or spoon and trying to put it back I feel like I'm going to break the pouch. Luckily the pouch is very durable! If you aren't looking for style points but necessity, convience and/or a handy compact set of silverware you won't regret grabbing this set. I've already used mine more times than I can count, surprising how often I've found myself pulling my silverware out. I don't like using plastic utensils and this has made my life style change choice very easy!
Works good. Sometimes have issue with it pinching, but once a move around a bit, it's fine.
I liked the product. Wasn't properly sealed, shampoo spilled in the bag.
This is a great tool to use on long threaded bolts where you need to spin quickly, but can't use a socket. It is especially useful on car struts, allowing you to remove the top nut, while holding the shaft with an hex or torx wrench. Used it to remove the Subaru struts, and this made quick work of it. Packing was not great. I ordered on tool set, and it was obviously used, and was missing a socket. Returned it and ordered another, that also looked like it was dragged across the floor. The retail packaging was worn and damaged, but it did no appear to be used. It could be the third party vendor who is selling old stock.
Great for power outages
For glare and rain very good.the looks of my last post was better but I believe this pr.may have a more stable frame
Was pretty easy to attach my bike and set it all up. It feels sturdy even when I'm pedaling fast. The noise is pretty annoying, but I'm still not 100% sure it's the fault of the stand or if it's my tire. Maybe both 🤷 Just have to crank up the music in the garage to drown it out as best I can.
I was a loyal TurboTax user until they no longer supported my Mac operating system. I figured I'd give this software a try. It's almost same process as TurboTax but cheaper. Just follow the questions, fill in your info (or import it), and everything is calculated.I read a review about the update that doesn't update. It's true but a minor annoyance. A very good tax software alternative.
Nice to get early news on weekends
It looks nice when finished, drawers hold things. We did not put the wheels on as this is for storage in the kitchen so it won't be moved around much. Do NOT ignore the instruction that two people are required. It is absolutely imperative that you have two people to assemble- one to hold the pieces snug together, and one to screw/nail the pieces together. It took my husband and I about 4 hours to put this together. The nails included don't work too well (very tiny, being a bit sharper would have helped), we had to hammer unbelievably hard to get the nails to go into the wood to attach the back to the unit and the bottoms to the drawers. There are a few places where the screw holes in one piece did not line up with the edge of the connected piece, which resulted in the screw cracking the wood and coming through the wood. We will need to cover these spots with tape so we don't cut ourselves on the screws when digging around in the drawers- this is why one star was taken off: poor planning on screw hole locations. I was tempted to rate it only 3 stars due to how difficult it was to put together, but it seems sturdy, and it's also real wood instead of particle board. It seems like it will last awhile. I guess ultimately I would rate it 3.5 stars if I could rate halfs.
Haven't used them yet but he feels like they will work he wanted them for fishing . But he will not be able to wear them over his tennis shoes had to get a way smaller shoe to but them in got xxxl
I thought the stones would be larger, but still a cute ring.
I wanted a different looking case, and this fits the bill. Well made. Probably wished I would have bought a solid color. I think the pattern will grow on me.
not always is easy to use with some equipment.
Work as intended and havnt broken yet
It did what I needed it to do
I purchased 4 of these and one was damaged but still works(hopefully this won't affect the life of it). Not sure about the battery life yet. They seem to be made well.
I use these with camping to keep water at the campsite. They pack well and hold up well but they are prone to getting holes so don't rely on just one.
Another good product
I think this holds hair better than the white hair nets we bought, this one has more cling. I think it does keep hair out
Love to hear these live
Great trailer, bitch to assemble. And that's due to CRAPPY, nearly-useless directions. I had to do a google search to find out how to connect it to my bike because it WASN'T IN THE "DIRECTIONS" so-called. That's my only complaint but it's a big one.
First attempt to wax a canvas item so started with my favorite hat. Once you fine-tune the amount of heated wax to apply, the process was simple. Hair dryer was useful tool to help reheat the wax after application to smooth out areas of application. Full water proofing. Worked like a charm!
Very strong for it's test. More memory then I like. Dissapears well
This product is as advertised. Gloves fit well and feel well made
I downloaded it for a smart tv and found it difficult to move the curser. I love the game bud didn't like it on the TV
These are a nice quality but too loose. Even when I slide them to the very end of the temples of my sunglasses they don't fit snugly around my head. But I read here that someone else fixed that by cutting off a bit of the ends to shorten them, so I think I'll give that a try.
Fun game. Except 15 levels in you cannot win or enjoy without spending money, lots of money. I hope for more value for my hard earned dollar. Maybe it is just me. I find no fault in the developers being rewarded for their hard work, I just want my money to stretch more. But, a good game.
These leggings are super comfortable and I wear them a lot at the gym. I'm 5'4” and they fit me as regular length leggings, which is what I was expecting. Unfortunately they slide down a lot when I wear them at the gym so they're not great for running.
I love this game! It is very immersive and there are many missions and events. I just dislike how much experience it takes to be able to make a Mon max 6.
Looks elegant and feels luxurious! It's just a tad bit too small but still wearable
This game is fun. I like it a lot.
These almost always work, and are well worth the price for the clothing they've protected. Unfortunately there have been a few items that bled and this didn't catch the dye. Overall I still like and use them, though.
We love the bigger screen. We still find new things Alexa can do. Amazing!
Needs to be sharpened, but not bad.
Nothing wrong with the item, but when Amazon tells me it was delivered on Wednesday, and it really came on Friday, leaves a sour note on the delivery person's ability to read a address label.
This maybe my best purchase from Amazon!!! I did what felt like as much research as humanly possible before deciding to buy this bike... Money well spent, I couldn't be happier than I am right now writing this (3 months) after purchase. To those that had a bad experience... I'm truly sorry that you were not pleased with what you received, but I dare say that you over expected... Ancheer did Not under deliver!!! The assembly was a cinch and the battery last for a surprising long time when using pedal assist. I purchased a new (wider) seat, the bag and rack before my bike got delivered. So when my bike arrived (two days earlier than expected) I was able to put it together completely (in less than two hours) and I have been riding ever since!!! Ancheer did an amazing job on this bike and I say this without question, "this is only my first ebike, it won't be my last"!!!
Assembly instructions aren't the best so this took a little longer than I would have wanted, and I didn't have all my tools with me so I had to improvise, but I did get it put together and it's pretty sturdy considering it's bolted together from little strips of metal. The built in light is a nice touch as is the electrical outlets on the sides. Drawer slides are a tiny bit "sticky" and it would be nicer to have 5 or 6 outlets instead of 3 (especially when the light uses 1) but if you're looking for an economical work table for your shop or garage, this is a good choice
Cute shirt but doesn't have the knot like it shows in the picture. Just have to tie it on your own.
I purchased these on a whim because I thought they would be useful to me. I used them on a couple trips and found them to work well but did not really work for what I was doing. If they auto adjusted I think I would have liked them better but having to push in the adjuster button and move the jaws one spot was sometimes tricky so I took them out of my travel box and put them in my home tool box. This tool is built amazingly well though and it works well which is why I am still giving it 4 stars. It just didnt work well for what I planned on using it for.
Love it been playing for a year and can do the puzzles over in different formats.
The case is nice and probably saved me from dinging the remote multiple times. The strap piece of the silicone ripped however so I can't use that anymore. 5 stars if the silicone didn't rip.
Works well for small projects and for beginners
This series is so addicting
very easy, quick installation. no other difference with web searches but with peace of mind of the added security
It is a little difficult to put up
The only reason it's missing a star is because it came damaged. Was going to return it but not worth the hassle since the Blu-ray itself was still good.
Great cheap bag, have used it for past 1.5 years on 5 backpacking trips and no issues so far.
A fun game that gets you hooked. Takes some practice and as you gain experience it gets easier. Update January 9, you get to a point where several of the tank upgrade features do no work. Gets kind of frustrating and you can't upgrade and no real help file to go to.
Lasted exactly 2 years. Not bad for the priced. Will buy again.
I just received the product today. First impressions are good. The smell is pleasant and not over powerfull. The bottle is smaller than expected for the price but will be worth it if it's as good as they claim.
Work just fine. Throat is a little smaller than I expected but it works.
Just okay not quite as smooth as other ones
Work's great, real cute,but pretty expensive and coming from Russia,there just buttons glued onto a magnet.
Because nothing's perfect.
I thought I'd save myself time getting the version of Windows on a flash drive, but the install failed over and over and I ended up downloading and creating my own install media anyway. Product key worked fine. I'm dinging the "easy to install" category only because if the unusable install device. Once I made my own everything went smoothly.
I love the rack itself, but those stick-on labels are terrible. They should offer some metal stick-on labels with better adhesive at extra cost or something. Aside from that I love these rails.
what can i say.... SKITTLES
The extension belt was missing. So do I get money off
I have used these several times for both weekend and longer trips since I purchased these 6 months ago. I like that I can keep things organized, which makes unpacking easier, and that I can have a bag for shoes/dirty clothes. One zipper has started to give a little bit, which is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars.
I bought a second Kindle and downloaded my favorite All in One Solitaire game. Although the games are the same, the layout and some rules have changed. I go and forth between the two Kindles from old to new one. I guess I just need to get used to the new look and rules.
They were too long. I gave them to a friend. She loves them. Kept her warm and dry snowboarding.
This is a great product. It folds into a nice little light weight cylinder shaped piece that is easy to store and use whenever. My bike has kind of a weird frame so it's kind of hard to set it on the bike, but I just take it with me when I go on bike rides in my back pack just in case, and luckily it comes with a couple small patches for a quick fix if need be. Another nice thing is it comes with some car and motorcycle adapters but I dont really see myself using it for that. Would recommend.
Have not had to use it yet, but fits great in bag.
Shower head is good for the price. If you want something inexpensive that gets the job done this should do. It really helped with my water pressure issue.
The scarf combo is nice and warm.
He has only built the robot so far
Being self sufficient, I enjoy doing those things some men expect their wives to do. This kit is great for sewing on lost buttons and other minor repairs.
This is my second cup turner that I purchased from Amazon. Much sturdier and the foam to hold the cups is much more versatile. I would definitely recommend.
Will not ignite. Have to return it. I will order another and change my rating if the new one works. Update : the new one lights just fine after I fiddled with the adjustment (it still will not light if I follow the instructions!) Have not had a chance to use it yet but it does ignite.
Dependable, light face cream. More bang for your buck than those pricey little tubes and jars.
works as expected. material is very thin compared to past herb bags i have owner. worried that will shorten life of this product.
Smaller then expected, but they did say 2 inch. There was 2 styles. Didn't get the same number if each. That's why I didn't give 5 stars.
Interesting concept. Well executed. Good acting. Not overly deep.
Very well made, especially for the price. Nice quality. Runs just a bit smaller than you might expect. Size up knowing it needs to fit over other clothes.
Nice set of tools for metal earth models. It would be better if the square bender had an open end.
They are air mattresses so they are not the most comfortable thing to sleep on, even when not fully inflated. However we needed to be able to sleep a couple extra people on the camper floor and they worked great for that purpose.
Very high-quality sox, but not designed for running/anti-sweat/breathing. I don't regret buying them for situations where I need a thicker sock; however, I was looking for more of a sport sock that is thin and breaths well. Overall a good quality product for anyone seeking a thicker sport sock.
Good quality no question about it! Although they're not clean at all!! Planning to return them because of it.
It was sturdy and did the job. It heated up fairly fast and wa easy to hang. Great for a quick outdoor shower.
I like the Honey Nut Cheerios especially since I am Gluten Free.
Easy to use and install. Happy there is no annoying sound announcing a call has been received.
I'm a prepper. Not used these really but tested 2-3 cycles and appear good to go. Price is right, quality acceptable. If they don't puke, I'd buy more. Battery quality is really my only concern- to be seen.I consider these emergency backup equipment. Or for camping. I leave these on a window sill to charge.
I have used Quicken for many years and it is extremely useful to download and track expenses, create reports, import data into Turbo Tax and much more. That said, it was very disappointing when Quicken now basically forces you to buy a new version every single year by way of subscription if you want to keep downloading information from banks, mutual funds, etc. Before you could keep that feature and just buy a new version every 2 to 3 years.
Everything about this light shows good design. The diameter of the light is less than some other lights I've tried which is good. The on/off switch are fool proof to keep you from mistakenly changing the lights brightness.
This washer works great. but it's small. We are two people, we cook everday from scratch. so you still have wash big pots{they take to much room). You can't jam pack washer, so it's takes some practice to maxium amount of dishes done. It does work great
So good for hanging tools on. Clip could be slightly tighter to prevent it lifting up when removing tools.
It did take a long time to receive, but I am one happy customer! The clip is sturdy and I will be hard pressed to break it. This is no cheap pot metal replacement but high quality. The screws provided didn't quite want to screw into the holes but that is okay because I had the originals. The seller was very helpful and responded quickly when contacted. Glad to have my EDC knife back in action!
Works great..price is right
The fit is great...love the case
Works just like the big name brands, with the exception of the lack of yummy flavor coating. Basic care basically works. It would be nice if the manufacturer would not use excessive packaging, which is wasteful and makes you think there is a lot more product then there actually is. You will find this packaging issue even with the big name brands. Good day.
Makes my single stack undetectable. But is hell on your hands when running tap/rack drills.
Working so far no problem
Product was shipped on time. I used it for ratchet wrenches fit snug at first and loosened up a little. Only thing I'd like to see on this would be rings in the top corners so you could hand on a peg board.
Very comfortable for what it is. My son really doesn't like stuff on his face but seeing he like to go under water it does just the job. Doesn't seem to fog up like most do. Doesn't leave huge red marks on or around the face and doesn't fill up with water.
Wish I could turn off red light in back and had to settings for greenlight
I enjoy word games. This one not only makes you think about where The word is but what a word could be with the titles.
What a deal. Love these tires! Smooth ride. Great deal. We'll see how long they last, but so far so good!
Good gameplay. Progression system needs major work. Very frustrating to earn in game credits to buy loot crates and either get stuff you don't want it get duplicates. They will make it better in the next few months, if for no other reason than Disney's insistence.
I absolutely love this app! It looks great visually, so it's great on the eyes 😝 At the moment I just wished there was a bigger selection for unlimited 😩
Great movie and acting. Well done to the end.
Good game it is very addicting. I cant go further than level 20. I also wish there was a way to see your past levels and maybe play them again. Maybe with another update you will add more levels I'll kelp the app on my device and wait for more levels.
Very pretty cover with slight sparkles. Works as advertised. I have had other ayotu covers and they have creative designs. I bought this one after my last ayotu cover was chewed by my dog! Great product.
unit is working very good
One of the best adaptations of a Stephen King novel yet, although no one screenplay can ever do his books justice.
This bottle is quite large and very well constructed. My only negative is that it doesn't seem to hold temperature very well.
Perfect size for my son to watch his DVD's. Works Good so far. Very Pleased
I used this the same day I received it. Ran it non stop for about two hours with no problems. I didn't have to change the belt (80 grit). When I do have to replace the belt, it is easy as pie. Just move a lever, move old belt, replace new one, move the lever back to the original position. There is also a tracking screw should you need to align the belt. I like the fact that it can be used inverted and attached to work bench. Clamps were include. Also included was a dust bin. However, i did have to empty the dust bin quite often. However, they do give you the option (and the adaptors) to hook it up to a shop vac. So far so good.
It would be nice if Stanley would make a smaller set, and a larger set. Instead they try to meet many needs which adds to price. I use the small punches (along with a set of roll punches) for simple gunsmithing. I don't need punches to disassemble cars.
A little too orchestral for my taste but overall an excellent album.
This product came folded because of delivery.
I gave 3-4 of these to the fellows in my life. They seem to like it, as things don't spill out!
okay - did not need magnet
Could use more newborn items.
The concept and design are really nice, it was smaller than I expected but it is compact and will store easily.
I'm a paramedic that works in a high meth area. And I frequently have to restrain and or generally deal with meth heads being meth heads. I wanted some gloves both that would give me some protection from random meth-objects, or getting bitten, as well as being cleanable, and keeping my hands warm in the winter. For all of the above, the gloves worked really well and I was pleased with the purchase. My only complaints were there's a definite rubber/chemical smell, which wouldn't be a problem in itself, except the smell lingers on your hands. And the rubber started to crack and peel after about a month. But given the fair price, that isn't the end of the world, but I'd be happier if they lasted 2-3 months.
The digital copy card was missing from the case, kind of upset about this. Otherwise it's just fine
It was smaller than I expected but other than that it works great
Could be studier but then they couldn't get in as tight locations.
Paid for itself in first use. I resized about 5 watches in under 2 hours and did everything from replacing spring bars to watch bands. Didn't use battery removal tool because I read on reviews this didn't have a piece to compress the watch backs after opening and indeed it doesn't! But for $12 it's worth the price. The quality of the tools is 4 stars, the 2 pronged pin punch broke on one side but other than that it's worth it. Only one broke and I didn't really need it so it's a steal at this price. Do it!
I am a Brazilian jiu jitsu practitioner, and this is my favorite rash guard. It has held up well in 2-4 days per week of training and it shows few signs of wearing out anytime soon. I love the side vents in the underarms. I cannot say if it truly makes a big difference, but it certainly feels much better. The only complain I have is that the hem of one sleeve is coming undone quite rapidly. This is no problem to me because I can fix it easily, but I would have preferred it need a bit longer before necessitating repairs.
Would be better if my pop went up +1 on small houses
Don't want to hear the same music almost every day....
It's a good game but when you run out of power ups the only way to get more is to use real cash because the game doesn't give you more power ups i wish that you could win more power ups by playing the game.
I bought it for my elderly grandma, and she had shown it to everyone nearby, i am sure she loves it !
We are using the TV as a monitor for the security cameras at our church. The picture quality for the cameras is very good. The only reason I did not rate it a 5 is because we are not using the sound so I don't know the sound quality.
as of now the tube is up I will know more about it as time goes on and I have ridden the atv a little more
Great for placing nails in tighter spaces. Works as expected and a good little tool to have in your Tool box for household projects. I'd give it 5 stars if it was made of metal.
So far it is up to par for what I'm doing. Doesn't jam and is dumb proof. The only complaint is the boxing. It comes with a set of instructions, 2 Allen wrenches and the nail gun in a box. No packing material whatsoever.
Love the Monkees. Great CD. Monkees still got it! But, Amazon has lost their touch when packing items. CD case was broken, as it was stuffed in an envelop and sent out to us. Every CD we have ever bought from them has been broken. :(
A bit weird but seeing Eva Green in all her nude glory was a definite pleaser.
Prefer the bigger ones but these were ok for cooking
I bought it for a gift
The lock is long enough to lock a few bikes. The piece that is used to secure the lock on the bike does not work. You may lose your lock by using the attachment. I did. Just wrap the lock onto the bike for easy storage.
These arrived quickly and are as described. I'm knocking off a star because they are not as bright as I was hoping for. Good value, easy install.
Super comfortable but the waist is way too big for me. 5'6 140lbs and ordered a medium
I haven't bothered to check whether there are better pinball apps for Kindle but this one is pretty alright. Play is a little slow, so if you want to kill time, this is a good way to do it.
Not perfect, but good. American Pie full length version, Awesome !!! Was my first 45 rpm record. I was in 5th grade at the time.
The grease gun can be a little heavy to hold for long periods but it works awesome and has a long battery life! I added a grip tip to it which makes this grease gun even better! I've greased many machines with it so far and never lets me down
have bought this before and will again
Overall I've liked this set over the past few years but it has a few serious design flaws which for me meant that I had to reassemble it using a heavy helping of blue threadlocker after it fell apart in my bag. As a bonus I only managed to lose one of the washers! -The lock washers that are used to hold the thing together are the cut washer type which from an engineering standpoint literally do nothing once everything has been tightened. I supposed they could help in light of the next design flaw I will mention but in my case they didn't. It's truly astonishing that manufacturers have ever used these types of lock washers and completely insane that they continue to do so. -The rods that threads through each end and are responsible for tying all the individual tools together are about 1/4" too short. This means that when you tighten it down you don't tighten against the rod, you tighten against all of the tools. The effect of this is that you can't really tighten them down an effective amount because the individual tools won't be able to swing out. They did put a small dab of blue threadlocker on it but it wasn't enough to prevent mine from falling apart. I suggest that anyone who buys this disassembles it and puts a healthy helping of blue or maybe even red threadlocker on the threads. Once applying a bunch of threadlocker it seems to stay together enough for infrequent use. If you are someone who only has this for emergencies then I consider it a worthwhile tool for your pack. If you are planning on using this frequently then I suggest looking elsewhere. I see a lot of complaints about rust but unfortunately that is the nature of things. Stainless would be too heavy (and softer), aluminum would be too soft, and titanium would be too expensive. I suppose there could be a better coating on it but in the end you just need to not let it sit around wet. Keeping it slightly oiled would also help.
Fits almost anything
I'd rather have the full website easier to read easier to use
Great quality! I bought 3 of these... all three look great. I thought they would have a little blank space between the edges and the letters. The letters go edge to edge. Not like typical military name tapes but great quality. They have the hook side of Velcro stick very nicely without having to worry about it coming loose. I will buy more when I need more.
Had to return it tivo did not workout.
Note: these carabiners are not to be used for holding weight (as in climbing)! The package contained 2 large-sized, 3 mid-sized, and 10 small-sized carabiners, plus 8 small key rings, 2 key tags, and one braided cable loop with a threaded screw closure. The larger carabiners have a locking mechanism to guard against inadvertent opening. The assortment of sizes in this package of connectors provides for many uses, such as organizing keys and providing a way to connect and "quick-release" from belts, loops, hooks, etc. The carabiners' springs are sturdy so they can be relied upon to keep your keys safe. I was happy with this purchase.
I bought my sets individual. But you can get these with the cups and bowls. Easy to clean at the campsite and our very durable.
Bought this TV as a Christmas present since I have the 6 series 2017 version. I looked into the features and was surprised how many features where missing from last years model. Before I get into that, the picture quality and sound are fantastic. Absolutely no complaints on that. The smart hub is very easy to navigate and Samsung has by far the best smart TVs. Now for the features. It might be something small but this TV doesnt have the same amount of samsung Smart phone integration as the last year model. In the 2017 version you can use your phone as an extended speaker or if you want to listen to the TV without disturbing someone sleeping but in this one you cant. I could also watch whatever was on the TV on my phone and this was very useful if I was leaving the room and wanted to continue watching if I was in the garage, kitchen, etc. But again in this one you cant do that. The only thing yo ih can do, like any other smart TV nowadays, is stream from your phone to the TV. Every TV these days can do that so it's a shame that Samsung took that out of this version. Anyway, TV is overall great but the lack of smart phone features as compared to last years version was a slight disappointment.
It's actually on photo paper, in case anyone is wanting poster Version. I love it, doesn't take way from it at all.
Loaded quickly. Quick search, found what I was looking for.
I purchase the service and the card is sent to my family. They receive and use the money card on anything they desire from Amazon. It works great! ( Dion't mess it up by trying to "improve" the service, leave it alone ).
for me ok for hard worker not good
Spring mechanism gave out quicker than I would have liked but it's a fairly durable one for the cost
The top being exposed to the air makes it so that if you aren't paying attention dust and debris can get on it. Bottle sweats. Keeps things cool for like 1 hour longer than bottles without a layer of foil. Inside of bottle has dimples that make it way harder to clean.
Very nice product. Saw pictures of people that had dents in there product and thought it was just maybe a few and it happens. But was bummed out mine came out like that when I unwrapped. And a dent in the front. I wouldn't have a problem if it wasn't in the front. Also one of the top. Other than that it's awesome for price and what it looks like. Would like company to contact me.
4 starts for overall good quality. I wish they would block more noise.
Works, but something about it is smaller than my otoscope. We fixed this problem by folding a small piece of aluminum foil for the base. Now it works perfectly.
Fair case for a fair price. Not the sturdiest but well built and reliable. Perfect for housing my podcast mic, cords, whiskey bottle and 4 shot.glasses all set for travel.
Love the bag... pockets are much bigger than they look! My 8month old GSD weighs about 50 lbs right now and he bag is a bit too big for her. My only complaint (and reason for 4 stars) is that the straps do not stay tight. If we go for a walk or run the straps end up loosening and then the bag starts sliding off her. I am hoping when she fills out a bit more we won't have a problem with having to have the straps so tight.
Pretty good for the money. It is cheaper than renting one for a few hrs or day. Gets the job done.
This is my 4th Kindle. Before I bought the Voyage, I borrowed the Oasis, Voyage, and Paperwhite from my local library. I kept renewing the Voyage for 4 months before I bought it. Pros: Lightweight, lighting is not overpowering, advance pages using light-touch buttons or touch screen swipe, power button is on the back (not the bottom), and adding books from email links is simple. Cons: It's pretty pricey as compared to the Paperwhite and occasionally I hold the button too long or too hard and the Voyage goes forward two pages rather than one.
When I received my monitor it was not working. Finally a friend told me to change the battery and it worked. They sent it to me with a dead battery!!
About an inch shorter than I'm used to my boxers, but decently quality and they look good. I suppose shorter ain't bad...easier access eh? It was kind annoying but I had black link all over my goods till after about two washes (of the boxers and my goods). You have that to look forward to.
Good game with mini games and tasks to complete
I bought this for the garden. I would have given the bag 5 stars but its a little small. Bag is well made.
Nice backpack for exercise
My favorite. Great for travelling.
A bit large for a size 8. But it shines so nice!! Looks great. It's a tad brighter and lighter than my real diamonds but perhaps with wear it'll settle in. Looks great with my real diamonds! Love it.
I actually bought this by mistake since I have the B&D Matrix Drill/Driver. I could have just bought the impact attachment. But I decided to keep this since I got it at a great price (increased by almost $25 right after I bought it) and since some reviewers have stated that it works better than the attachment. I have a more powerful, expensive impact driver but I don't like taking that on smaller jobs such as putting something together at a craft fair. So I take this one instead. It does the job and seems to have ample power, even for the bigger jobs. Four things where I think this tool might not stack up to my more powerful, more expensive impact driver. My other driver has a bright LED light, battery level indicator, auto loading quick release, and a bigger, but light Lithium battery. Still this is a great tool and I'm glad I kept it!
We love the light chocolate flavor with a dash of salt on the peanuts. The little can is great for travel when you need a protein pick-me-up, that tastes like dessert. They taste best when eaten at one sitting or within a couple days.
I bought the 5 color set and tested all of them. I was a bit puzzled as to why they made a dark pink and a light pink one - personally. I would have preferred subbing out the light pink set for a purple or red. The colors and sparkle show up well enough on black and white paper with one layer, but on dark paper look much better with at least 2 layers (be careful though because multiple pass-throughs will start soaking through the papers and I noticed particularly with the light pink marker that it picked up black paper fibers). Overall, these are fun markers and I will enjoy having them in my collection, but if you are looking for the best sparkle pens, my first recommendation is the Uniball Signo brand. I also have the Sakura Gelly sparkles, and I would consider those second - they both have way more colors and don't soak through the paper. I see the advantage of the sharpie ones in that their uses will extend beyond paper but that's about it.
Works great. The door to VHS player does not close properly, but it doesn't hurt anything.
The hose for sawdust removal is pretty flexible and sturdy. Bag has ties to cinch to hose. You will need Teflon tape to complete assembly. Can't really beat the price on this- sure it won't be the same quality as the high quality brands but unless you're using this constantly I'd say it'll do the job. So long story short, if you're a finish carpenter maybe go with a bigger badder orbital but if you're a weekend warrior go ahead and purchase it.
like the bag... no issues
This is the best all natural gum I've found. It tastes good and lasts a decent amount of time. Highly recommend PUR products when opting to get away from all the dangerous chemicals used in traditional gum manufactures.
The chain is very short for standard adult but still looks beautiful. Only problem I have found so far, is when is arrived it was knotted in the back.
This is a product I purchased before and it is consistent with my last purchase
Nice smell, indeed as some reviewers said more masculine than lavender or espresso. Coffee? Not at all. Hands feel smooth after use, but using it since few days regularly and no visible change of dried skin
i really liked this rack, however it did not work on my bike because i don't have enough seat post available to attach it to. I will need to get a frame mounted rack instead. i am returning it.
Nice set.... Very complete.... Tight case!
Nice shades. Only draw back are that the arms scratch my head when I put them on.
Love the music. Great collection. Disappointed that this music did not download to My Music on Amazon music.
After about four times washing the MASH logo started disappearing. Can barely see now.
Gave as a gift to an outdoorsman. It was enjoyed.
I like these for the price but they have some issues they flicker some times n when they are just normal not dark they are green n like kinda dark to begin with so I cant wear em inside all day like I wish they were clear then go dark but for the price they work fine n if ya just throw em on for 10 min here n there for spot welding there perfect or in my case plasma burning they wrk
They're great, I only wish the had the big number 2 on the side of the nipple instead of the rim, it's hard to tell the size without searching for it
Was a cute way to send a gift card.
Then poles were great, they came with no damage, and they were the correct length. Only issue was that the ending poles were not specified, they were not correct, couldn't fit the poles around the tent peice.
I have been wanting this style of necklace for a while, but was looking for an affordable one. This one fit the bill and I got to customize it with the amount of discs I wanted on it. I love it and get complements on it all the time. I love it so much I hate taking it off!
Fun game! Not too hard. Great to play to pass the time, not too complicated.
This sound bar is really good for the price. It has nice bass and sound. It does not have a subwoofer or an input for it. But its sounds quilty is better than a lot out there
....Fantastic Beasts Was entertaining but to me lacked the overall charm of Harry Potter movies ... But if you were a Harry Potter fan you should check this out ...
Nice looking got but loses one star for lack of instructions. I actually returned the first one of these I bought because I thought it was broken You have to unscrew the entire front all the way off and remove the little black piece of paper between the battery and the light. It would be nice if that was in the package information somewhere.
Gave to mmy grandson, he loves it.
This thing has the power but it is really slow I knew that but wen you use it very time consuming even with the sharpest drill bit good for boron steel on new cars but my adapter that screws into the plastic handle keeps coming loose the threads are pulling out so my drill may be dun for soon I think 550 rpm would be better
Highly visible, but reflective material on palm wears quickly. Great if you don't handle objects. Great for traffic control.
Works fine as a life jacket with a lot of pockets.
My husband has put them to the test and we just got them
The battery fit the drill and charger very well, and held charge as the original,
I've gotten some pretty good use out of these they are worth the money. They look good too.
Needs about 1 inch more space in between shelves. No way I'm actually getting 166 bottles in this guy.....but it's quiet, looks good and I'm essentially happy.
I had to purchase $5.00 gifts for some outdoor enthusiasts. I took a chance on these since two came in the package. The young men who received them seemed to be very interested in them and actually put them on right away. It became a group discussion as they looked for all the features and felt it was well worth the price.
Pretty good product for the price. Will come out handy to play DVDs and CDs from the library during the road trip as well as at home.
Love having all the sizes in the set. A few won't stay in their spots in the case when closing it which is kind of a pain. Otherwise a good set at a good price.
Beware- this is very spicy! But good and easy to make.
Arrived on time and in excellent shape. I appreciate all the info Swiss Army Knife has available to buyers because I had no idea how many different combos of tools there are! Had no trouble selecting a Father's Day gift for my husband - noticed he hadn't carried a knife for a while and this one is perfect. I'd give a 5 but I'll save it for next time.
Nice grips, replaced the OEM grips on my Santa Cruz with these. They have held up half a season so far without any tearing or slipping.
Better than most I have bought but not perfect. I work in a cooler sometimes. Keeps my hand warm, but not easy to pick things up with it.
This has a very good bond strength, and a little more work time than some others. I would have given 5 stars, however the caps that come with the bottle do not work well and the caddy is sort of cheap and flimsy
First of all, the quality and fabric is great. Very comfortable, stays on my head, and does a great job of shielding my face much better than a baseball cap does. The downside? There's no way to not look nerdy in this thing. It is not attractive. It is not stylish. I really only wear it when I'm working in my yard alone. Tried to wear it out on the boat with family, but got made fun of.... so I'll stick to other styles when out in public.
The lanterns operate fine; I still have to operate them a little longer to see if there are any defects.
Screwdriver and battery were missing
I like it, but it's not always reliable. Sometimes goes completely black. No image. Sucks. Otherwise its pretty good.
Really nice. Frames were in need of adjustment though.
Omg I love my personalized cup! I'm a little sad at it came out light pink instead of dark pink but I got passed that. They delivered the cup to me a day earlier! I'm so happy and definitely will be ordering again!
I love my umbrella. Comes with NO a carrying case. The quality is very nice. The cover is good and sturdy material and very pretty. The handle, post and top point are a good sturdy plastic. The umbrella opens easily with the auto button and closes 1/2 way only with the auto button. You do have to push the main bar down quite forcefully to get it fully closed. The construction seems very sturdy. The picture is spot on as far as the color and appearance you get. It shipped quite fast and was well packaged, and arrived undamaged. I think this is a very nice item
I get about 1 year out of these racks using them how I do. I configure them in a few different ways on two different bikes I use for fishing and carrying stuff in to the back country. They usually carry about 20 pounds, but on a mountain bike and I don't take it easy. They get beat up. They also get salt water on them, and one of them usually gets left outside for the majority of the year, thousands of miles on the back of my car. The first rack lasted about 2 years, kinda. I used it for two years but the supports broke and I rigged a different set up. Then all the welds failed the next year, all of them. I held it on with zip ties to the main shaft for a few days because I was remote and had no choice. The second one went even worse, it broke in about 8 months but that one lived outside, lots of use on trails, and sometimes carried 35 pounds or more. Real trails too. I will probably buy another one honestly, but I do debate trying some more rugged options that cost maybe twice as much. If I got a full year without anything breaking on one of those it would be worth it. Still, I think these are a good bargin. I debated 3 stars, but really, they are probably 3.5-4 so I rounded up. It is nice they work on just about any bike- I have used them on all kinds of frames and tires from 1.5" to 5" tires, and they come with plenty of parts I always have stuff left over.
Seems to want to move slowly even when it's tightened down. It fits my phone nicely and works for what I need
It killed some time.
I use these for my elderly mother that often does not eat or eat enough. She is also diabetic so we have to watch her blood glucose levels as well. I wish they had a diabetic formula with a lot less carbs in it and a but more protein. I know their story and it is formulated for a complete balance meal, but really we all can do with a fraction of the crabs that are in this. I like it for the added vitamins and minerals in the product which is often lacking in other protein drinks. Their flavors are not the best. the original in the white bottle is not very good at all. I like the blue vanilla one and the chocolate is ok. The strawberry give my acid reflux (must be the flavoring) I just order the new mint flavor. I do not like their powder mixes. The flavor just seems to be way off.
I like the cable management feature but it would be even better if it also included a way to tidy up the ethernet cables that also plug into the unit
Mine weighed in at 59 oz (most of the weight is in the cylinder container) so it is almost an oz over advertised. I'd still sacrifice 1 oz in order to get home from my ride.
If you have any concerns with keys connected by this product accidentally disconnecting--don't. They stay together quite well. To disconnect, you have to break the bond like you'd break a pencil--pulling down to separate. The magnets have attached to other things; on my house keys that is a bit of a problem since it becomes awkward to use the keys when the magnet tangles with the chain and scissors on the ring.
Lots of choices! Lots of fun.
Have to hide the bags so they won't be eaten right away. Great for snacks and lunches
It is very much like the middle of Aerosmith's recordings. Much like Pump and Permanent Vacation. It's good, fun, and worth the listen.
Came right before the fires started in So Cali... Used one day in the valley. Was happy with fit. Seemed to have worked.
Before buying this glasses retainer, I am very annoyed that the problem of glasses always sliding down the nose.Now is good，the glasses retainer work well.And the black and transparent colors do not look so conspicuous.
This is a great product all as advertised as it should be.
Nice big grill on the go. A little heavy and bit more work to put together, but nice to have back packing.
This movie includes all the characters mostly acting like they normally would within the normal series. The movie just couldn't hold my attention. It was if they were making too much effort to involve everyone. I'd give the movie a solid B-
I have no idea why these are so expensive, but they sore batteries safely and conveniently.
They are what I expected them to be but I haven't used them yet.
Fun, quick, loss your coins a little quick but still fun.
Great speaker. Rivals my echo and echo tap. Only gripe is that the usb plug in port is tucked away on the bottom of the speaker. Makes it difficult to unplug/plug the speaker when it's time to use it on battery power. Would have been better to make the plug more accessible on the outside rather than tucked up underneath. Otherwise, love it. Great way to convert my echo dot into s great sounding speaker.
Just got this beach blanket and have used it twice. It's a great size, the pockets are great for adding sand or rocks to hold it in place.
I have enjoyed playing Real Racing 3 for years. I just bought a Fire HD tab!et just play it on, I was sad because for a bit they did not offer it for Fire. Just download it and it runs so much better now than the 16 gig old tablet that I have been playing on.
Great value and feels like it's well made.
Have always liked this game
A little difficult to squeeze the fulcrum to snap the watch back in place.
Works fine. And easy to install
Good. More carbonated than other sparkling water. I like it with mixed drinks
This my second wallet from Big Skinny. Ironically, the logo is the only part of the wallet that is not skinny.
This bike is a nice value and is good for light riding on the street or dirt roads. As with any low priced mountain bike, it is not meant for any aggressive trail riding
Love Mary. This series is really fun to rewatch. Arrived quickly and in good shape. Only suggestion is that it'd be nice if it came in a box rather than taped together.
I really enjoyed this good for the price and close resemblance to the original Sony controller
Size is good for reading. Takes a little time to get used to the operating system. Disappointed that Several apps I use regularly aren't supported on the Fire Tablet.
I was looking for something that was weighted that held multiple sized cables near my upholstered chair, but didn't want an adhesive that might hurt my expensive wood furniture. It is fairly discreet (black, small about 3" in length and 1.5" in height and 2" in width). Weighted so when I unplug a device (phone, ipad, fitbit charger) it stays in place within holder; making it easy to find the right plug when charging a device. There are different size "holes" so small and medium-sized cords fit well, but don't easily slide out or upward and off. Perfect for my needs, exactly as described.
I really like my water bottle. It holds a lot of water. You have to be really careful with it because it's not a sealed container. My kid steals it all the time and leaves it on its side, and it dumps water pretty much everywhere. This isn't a problem with the bottle as my parenting, but you'll have that.
I ordered two 8x10 and the package said 8x10 but they were 6x8 I kept them but will never buy from them again to scared they will get it wrong again.
I like it better than the packets because I like just a drop in my coffee. It's also more convenient to take along. I've never seen the liquid in a market so I wanted to try it out when I saw it on Amazon. The only downside is the price is much higher than the packets especially since the packets are available in off-label brands.
Gaiters really are helpful in keeping you warm when out in the cold for any length of time. Came in as advertised. Works fine. Could be a few inches longer, and maybe a little tighter around the ears. Also, the adjustable elastic cord rests uncomfortably on your nose. A standard elastic material may be more comfortable.
Once you start you can't stop. Fun and challenging.
Install was easy works well.
Works good for drinks an a trip or for work. I would buy again. Shipping was good.
I have one blouse that is a size too big, but these help and do the job to make it the right size. I do wear a kimono or a jacket over the blouse so you can't see the bands.
seem to work really well, time will tell
I got this reel for central oregon trout fishing. Taken it out on two trips and it has performed perfectly. I was able to land in two 8lb rainbows through some grass. The reel performed great.
We are moving backwards instead forward. . Unfortunately it continues and we have poor examples of integrity and leadership in high places..
Light weight and a great size for tight spaces. Batteries could stand to last a little longer, while under constant strain. Overall a great product.
Great lock but stopped working suddenly. The company replaced it with express delivery.
Every time I finish a level, I have to go through the ad and have to start over.
Love games like this
It's very light weight and sets my bars to the perfect length for down hill, very sturdy feel to it and fits perfectly to my bike, great product.
I'm changing my 2 star to four, left a 2 star because the tilt could not hold weight of laser. Decided to take it apart again when I had more time to mess with it, started looking at it and realized the pan/tilt handle is also the lock for the tilt, just have to twist it. Facepalm. User error on my part. Works great now.
Great battery life!! We bought this for our 6 year old and he mainly uses it for games. He loves it!! The battery is much better than the Kindle we bought a few years ago and so far he hasn't had any glitches. Tons of memory and a nice size for a kiddo!
Good price, good basic set, wish it had more smaller sizes of drill bits.
seems to be a good 10 speed chain, have not torqued it heavily yet, but one of the few long link chains.
We loved the necklace but the chain broke 2 weeks after we received it. Can I get it fixed or replaced?
My boyfriend frames houses and needed a longsleeve shirt to wear underneath his clothes during the winter. He tried this on and fell in love! Will be buying more. Ive been looking for black though and cant seem to find them...hm...
Jim Henson imagination is unparalleled. Enough said.
I've only used it a couple of times. So far, it seems to work well in the Dewalt air compressor I bought. I was a bit surprised that the batter life did not extend longer, but I'll have to do more "testing" to make sure that my first impression was correct.
Used it in hunting camp. Seems to be of good quality. Zippers work nicely. It withstood some pretty harsh conditions like wind, snow and rain. No issues.
Seems like very good quality. nice and solid. unfortunately, its about half the size i need. i have a gym bag i paid $20 with more capacity.
Great as a stocking stuffer. Unfortunately, it does not have a blade lock so it is a little scary to put in your pocket.
NOt a top tier competitor for sure but great for yard work construction, etc. Anywhere you dont want to damage or lose your good pair :)
great universal screwdriver to have in the home or in our car
very pleased so far will know more how well this performs but so far really great, thanks for a great deal at a great price- I now have to use it..
A nice wallet but I'm disappointed in the color. It's pictured as light brown -- a color that seems new and different -- but instead it's dark brown.
I had never been tent camping before. I had no idea what kind of tent to buy. My boyfriend invited me along with his friends and told me to buy my own tent as his is too small for two people. I read reviews on every tent out there. I didn't want one too big or too small. I saw this tent and bought it based on the reviews. Here are the pros and cons of this tent based on my experience. Pros: 1. Easy to assemble. I've never put a tent together before so it was pretty easy, although I did have to watch a YouTube video about how the top goes on. 2. Cute. I'm a girl, this is important to me. 3. Waterproof. One of the 5 days we camped, a rain storm came through, my tent and all its contents stayed bone dry. 4. Easy to take down. Took me 10 minutes to take the whole thing down. Cons: 1. Small. This thing is tiny. It fits a queen sized air mattress in it and that's it. No room for anything else. Also, it's short so you can't stand in it. I was glad my boyfriend brought a tent. We ended up sleeping in my tent and keeping our belongings in his tent. 2. Small. The pictures I saw on Amazon showed that you could take a chair and sit under the canopy. Not possible. 3. It was unclear how to put the top part on without help. 4. No air flow. With the top part on, you can't get air in, I had to buy a fan. 5. Folding. I think this is a common thing with tents, but I had to buy a duffle bag to put this tent in as it wouldn't fit in the original package.
It's nice, good price. But works better if you are left handed. The hand strap is very far left.... So I just turned it around and cut slots out for buttons.... Now it works for me.
It works. It's a bit slower than I wanted, but still useful.
it cuts veneer well,its just a little difficult to adjust the width scale
The Thermacell keeps mosquitoes away for about a 15 foot radius. We set it on the picnic table or near any area we are working outside and it keeps them away. Not as effective in the wind though.
I have used this for years. I first bought when we were going to be traveling to Hawaii and I wanted something that was moisturizing and light, but still offered some tinted coverage. I don't like wearing heavy foundation, so a tinted moisturizer seemed like a good fit. I honestly haven't found anything comparable.
Daughter likes it... I can't understand a word.
I don't know how well it will do after sharpening
Very light and does a great job at keeping you cool.
balance sound stays on the ear very comfortable
Very well built and gets the job done with little issue, great for the price.
add on for a game my son likes
A little pricey , however they work and hold up well.
Good but slightly smaller than I expected
Nice spice, just a little hard to evenly get popcorn.
Makes reading my e-text much easier
Pack is great, lightweight, etc. I like having a "brain" on my packs, but if you are the kind who likes them removable or optional, this pack is not going to do it. The truly weird thing is the water bladder pocket on the inside. There is no "hanger" for a hydration bladder to latch onto and the routing of the cable has it route in front of the inner pocket. ??? Just bizarre, like it wasn't really intended to be used. I ended up sewing in a solution but it's so weird to even include a hydration bladder pocket if it's such an ordeal to route it out of the pack. Something to be aware of if you aren't someone who solely uses bottles for water.
The mirror is excellent giving great visibility of whats behind you. This mirror will fit the Trek Verve 2 without a problem, however the Trek Verve 3 has a different handle bar set and it will not mount without extensive modifications. My Wife has the Trek Verve 2 it was a breeze to install, I have the Trek Verve 3 it took me well over an hour to engineer a fix so i could get it to mount.... Great mirrors but wont fit the Trek Verve 3.....
I love the organization of the case which allows SAE & Metric in one simple compact case. I am not sure of quality of the metal but so far so good. The case is rigid plastic and may be easy to chip or crack? Not sure when metric became coded red, every tool organizer I have seen marks SAE with red? This is a great assortment for a field assortment.
Quite enjoyable. Colorful. Action filled. I love passing time with this.
I have a garden, soaking, tub that is larger than a standard tub. I have yet to find a bigger bath bomb that works best in a bigger tub (copyright me 2019). Based on size I hoped this would be it. Nope. First photo is is immediately after bomb melted. Second, is the weird sludge left behind (though it did rinse clean when I wiped tub down) after tub was drained. The final photo is of the “crystal “ that came with it, US dime for size comparison. Crystal did not coordinate with bomb color which I had expected. The aroma was nice, but again with a bigger tub became more of a wishful experience. Delivery was SUPER quick, got here a week earlier than promised. I am unlikely to buy this particular bomb again (cost vs enjoyment) but I am willing to try another offering from this company.
Never heard of this movie before. Very good British explorers in Africa to find the source of the nile river expeditions, adventurous, tragic, great filming locations, may not have been historically accurate, but very good, with a little romance thrown in, entertaining
Reliable seller, although the item arrived a little bit late than expected, it doesn't disappoint me. It's suitable for my kid to develop his balance skills.
Gloves are awesome. Warm. Durable. Grippy. Don't rip and can adjust tightness. Comes to crook of the wrist. Only downside is the touchscreen capabilities did not work well. I use them for hiking and they are perfect for saving my hands on rocks, trees, etc on scrambles. Didn't really need the touchscreen so didn't matter to me. For the money they are a good grab
Liked the charger easy setup
Awesome bike have had it for quite awhile now and it has held up to frequent use on the trails in the KC area. My only complaint is that they used a plastic clip to hold the shift and rear brake cables to the frame and they come off easily, a couple months into owning this bike I lost 2 and was forced to zip tie the cables to the frame to keep them from getting caught on things.
Received this product on Sunday. I have to say I am quite impressed with the product. I bought this bag solely for hiking purpose. The best part of this bag is that it is easily washable. You know when you go for a hike, chances are you will be bringing some tiny friends with you (Last time I had a caterpillar inside my backpack). So being washable and storing inside a pouch when not in use for a long time is a plus. It has two front primary pockets where I can fit most of the stuff I want to take while hiking - some food, water, Gatorade and a first-aid kit. There are two side pockets if you want to throw in small kinds of stuff. The only thing I worry about this bag is that it does not look strong enough to hold much stuff. Compare to my old hiking bag that will now be retired, this one seems to be made for carrying basic light stuff. Now don't get me wrong, the quality itself is very impressive. It is just that I feel somewhat it is kind of weak compared to my other one. Else, it is a great product.
It's ok, but not wow. Don't see any effect on my sebum, but wash good. Feel that skin is clean. Better for evening
A very thoughtful portrayal of a man who's lost it all. Absolutely the best.
works well - got cold fast and maintains temperature
For the money, you can't beat a good aluminum/plastic paddle for all around canoeing. The T-handle makes it highly functional and comfortable to use. And you don't have to worry about beating it up.
A good movie for Christmas Carol fans, but very dark.
Works well. Wish I would have gotten the other model with the half-moon zipper. Looks as if it would make a bigger opening. Easy set-up. Be aware it does block air flow somewhat. Much like a screened in porch.
I was really surprised by this pump. It's small, light, and it works really well. The only downside is it's sometimes kinda hard to unscrew without pulling out the valve core, but with a little practice you'll be fine.
Inexpensive, loud enough to be heard, and easy to install. They hear us coming on the trails now!
Super handy pencil sized level for my tool-pouch. I sort-of wish it also did plum, but then it would be bigger and then I'd stop liking it.
Good quality mini screwdrivers at a reasonable price. They're nicely crosshatch knurled on the handle, instead of just vertically fluted (not sure that's the right term), so you can actually grip them well while pushing downward. The set comes with four different slotted and two phillips, and I would have liked to have a third phillips size instead of a fourth slotted. Maybe that's the standard array, but if you already know that you're probably not reading my review. The case is good quality rigid plastic, and it latches securely. Mine doesn't close just by pressing the halves together, you have to press in on the side of the bottom half to latch it, but it doesn't appear to be a problem with the casting, more likely a design to keep it from coming open too easily. Overall, I would recommend them. They're cheap enough to buy a couple sets to keep around, but good enough quality that you won't hate using them.
I bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it. It's comfortable, keeps her warm, and packs up quickly. It's great.
Larger than expected very sturdy nice chair. grandchild always fell asleep when it came 10 min TV time.
Works well on leather work also!
A great help in any shop .
If you ever need to replace batteries or repair your watch, this repair tool kit set you ever need. The set included many tools. I replaced a battery in one of my wife cheap watch, it was so easy to remove the back. Nice watch tool set!
Overall, a good family movie. Recommended for good family fun.
Harder than it looks. But an enjoyable game.
The sound quality is quite good for this price range. I replaced a 5.1 system from Sony with this sound bar and am very happy with it. The ease of setup was wonderful. No more miles of wires! It took me 5 times longer to pull out all the old wires from my old system that it did to inbox and get this up and running. 2 power cords and a digital audio cable later is all it took to get it set up and working. Remote control is OK, very small and looks very fragile. The labels are so small and hard to read.
This has been the easiest to use Bible Study I have followed. I downloaded this to my phone and tablet several years ago, and recently updated the app. Not only do I use it, but I also downloaded it to my mother's tablet which she used for her nightly reading for several years.
I heard a McNally cut on my digital music feed and liked her voice. Now, with an assortment of songs to listen to, I like her voice (and musicality) even more. She knows what she is doing and is a pleasure to listen to.
The vest is pretty well made and seems to fit kids according to the size chart. The only thing I would say, is that there is a neon orange logo stamped on the front upper part of the vest. It doesn't show in the manufacturer's photos here on amazon, but if a plain tan vest is what you're looking for, be aware of that...
Overall, I like the TV. I don't like that the remote is required to use the "smart" features...I'm glad I had an extended warranty to be able to get a replacement when it just stopped working...
a good witness for kids who come over
Exactly as advertised except, the black base is plastic, not aluminum. Every other review has mentioned this so they really need to change the ad. It functions perfectly.
Love this game because it requires strategic thinking in best move given the cards you have
These bits do well for the price. My only issue is the bearings. They fall apart easily. Anyone know where we can find better ones?
They work well but the front headlight pieces can be difficult to align when reassembling after changing the batteries. Someone stole my first set and I broke the headlight in my second while trying to un-jam it after inserting the battery holder wrong. Also, if you remove the lights while the bike is locked outside to prevent theft, the taillight turns on very easily if bumped in your bag.
The bath stool itself is a very good product; however, the assembly instructions leave much to be desired. I have assembled many items (desks, shelves, bed headboards, office chairs, etc.) so I"m experienced at following instructions. These were not detailed enough to prevent someone from using the wrong screws early in the assembly.
my grandson is at university & i send him a care package w/ this & he likes it
I've had it about a week, and so far I'm pleased. The only problem is that I can't put individual selections, such as word, powerpoint, etc. on the desktop.
they work for me and my kayak
works well with the torch
Just got it in yesterday and spoiled it up and matched with a heavy 7ft rod and wow I'm impressed . It throws easy and quite ,and retrieves quite . Very smooth operation nice look and feel and light weight , I even gave it to my 9 year old after it was set for the bait I was throwing and my 9 year old was throwing and pitching with it .... going out Friday to give it a good test run to see how it holds up !
Item functions as a new item. Only drawback is once inserted it tool the retaining clips are very difficult to depress far enough for removal of battery from tool.
Both the front and rear lights are very bright. I use the low setting on the front light around my neighborhood. Battery charges quickly via USB and lasts quite a long time. The only thing I didn't like was how the front light mounts to the bars. It uses a wing nut style cam lock. It feels like it is going to break if you want it tight.
It made my 4K TV alive. I've been waiting to purchase this device so when it was offered for half-price, I immediately purchased one. I should have bought 2. When the price went back up, I purchased the refurbished one with hesitation because oF past experience. I gave this refurbished 4 stars for now because when I turn on my home theater system, either only the receiver turns on and not the TV, or vice versa. I'm still trying to figure it out why. Overall, I love this device.
Got the skort in the mail today. It's perfect! I'm a 65 year old that prefers modesty. The length and material are great. I'm 5'3' and weigh 163 pounds and the skort length was right at my fingertips. The large worked for me. The only reason I gave it a 4 was because at the very back, up at the waistline the material wants to bunch up. Not sure why. My plan is to just cover it with a shirt. I'm planning on buying more in different colors.
Finishing is not good. Found small scratches.
Love the print however it was kind of difficult to get all the wrinkles out. Suggest having a person who's done this before do it for better results
Would get 5 stars if the inside was bigger, some plates barely fit but other than that it works great.
Fast shipping , good quality , good price .
These are a nice size and work well.
So far so good. My 20' fold electric bike fits just fine, and it's sturdy enough to carry.
It works great, but if you're not careful you can burn yourself on it. It does get really hot on the metal fitting where the hose connects to the tool end of the device.
This was super easy to install and is very bright made mostly of aluminum and some plastic, seems to be a very well built product, does seem like it flickers a little occasionally is why I left 4 out of 5 stars
I bought these in size 0-3. They are a little bit bigger than the other 0-3 sleepers that I own. They're probably closer to 3 months than what a newborn would wear. But other than that, they're good quality!
This light has excellent output that compares favorably to other lights I have of similar lumens and for the price it is a great value. Seems well built, the mount secures to any bar and holds its position well. While some feel the delay of the daylight strobe is too much, I find it to be about 1 second which is OK and helps battery life plus has a nice variable pulse that is proven to be very effective at alerting everyone in front of you, including drunk drivers. The light pattern is a little on the narrow side compared to others but it has very bright and uniform spot that covers an adequate area to permit fairly fast cycling in the dark. Maybe not the best light in close urban areas where you may be taking a lot of turns and want a wider spread light to see where you are turning but the beam spread will be liked by most people IMO. It also as a decent mid-level setting that will work in areas that are decently street light lit. For the money, this light is hard to beat.
Very pleased with these gloves. They are starting to develop minor signs of wear and fraying, but are still very usable.
Fits over the camera lens nicely. You can definitely tell a difference in quality of picture. More people fit in the screen.
Doesn't leak! But, it requires one to suck extremely hard to get a small amount of water out.
Good snacks, the box is much cheaper than buying individually. Would definitely buy again!
Great price for this item, it was easy to put together. But its a little bit taller than advertised so our child cannot use it quite yet.
A fun movie! Good songs & fun to watch. This is a short movie, though.
Thought I was getting a smaller pack than what I got. But sent some to our people that are overseas.
I whish we had more of those little help things. But on the other hand it is a really fun game. This game is really awsome
Would not compare it to Jaws, but a good shark movie.
Bought it, never used it.
Didn't give me a annual pass for the multi player game play. Other then receiving the code fast and it working was fine. So, I give it a 4 out of 5 stars.
Adjustable length and works great but overpriced.
Works well but seems a little expensive for what you get
The kids enjoys playing it.
Positive- Product was shipped on time and in perfect condition. No drinks or scratches. I have it in my kitchen so I dont think it is any noisier than my fridge. And holds a lot of bottles. I fit 46 so far and still have room. Overall I'm please with product. Negative (but I'm fine living with them) similar to other reviews 1) the temperature setting is not accurate. I'm finding it to be off by at least 10 degrees! I have my own thermometer in fridge and it really is off. 2) temperature on top of fridge is much colder because it is by the cooling fans. It is probably cooler by 6 degrees on the top shelf. Simple fix for manufacturer would be to put an additional fan near bottom shelves
Bought this for my son so he can drink on the go while on his bike in the summer. It works great. Have it a 4 as the tubing adjustment could be slightly improved.
Not bad at all. The screws gun is a bit weak, but everything else is nice. The hammer is a bit small.
The tool is a 4, the case gets a 2. I would buy again.
I like it. It does a good job all the way around. I like the camera. But I do still miss my galaxy note 4 and wish I could have stayed with a note. But my budget demanded a budget phone. This one is pretty good for the price.
looks like a good socket set haven't used yet but no complaints
Item was returned, it rattles because you cannot make the hitch tighter.
I really like this fishing reel! Compared to other products, it is much easier to use. The reel is very smooth and quick. Great for its price.
Works just like it says. The spring makes it easy to release.
The soldering station is great for the most part. I had the same issue with the tip generating an error but you just have to get it seated properly. After that it will work every time. It heats up super fast and is perfect for my needs. I mostly use it for soldering switches for mechanical keyboards.
Seller very responsible, stands buy the product and supportive. Product works with water based caulking.
Call of Mini Infinity is not a fun game to me, because I find it very hard to play when everyone else is overpowered. This game is a pay to play, which is why I do NOT recommend downloading it. Most players spend money just to get the best armor and gear. With everyone else spending their own money, it will become impossible for a lot of newbies to have fun in COM Infinity. If you are a newbie who wants to test your own skills, then feel free to play this game. Otherwise, please just avoid this game entirely.
what can I really say about this? it's shells and cheese. They taste okay. They're salty, but what do you expect from shells and a bag of melted fake cheese?
Router delivered quickly and works perfectly, but I can't credit the packaging for that. It is just a tough beast. No padding protection, and box was heavily damaged. Somehow the product remained unharmed. Aside from that very pleased! Manuals, tools, and essential accessories were included, and the router was delivered very quickly. Looks as close to new as can be. Would have been 5 star rating if just a little more attention had been given to shipping care.
It's pretty good but there are some limitations/drawbacks. I'm surprised by the number of basic tasks and information requests it's unable to perform vs. Google Assistant. I'm also a little unhappy about the fact that there is no ability to configure it to use the audio out only for specific applications (say, music) but still use the internal speaker for regular assistant stuff. I don't like the idea of having my home entertainment system on 24/7 on the off chance that I might want to ask Alexa something.
Does a great job. Wish it had a backlight to make it easier to read.
It runs really fast. I would give it 5 stars of it would give me the name of my unknown apps.
Very comfortable and easy to wear.
This really surprised me. Much like other Top name products. Feel is good. Worked great for trim.
No hard case to begin with, which is fine, was sent a unmarked 2.0 battery hard telling looks like cheap knock off Milwaukee to me other than that nice grease gun.
The app works fine and there is a lot of magazines to chose from.
Excellent light with 3 brightness selections for the 'constant on' configuration. Great selection of lighting variations for daylight riding. The only problem I had was with the silicon mounting strap for the handlebar mount...on one hand it is a very simple mechanism for mounting, but looping the strap back through the mount slot and locking it tightly into place on an already crowded handlebar can be a bit of a challenge for people with poor vision like myself with complications from advanced glaucoma...Just be aware this light doesn't mount with a screw but will require good dexterity and strength to pull the silicon strap tight enough to keep the light from slipping especially on rough terrain.
Great product for wine bottles, beer and glasses. Holds 6 wine bottles and or wine glasses. Not the best at keeping wine really cold, but adding a cold chill wrap will prolong the wines temperature until you are ready to enjoy. U can even make it waterproof inside the bag with the included plastic liner.
Very sturdy and appears to be very good quality. Much better than cheaper types I've had. I would give it 5 stars except for the fact that the plastic ring that comes separately (which attaches an indicator to the pressure dial) broke when I attached it for the first time. Rather than return the whole thing just for the plastic ring, I glued it with superglue and it was fine.
I enjoyed this, had some tearful moments, and lots of funny ones, but there was an actual story line. thank you
Plastic Valve cap(that helps with twisting the brass valve?) broken on both sleep pads upon arrival, owned less than a week so unsure if it is vital to the function of the pad. Time will tell. Used it one night at home, holds air, pillow too low profile for comfort. I had to keep doubling over a corner of my sleeping bag to add cushion to get the right height, but would slide right off shortly after.
I bought this tent on a last minute invite less than 48 hours before heading out. I decided on this one both from the price point, size and cost factor. It would be two adults and a small dog for a two night camp out. First off, I ordered red but the color I would say is more of a burnt orange than red which is fine, I'm not that picky besides not wanting bright green. Set up: I haven't put a tent together in about 20 years and by the time we arrived at the camp ground it was very dark. I was able to pull all the items out of the tightly rolled duffel and found the instructions attached inside the duffel. Trying to read said instructions by lantern while also installing poles with a flashlight are not ideal but all in all I would say it took me less than 30 mins by myself to set up the main structure. I did have difficulties finding the correct area to put the last rod for the rain fly so for that night we left it off and I was easily able to locate and install the flap within minutes the next morning. Internal size: I was disappointed in the overall height of the inside as I had read some of the Q&A's as well as the dimensions and thought for sure I would be able to walk standing upright a bit more than I could. I'm about 5'7" and I'd say as long as I stayed almost dead center, it was fine. We inflated a queen size air mattress and still had plenty of floor room for another queen and possibly a twin (estimate) but that would cut down on any storage you wanted for your belongings. I did wish the power port was not next to the door flap but it could have been poor cable planning on my part. I would suggest getting different stakes if you plan on using this more than a few times a year. I would like to see some sort of vent on the back wall as it did get a bit stuffy once we put the top of even having the side vents open we couldn't get much of a cross breeze to cool off the tent. I would also like to see a bit more material and overhang over the door as it did rain night two/day three and I wasn't able to have the front screen open for any type of air as the overhang wasn't enough to keep any rain from coming in. That goes into my next point, waterproofing. Aside from the front overhang not being what I would like to see, it help up very well to the 9-11 mph wind (we did have a tree line behind us breaking it up a bit) and I wouldn't say it was a heavy storm that rolled through but it was a constant rain overnight. I didn't notice any leaks or water inside that wasn't tracked in by us or the dog. Aside from the interior height since theirs stood taller, our camping buddies were a bit jealous of ours. I will modify this review down the road as we use it more if anything is to change on how the structure holds up. I would give this 4.75 stars but it's 4 or 5 so I went with 4 since the color and dimensions were a tad misleading to me.
The flashing mode and such require cycling through modes by lightly pressing light off and on and takes a bit of getting used to. The strap that comes attached to it is not very durable, may need to replace quickly it if you use the light often. Otherwise, there has been no issues regarding regular functions of the light and I have one extra for emergency home use so that's hard to beat.
Exactly what I needed.
This item was fit to my watch.
Love this product but they use to last alot longer i dont know what they did to change the product but please fix it.👌
A little small for me. but overall, it's good. hope it's real silver and will not colour fading.
For the most part this has been great. No tearing, easy to put on as well. It's easy to clean! That was important to me because I wanted to make sure the constant swapping of hands would be easy to manage on a germ level. Water did the trick but I'm sure a mild detergent would be fine. I love the color! Slighty thin.
Put these on a trek 29er and man what a difference from the stock knobby tires. Easiest tire changes I've ever done. They are very quiet and have low rolling resistance. Wonderful tires so far.
Work good enough for what I needed done
These are as good as a couple of other models of this style of lantern that I have owned. The magnets and hook are a nice plus but I don't expect either to hold well. The magnets hold but it is not a solid hold. Would not take much to jar a magnet-held lantern loose. The plastic hook is does appear very strong. I expect that it would break with continued use.
Cheaper than most places. Great products.
This is my third maglite became garbage due to leaking duracell batteries. Buy the flashlight it is ok, but don't use duracell.
nice but not a full drill
I am a senior and this seat is, as advertised, the most comfortable seat out of the three I've tried. Quick Amazon delivery. Very easy install.
I'm a big Excel user, so this meets my needs as a one-time purchase. If you're going to keep your computer more than 2 years, the subscription makes no sense.
I liked be able to get the news. Mostly the weather. There are time lapses that are distributing...
Not as tall as expected.
My husband loves this flashlight! It was just what he needed to have around the house. With the telescoping action he has the ability to look under the couch for those ridiculous items he dropped, which went to the land of the couch underworld. It's a great addition to our household tools!
My son likes it for his thick wavy hair, but use more if you want your hair to calm way down!
Great Idea. does not add all channels available. hard to get channel signal without errors. hope a software update will help. not to say a DVR ability would be nice
Works great but I still don't know what that black segmented rubber thing is for.
Helped with problem hands.
if I gave a 5star this would be one but nothing is perfect-lol
I bought this to eliminate clutter with the bikes on my balcony. Yes it did work in that area, but it to takes up a bit of room, but it is worth the money. If you live in a house, it would be much better then in an apartment
Good for checking places out, the reviews seem to be right on. Seems to be real people with honest opinions.
Works good for price
Where is the manual? This requires some understanding how to use it!!! Well, there is YouTube info available, now it is straight forward. works very well! Increasing review to 4 stars.
its heavy...very heavy..... so unless you are a weight lifter don't buy... difficult to maneuver due to its weight.
Perhaps it's because I had new solder, but I had a great deal of difficulty soldering to these pads. I think the pads didn't heat up readily, making it difficult to get the solder to flow in to. In the end, I used way more solder than I would use normally, and my joints are all blobby. It does cut well and I like the arrangement of the rails.
Price is ok, has a plastic in the middle of the seat that doesn't look good for the seat. Minor defect.
Very nice stencil. Came a bit bent due to the shipping box. I was still able to use, and my project came out amazing.
Love that it is a long shank to reach the tri-blade screw in the wii nunchuck as advertised. Worked like a charm. However the wii nunchuck really demands a #2 size screwdriver...this was a #1. Almost stripped the head of the 1st screw, then realized that I had to push down hard and turn slow.
The regulator was pretty quick and easy to set up. The bolt used to screw in to the tank is made better than most. I have not rounded a corner yet, and have changed it three times from three different times. Last ones I've had all rounded the corners with in this time. The only issue I'd say is that the pressure drops substantially once you open the your torch head. I've gone back to it and set it the right psi after it's already running.
Honestly I'm in love with this light! I wanted to be able to read at night while my boyfriend slept (since he falls asleep so early) unfortunately he hates it! He says it's way too bright and since I'm laying next to him it's in his face which makes him roll over in order to fall asleep but that's my only complaint! Other than that I absolutely love this light!
So far so good its intriguing!
DELICIOUS, moist tuna that is second only to Genova Yellowfin Tuna in Olive Oil with Sea Salt, 5 oz can
Great game! Decent graphics and easy to follow.
Bought this to remove wheel locks because the master key had broken. Unfortunately this did not work even with hammering it on before turning. However it did slight bevel the edge of the lock so I used the other trick to hammer a 19mm 12 point socket and that worked. This seems to be made with hardened steel and held up fairly well. Also get a slightly larger diameter than you need if trying to remove a round object.
Seems to work pretty well but definitely greasy when you use it, even with the spray on can. You can see the sheen on your skin all day (hopefully that means it's working!).
Bought this for my 3 year old grandson and so far he loves it. Very excited by the brilliant color orange. The picture quality is very good I can hear it running but he is using the headphones and the sound is fine.
wish the aspect ratio was changed but its still good
Fun to while away your time.
This game is a lot of fun.
This was our first smart tv and I have to say I am impressed. I got the fire tv edition because we stream everything and have a large personal media database. I was able to load apps right onto the tv eliminating the need for a streaming device. It works great and we now have all our family movies and pictures at our finger tips in addition to Netflix and Prime. I haven't figured out how to connect it to Alexa yet but I'm working on it.
As others have mentioned, the strap that comes with it is basically useless. I ditched it and used 2 short bungees and that worked great. I have only used it twice but seems to work well so far. Time will tell on how it holds up.
Enough different ways to score to keep interesting and get coins to purchase is nice.
Challenging, makes me frustrated but I keep coming back to play.
Pretty nice, I like the separator between the holes on the back to keep the structural rigidity. On a side note, I would have bolstered the corners by another mm - that would have made the case perfect.
As usual, the book was much better.
Great headlamp. A little lighter than my other one, but produces plenty of light and fits all. Did not get the chance to test water resistance, but it looks well-made and all sealed up. Batteries came with and were wrapped in plastic to avoid discharge. After storing it in the case, the button turned the light on and discharged the battery--not good if you were not some place you could recharge. Sorry, but I missed this extremely important point: ALL BATTERY OPERATED DEVICES SHOULD HAVE RECESSED SWITCHES THAT CANNOT BE ACTIVATED DURING TRANSPORT.
so far I like this. I'm a bit concerned about it breaking as many reviews have mentioned that...but it's ceramic, ceramic things break... I haven't broken it yet thank goodness. It's a nice cup. The lid goes on well, it insulates some but not too much - enough that the cup isn't too hot to hold after adding a drink, but not so much that you can't drink it because the liquid is too hot. We have to have lids on our drinks at work when wandering the building, and I like to drink out of ceramic. This fits the bill and is cute. And it was on sale. Yay.
Good game, enjoyed the tomb challenges and the exploration, beautiful visually.being able to set your own difficulty gives you a unique playthrough to test your strengths in puzzle solving or combat.
Wish the cords for most electronic devices were longer like At least 5 ft!
I bought the 1/4" hooks so that they wouldn't rattle in the 1/4" holes. But the hooks all have a roughly 5/16" ball on the end, making them too large to fit through some of the holes in the tools that I want to hang. So I've been cutting off the ball heads with a Dremel, which is time-consuming and annoying. I wish they were just 1/4" diameter all the way to the tip.
I like it. I used it to sharpen my machete and knife.
This is a good Movie for those who are into SciFi and Action Movies. Audio and Video are clean, as should be. Good for Ages 13 on up. Charles of "Higher Call" Music and Photography
I add a little vinegar to this soap and it makes my bathroom shine.
I really like the color and the compartment on bottom. Great place for easy access keys. It is mainly comfortable. I wear cause I like the size and the security of having my purse hard for anyone to take or get into. I would definitely buy again.
Cute his and her keychains. Very sturdy
The battery is runout. I used for 2 hours runout so fast
Makes hair a little too soft even though it is to provide density.
Better than original batteries , keeps charge a little longer
OMG!! These were so good, we ordered two more bags! We had never heard of these chips before and elected to try them at a party. They were such a hit, we bought two more bags. Great taste of cheese and bacon flavor.
I am very happy with this product
Works good. No problems this far
The velcro part did not stick anymore after a months usage. Other than that, it provides great coverage from the sun.
Useful box for holding grinder blades. The blades them selfs are sub par but there are alot of them so that is nice. I have not used the tool with the set seemed kinda junkie so I tossed it.
Came quickly and does the job!
excellent benches. As stated by other reviewers a few shims are required to obtain a truly flat table. However this is easy to do.
This worked perfect for our son to nap in on the beach. Nice cross breeze so doesnt get too hot. Can only handle light rain though.
Well made fits good 👌
Works really well and has a little more mass then the cheaper ones - ie it won't blow away so easy. Handles are nice for pushing the buttons in rather then a pinching your finger all the time. Only issue I have is that I have to put the legs at full extension since one of holes wasn't drilled out all the way.
It is well made and I am sure will be useful.
I just started this game. Thus far I'm enjoying it. I may be able to assume it gets much more difficult. We'll see.
Gave it a whirl, seems accurate enough for non critical measurements. Due to the plastic rail quality, I dont recommend this for a jobsite or machine shop. This is good for garage use and casual quick measurements for bolts, etc.
Good quality, and heavy jumper.
Pretty good choices for room decor selections...relaxing and stress free! Thanks.
Almost as good as original cover. Glad flinging still supports older kindle.
Works got no problems
I like everything except, u have to subscribe $10 a month to be able to save recorded videos.
These remind me of a Payday candy bar. There is a slight aftertaste, but it isn't bad at all.
This album is incredible! It doesn't come out swinging, but it grows on you. I've had it in my car since the Friday that it came out, and I find myself humming the melodies when I least expect it. Lizzy has a very uncanny knack for writing haunting melodies that stick with you. If you're a Lizzy fan - you should pick this up. After a few listens - you'll find that those melodies are stuck in your subconscious!! Great CD!!!
The first bag of these I tried, I was making a face and thinking it tasted like cardboard. The second bag, I was like, this is ok, not too bad. Third bag, I was actually somewhat enjoying. It's certainly not as flavorful or exciting as a real bag of chex mix or other snack mix, but at only 125 calories and with 4 grams of fiber and 12 grams of protein, it is a great way to satisfy your munchies craving and feel full for some time. I am not a "low carb" person but my fat stomach is a bottomless pit, and I have found that high fiber/protein items are the best for keeping hunger at bay (and pre-portioned snacks are a must!).
I love the fact that it does maintain its coldness and hotness. I do think that it could be a little lighter in weight. It's very sturdy,which I love. I take it for work, so that I can have come water at all times.
I fixed my daughter's bike with this. It's working fine but I did use the brake grip that was on her bike already as the one that came with it wasn't as nice.
I play a LOT of making games that let you make food, like cupcakes, gum, drinks, and all sorts! And this is by far the best one I've gotten! The cleaning the machine part im sorry is terrible. Please take it out. It's too much work and takes way too long. No bugs, not much ads, plenty of decoration and choices!
Digital copy is for iTunes only, just a heads up for those that don't have iTunes so it was a waste for us to purchase a copy with the digital code (I didn't see anywhere in the product description where this was disclosed). As far as the movie itself goes, it was good with a lot of action.
I love it so far. The only thing is I wish some of the accessories were a little heavier steel. Other than that I'm impressed and will begin to seriously look at everything Tacklife produces. Heavy duty cord heavy duty casing and I have never owned a heat gun with the digital settings before. Only time will tell but we are using it right now at my daughters so it will continue to get a real work out! The more I use this the more I am impressed. We even used it to start our charcoal for the grill!
Very very nice, I would buy again, they are a tad bit lighter weight then the originals
They feel great and warm, but I haven't used them in a snow storm yet.
We have a couple of those little one burner, burners that you can warm water up and things like that on, and it's always a pain to find the fuel to use on them. When I found this adapter I thought it would be worth a shot to try it out. It is so much handier then using the old type of fuel. We just use the shorter propane bottles and it works great
Made a nice gift for the girlfriend
A little bit bigger than i was hopping. But was overall a good buy.
Perfect for a hobby welder! Heavy duty and the grip is the perfect size for a big glove. It's a great deal compared to the brand name gun.
Good quality, works as described. No any problem. I'll prefer the light with more colors, hope you can see my suggestion.
My friend enjoyed them
It plays just fine on my cd player and it came on time.
Con - Battery life is kind of short. Medium brightness lasts only about 25 minutes. Pros - Compact, fits in jeans pocket. Rechargeable battery. 45 minutes to full charge. Comes with a clip you can use to attach flashlight to your baseball cap visor for hands free use.
Great product for general use, I use to mark out drilling holes in a robotics project. Is this good for general use, yes very good. This guage is not going to compete with high end gauges however it is pretty accurate and for the price it is great.
This product has been great for my son. I had so many spills with other products but this one is exactly what I was looking for. Plus it's nice that my son loves it as well and is able to use it without any issues.
I would like more shows. Not very much to chose from.
It has everything I need. Very decent quality and quantity! Only two things I don't like are 1) a plastic lock is very weak (it is not relevant to bits) 2) it is kind of hard to pull out bits. I used a tool to pull small bits out. Since this is a review, I wrote what I experience. It's not a big deal at all!
The DVD was very good, the movie was a little weak, none the less I liked it.
This is a roomy pack with lots of pockets and is very well made.
Everything is as it should be. And a firm plastic case not the thin cardboard garbage many of the bands are passing off now.
Product fit well on waist, but was tight around the thigh area. The bottom of the pants were large as well.
It worth the money, but the material is not very durable. I guess it would be ok for hunting, but I was using it paintball so the elbows and knees parts are all torn.
Tried a sample from a box of the month club...Daily use impressed by skin results, pore reduction . Used a light gel moisturizer after and b4 makeup.
Great show very funny. Box set is great. Would recommend. The paper case around the plastic case is super loose.
These are comfortable enough as far as work gloves go, are well made and so far seem durable. I got them in extra large and they were still a bit snug, but being leather they do break in and loosen up. Would buy again. Update: I've been wearing these for heavy yard work for a month. The fit has loosened, but not too much, and they don't show any signs of wear. That makes them a bargain.
Just started the game. So far so good!!
Got this universal socket set for my husband he said it's pretty good quality and it does work on a lot of different projects
I am enjoying her series of books.
These are tasty but sort of expensive.
Me and my wife are avid fans of using trekking poles. I have used a variety of poles and acquired these because of the compactness and portability to be able to keep a set in my truck. There are things I really like about these poles. Foremost, I like how well these pack down. Just spin the pole at the joint to loosen and condense it. It comes with clips to hold the poles together when collapsed. They are light weight and fit nicely in the storage bag which is a big plus. The variety of ends is perfect and the shock absorbing versus stability is very good. There are a couple of reasons why I didn't give these poles 5 stars. Number one, the handles. This is a big deal for me to get a good feel. Although I really like the molded grip, it is just a bit small for my larger hands. However, it's not a loss since they fit my wife's smaller hands reasonably well. Perhaps these should be offered with different handle sizes. Additionally, I am a fan of the cork handles. This is a preference and not necessarily a negative. Your choice may vary. I do like the stability grips below the handle when on uneven ground where you can adjust your grip in varying conditions. That portion is a foam composition and a nice feature. The second reason I could not give 5 stars is because although the storage bag is a great plus for these poles, there is no accommodation for storing the extra tips. A pocket on the outside of the bag would have easily satisfied this oversight. I don't want to have to store my tips separately away from the poles. Overall these poles are a great acquisition and am looking forward to using them on our trip to Glacier NP later this month.
I like them ;) They are delicious.
I enjoy watching this channel.
Wore it at the local pool, very very slippery on tile. Tread very carefully. Wore it to the river, grip was great, sharp rocks, not so much xD I have yet to try them on the beach. Very warm and toasty, heat doesn't leak unless you swim harder xD then the socks fill with fresh water.
Works ok on small items. Look clumsy and cheap for the price.
I SAW THIS ON TV NOT BAD PORTRAYAL OF SUPERGIRL
Sound deadening response is fast, battery life is relatively short, but batteries are cheap. It took about a total of 15 hours to wear out one set of batteries, but it could have been a bad batch. Very comfortable to wear, I would highly recommend this product.
It is a little more like regular paper than fibrous material like I expected. May update the stars after I see how well it works on my project.
The only complaint is the packaging, they came in an envelope, so the outside box was damaged, the glasses were fine inside the case. My husband loves them and said they're light and comfortable. I would recommend this brand.
works great. if its super wind tho its not the best. other wise its super great.
Very nice quality and incredibly soft. However, they are very thin so you need to fold them in order to wipe more easily, or you need to completely soak them in makeup removing product. It's fine, unless your product is a bit expensive and you only want to use a little, like me.
great till streaming came along.
They are a little hard to get on my Muck Arctic Pro boots but once they are on, they stay on. Best ice cleats I have every had and I have tried several.
Great movie, quick delivery, case was damaged, but dvd was fine. Didn't bother asking for refund or anything like that since dvd was fine, so cannot comment on customer service. No way to know if case was damaged before or during shipping...but not a deal breaker either way!
Yes you can play and not buy stuff just a little harder but I do
This is a very short movie, a kind of "Who dunnit?" thriller where women with disabilities are being murdered by a psychotic killer whose identity is revealed at the end. Black and white photography and acting are very good. It's a low budget production and the story takes place inside a house. There are almost no exterior shots, if any. Considering the story being very short, the plot is very simple but despite these constraints, it is still a well constructed film. Blu ray transfer is decent considering the other black and white films from that era. Pros: Good thriller. Cons: Short movie (it feels like an episode of Alfred Hitchcock Hour)
Li!ke each and every episode.
For the price, this is a great projector. I needs to be pretty dark for the image to show up bright enough to match a standard tv, but again, for the price, pretty good. The only thing it doesn't do that would make it a 5 star is the ability to flip the image upside down to be able to do some sort of ceiling mount. Also, if you have to use the keystone adjustment, the picture become out of focus on the top and bottom, but as long as you keep the projector flat to the screen, it's in focus across the entire screen.
Really great software. I wish the animation had more to it. Otherwise great for digital painting!
Perfectly fine quality but note the double high thing - super tall and that's sort of weird because it makes it really bouncy
Was looking for a bag that was black but came across this green one. Nothing significant about it. Works fine. Time will tell how long it will last
Been playing this game for years, love it! KUDO,s
Not as adjustable as I had hoped, a little small but they do the job.
Overall the product serves the job. I think it is a little pricey for what it is but your pretty stuck if you want to use a dust vac on it as I could not find other adapters to fit properly on the planer. You can use this on a standard 4" dust line for your dust vac as there is an outer ring to accommodate this and there is a inner one to accommodate a smaller hose. The smaller size is too large for my two different sized shop vac hoses but will work on a 2.5" (inner dimension) hose. The inner ring (outer dimension) is pretty close to 2 7/16 for those who are wondering if your shop vac hose will work on it. I did not use calipers only a straight edge on this so don't quote me on the "exact" outer diameter of the inner ring that receives the vac hose. When hooking up my 4" line it does a great job at removing the chips and dust.
So uh m hang is a pain in the rear 😖 😫 i mean I finally got last freddy and for no avail it was just that little **** bag again btw I searched undertale and got this dude you have to get this it's a puzzle undertale game it's lit but DON'T CLICK LEAVE WAIT!!!😱
I purchased this mainly for auto detailing but for the wife to use in some light jobs around the house as needed. The size is perfect; not too large, not too small. It appears to have plenty of suction and the provided attachments are average. I deducted 1 star for unit as a whole. It seems like once assembled, its hard to figure out what to do with the electrical cord, hose, and attachments. Attachments fall of their tray during use and in storage, more thought could have gone in to making it easier to neatly stow the cord and hose.
Good looking product.
Overall decent bike for the price. It rolls smooth and is built nice in the areas that matter. The rubber axle caps don't stay on. And the handle bar and seat post clamp covers are just about worthless. These are things that do not really effect the bike though. And overall it looks better without them anyway.
Bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift. He is very happy with how easy it is to use.
It's ok, but it keeps kicking me out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Smells weird and the pump totally blocked after a few use…
As good as an led non-plasma tv can be. Extreme black display almost as good as an oled.. A bit pricey, but worth it.
love charcoal on my face and on my teeth. It can all get messy but in the end we just want pretty sooooo. Yes I use it and take off in the shower where i think the rest of the charcoal will pretty up my other parts.
Just like the picture
It is a pretty good start. I thought everything was alot smaller.
Iam only giving this tube 4 stars because due to weather I have not been able to use it yet. I was happy with the quality of this tube. It feels sturdy and the size is great for a adult. Price was also great
Cool backpack. Zippers are a little cheap
these were a gift and the receiving party seems to like them
The product performed as advertised, shielding me from a lot of unwanted glare.
The backpack is durable My high schooler uses it daily and it's filled to the max with books, chrome book, lunch and gym clothes. It would have been awesome & considered 5 star rating if it had an option to expand slightly more. Great product
It was what I needed at the time.
I purchased this vacuum because I have a ShopVac with wheels that had broken off and needed something new. This unit works very well. The filter bags are a bit SPENDY, though, so I'm hoping they take a while to fill up.
Great! Blu Ray came in good condition. Although I prefer the cardboard packaging like a couple years ago.
As advertised though heavy and need larger bite.
Quality is extremely good! Cute color too. 4 stars because the waist line is extremely narrow. I had to roll the bottom so my daughter wouldn't drag it but the waist line bothers her. I didn't return it since we've had really cold days in Chicago and I've just zipped it partially up. So maybe go a size bigger?
Didn't love this soup. I like the homemade version so I was surprised I didn't care for it, but it had a weird smell and I think that turned me off.
This is a great looking water bottle that is easy to carry around to work and workouts. I really like this waterbottle but prefer the Camelback straw design (the bite and sip) this straw allows a lot of air in with the sips.
Very glad I decided to take these out and try on my tarp before getting in an emergency situation because the lines are all tangled together in the bag and it took a alot to get them apart. Other than that they are ok. If I was going to use them a lot though I would have to get new tensioners as these do not slide easily. They are very lightweight.
Smaller than I thought but very nice
Assembly instructions had several mistakes and were difficult to follow. Stickers on two of the hold down bars were upside down. Once assembled and installed very easy to use. Great security features. Not sure how to store it when not in use.
I've been using this flashlight daily for almost a month. The only downside I can see, is the inability to use another 18650 battery because the battery that comes with it is significantly longer than a standard.
Perfect lightweight rain jacket. I purchased because I have a long distance to walk from the parking lot to my job, & we were expecting tropical storm with wind and rain. It worked great for protection from the sideways rain.
I like it. Very Handy tool. Good Quality
smaller than I expected but they are handy for working in tight areas.
Bought it for a cheap torque wrench to use at home wish it went to a smaller amount but it does it's job
interesting good rewards
I wear a size 12, 180lbs, 5'6 and ordered a large. First thing I noticed was how thick they are. As I started put it on I was like no way these aren't going to fit. They're more like spanx and are good at hiding many of my insecurities. I got em on sale for $30 and figured they would be better than the $5 old navy ones I usually buy. These are worth $20 imo. Gave it 4 stars because they're worth the keep..but not worth $60
The eggs are top notch, but sadly the delivery service treat them like a bag of rocks I think this is the third time in about 5 orders they've been smashed. I keep ordering them cause I'm lazy and amazon refunds me because of it so it's not the end of the world but cleaning yolk off the rest of my order is annoying
Good price and came with a lot of accessories . Nice little case. Works. I'm content
One must learn to operate this torch effectively. it is of decent overall quality and has a nice built-in ignition system. There are also a few design quirks, namely: 1) Torch must be lit first before the flame can be selected. 2) No lock position on the on-off slider - so it can easily be accidentally bumped on (and drain all the stored butane). 3) No visual indicator to show the butane level. 4) Limited capacity - must top off with butane fairly frequently. Given all of the above, I'm still happy with my purchase!
Nice selection of photos
They are a gift but look a little narrow
Great, super useful for camping.Now I have drinks on the bottom of the cooler and food on top (a bit pricy for a piece of plastic)
So far good quality and price
The metal tip bends very easily.
..you like tapping your *reload* 3 times before it does.(it). While I am tapping, the BAD GUYS are getting away...and that makes for a frustrating game! I would still be playing after 4 missions if that reload worked as it is supposed! I did get an loading upgrade...no change. When it did work properly, I did get my shots off in time, but......sigh!! Looking for a new game......
Awesome, entertaining, and challenging game! Fun for all.
Finally a tent that doesn't become a swimming pool during storms! The rain fly is a bit of a struggle to put on but you won't get wet.
It fits well, quick delivery.
This phone has been amazing in terms of camera quality,space,speed. But for the past 2 weeks it has been heating up extremely hot and a lot of space on the phone. Other than that it's a Greta buy
Looks good, easy to install, have not been hit by a rock, so don't know if it will do its job.
I'm giving it four stars instead of five because of what I took to be an excessive and unnecessary amount of sex and nudity. Totally gratuitous, added nothing to the story, and unfortunately made it unable to be watched with certain family members.
Purchased it as a birthday gift for my Granddaughter. She loves it.
great buy and fast shipment
Just the right size and shape for soo many different things related to camping, but im still bringing regular polished cheap silverware cause the texture of the Ti drives me crazy.
There are no bonus features. The series itself is outstanding. But they didn't even port the bonuses over from the DVD release, which is very frustrating.
if you want me, put a c__k ring on it...😈!!!
Bought this for airline travel. The bottle packs nicely when not in use but it retained a bit of a plasticky taste even after multiple washes. It can also be difficult to drink out of due to the bottle being soft sided, but that's due to the nature of it being packable. It stands up OK when full, though.
Custom fitting is a plus for 12+ hr work shifts. Very comfortable for continuous use.
It feels great on my hands but it smells like grandma. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but I'm not fond of overly perfumey scents and this is definitely perfumey.
The nude color was ok but would of prefered a bit more pink tone in it. Good quality for the price & ease of shopping.
Hard to cover up white with mascara
Not as GREAT as Same Trailer...but there's a few keeper songs in here. Good addition to my Kacey collection, and certainly looking forward to her new album coming out in March 2018.
This was a great movie when I was a child. I watched it recently and forgot how bad the music was for this movie
Smaller than I thought it would be, but it's gonna get the job done. And it finds a nice place and function in my survival bag. Can't wait to use it and all it's nifty utility. P.S. I look forward to the ritual and prayer promised by the wise man who sold me this quality product. Might sound odd, but there is power in ancient magic...
Worked great for my glass projects
did not come w/narrative booklet as told it would w/ 25th anniversary edition
Can be dry but alot of protein for the calories. Will buy again
I ordered this because I need a simple tool box for around my home office. I did not pay much attention to the size of it before ordering so I was a little shocked at the actual size. It is small, however, it works for my purposes. I occasionally fix a few things around the house and this holds the few screwdrivers, hammer, and wrenches I own.
For a tear in my boat canvas
Have enjoyed. Thank you
I ordered it for my girlfriend because she collects wolf stuff. She loved it
These do work as advertised and are very helpful when it comes to leveling. But there is a bit of a learning curve if you've never tiled before. You need to make sure they are placed under the tile but above the thinset (mortar). When you break them off, you should do so in the direction of the grout line or it can leave fragments in between your tiles. They can also make minor adjustments difficult when trying to maintain straight lines.
These are very nice gloves, but they are HUGE! Wow, I am 6'4", 220 lbs, and these things hang off of me.
Fits either the HydroFlask 24 fl. oz. or a CamelBak Eddy 20oz vacuum insulated bottle. As expected!
I really enjoy this game, but wish there was a way to log into my previous game from my previous tablets instead of having to start over again every time my tablet craps out on me and has to be replaced. Because as it is set up now, I have to start back at the very beginning, trying to get open every thing back up again, which is extremely frustrating and sometimes difficult.
I got these gloves to complete my super-hero costume to fight crime on the streets. I needed to find a light-weight glove that stops sharp blades, and boy did these gloves work. I stopped a mugger the other night and he pulled out a switchblade and tried to stab me. I quickly blocked the blade with these trusty gloves and punched him in the face. He stumbled back and then shot me with a pistol. I will now be looking for a Kevlar glove to go under these gloves. 4 stars because of the medical bills.
Nice bright light, maybe not 10000 lm as my 2000 lm Klarus G35 flashlight as a better throw that this one has. But it was about half the cost. It about pop can size to hold on to.
Great picture, I wish the sound was more crisp
I like anything Diane Keaton
Product looks and feels well made, installation easy, pump 2 to 3 times and the engine is ready to fire,,, works perfect( no leaks from housing)....But if you need the hoses and tees. Don't buy this seperately,,you need to buy the hole kit, with hose and tees. Find the kits that offer all brass "T" fittings instead of plastic.. Especially that cheap off shore garbage. Do you want to take any chances on your machine with so called plastic fuel fittings!!!!
Seems a little on the tight side but not bad for the price
Unless you have darker very tan skin I recommend the translucent (white) color instead of cool beige but works well as far as makeup setting.
These scents last a long time! It was very nice to have sample size spray. Awesome to get four scents to try before committing to one.
Very cool album, great to just put on and chill... it's very soothing. One star taken off for the poor quality shipping, my outer sleeve is pretty well bent but the record was clean so I am reluctantly living with it...
Works great. Easy to use.
PLAN SOUNDS GOOD EXCEPT FOR POSSIBILITY OF HAVING TO SEND TV SOMEWHERE TO BE FIXED. THAT IS SOMETHING I'M NOT ABLE TO DO
A little thicker than I expected but good quality and soft
About the quality expected in a cheap kit like this. Still it should work for its intended purpose
very warm and comfortable but very large when rolled up
You can get hooked on this. I like playing it with my grandkids nearby, then hand it to them to play
I don't know how to play it yet. And control the size on my screen.
Works great! I just wish the inserts and cartridges would last longer. Replacements aren't cheap.
Nice board for the price. Perfect gift!
Given the bad reviews some buyers gave these center punches I was pleasantly surprised that both of them work well. Their roughness or rawness will disappear with use, especially if you carry them in a toolbox.
Built well and works. Very good value.
My least favorite season
IT IS AN EXCELLENT CLEANER FOR DUSTING. I PUT A SHOT OF FURNITURE POLISH AND THEN GO TO TOWN WITH IT.
I like it. I enjoy playing this game every day.
Good for the price. However the wire cutter is not that too good, always cuts the wire AND cover. I AM using it in a cat6 cable maybe have something to do with it. Handy size and all tools work as expected
I like the ease of going between different games
This thing does a great job of cutting tile. I used it to remodel my master bath. I'm by no means a tile expert, but I you tube and try and this thing kept up like a pro. The blad it came with did so much better then the 4 1/2 blade tile saw I started with. Pro tip, put the good side of the tile face down while cutting to really minimize chipping. This thing isn't a 500 dollar tile saw, but for the weekend warrior trying to save a few (or lots of) bucks, this thing is a great little tile saw!
Gives me a safe place to keep and store documents
Loved the hard to find songs on album, now my collection is almost complete.
It was fine. Everything was what l expected it to be. Difficult to find in my town.
We got this for our son as he enters Boy Scouts. Wanted something light weight that he could use as his day pack. So far it looks like it has ample places to store things and will work out well. While I didn't see a hole for a water pouch tube I think it will easily route out through the zipper.
Works well for me. I use it for measuring pieces used in making jewelry. Scale is easy to read and it is easy to zero.
Cute shirt, good quality!
The slots may look familiar but they're better. You actually win in bonus rounds. Try you'll like it 👍
I use my wrist wallet for my driver's license, credit cards and Medicare card. I made a sleeve (out of aluminum foil and duct tape) to insert into wallet to provide security for the credit cards. Tried wearing with cards and cell phone simultaneously, but found it uncomfortable. Love the bright colors. Had one of the classic size Sprigs wallets for several years, and used it all the time. I hand washed mine Could put cash in the fold over pocket.
Bags work very well. Much better than used plastic grocery bags! Great to have two different sized. So far so good!
Machine works well, magnet seems less strong than machine from Grainger
The only issue I had, was that the gem scratched the plate so easily within a week and on both side of it since it can fall on either side. So now theres half moon scratches on both sides of the charm. Otherwise I love it and its so sweet.
4 stars because it's a decent glove liner. Not 5 because the pouch that holds the hand warmer opens at the top (closer to fingertips than palm) and has no overlapping extra flap, so if you have your hands down by your sides and don't have a glove on over the liners, the hand warmers will fall out. Other than that, I like them.
Fairly easy, very relaxing
Prevents food from getting on the floor, but not water. Looks good though.
It works great . The reason for 4 stars is that I needed to buy a ceiling mount since I was not able to use it from back of the room since the picture size was not adjustable.
I play Free cell everyday,I really like the game
For the brand this item smells good, it leaves my husband hair soft. The fresh smell lingers on his skin all day. It is a good product for the price. ​
When I bought these, I didn't pay attention to the bottom, used for a drill, not an impact
It looks like the person who made this found this material at the sewing store. Then, they put a ribbon around the edge. It's a great gift for someone who like day of the dead. My roommate thinks that it is much more expensive than it is.
All in all I LOVE this! It's portable, has a really sturdy hard case which is great for traveling, a charging cable and a cable that connects to my phone. It also comes with a couple covers to protect the microphone if you're sharing with a bunch of people. I wish the instructions had a bit more information on connectivity and maybe a couple ideas on where to find good karaoke AND recording help. I really like the color options and I look forward to getting to spend more time with friends singing and having fun!
New to the game need understanding more
The final chapter in the Resident Evil series wraps everything up but nothing too different from the previous movies
A good board for the price. It's not a high end board and doesn't appear that it would last long with heavy use, but it's a great board for the occasional beach trip.
I was under the impression that this was made in the US by a small family. It is just another made in China LED light. I bought a 4 pack of similar lanterns for $20.00. It's a decent light but really does not stand out above the average Chinese LED.
Only reason it got 4 stars is because we kept getting repeat questions. Need to add a lot more.
Been using this product for years.i wish it was cheaper though.
I like this CD it's good to unwind to.
I use it at work and it's very handy. So far-its taken a beating.
The directions as to how to put the tent down are wrong. You take the short poles in your hands and fold down and the rest of it will fold up. Have not gone camping with it yet but looks like a nice tent.
Do not use for scuba diving, the fins will not fit with dive boots. I wear a size 10 dive boots and I bought the large/XL size, and they still are tight with boots, even though they aren't meant to be worn with dive boots. Quality gear, just buy for snorkeling only.
Great add-on unit to the Fishpond wading belt system. If you want to keep all of your stuff together, get this holder to go with your Fishpond belt system!!
1 90 pound bag of cement is enough for 3 molds. I let the cement set for 15-20 min then removed and continued with the rest. Worked perfectly although one of the molds arrived cracked (look closely)
One of the most useful tools I've ever had on me. Sometimes it can be hard to use the screwdriver do to the sharp blade. Not the best tool, but probably the most reliable tool I ever had. Only had 1 security guard not approve of it (Out of many.). (Forgot I even had it on keychain, as I take it everywhere.) Blends in with house keys. Pros: - Easy to Carry. - Most security guards won't see it or care. - Cheap (depending on seller.) - Almost looks like a key. - Sturdy. - Locks in place. Cons: - Easy to lose. - Hard to open up, (Requires gripping/pulling.) - Teeth get in the way of a good grip sometimes. Between: - Sharpness is not the best, but decent enough for most task. Can be gripped if careful.
The gloves are not bad. They're for medium and large hands, but you can't be the price. Not really thick, but for light gardening tasks they are very nice
Nice shirts for the price
Quality piece for a great price
Solid hammer. But if you're using it for smithing, be careful of leaving it near heat. The yellow plastic melts easily.
It is expensive but doesn't irritate my skin and works great. There is no odor problem. I use it mainly on my legs while wearing shorts. I treat my clothes with permethrin and use Avon Skin So Soft on my face.
Its a very good picnic buddy if you are going to a park with family and enjoying the summer. The blanket is large you can put lot of stuffs on it. I like the stripes very rainbow colours. I dont think if I can use this on the beach, because of Flannel material but the strap to hold & carry the blanket is very useful.
beware, this is very sharp and slices fingers easily
it is a tight fit, but it does fit. great value for the money
Good product overall
It's dogma, still a fun movie 20ish some years later.
I like the product, but was missing bike rack seat post shims
This is a great product but unfortunately it was too narrow for our intended use.
I really like this little tool it's perfect to work on my bicycle the only thing that I found that the wrench on it if you put too much pressure the little part that stops at will bend. It's easy to bend back into shape but you can not put too much pressure on it other than that I love it
nice little set . not used yet , looks good for the price.
Surprisingly nice. Came with two shields but I have only used the screen
I really like the knife. Seems like it will last with normal use. It's almost too slim which makes it a little tough to open.
All I can say is my husband loves it and plays it every night.
The cover was fairly good, could could have a better quality but the presentation was great.
Still fogs a little, but way less. Pretty comfortable even though one of my nose guard things came off and am having a hard time clipping it back on. I guess i could glue it on.
Awesome product, a must have
These are kind of heavy but they are a good quality slipper that I seem to never take off.
Thought I was getting the three movies only got 2
Product was as expected
Solid hair product - however I did not find it as 'matte' as it said. Would recommend for medium length hairstyles that don't need much hold.
Comfortable and soft. Fits good.
I like it but wish it didn't come with the last 5 wrench holders(the small side). If you have wrenches that small you're probably going to have a set of them that are equally tiny so you would have a separate sheet for them. I like the build quality, am just gonna have to cut off the last 5 small pockets.
My daughter liked it very much except that she'll have to take off in the pool. Saltwater pool.
Wish they offered the really large sizes
This is one of my favorite movies. However, I was not as blown away by the 4K version as I thought I would be. However, to be fair, I just got a new 4K TV and DVD so my settings might not be optimal. Maybe I will play with the settings and watch again. This is well worth purchasing; just not sure whether the 4K version is worth the extra money.
I have 4c African American hair that is very course. I use this on my edges and it helps keep my hair down all day no matter how much I sweat. I will continue use
My 1st air compressor and not to bad for general use.
Love this stroller! Smoothly pops over our broken side walks. Secure harness, room for big kid and toddler, sturdy metal construction. Only wish it had zipper closures instead of Velcro.
Great bag for my tools when on the road.
Love the smell and my teenage son likes it too, Not too girly and not manly at all. So works for us both.
Good cot, not great. Its very comfortable to lay in but it's a bit narrow. My arms kept flopping off the sides and it was quite uncomfortable (just for the arms, everything else was fine). If you're a side sleeper you wont have any problems. If you lay flat on your back and you don't have narrow shoulders you'll need a sleeping bag or something to keep your arms from falling off the sides. Definitely inconvenient but not a dealbreaker. I'd still reccomend this cot because of how easily it folds, how light it is to carry, and how dang good it looks.
Band is very pretty and looks good with the watch. However, the clasp is difficult to undo and after wearing for about 2 weeks, the band pulled apart when I was taking it off my wrist.
I love how this case looks, it is so pretty. The colors are vivid and have a little shine to it. It seems like it will be really sturdy and protect my iPad. It fits the pencil really well, it's easy to get in and out too. The only reason I have it 4 stars is because it doesn't have the awake/sleep feature.
I love the floppy hat! protects my face from UV dangers; easy to breathe through/with - even whilst hiking. Then only 'not-so-good' part about these hats (I have the OD green as well as hot pink) is they're poorly or quickly put together, so the seam work/stitching is less-than-par. I've had to sew up the mesh rim to the hat; the draw cord back on; and a snap ripped right out.
Insert with flashlights says the set should contain a battery charger and a holster. Neither are included. The set comes in a latching green plastic box, which is sturdy, but somewhat impractical. There are two plastic tubes in the box which fill up the space that should be occupied by the above mentioned charger and holster, I imagine. The flashlights are sturdy, pretty bright, and have a focusing feature which expands or contracts the illuminated area. .... The listing does not mention the holster and charger, but they should be included because they are mentioned in the enclosure.... UPDATE: Had a power outage last night that went on for several hours. Just one flashlight, stood on end and pointed at the ceiling, lit up the entire room bright enough to read my prescription bottles to phone in a refill. Very impressive!
I have used these several times and they have worked well, they fit over prescription glasses and were comfortable to wear. They definitely seal well around the edges so debris and twigs can't get under. I would buy them again!
Arrived on time as described. One looked very good, the other two were pretty oxidized (dark gray). With alittle clean up they looked great. Be careful not to remove the zinc. Fair price
I think the handle will eventually burn off but for now they are really sturdy and worked perfectly during my camping trip this past weekend!i think i am going to get rid of the ladles and put some collapsible bowls in their place but i loved using these over the camp fire!
They work well for the price they are offered, and I had no trouble getting the pens to fill themselves with their ink, they are easy to use but have a very harsh paint like smell when you first open them. Worked well for projects and good staple art supply.
Does not stay on all day but it will last for 6 hours
Ive installed it and it scans for malware as it should
Not worth the money for one blade. It is better than most but it will not outdo a pack of six for the same money. Again it's a great blade just would not buy again for the price I paid...
good enough tool. sometime it doesn't cut the lines.
Very good and easy learning
taste great. cook in toaster oven for better flavor.
I bought two of these chairs after much deliberating over several different chairs. We used them last week at Myrtle Beach and they worked well. The only thing that could be better is the cup holder does not work great.
This fit very well. The material feels a little thin. So I will have to see how long the hold up
Handy lights for a variety of uses. Like that you can either use 3 AAA batteries or 18650 battery
Happy to find a helmet that fits my x-large head. Would have gotten 5 stars, but the chin strap barely fits. Apparently my head is very big in both circumference AND height. Needs another 5 cm of strap length to get that 5th star.
P Love Big Fish games. In some games, it's hard to see and find some items.
I like the thickness of this hat. It is very warm and the ears are cute.
It's my own fault. I hoped they would fit, but they were cheap enough to take a chance.
Very well thought-out product. It's thin, so not too hot, and fits easily under a helmet. I'd probably want something thicker for really cold (sub zero) weather, but you can always add a fleece hat or headband. I use this for biking down into the teens and it does the trick. Downsides are that, like all other balaclavas, you will fog your glasses if you pull it up over your mouth. (That said, this one is easy to just pull down to your chin and it stays put there, which is great.). Some of the stitching started come apart after about a month, but a quick and simple repair stopped that from getting out of control. Really glad I purchased this.
Blu-Ray visual quality with the bonus DVD extras is well worth the money
I found this tool to be lacking in working with stone. I was disappointed because that is what I bought this for. However, it is a very handy tool and easy to use. It won't be hard to find other uses for it.
Not for long lasting, but I like the color of it.
Have not had time to try out yet
Not as easy to use and the smaller one that had extra tabs to make application a snap
I liked the refrigerator, but some small issues. The door came with out all the screws for the hinges and it was slightly bent out of the box. Works really well, no complaints.
fit well and do their job
Definitely the best affordable sleeping mat I've tried!
Love them! But really wished they would have came with matching frames or something. I feel like I paid to much for what I received.
Works as well or better than expected.
Bought for my 14 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it. Great quality.
Nice function to fold up, but a bit uncomfortable to wear
only just installed it, but so far I'm enjoying playing it.
This product is great!!! Exactly what I needed. Unfortunately I did not order the right size to fit my shoes. (10 Men's) so I ended up breaking the zipper. I don't think this is a bad product at all though. Just needed the correct size. Can't wait to get my second pair I ordered. This is perfect for door to door salesmen who work in the rain.
Product as stated by seller
Nice for the price. Only problem is that the language is set to French and no idea if it can be changed. No instructions regarding language.
Pretty good haven't made my mind up if I like the old model better
this is my second opi color, and i LOVE it. opi is always smooth even after used up. will keep buying this brand.
My first purchase was the large knife which I purchased directly from Western Active which prompted my second second purchase of this medium knife. First I'll touch on the blade steel which the other reviewers seem to be focused on. 8Cr13MoV is a Chinese made steel found in so many knife models across so many brands it's almost as common as dirt. Why? It's stainless, inexpensive, and easy to sharpen. How often it needs sharpening depends entirely on how much it's used and what is being cut. For the AVERAGE person apt to buy knives on Amazon this steel is perfectly suitable. For those who know more about knife blade steels they already know what they are getting before they buy. In short, don't worry about the blade steel, it's fine. The large size I received was perfect, no issues at all. The medium I received had a very difficult indent in the closed position and the blade didn't center between the handles when closed. I always put folders through about 100 complete open/close cycles to make sure everything is working and to loosen them up a bit. This didn't work on this knife so I held the knife in my left hand and opened the blade with my right hand about an inch and closed it about an additional 100 times. This not only loosened that indent but also centered the blade when closed. Seems like a lot of effort but it's a one and done exercise. The fit and finish are otherwise very well done. I like larger knives so I won't be getting the small knife, I'll wait until Honey Badger introduces other models down the road to see what they offer.
Took a while to obtain the correct size (if half size order next size larger) but it works like any other mud boot and is priced very well. Happy with the purchase.
Good quality bits, nice product at a fair price. In a nice little plastic box that, unfortunately and I will add too often was broken in the transportation because it was loose in the box with other heavy products. This is not a supplier issue but an Amazon recurrent problem.
I liked that I could listen and read along with the narrator. I love this app.
Good price on good product that can be used on more than 1 computer
Is VERY loud and a bit heavy but sucks up and mulches voluminous amounts of leaves. Blower and vacuum very powerful. Need ear and dust protection.
It works good.. so far.. I can't speak for the longevity of it bc I have only had it for a short time but I know it's got to last longer then the cheap a$$ charger that came with the drill..
Striker is a small but works
What a great product, works like it is advertised and was shipped and delivered on time. No 5 star because the battery that came with it was empty. Definitely a must buy.
The compass is quite good.....unfortunately it came in cameo not shown on the offering picture ... and the case is a bit heavy
Good story and action. Enjoyed it.
Fits well, keeps husband warm under jeans. Cons: they shrink length wise in the dryer. Now they look like Capri pants
great case. Very simple but does exactly what it's suppose to. Definitely worth the money
Plastic part of card broke after 3 uses. But blade is sharp and fits in wallet well.
If your the outdoors camper person this is ideal. Small and compact in its own carry case, so nothing gets dirty after using it. You do have to buy the gas separate from this
This is a challenging game, but I found it fun. Just relax and don't try to rush through it.
Price is a little hefty, it was a gift for my dad so I'm not sure how it held up in terms of longevity
I loved the video card, but never heard from receiver. Not sure if they got it.
This item is pretty cool. Is very portable.
The programs are interesting and teaching
As advertised keep water cold 36+ hours
I had to go through four converter boxes to find two that worked, but my original VCR didn't work with them.
Many items in my Prime box came crushed and dented. This bag was popped and the contents were crushed. Tasty, but many did not make it.
I cut shallow tree roots out of yard. Some roots were 4” or 5”. It cut them mud and all. Although blade was flimsy cutting small limbs.
The things I like 1) it has a flat top where my thumb will go 2) it has a good heavy duty pocket clip ( since I will be carrying it in my pants pocket I need the heavy duty one ) 3) it has a nice carbide tip which is semi sharp , so if I have to defend myself it will bite into the person who I am defending myself against. 4) It's heavy duty , sturdy. 5) It's stainless steel which makes it heavy. What I don't like about it , it needs a rubber gasket to keep it from unscrewing , it is constantly unscrewing ( partway ) and I have to keep snugging it up. I wish the carbide tip was pointier / more aggressive
This is belated but we took this to Hilton Head and unfortunately we did have to get sand neighbors to help us out it up. I am ashamed at my ineptness, but the tent is Fantastic. Shelter and I snoozed on the beach!
These are good! Very flavorful. Quite small but better than the ones ive had in restaurants.
Works well, but for this price I'd expect the dies to match up a little better.
Nice for occasional use at the office. Not super high-end.
Hello, Here I show with photos in the bad conditions that the CDs arrived due to the poor packaging. The packaging must be in a box that protects the heavy transport.
I love the size, how light weight it is and the backlight. The only bad thing I can say about it, is there is a little black coloring along the bottom edge, I will say though that as I am reading, I really don't notice it, I am just hoping that over time it doesn't worsen. This is the only reason I am not giving it 5 stars. For the price and just the overall feel, I would purchase again.
It works. Have not used it yet.
I will be using this as part of my home inspection business. While I have only tested it in my home, it seems to sniff voltage from almost a foot away. This could be bad when I am trying to figure out exactly which wire is hot if I encounter a large mess of wires. The flashlight feature is a plus.
I look sharp on the job in my new coat.
quality seemed good enough but had to return it because it was too large. i wear a 7.5 - 8 women's shoe size. will probably try the xs.
Wanted it on DVD have it on Blu-ray already still enjoyed the movie
Fairly Cheap and useful
Works great, blends well with glasses frame. Sizing is slightly bigger than expected but completely as advertised.
Got this knife in the mail a couple hours ago. Here are my initial thoughts. Pro: Thin and pocketable Light weight for its size. Sharp right out of the box, but razor sharp after a few hits on the strop. All stainless construction with an overall nice finish. Con: Lock can be a little tough to manipulate if you have big hands. Finger area of handle not chamfered on the inside. A few sharp edges. I will ease the edges with diamond files. Stiff action that needs to be adjusted for smoother operation. I'm sure it will smooth up after use also. The pocket clip is the bulky part of this knife. Scales seem to me to be a bit thin. A few thousandths thicker scales wouldn't have changed the weight by much but would have improved the overall feel. The big gripe I have is that this is a truly ambidextrous open and close knife. But why is the pocket clip not reversible for lefties? This seems like a major oversight by CRKT. There are few left hand friendly knives. But this could have easily been one had CRKT just put a way to mount the clip on the other side. Come on CRKT! This should have been a no brainer. All in all, this is actually a really good knife for the price.
Loved the height and width! A little tricky taking it down!!
easy to use and good lite
Good blades. They dull a bit faster but for the price they are worth every penny.
These boots are almost perfect. They don't keep your feet very warm in cold weather so wear extra warm socks. Otherwise, I would have given 5 stars! I replaced the red laces w dark gray. Super cute!! Size is accurate.
Some dented in the tag.
I liked how it had the critical components -- food, water, shelter, basic toiletries and tools. The bag itself should be of higher quality, but that is the only downside I've seen so far.
My Nephew (30) Loved getting a pampering "guy" gift at the Holidays. Skin care is important for all of us. Jack Black products are very high quality skin care. Fresh, clearing, invigorating, and just a good skin care routine PERIOD.
The bracelet looks very nice. It is more than I expected.
Needed a blue polo quickly. Honestly the quality is there.
I dont love it but it was cheap enough.. Decent for a little work knife
We use this product while using weed eaters to clear brush and grass from our property
Nice, good quality and good fit
Very nice glasses, the etching is well done and I'm impressed. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because this set is described as one wine glass and one Whiskey glass. However I received two wine glasses. The whiskey glass was specifically for someone but the wine glass will do.
Enjoyed playing. Sometimes it is difficult to win. Still fun though.
Great for chain saw and wood working
why is the price cheaper now I want a refund or I will just return
Does the job but made kinda cheap, I'm replacing a 10 year old camping potty but this one will not make it 10 years
I received this today. I am unhappy with my purchase. It is as shown in the picture, but it doesn't stand rigidly without yarn packed into it. I am unable to put in projects I have already started, unless I cut my yarn. Once I start a project, I can't remove it without cutting yarn. Once I put a project in it, there is no way to carry , or putting it in the bag, without the yarn getting stuck in the zipper. So, essentially, I can't carry it around unless I have this bag, and another for the yarn!!! Although the bag was bad the company responded very quickly to my review of the bag. I appreciate their quick response and I'm very satisfied with it. Maybe I will find something better next time.
Much better than I expected. Have not used all pieces yet. Checked with existing fasteners, and all seem ok. I would not use them as a tool maker, but good to have around the home shop.
Not the best. I was expecting a little more out of a Coleman. I had another air mattress of there's that I used that was crazy comfortable and I used for months. This needed air every other day and not nearly as comfortable. Wouldn't want to spend more than a night or two on it. But for the price its not a bad option for kids and sleep overs and such. So three star total plus one for price.
Cute little match 3 game. Only problem is Amazon says it will run on my original Kindle Fire (2011), but although it will install, it won't open so I am playing it on a different device.
My 4 to enjoy this game, and is learning alot. Gives me time to wash dishes or Ted to my youngest child.
The light is great but the battery life leaves something to be desired. Maybe 30 minutes of usable light.
It was a great movie that I have never seen before and I really enjoyed it.
Great lotion, but hard to pump.
very nice movie - was entertaining.
These have to returned because they were too small for my ten year old grandson. Still, they looked durable and would probably be comfortable if they fit.
For the price I dont think these can be beat. They seem well made and i feel like they will last.
This is an excellent product. I'd consider it an almost essential when camping. Boils water in minutes. Can cook on it as well. My only complaint is the weight. It's a lot heavier than I expected. I was expecting it on the day it arrived. When I saw a package on my porch, I picked it up and didn't know what it was because it was much heavier than I expected. Not sure how much lighter the titanium version is but it may be worth saving up for. My pack is heavy enough without adding more weight than necessary. Remember. Everything adds up. Ounces = pounds, and pounds = pain. Keep plenty of twigs handy to get it going. And keep plenty of sticks handy once it's lit. It does burn through sticks quickly.
I love the scent and it leaves my hair feeling soft. I don't have a problem with dandruff but I had tried this product once before and really enjoyed it
Good soldering iron tips like to come loose from heating
Works well only thing I would recommend on product improvement is add a rubber traction underneath so it doesn't slide on slick surfaces. Other than that does it's job.
These Phillips #2 tips seem to be pretty good quality. The slightly serrated tips grip the inside of the screws better than a plain tip. I used one tip on a few screws to loosen and/or tighten them & I think they're going to hold up as well as any. I took off one star because of weak magnetism. Most screws just fall off. Bit of a disappointment because the main reason I got them was for the magnetism.
I love this game.you only need to touch the screen a few times for it to make a super cool design. I have only had this game for 1minute and I already LOVE it!!
Well this is a review of the app on the fire stick. I have it on my phone it's a 5 star, but on the Stick the method of controlling zoom, scan, location, etc. are not as user friendly. I don't know that there is much more that can be done though. There are limited buttons and user controls on the remote. It is, without a doubt, the most accurate radar app I've used.
seem to be pretty good tires put them on a 2009 Toyota Corolla and a 1998 Nissan Altima They are one size smaller than you're supposed to have but it was a little cheaper and really doesn't make a difference
Great tent for the money the tent bag is already ripping after 2 uses but the tent itself is great so far
Took 4 days for shipping with no updates about late arrival.
Fit very well and the length was better than expected. Padding seems adequate, but the first long ride will tell the story.
Super cooler but the lid fits soooo tight you have to really work to get it open!
Great Price for the total box of discs from these super stars .
But not as much as other soundtracks.
you get what you pay for
Very Sharp out of the box, large cleaver like blade..the blade was a little too easy to close..had to tighten up the adjustment screw..other then that great work knife.
These are very cute bags, they're adorable, sturdy and present very well.
Nice tracks from all the singers
Exercises make me feel good without sweating.
Thankfully this software Isn't on disc. Usually It would be In a case of like 25 discs with a book of photos of every detail. but thank u Lord a quick go to version of all that exists. great for table conversations.
I love this product it works...though it is drying to my skin. I sometimes have to skip a day or two for my skin to calm down.
Use them almost on a daily bases. They work.
I was not expecting a good quality shirt, but it actually is. Especially not bad for the price.
although light weight, works very well
Very well made, however the sizing chart was pretty far off. I have very average width and length feet, and I measured them based on the chart and ordered accordingly, however they were far too small, both lengthwise and width. Overall still nice skates, but buyer beware - if you have wide feet, the size won't matter too much because there is a 99% probability they will pinch your feet no matter what. If you have average sized feet, then go with a 1-2 size increase from what your foot matches to on their chart
sounds good for my sons chevy truck
Perfect for any outdoor occasions.
Great product. I have the solar panel on the camper and it charges all day in south west Florida and it has light for at least three plus hours. Very happy with the quality for the price. We use these lights when we are camping somewhere without electricity hookups- does the job.
Its fine. People are always talking about how amazing Yeti products are so I figured that I would give it a try and its ok.... The one thing that I absolutely hate about it is that I won't fit in the cup holder of my car.
This is a very nice rack and carried our bikes well. I would have given it five stars, but we have mountain bikes and had quite a bit of jiggling to do and remove one front wheel in order to get both bikes on the rake. Sturdy and well built.
The best job I ever had
Competitive pricing and easy to work the program.
This was a gift. Very useful and works well.
Wanted an extra tablet for reading as my ipad is 13". it's alright for the price i guess. resolution is meh, speed is ugh, and app support is negligible.
Not as durable as I imagined, but no problems so far. Easy to install and adjust.
Great for unwinding after a long day at work!
Haven't used the tv yet but i wish i would have known that it didn't come in a Amazon box or any kind of box that didnt clearly say tv all over it. It is a birthday present for my son and he brought it in from fedex
Arrived on time. It was packaged well. The blade had a corrosion blemish mid blade on both edges. The edge geometry was way off. Butter knife dull. I had to run it through a belt sharpener to adjust the edge geometry and the corrosion blemish polished out without a problem. It is now an outstanding knife, well made. Fit and finish, on the grip is good. A little heavy . All in all it's a nice knife.
Play one time and you'll be hooked!!
The OLFA Rotary Cutter works great for getting into small areas.
It's bright, compact, and great for the price. The charge could last a little longer but it's not a deal breaker. Would purchase again.
Love this board unpacks and packs up quickly. I bought a battery powered air pump but it was so quick using the hand pump it came with we just used that. Only down side is this board is really too light weight to use at the beach if there are any waves or it's choppy in terms of actually standing on the board. We still had loads of fun sitting on the board. Overall well pleased with this board
Great price for 3 flashlights that are very bright.
Really good n easy to use
Thsi is a very comfortable seat. I highly recommend it.
great price and well made product.
That's a small bike computer,it's portable to track your speed and distance your travel.It was very easy to attach, but waterproof look like not actually work, maybe you cant use on the rainy day
Fun to play but could use a bit of a story line. Now don't bug me anymore.
Bought this more for Christine and Fright Night both excellent movies. Seventh Sign isn't bad but the Blob is just a bad remake that didn't need to be made and I wish it wasn't....
I have several color blind family members. I bought these hopping that they would just help my son be a safer driver when driving. They seam a bit cheep as far as quality. For my son there is a slight difference for him. However for my dad, it was amazing!!!! Very emotional and life changing just like the videos you watch of people on Facebook. It can not believe that I got to experience something so special. To see colors for the first time!!!!! I am telling you it was a priceless experience
Interestingly fun and hard at times. Makes you think!
Fast delivery and sounds great just a good reminder of the old days.
Overall, the product does what I needed/expected. It was very hard to use at first though and lots of plastic came out with the first three or four uses -- like the pilot holes were too small for the bit.
For price this is an amazing product!
Loved it She has guts
Couldn't give it 5 stars because we didn't use them. We bought these for a trip and we just didn't use them.
First I'll say this is smaller than I thought. I bought this rather than the size up because we have issues with bottles fitting in car cup holders. This works perfectly, but one size up might do me better and still fit. Nevertheless, it's great. Last night I left the bottle in my car at around 8pm, with the outside temp at around 80 degrees. The bottle was 3/4 full of water and ice. I came out this morn and noticed I'd forgotten to close the cap. The water was still ice cold and the ice was still there, unmelted. This is a win! I think the mag cap is half gimmick half utilitarian, but overal, I'm digging this bottle!
Just like the fox. Comes with the pocket clip on the wrong side. Great for training. Would be better if it came with a small bit driver to change the clip as needed.
Really good for concerts! I used it for many events
For a quick snack when you are craving something sweet...so easy to make and quite tasty.
Heavy and durable but doesn't prop up very well.
We started using the Baby Signing Time DVDs to teach my son how to communicate since he didn't seem to be too crazy about actually talking. He loves those videos. The Signing Time ones aren't as interactive so he doesn't like them quite as much, but they're still great for teaching kids (and adults) sign language. The packaging is extremely cheap though and the case was cracked when we received it. I know that there are 13 discs here, but I would have really appreciated a better quality case for the amount of money I spent.
I bought this case to turn my Fire 10 HD tablet into a cheap Echo Show and baby monitor for use with my WiFi camera. It works great. I can lay the tablet down, or set it upright, or set it at an incline. It has already protected my tablet from several falls onto the tile floor in the kitchen and wood floor in the living room. My only complaint is that I can't set it upright in portrait mode at any kind of angle. I had to trim the corners on the handle part to make it stand up at an angle in portrait mode (i.e. to read stuff in portrait mode while cooking).
Fit my Sears Kenmore Elite refrig nicely......just like the factory version but much cheaper.
Just what I ordered-- good quality. Little large for a large. If I reorder I'll get a Med.
Good product. Works well. Is worth the money.
A nice variety of colors, they work fine.
Pro - semi-easy installation - Black rubber feet for security - adjustable height to custom fit your bike - seems solid. The grab hole is made for oval shape or rectangular shape frame, and mine is a round shape pipe frame. I did tie down to the best I could but still see a good amount of space in between. But so far it has been solid and without slipping. Improvements - - the included wench is hard to use, slips out all the time. I have to use mine regular Allen wench.
Really like the crank arm set. I did have to add more blue loctite to pinch bolts. Because they would loosen. Not a big deal, still very happy with it.
Cool game. Wish I could drag my finger and paint multiple boxes at the same time. I have to do one by one.
Best show ever! However, the first disk is damaged and so some episodes can't be played.
I tested this out just in my house, and it was easy to fill up. Once totally filled, it's quite comfortable and it's easy to put back into the little bag it comes with. I'm excited to use this on a back packing trip.
arrived on time and in great shape!
Oh boy, do I love this lotion. It smells heavenly. I mix it with my regular non-scented moisturizer for two reasons, it lasts longer and the smell is not overpowering.
Fine. Case is a little weak.
Fairly thick material, so the poncho should be good for multiple uses. It's VERY large, so if you're small in size don't expect it to be fashionable. I'm 5'3" and it covers me from head to calf. Definitely gets the job done in keeping you covered.
I use this to store robotics parts on my classroom. It's exactly what I was looking for. The drawers slide easily but you do have to be careful upon full extension as they may come disconnected. Only reason for 4 stars.
The belt is extremely good quality for an all leather belt. I is exactly as described and the size recommendations are right on. Maybe the only possible improvement could be some sort of internal stiffener the would help in the long term support the weight of a full size all metal sidearm. Time will tell, butt so far it is working great!
TOOLS ARE GREAT FOR PRIVATE USE AND LIGHT DUTY WORK
Not the highest quality, but held up well for 6 week road trip by car & hotel.
Home is a good app. Their customer service is excellent. My only issue is shipping time. But they tell you that up front so its my issue!
I love how well made it is I know I will get years of use, I would Change the straps to a single loop around the neck and the waist ties with adjustable snap clip this would perfect the apron for me. I will probably change the strap set up, because the apron itself is worth the effort .
I love this little vacuum, but it has a small hose. That's great for car or home, but if you are using it in a garage, shop or job site you might want a bigger hose. It has a ton of attachments....maybe too many. I don't see the point of the carrying case and the buckets for the attachments. Great for the price and tons of suction.
I'm overall pleased with this scarf, I bought it for my dogs, however both dogs white fur is now pink where the dye has come off, so beware of that!
Not the best fit, but it works. Gets the job done. Should last a while. Not a replacement for a higher quality spoke wrench.
overall good bag. A bit smaller that I expected but it still works. depending on your rack, the velcro straps may not work to attach it to the rack so I just used the included bungee cord to secure it on. Works fine. I can fit 4 16 oz water bottles, mini bike pump, small first aide supplies and other small items. That about fills it up. I did not use the exterior bottle holder. I suppose it would be fine for a smaller water bottle. great for smaller items so I do not have to use a backpack.
Product fits well and a great way to move my Echo dot away from the table and save space! The included short cable is a great convenience!
Gloves are fine but you need large size to fit a medium sized hand.
for the price they are good. However if you are expecting high quality, you better spend more. Probably 7% break immediately. But you do get 100 and they work for what I wanted.
Great product really versatile. For me the 2” adjustability is this models bread and butter for efficiency. Use it For all things it advertises and more. I have used it for things from mounting my line levels to support for top sill plates in framing. Just use common sense. I had to take a point off simply so as not to make people think it can't be made better. Particularly in QC specifically if you're gonna make put a level on something make sure it can be leveled lol. Also and more importantly to me, the tolerances should be tighter with regard to wobble in the head and base. Definitely not deal killers but worth mentioning.
Fun game to keep you busy. I love games like this and it gets more challenging at a good place
This is a cute bag but smaller than I anticipated. I bought this to take on weekend trips to explore cities or go hiking. We like to have a way to transport treasures throughout the day while using the trolley/bus and remaining hands free all day. I am really happy that it is so light weight. My only concern is how much it will really hold.
I have ordered these several times. They are great when delivered fresh! Last time I ordered them they were starting to wrinkle up. The flavor is sweet and mild compared to other yellow onions.
Based on limited use so far, I am pleased, worked well for me.
This is easier to use than the more expensive fit bits I bought. Just enough for what I needed
The wrist and elbow pads fit my 3.5 year old great. The knee pads are too big.
I installed strip lighting under the hand rail on my deck, Holds lights perfectly upside down on the bottom of the rail
Works and fits well, but it has a bright blue light on it. Not good if you keep it in your bedroom. :(
It gets warmer than I thought, which is pretty nice, it's good to keep in your pocket when it's cold out. The charge doesn't last terribly long, maybe an hour or two of use on the warming function, which prevents me from giving it a five star rating, but it still does the job decently well.
My son is pretty hard on his water bottles, but this one seems sturdy. Didn't give it 5 stars due to the difficulty of opening the lid.
These sure keep the ice for a long time
Can't tell it refurbished
With You Raise Me up how can you go wrong.
Pay attention to the size. They are small earrings but were purchased to replace studs that were damaged. These are tiny. I would not recommend for primary earrings but they work well for graduated studs in the lower lobe.
I put to good use with home projects
Love the fairies, paintings and tea cup florals. Who do I contact when I don't receive my coins?
Very good potato chip alternative. Sadly every bag of the ranch flavor was stale.
The game is fairly entertaining. It keeps my 6 year old playing for long stretches of time.
These are decent trekking poles I do like some of the features. Very light weight, nice cork grips and padded straps. Several colors to choose from.
These imperial Knives are nice....for the money. Definitely not a Case in quality and material but nice none the less
Good product I never have it make my hair feeling better
Works well for us, 4 stars because cord that plugs into the car is way to short, pain to connect.
Fits well, packable, can be secured with chin strap when windy.
works great hoses were difficult to find due to poor info on dimensions of inside & outside dimensions on hose packages
Solidly built, bright color, snap closures good. Overall, a decent item for storage of any small toys.
I had read reviews about the clips on the sides breaking or bending with the weight of the markers on the straps. My unit did not come with a strap. There was only the top handle. This was fine for me as it was just for storage of the markers and this case will likely be within another larger bag. The case quality was as expected. It also fit my Copic markers. I previously had an Art Bin case with plastic insert for markers. That was far too large and awkward to carry around. This case will work much better and be more portable.
What is the plastic sleeve that came with the tactical flashlight for? Neither end will fit over neither end of the battery module. What are the five holes in handle of the tactical knife for?
Let them warm up in the sun, insert tube inflate and seat bead. deflate tube and leave one bead seated,Use air jet to seal other bead...Buggers!
they are ok, the seam causes a very slight bounce - but the product is good value for money
Blades are sharp. Great price. Only downfall, no instructions included to install.
I have ordered this set new several times (about 4) form other vendors suggested by Amazon and received sets with many disks flaw/scratched. Amazon's return policy has been invaluable. Finally I ordered directly from Amazon and received a set whose disks were in good condition! I have taken a star off because there were broken pieces of plastic from the each disk case in the box although the box and the shipping box had no obvious damage. I recommend anyone who purchases a disk set from Amazon always check the disks immediately for damage; it is usually very obvious!!
We use it to trim houses with. I was just expecting 2 battery's the body of the gun is a bit larger than I was expecting
I dislike the fact that the same music plays over and over. Should have various genres.
My favorite cookies ....
Completely suitable replacement for the original part(s). Performed very well in all respects. Would definitely recommend to others.
The CD did not come with the album booklet. If I can be sent that album booklet that would be great.
I think the only improvement to this water bottle would be a hook for a carabiner, otherwise it is excellent!
Too many ads. I wish it wouldn't get continually more difficult. I want to play for leisure like wheel of fortune
Works great just as advertised
Great TV series. I really enjoyed watching it all again. I definitely recommend it.
Very nice and easy to use but a little difficult to fold back up after. Nice sized and lots of space.
These work pretty good and we're easy to set up. I originally purchased a slightly cheaper set but I don't remember the name and they were horrible so I'd definitely recommend not getting anything less then these. The cheaper set was hard to shift and the cable was cheaper also. I had no problem with these. I purchased these because I don't like the twist grips that originally came on the bike. I'm no professional bicyclist by far and only really ride to spend quality time with my daughter but I kept changing gears on accident so I purchased these for that reason and this style solved that problem so I'm happy
Easy to work gun made putting in my pond really easy. I used the can with plastic hose for another pond and this is much better. My pond came out beautiful with this and very strong.
If you like to do it yourself, then you should have this tool. It is amazingly useful. It will save your energy and time.
Video was in good condition. Was worth the money!
Like it but it is not easy. Be ready to work. Don't suggest for older adults. Need to be in shape.
It's my routine breakfast, and substitutes for any missed meal. It tastes cooked and canned, but I happen to be comfortable with that flavor.
I watched the entire series all the way through with no problem. But then when I tried to watch it again, it started skipping and then freezing. I even bought a new dvd player and it still skipped and froze. I'm glad I was able to see it the first time around but just be aware that this might happen.
I bought this as a recommendation for a teacher toolbox and everything is great... except the drawers are about 1/4" too shallow for pens and Sharpies to fit in them. That was the only disappointment. Otherwise, the drawers clip closed, it has lots of room, and seems heavy duty.
These are nice aviators. They are not as wide or deep as some which may affect you IF you are a pilot ;-) Otherwise they are lightweight. Only concern is construction. I've already had the lens pop out after a 3 ft drop onto wooden floor. The lens went back in but it's not quite the same.
I like this project a lot, but I don't like that I can't hook up my iPad directly to it. I thought when it says there is a USB port that meant I could hook it right up to the iPad but that isn't the case.
My grandsons, my son and I like them simply for the recharge ability.
Very pleased. Cannot wait to get season 2.
The product is pretty good for its price and has a god look. The cap is fragile and can break if it hits the ground but the amazing customer service can help you fix that. They follow up with you through email to ensure that everything is to your satisfaction.
I would have gave it 5 stars, but no instructions on or in box, and I was a little confused how to work it at first. But love it.
Well constructed. Good quality
I'm on number 2 of 4 (not including the one that originally came with the bottle). Not easy to clean. Even with the camelbak brushes, it's hard to completely clear out the top of the valve, so eventually you will get a build up of backwash and (if you have anything other than water in it) possible mold. While it is dishwasher safe, the design doesn't allow for full cleaning. I'm getting about 3-4 months out of each before I just have to throw it away and pull out a new one.
Same product you can purchase for the same price at Sephora
I have a CT Mini. This did not fit exactly but was easy to push it over the two tabs that did not line up. No problem with the operation and a lot cheaper than the Festool ones.
Good quality and accurate. It resulted in clean, well formed pocket holes when I was using it on PVC siding. The plastic base of the jig is a little slippery, so use a quality clamp and ensure it does not twist as you start to drill.
This light is bright. Motion sensing etc works as advertised. I replaced an existing LED fixture with this one for the motion sensing feature. I had to improvise the wire connections. The existing one has a different plug-in connector. I did not use the wires to connect directly. Instead I bought wire connectors from Home depot and managed even though it was not the right kind. This is not a high quality picture. Then again it is a good value for the price.
It's got a touch screen which I didn't expect. It's a little bit slow but it works fine.
Previously reported issues relating to the app stopping for no apparent reason seem to have been resolved.
Cute because it's minions....
I bought it as a gift, its bright and compact, should provide a ton of light for my two person tent.
Didn't love the fit but the dress and color was very pretty. Snugger in the middle than I wanted.
This is the one. It came with no battery. Can you send a battery or do I return it?
Was impressed by how beefy these knives are. I'm still learning to throw so these knives seem to throw a lot better than some smaller knives I was throwing. My hopes are these knives are strong enough to take the beating I am going to give them.
This is an excellent product! I don't know if it's waterproof yet because I haven't gotten it wet yet. I purchased this product so I could carry my Apple iPad Air. It doesn't fit in the sling. The Air is too large to carry it. I looked at the picture in the ad and I thought it was for the Air. Guess not!! It might fit an iPad mini.
size runs small but is impressive ring...
Difficult to identify and keep the dies organized in the case. Otherwise, it works fine.
Good movie, but too many labels were put on it and it was tore.
I really wanted to love these, the material was of good quality, they were soft, had a nice feel to them & they seemed really well made. Esp for the price! The issue for me was the length of the jeans; being only 5'3 caused the patches on the pants look really misplaced and odd... if I was a tad taller, the patches would have been higher up and not end up looking like I was wearing uneven knee pads from afar. I think if it had just one patch it would not have been too much of an issue of looking like you were just installing carpet. I would also reconsider re-purchasing if they offered multiple length options.
Havent thrown it yet but seems to be fine.Will have to sharpen a bit
These are a little too big and heavy for a dog to wear on their collar. My dog is 85 pounds and I took it off her collar during our dark walks and attached it to the leash.
Poles were great but after only a few light day hike uses the mechanism that locks the pole in place failed to stop the pole in place so it is now unusable.
Very challenging game. Keeps you thinking. So many stages that seems to never end.
This is great for my very sensitive eyes!! No problems with red eyes or irritation! It takes a bit of practice to learn to use it because when it is wet it gets all over your lids. All you have to do is dry it with your blow dryer and wipe away excess with a Dry q tip!! It will not give a dramatic eyelash look. It's great for that every day look.
Great movie based on a true story. I love it.
Took a while to get used to and I wish you could save on free version but pretty good otherwise
The socks were as expected. Fit fine. Feel fine.
They are very comfortable and do actually keep my hands warm without being too thick.
Actually makes a good flashlight, and the red one has been great as a car interior light.
my husband wanted these for my daughters house so when he goes over there to work he doesnt have to bring his tools all the time
Lightweight and sturdy, this is perfect for effortlessly rolling my 17' double kayak from the car to the shore and back. I love how it folds together, and the pneumatic tires are great for rolling over various terrains. I'd give it 5 stars in a heartbeat, BUT for one design flaw. The cotter pins that hold the wheels on keep falling off... about every 3rd use. The swinging ring to hold them on swings too easily. I've been finding them and putting them back on, until this last time, and now the whole assembly is useless. Looking for replacement cotter pins now.
I bought the neck/shoulder wrap version of this elsewhere and misplaced it.. I bought this as a replacement and it is pretty nice. The one I had previously was stuffed with rice instead of beans which really made it hold heat longer.. that is the only drawback from this product
Holds batteries as expected lol but it fits 10 1500mah 4s lipos in 1 bag
I like that it is very compact. It can be a bit tricky trying to get the poles into the pocket sleeve but it is possible. The chair was very comfortable to sit in. Low to the ground but better than sitting on a rock.
Bought as stocking stuffer for my 2 sons. They both liked them a lot. The whistles actually work (some of the other survival whistles don't work at all). We have not tried the fire starter out yet. The only downside is it's a bit big on my 8 year old and can't be adjusted down.
I liked the story but was very disappointed to find out that it was the same one that I had under the name of Christmas Special 2016 And seeing by some other reviews. Other people have been caught out as well. I read the description and before buying it and it was totally different to one I had on the back of my copy and the cover was different so thought it was series 4. so now I have 2 copies of the same Disc.
useful article and good material. I advise
Nice little dungeon grinder/time killer. Im app purchasing but not horrible alternatives to gain gear. If you like grinds and not stupidly spending money on upgrades it's really not that bad.
This little guy is well made and great in tight spaces.
A fun throwback movie! It arrived on time, as described by Amazon & manufacturer, the packaging was undamaged, and the product itself was unmolested and made with quality materials.
This is an inexpensive alternative to the name brands. I like the color of both of these shirts and the fabric, and I'm sure it would be great for someone who's got tighter abs, but for a large, it fits a little tight around the middle and doesn't hide my tummy the way I like. If it were a bit baggier, I'd be happier! I wear it when I'm exercising or hanging around the house, but I wouldn't wear it out.
Have not used it but now I have it in my tool arsenal. Made of sturdy aluminum, I wouldn't trust a plastic one to last.
Love this product. This is the 2nd one we have purchased. 1st one arrived packaged in a box this 2nd one arrived in a bag and as you can see from photo has been dented in transit
Nice little light and a positive and satisfying click to the pressure switch.
The fit around the head was perfect except for the face cover (over the nose) that was too tight for me. Fairly warm on very cold days with enough clearance around head for another wool cap. Also with the face mask, spectacles cloud up on very cold days--have to remove spectacles. Plastic clip between ear flaps broke in about 2 months on very cold day.
Solid home saw. Sometimes I wonder if I should have gotten the bigger one -- this one will cut a 2x4 in one cut, but can't handle a 2x6 without making a second cut. Really not a big deal for my purposes most of the time. The dust bag is fairly useless, FYI. Love the laser line though.
Top has broken already I have to update this. Yes it broke right away but the customer services was excellent!
Love the product but way overpriced for the amount you get. This product is NOT in the category “a little goes a long way”!
She's going on my car
good product for the price...
Protects valuable sunglasses well.
Great set of tools. The case is much larger than the one pictured - it is almost 2 feet wide! It is heavy too, but it makes sense as there is a lot of tool goodness packed in there. The only complaint I have is the blow molded case. As others have mentioned, it does not hold the sockets very well and a couple fall out every time you open the case, or worse, when you are trying to close the two halves together.
I had it for a long time and it was great i got to level four and was almost done until I opened it two minuets later and I was on level one!!!! I had to restart all of it and it was so annoying!!!!
A little on the cheap side but works well!
Y Lanyard gives you security in the scissor lift as well as freedom of arm movement
I got the bra because I am bigger around with small cups. It fits great and is nice quality.
This thing is awesome. Easy to carry and super convenient to have in your pack. It comes with a nice pouch to keep everything together and a tool to hold the grill up when needed. The grill fits two large burger patties at a time comfortably and holds a good amount of charcoal briquettes. I bought a small cleaning brush separately and tossed it in the pouch. 👍
The spinach was very fresh and delicious.
second one, great boat for the $$$$$'s
I like these pencils. The color chart it came with had 20 boxes to color but the list was only 19 it was easy to work around. I found that the smoother the paper the better they blend. I just color for relaxation and these pencils make it easy. I do wish the set had more blues ( lighter)
Comfortable and very sturdy! Very happy. Only downside- it is a little heavy. Still- very happy with this beach chair!
The grip tape is bubbled in one spot but nothing major. Fast shipping. Pic is spotted a little like a comic book but it still looks cool. Thanks a lot.
You get what you pay for. The headband broke right away.The stuff is not great quality. But you get lot of pieces for one price and in one package.
It's an adorable and sweet song but very very short, it's too bad it just didn't repeat to get in a little longer.
Very cool light for the price. It will even do strobe effects. A little weird you click on/off once yoi get normal light. Click on/off twice for strobe effect. Not sure how durable havent dropped it or gotten it wet.
Great for the casual players who enjoy puzzles and variety.
I'd give it a five but, I ordered four, and one arrived without a cap, and I did not get a replacement.
Good for lunches, but chips are crumbled.
Good price does what it needs to do
Very breathable, comfy as old-fashioned boots get. I did have an eyelet detach on me so not 5 stars.
You can't see you r mistakes
I have plantar fasciitis, and these socks help. They don't make the pain go away, but they definitely lower it somewhat.
If you liked the show when it aired on TV the you will like the DVD's if not then do not buy this set.
I bought the K2 to give myself additional room for at least one of my kiddos and gear. The seat is basically useless as the back has zero rigidity. I sat on the seat and just let the back side flip down to give myself and extra long seat for shifting around. The legroom is great for me at 5'2” and probably will be suitable for up to an average height man or woman. The kayak itself sit very well made and inflates/deflates within minutes. I used an electric pump so much quicker. It definitely will take a little longer with the manual pump that comes with it but should still be reasonable. The only issue Ive noticed is the the bottom portion tends to lose air. I noticed on both trips after coming out of the water, the bottom had deflated just slightly. So I would recommend taking the manual pump with you for longer trips in the water just to be safe. This is the only reason I'm giving just 4 stars. Overall, I'm very happy with this kayak. I'm new to kayaking and this is a great one for beginners or leisurely paddles around the lake.
Feels more like a tarp material but works great on the beach and cleans easily. It's also a great size and comes with stakes
Prefer plants vs zombies but not available on the fire anymore, had to get this so it's ok so far...
This is a very nice set for the money. It's a great set for the average homeowner or hobbyist. I don't know how well the sockets would hold up long term for a professional mechanic but so far they seem pretty solid. The ratchet is a little rough but for the price I would consider it a good buy.
I use them in different areas of the house as I have 1 for each room velcro to a wall near the light switch........it saves time by having to not hunt down a light..... ..
I really like the design. There are occasional ads, but they're not bothersome.
Packing it back up is a bit challenging, but great size and colors.
Seems very which absorbent. It's a bit too thick for my taste.
Use as sunscreen and instead of foundation
Intuitive and more features than I'll ever be able to use. No regrets choosing the Cyberlink brand.
good quality and price
Works well keeps things cold all day. Do not like the shoulder strap it twists and turns and does not go straight
The ability to add light helps older eyes. Anything that will stave off time.
I gave this as a gift to my son . I do hope he liked it, I'm sure he did.
Good product. Nice for it's price. My only issue we that that scent wasn't very strong.
It's pretty good, but still doesn't capture what the book presents. I think the book brings certain points across much stronger than the movie does.
The movie is fun and much like the 5th Element in its imagination. The copy I purchased stated on its picture that it had a digital copy and I tried for it and have been blocked for no apparent reason. So this is a false promise and if this was important to you, beware.
Functional, great price. However, it would be helpful to visualize the files in thumbnails or small photos. I hope you may improve this feature in the future.
Great glasses. They fogged up a bit but they were great besides that.
Love me some Chris one of his better cd's
Fun, absolutely fun. Bridging realistic flight physics to a simple hand held device is no easy task. But this hits it. The few wants I would like is the Raptor being stealth like against radars and perhaps some sort of nuclear plant needs to be taken out or ballistic missile before launch.
I really liked the Video set
Worked very well this weekend while kayaking. I like that it's not super long, and you can just attach it to one of the bungees on the boat. Only 4 stars because I wish there was more than one carabiner. Had to buy two more separately so all three paddles could have one.
Good but slightly slick. Kindle slides off my kindle pillow. Bought a Mojo case almost identical to this a year ago and it's great.
Love this for camping. The lid will not fully shut when the griddle is in use, but still worth it.
This unit seems to work well for light to medium weight work
This is the second tube we've purchased. Relieves muscle aches very well for my wife; not so much for me. A bit expensive, but for us It works better than many other similar products.
These movies are cute. Not a classic but a cute pass time.
This is a nice looking wine cooler and I really like the dual temperature controls and accent lighting. If you really need its max capacity and want to squeeze in 116 bottles, its very tight. You can't have bigger diameter 750 ml bottles they hang up the shelving above, and putting bottles facing opposite is tough as all the bottles have different lengths and shapes. Realistically, its closer to 100 bottle capacity, or maybe less depending on how you pack it. There is a lower wider height shelf for magnums and champagne that is very nice.
Just started using kinda thick but good
alittle tight for my light but loosen up
Seems to work pretty well, less messy than other lubes
The first one I received was very used and beat up. But I contacted the company and they were very quick to rectify it. They quickly sent a new one that work perfectly. Good sturdy design retracts nicely.
.his game great but I would lower the price of the egg
This is an interesting, stress-free time waster that always has something going on, yet allows you to leave it alone and still make progress... Also, it doesn't demand that you spend any money on it... The game does have ads but they are worth spending time in as the reward for watching them helps you succeed in the game... Overall, I would recommend it. Between the miners, the birds, and the upgrading this game will keep you engaged, especially watching the coin totals roll up quickly...
I like maps, accuracy is a plus
The item was good,m, supposed to be a surprise gift for my brother but it got revealed too soon before Christmas.
The scent was pretty much what I expected which is great! We use it when my wife an I read & it brings some great ambiance. The price is a bit steep for what you get, BUT these are custom scented handmade candles. As far as burn time I couldn't tell you, maybe 5 hours in and we are about 1/4 of the way through it. As far as describing the jar size it's about the size of a medium sizes jar of jelly. It's 8oz.
It comes as respected. I read some comments before I purchased, so I know I need to trimmed them a little bit in order to make fit my stove. It is an additional work, but worth it. The rubber has better quality than I thought as well as how easy to clean them up. I am very pleased with this product so far.
The pen works fine when its not exposed to water. However, the color wears out when contact with water.
Gotta really work at the flint to get a tiny spark but other than that ok.
What I liked, "Single Mode" whenever you pick up a multi mode light it's never in the right mode. On/Off rocks. Like/Don't Like - the zoom... Nice idea but like most "zoom" style flashlights it zooms so far you see the full detail of the LED. What I don't like, Could use some cross-hatch on the end cap. No magnet on the end cap for hands free use. Overall, for the price of three (3) well made flashlights. Quite a bargain.
Follow the sizing guide. The price is fair but I ordered a tad larger to get two seasons use out of it. Even if you buy larger the straps adjust. Worth the purchase.
I really like my drill doctor but you need to keep a good diamond wheel in place. This is a quality wheel and will do lots (hundreds?) of bits before being replaced.
This music has been around for a long time, as most folks reading this review know, and it's super-engaging. The CD history is: original US release in 1987, remastered in 2009, then remastered again by Giles Martin in 2019. This is my least-favorite of The Beatles' albums that Giles has remastered. He did succeed in bringing the vocal harmonies more forward, which I love, and also the guitars especially when George, Sir Paul, and John are all playing. However, I don't think this a bug step-change improvement from the 2009 remaster. Giles' recent remasters of Sgt. Peppers and The White Album had more impact, IMO, especially Sgt. Peppers which is fantastic. BTW, I just bought the original album remaster, not the Deluxe version with all the out-takes and stuff.
I wear this device around my neck everyday it is very handy and so cute! However the battery life is a bit short so I have to keep it at a low setting to not kill the battery right away but it is understandable considering that the brightest setting is like WOW you can see nearly a block down the street. I recommend this light to people that like to go on night walks such as myself as it has prevented many run ins with raccoons and skunks. However I don't believe this is a good hiking flashlight unless you brought extra battery packs or something.. Still, even the lowest setting is good in very dark areas and the convenience of its size makes it an everyday must-have for both men and women.
Put your thinking caps on and prepare to be challenged. I'm having fun in topics unfamiliar to me! Hope you enjoy it, too.
Bought this to put on an air tool it's a little bulky and for sure can't be hit or dropped but it works like a charm and is super accurate for the price you can't do much complaining
The fit is very good o protect welder but sort of thin wander how long it will last.
Adjustable size base. Plastic parts a little ruff where molds did not fit tight when made. I use it to move my gas smoker around on a concrete patio. No instructions.
Big, durable flood light. Comes with a sheet of instructions. We got this for our new shed we just put up. We are currently waiting to get it set up on the shed. I gave it 4 stars due to the stand in the bag being hard to move. Otherwise it came fast, great quality of a light!
I have used it to improve my echo dot sound in it works fine. I like the design and how in seats on top of my drawer, the sound quality is not perfect but good enough considering the price, hey, I didn't purchase a bose! honestly I was happier if the sound volume could be higher but it's sufficient for the room that I'm using this speaker in it. Overall worth the price.
Bought as a gift for my in laws, they love it
Harder than I thought it would be.
works as expected thx
We love this game but Amazon is way behind on updates! Need the newer version for A.I. option to play offline and new skins! Come on Amazon!
This was a Christmas present for my spouse. He loved it.
Nice, But the yellow is very faint...
Pros: lightweight, easy to fold, plenty of compartments, 2 mesh bottle holders outside, good quality Cons: a little small esp at the top
Surprised to see this delivered in such a small package, but pleased to find extra stitching at the seems and plenty of room in the main pack, plus roomy extra side pockets. Very light weight, which is great for a pack. Sturdy fabric, smooth zippers and extra padding along the shoulder straps make this a good pack for a hike.
While the product didn't work for me, the customer service that I received was nothing short of AMAZING. The team is based out of the Asia area, but even through the vast time zone differences, they were very responsive and worked with me through the setup. The watch worked in certain areas, but in my house and along my street, there were so many deadzones that it just didn't serve the purpose that I was hoping it would serve. I'd highly recommend the team behind the company! Try the watch out in your own area and maybe it'll work better for you!
The pen works great. It's light and well made. I keep it tucked into my front jeans pocket and it doesn't feel like it is there. I have a hand held radio that has a recessed on and off switch. Turns out the point of the outside of the pen fits right in and I am able to turn my radio on and off with ease. Note, I did get stopped at security metal detector at a public event. When I had to empty my pockets, the security person knew what the pen was. He questioned me about it and then had me show him that it could write. He let me pass with it.
Fun but gets boring fast.
Perfect for camping and occasional use. Better than some restrooms.
I was nervous about ordering such a big ticket item from Amazon. The reason that I did is I don't have a vehicle large enough to have fit this TV if I had bought it from a Best Buy or store like that. I knew the delivery would be great and had researched the TV that I wanted. The problem is it was just left by FedEx when it should be an item that has been signed for. We were inside and doorbell never rang and no one ever knocked. It was simply left at our front door. With all the package theft that's going on, there should be more reliable delivery. The TV was easy to set up and has met all my expectations.
My son loves this movie and all of the songs. When I download into my car though it shows as "Unknown CD" and tracks are numbered with no names. Not the end of the world, but makes it difficult to find our favorite songs. I also notice the songs are not in the same order as in the movie. Also not the end of the world, and I don't know if this is normal or not for movie soundtracks.
Small enough bits for most eye glasses. I had a hard time finding a set that had this small of a head. It worked well for my use.
The dewalt works great, fast charge, easy to use. A little smaller in size than I thought I was getting but this is for use around the home not at the job site.
Quality, thickness, and size meet all my expectations. I like them.
I was impressed with how well it worked. Wasn't impressed with the Flex-shaft. It got very hot after a few minutes of use. Not sure what is going on inside the end that you hold causing it to be so hot. Since I didn't buy it for the flex-shaft it wasn't much of a loss.
Many parts and hard to figure out at first but works for changing out watch links
For the price can't be beat. Drain plug chain will break if you don't hold it out when unscrewing, learned that the hard way. The lid insulation core had come off of the plastic shell, doesn't affect anything other than giving it a slight blister. Other than that it kept drinks and food cold for 2.5 days before ice was needed and we PACKED it.
I'm not an expert on UV so I hesitate to give it a 5 rating. I have seen enough stuff in test labs to know that is works. It's a lot of fun to use it around the house and find surprises.
Fits great, not always easy to find goggles that fit my head but these do the trick
The rolls need to be a little bigger.
It came in the mail on time and was in perfect working order.
Would have like this item more if it was complete. But not any ones fault there was no Jimmy Carter coin
Great little cup holder for my bike handlebar! Would work great on a stroller handle too. Doesn't hold “giant” cups though, more like water bottle size.
Good rechargeable radios. Clear signal in our neighborhood. They feel a little like toys and not rugged at all but for the price a good buy
I bought this unit to sand exterior walls. It was the wrong product for my needs but it seems well built, feels solid and does what its designed to do. Just note that it is a bit heavy so prolonged use or ceilings are rough albeit much better than hand sanding.
I bought this lantern because, firstly, rechargeable, cord included along with car adapter. 2nd is the LM was bright enough without blinding and served our purposes adequately. Also, love having, not one but 2, removable flashlights connected to the lantern. This is where I have an issue. We've had them fall out a few times, sometimes finding them on the ground the next day, but so far, we've always found them. There is a flip "bar" (for lack of better words) that is attached to the lantern that flips over the top of the flashlight so as to secure it on. It can flip up rather easily even when we take the time to make sure we are inserting the flashlights down and in and then the flip at the top. Great concept, would be so handy but it takes time to monkey with it to make sure that it's all together every time we move around with it. I suppose I could put a rubber band around it. Other than that it is a very decent light. Even with the occasional "fall out" I like this lantern better than one we have that cost near 2x as much.
As described. A little snug in the waist but still fit.
This movie it pretty darn good.
Got these for the kids for Christmas. They function well and the kids enjoy them. Pretty easy to install. Holds charge for what seems like a long time.
Decent safety glasses with readers
Been using this for camp outs with the Scouts. Easy set up, quick break down. The fly is a bit odd with long rope attachments with excess material. Remember to buy a ground cloth.
My nephew seem to like it.. No complaint thus far
Works well with my wide mouth hydro flask, so it doesn't spill while it's closed, but it gets messy when opening, which doesn't happen with the original ring.
What can i say other than you get what you pay for. Either way for the price you either get a new bike that you will have to work on, or you can go get a used bike you will have to work. Keep tools handy, you will need them. Day one first 10 minutes of running shaft seal started to leak. Had to push it back in. So stock up on them. For that i take away one star. Its not a hard part to change. As far as size I am 5'10" 180 LBS. this bike is tall, it is perfect for my size. The bike runs good and starts good.
I have used these covers for covering two bikes on the rear of my motorhome. It is large enough to cover both bikes. They hold up well to the wind. We use a long bungee cord to help keep it secured to the two bikes. The sun and weather does take its toll on the fabric which probably lasts about two years before it starts to weaken and tear. Definitely worth the cost for two years rugged use behind our MH.
Well I loved loved this machine for 2 months then it stopped working so I went to return it but tried it one more time to make sure before I sent it back and it started working again! So at this point it up in the air ! I will update if any problems !
Good fit and feel. Similar to higher end joggers .
love the case just wish it had a screen protector on it
Nice tool. Easy to use. Works well. Would make a good gift. Expensive for what it is. Wouldn't purchase again if I could have held it in my hand and used it before I bought it. Should come with a case for storage and portability.
I bought 2 of these - am satisfied so far - have had about a week or so - time will tell - I think I am going to and will like these.
I like these. They don't last forever, but what does? My only problems are they I don't have enough, and they fog up on occasion. I'll be buying more as soon as I sit on my last two pairs. Should be about three days the way things are going...
Does the job. Doesn't hold up well in seawater however.
yeah, cool. I think. No, they help... I think. Better than nothing.
I am replacing videos that I like.
Good app for younger children.
My grand daughter loves it!
I loved everything about the kneepads except, I cannot lengthen the velcro straps to fit around my calf
Big cooler, sturdy and rolls well. Tall enough for wine bottles or any 2 liter soda pop bottle. Cup holders on top were a plus. I drink cold brew coffee and travel with an ice chest always. This worked great for me. 4 stars only because it didn't keep my ice cold for a long time. 24 hours and you need to drain and add more. All said it was worth every penny. Thanks
This blade has two criteria that I was looking for. 1: It's pocket sized, 2: it's fixed. I was actually surprised at the versatility of this little knife. The edge geometry is designed well, and cuts with ease. It's held up to me carving, hacking limbs, cutting various food items, and otherwise just general pocket knife uses. It's an excellent fire starter, with it's spark throwing 90 degree spine. If you're a backpacker in need of a lightweight blade for food prep and kindling/fire work, it's pretty great. If you want less moving parts than a pocket knife has, it does that. If you want precise control, the ergonomic handle provides it. One critique I have is that the steel is fairly soft. This just means you have to sharpen it more often, but it hones up really well. I would like to try a longer blade, maybe a Mora companion, but this fits in a pocket so well you'll forget it's there. *UPDATE* I've had this thing for months now and the functionality remains. However, I did miss a detail about the grind on this knife. The secondary front bevel on top of the original scandi grind doesn't match on both sides. One is higher than the other. It's relatively cosmetic, but could be an issue if your knife's grind geometry is affected.
Better than generic but they seem to have an aftertaste. Very sad - this is a product, like other childhood foods, i'd rather pay for quality than have them put in additives or substitutes....
Needed to replace the factory derailleur on a cheap store brand bike. This did the trick, but the mounting was tricky because the bike did not have a normal derailleur mount on the frame.
Corner was a little crushed --- not real pleased with that aspect of the purchase.
Everthing is expensive you don't get coins very often and plus it takes a while to go to friend requests but it's ok plz download this game beware... in some servers you may caught your eye someone saying a bad word so leave the server and join back up.but if you join the same server keep on doing what I said...;)
Had it for a couple weeks now, works as expected I like the insulated tube. It's easy to clean and has some good anti leak features. Overall I'm pretty satisfied.
Although I loved this frame it's on glossy paper. That's not necessarily a bad thing until you get to Office Depot or Staples and they say "we can't mount and bond it for you in the machine due to the glossy paper. I had to buy a white board for special projects (sold at Michaels or Staples) and then use double sided tape. Don't use glue because it will bubble. You'll also need an exacto knife and someone with patience and precision.
What a good product. Just stand back when opening or closing just in case you let it slip. Definitely will enjoy this again
slow and easy gets the job done with any breakage or damage. I use one of those things they make for mechanics to hold nuts and bolts, they are heavy and have rubber coated magnets on the bottom so they don't move around. I use my dermal type tool on low and keep whatever I'm drilling under water in the bolt tray with water in it...:)
Smell is very strong
I have pretty oily skin so I was very surprised when I started to get dry, tight skin after using this. I went from 1 full pump on my first time using it, to 1/2 pump and I'm now at 1/4 of a pump just trying to use it up so I can move on to something else. It's not that special, but the packaging is awesome and it smells wonderful!
these are outstanding. but I can no longer find them on Prime,.... just Prime Pantry.
Get these. Don't use the ones that come with the replacement parts.
Bigger then I thought, love it!
For the price it is good, would like to see folding pedals and a quick release for the handle bars, but the price was right.
I am used to an otter box so this is so much thinner and lighter.
Great project for kids younger kids will need help
Only one natural stone (soft Arkansas). Two man made stones for fast honing. You will need a hard Arkansas stone for polishing your edge. Not large enough for typical kitchen knives.
Cute jacket. Get what you pay for.
I like the game but the car should be Easter to get you should just have to pay for it
I've only had it for one day. But I really like the long distance in the light and the brightness. For a small flashlight it has quite a bit of power. What will take some getting use to is having to go through all the different light modes to turn it off. This is my 1st rechargeable flashlight. So I have no idea what the battery life is. But I like the idea of recharging, instead of buying batteries all the time.
Came on time better than running to the store
The pens work well even on black fabric but they use a lot of ink very quickly.
I started using this app and I like that it has no ads to interrupt the movie that I am watching,and I like that very much. But I would like to see more classic movies that I like in horror and sci-fi. But all in all,the app is great.☺
Good addition to the Christmas Wonderland series. Can't wait for #10.
I like the game . I would like for them to add the Shelby cobra the Ford mustang and the camaro.
A little awkward to use
Your life must be, really dull, if you get this excited, about a 12" ruler.
At level 11 the game has yet to annoy me enough to want to stop playing
The depth of this item only covers the bottom and sole of the shoe/boot (not very high up the sides). It takes some practice to master cleaning your shoes while standing on it, and it helped to place it next to a wall in order to steady myself. I placed it next to the front door for guests and very light-duty shoe cleaning.
Like these ear plugs. quiets down my wife's snoring.
It was the right size and is working well.
I like this headlamp. It's bright and it fits pretty well (though it is a little heavy). The build quality is also pretty good. Price is on the high side though (which is why it's 4 stars instead of 5). I hope this product will last long enough to have good ROI.
I liked the fast and efficient service.
I had one of these as a child and got one for my son. He loves it as much as I did. Only issue is that the microphone hook is in a hard to use spot after install. My son has to wrap the cord around handle bars since he can not hook it to the speaker.
Worked well. Suitcase is fully functional again. Does require some effort to remove damaged wheels.
Excellent gameplay, but the story is a bit weak.
It came with a wide variety of attachments and useful tools that meet my requirements. The only thing that needs to be included is a carrying box that would hold all of the tools and accessories for convince when transporting and storing.
It was a little difficult to set up at first, almost seemed like one of the sides of fabric was a little shorter than the other. I know it needs tension, but even holding it up, I could tell the difference. After struggling for a bit, I got it to work. It's really light weight and folds up nicely.
The socks are nicely made and well priced, but they don't work for overweight people, or people with swollen feet/ankles. I originally bought them for myself, but they cut into my calves so deeply, I gave them to my mother, who loves them. Use your weight as a guide before buying.
Great value if you already have 20V system to upgrade your old 18 V tools.
I like this but FISHDOM IS BETTER
Works great great to keep bowls of salads cold when serving
I have to buy this charger when I use it in the United States... It only works under 120V, and may not be usable in other countries. It is bad to have to have more than one charger just due to the fact that it can't work under 220V.
I really loved these besides the fact that they make my feet sweat And I can't wear them for more than an hour before it doesn't matter if they're waterproof, my feet are still wet :/
I love the sound of it, but it skipped on the CD machine I use. The singers are wonderful, though.
This water bottle is excellent at keeping cold beverages cold, but I have had a problem with one of the lids (the lid designed for pouring) leaking. However, the lid with a straw top does not seem to leak. I regularly used the water bottle with the pour lid for several weeks before the leaking became a problem. I have only used the straw-top lid for one day, and so far so good.
like the many pockets. however still bulges because cards and money. can only fit limit number of cards.
They appear to be well built. I love all the choices of size to choose from to fit my shelves. They stack together nice. I wasn't able to find a small quantity of dividers for my size of bin. Only 4 stars because of the high price for a plastic bin.
Fun collection of songs, good quality.
These are plain pitted prunes, on the small side and a little dry, with excellent flavor. You may need more of them than usual to create a laxative effect. But they are easy to eat straight from the package and absolutely fine with oatmeal or yogurt in the morning. I ordered them when my local grocery was out of prunes for some reason and was glad to be able to get these from Amazon.
This is my second base layer from Icebreaker so I know that it is good. However, this was a little loose, I think i should have gotten the small but my previous one was a medium. It is still comfy and will get a lot of wear out of it.
I can't tell exactly what it does but the internet works faster after I use it.
works fine. don't apply too much at a time
Great tires, aggressive look but...my understanding from the "Answered Questions " area of this sale page was that these tires were "10 ply" and after receiving the tires I read "2 ply sidewall"...no too bueno unless Im misunderstanding something???
Too big for regular kitchen faucets.
Nicely made. First one I tried runs true. Didn't try others.
It looks great and works well. You can fit normal-sized ice trays in the small freezer compartment, though it does take a bit longer than expected to make ice. My only complaint is the packaging. It's protected only by thin pieces of Styrofoam which do very little to protect it. Mine was beat up pretty badly. One of the leveling feet is crooked and pushed halfway up into the fridge. I had to use wooden blocks to level it. You can hardly look anywhere on the fridge without finding a dent or a ding. UPS treated it very roughly, apparently.
Fairly good quality for the price
I received this yesterday and it is perfect. It fits my phone just right. I am a little clumsy and have already dropped my phone at work. To my surprise there was no damage!
Works great for tiling showers and anywhere else a 24" is too small and 48" is to big
Very good product. Good quality .works prefect.
saved me from a couple of headaches already because they were here.
Love listening to my books while working in the yard or in the home. Much better than TV. Able to do things and be entertained at the same time.
I'm not a chapstick user. In fact, even though I've had this for maybe a year now, I'm still not finished with the one tube. That said, I do like it. It does not have that tingly menthol feel as much as other chapsticks, which I actually really like.
Good quality. Stretchy, not too tight which us good.
Great tv for the price..so far the picture and sound are nice.This was a good purchase.
For the price. The projector isn't bad at all. It's just that it's not that bright but still worth it. I just started using it and my kids live it
Works fine so far, Did not receive staple remover, a little disappointed in that
not bad for the price...they don't fit into fasteners as tight as the ones of the truck but they're not too far off -- just have to watch out to not strip out older/rusted hardware..but they get the job done if you're careful. ive used them often for about a year at work and haven't broken one yet (but am careful too, i wouldn't use these in a really high torque situation.) overall a good buy.
Great Case and protects the tablet very well. The closures are a bit tight to change from charging to use but I think that will loosen up with more use. Very satisfied with this case and would recommend to anyone looking for a case to protect body and screen as both are included in the one package.
Great series. At a low price.
WORKED GREAT. MOM SAYS IT REALLY HELPS WITH HER ARTHRITIS.
I would buy again,I only used it in my super coffee so far
The bits worked for my small job- probably not the best. The thing that annoyed me was the case. I thought that the case was poorly designed. I think this was noted before by someone else. The 'Owl ' label should be on the other side; the hinge should be on the left side; the raised plastic numbers should be larger and oriented vertically. Being aware of the problem with the case I turned it upside down and opened it from the left and only a few bits were loose. Just for fun open with the label on top and the bits fell out. Beware. The price was right.
It is not only slots machine, but winning clubs,contest, and the best for free chips on the fan page.
I bought these clips to keep track of and hang keys. I've had no problems with these clips as of yet. These replaced the last clip I had that broke. I hope these will last longer!
Works fine. Easy enough to install with some patience, common sense, and reading the directions.
Very compact and fits well in my tank bag on my motorcycle. Works but feels like it isn't going to last long
I really like it I think I am going to buy a 3rd for in my car for kid stuff.
I am enjoying your game.
Harder than I expected but better than I thought it would be.
This is a great looking and solid pen. It has good weight and rigidity. It can easily used as a self defense weapon. I had this pen for a year and traveled at least 20 times (air travel) with it in my backpack, domestic and international. However TSA in knoxville grabbed it recognizing it as a tactical pen.
The graphics are decent and the gameplay is amazing! I would give it four stars!
Incredibly pleased with this projector! I purchased this to use in my bedroom in place of a TV. The setup was easy, the device is lightweight, quiet, and works seamlessly with FireTV. The picture quality is nice, even with some natural light in the room. The speakers work well, but if you're planning to use the projector for an actual home theater, I'd suggest getting additional sources for sound. Overall, highly recommend!
I like that pad and how it makes my skin feel. Not sure about the grape bubble gum scent though.
Milano dark chocolate cookies never disappoint. Consistently good..Packing 2 in a bag with plastic "boat" guarantees no crumbled cookies when you take them on a hike
Good hammers for the cheap set. I would buy again .
I like keeping up on the news
This game is so much fun. You hunt other dinosaurs and do amazing quests.
They are a good quick breakfast item that can be eaten as is or toasted.
The sunglasses seem to be good quality. Time will tell how well it holds up, hence the 4 star rating.
Received a black instead of pink
Fun game to pass the time
Overall these are good tires, but before you go on a long road trip, you may want to take them to a professional and have them balanced. I hauled my boat about 50 miles on the new trailer tires as a test run and it would bounce at about 20 mph like a pogo stick. Had to have them balanced and everything seems ok now. Can't beat the price though!
Campbell's Chicken gravy is very good and will help you make a fast meal if time is short. The only problem is the cans came too me dented all over and I do not think it was from shipping.....
I want to watch it to watch Fifa I'm going to see if battery work
Pretty good little knives! The lids do not stay on well and you have to remove the lids to figure out which one you're looking for but sharp and effective!
Better than most dried foods & I dislike ALL dried foods!
I wish I could get a reply from customer service! I need anew purge valve and I don't know what size to buy for this snorkel. Tried contacting Cressi twice.
Our installer reached out to us to see if he could install a day earlier than scheduled. 6 Stars for that!! Super nice guy even did a little bit of TV setup for us. We had a new TV still in the box so he opened it all up. Would be nice if they disposed of the box and all the Styrofoam too. Only issue is the cord cover that goes down from the TV to the floor popped off our wall about a month after the install. Other than that minor thing, I would do it all over again and would highly recommend this service.
Good movie! Way better than most other gay films.
Comfortable and good quality
This is a very inexpensive lantern, with a fan. The fan is not powerful. To use it effectively as a fan, you need to hang it close to you. The light is adequate. It is very light weight.
If you expect a high-end tool, this will definitely disappoint. If you want a cheap level with an attached tape measure, it's totally fine. The laser element is very low-end, but could be handy for light use. My biggest complaint is that it doesn't have a magnetic base, which would make it handier for a small level.
worked well with deck screws
For the price you really can't go wrong, I use it everyday for 3-5 hours breeding cows and they hold up pretty well. If you rely on it for work I'd say buy a backup or bite the bullet and buy quality somewhere else but overall this is a great light and I'd buy it again. The only downside is that I don't think it really has any kind of over charging protection so keep an eye on it, I've had one fail after having 4 days off and leaving it on the charger bit for $20 I really can't complain.
Good until it got a hole in it. Now I need to find where it's at.
Little bulky fit my taste but works great
It is a good solid case that does a good job of protecting the unit. The only minus is that does not support the unit in the vertical position for those times when horizontal doesn't work.
Product came promptly and packaged well. Seems to be a quality product. Seals appear to be tight and will not allow light to pass through. For my purposes of emergency water storage I really like the bricks. I gave it 4 stars because the handles are shipped inside the water bricks and 1 of the handles was missing. Not a huge deal but, not a complete package either.
Locking mechanism could be improved to quick clamp style like other yellow handled brands, but overall happy with purchase. Quiet and vibration isn't bad.
This set is a dream value for the money. Just wish it would tighten around the bits easier. I have to use pliers to tighten it enough to keep the bits from sliding back in the vise.
The lotion is great, very moisturizing. I do not care for the scent. I didn't want a baby smell, but I sure don't care for this one.
This are good. I think they are a bit on bland side.
Ordered this pair 3 weeks ago (only have one foot in a boot) and I am SUPER THANKFUL for them because they kept me from being out of work for 3 weeks. I'm a server & HAVE TO HAVE a slip resistant shoe or I won't be allowed to work. They ARE slip resistant and permitted me to work my usual shifts. The downside is, I have ALREADY worn both of them all the way through and just had to order another set. Now to be TOTALLY FAIR about it, I'm SURE most people with a fractured foot aren't still working on their feet 6 shifts a week so for most people, I'm sure one set would be fine but if you are using them daily and moving around a lot, be prepared to have to buy a second set. Still worth the money though because without them, I wouldn't have been able to work at all. Oh, & I ordered a large cover for a medium boot and it fits PERFECTLY.
At first I was leery of this flashlight because I couldn't get it to stay on but after someone told me it was operator error I LOVE IT. Extremely bright and love the dimming modes. Love that it's rechargeable. No complaints
Writes well and I look cool using it. Sometimes...
Comfort is important and I like the small cooler in the arm to hold your next few beers/drinks
My knees aren't torn up by crawling around thanks to these.
Takes some finesse to get the clamp setup for the proper thickness, but it works well once dialed in.
The butter taster good and made from cow milk as described on package. Only this is it little overpriced .
Solid construction, a little stiff to manipulate but imagine will loosen with use. Satisfied.
I wish to keep this ring.
I only wish it had a Hint button! Good game for staying alert!
This multi tool is a nice little necessity that you can't beat for the price. The blade doesn't lock in place so be aware of that.
Love to listen to it over breakfast in the morning.
Put mine on motorcycle handlebars and it's working exceptionally well and the iPhone7 plus in a case isn't light or small.
Played great enjoyed the movie and happy with the purchase
they are light (enough), strong (enough)
Works great for my Fire tablet
Taste test passed! From our baby, to little ones, to older ones, to parents. Getting more...
I love the appearance, but cargo style pockets are only for appearance.
I love this blanket allot, my only complains are that it is a little loud when you move on it and that it's very difficult to fold back into the carrying position you have to fold it in thirds for it to work well.
I purchased these for a friend, but he told me they fit well and he enjoys using them. While he has only used them twice, they have met his expectation thus far.
Good app for toddlers
Big difference when driving, even better than my prescription sunglasses. Can't wait until golf season starts to try them out. Easy to attach to my regular glasses.
Folded tires are always a bit trickier to install. But outside of the extra two minutes of installation time, it seems to work well.
I had been watch Marshall football on my phone using Facebook Stadium. It was so much nicer to be able to watch them on my big screen tv using the Stadium app.
Cheaper than the other similar products and comes with a nice case to keep them in. Have not tried on screws that were rusted in but did work on some that were in plastic appliances.
hinges are are easy to replace, little problem with the front latch. some match, some dont.
Fits my compact frame pump well and holds it securely
Very good product, however, for the price you have to expect some low performance features.
Just wish they were curved a bit. The fork is more like a spoon
This was my first ever urination device and I am a fan! However, I do wish it were a little more funnel-like, as it's easy to get a little splash here and there unless you realllly control your flow, which is pretty annoying. Other than that, no complaints!
It does the job well.
I have only used one of the sets and it appears to work well, particularly when drilling bolt heads for safety wire holes.
I love the scent and the way my skin feels after using it. I wish it came in the larger size as it is a bit expensive for me, but I plan on purchasing it again.
great for intricate routing
A little bulkier then they look. And the finish is not quite like their other black crescent products.
Hoping this is the same recipe that my bf used before... the label/logo is different. He says it feels the same but I am always wary.. oh well, as long as he's happy!
I rated a 4 because of the detail in the mold it was what I was looking forward to having, but alas the size was not favorable for what I needed it for. It's best for maybe candy molds but not a cake like I had intended.
I wish the opening was narrower at the top to keep the cord in the holder. Overall these are very good
They all work great made well
Great convenient size. Perfect size for job site or travel. Only negative I guess would be it does not stay warm quite as long as my previous slim-sized Zojirushi thermos.
They came promptly and they do the job.
Good strong construction. Quite wide for carrying around. A little gimmicky but overall very cool and fun.
I don't like the inappropriate music on the hip hop dances (Like they said the word a*s) but thats minor but the major problems are that you pretty much always lose and you can't switch classes if your not happy with the class you chose at the beginning But i do still like the game and will keep playing it just those are some problems
My caveman shop steward broke it. By he breaks every tool in the arsenal. Tekton was quick to send replacement guts and I still use it in the field.
Works out good, easy to put together. The only thing is that the track system for the top draw that locks was missing.
Good movie, not nearly as good as the first. They could have done so much more than they did,
Good value range hood. Installation is not too difficult but is a lot easier if two people do it. Seems to suck air pretty well. The blue-ish led lights are not the best - a softer color would be a lot better. It is a relatively noisy hood, even on the lowest setting. This is probably to be expected given the strong suction power, but it would have been nicer if at least the first setting was a little less loud.
No frills but sturdy and does what its supposed too...
Works great with my Clarisonic. Does a great job without leaving my skin too dry.
I just wish it would save the names.
Fast shipping , good quality , bought two of these , Good product for the money.Like the side light.
Fun connect three game with lots of levels. Not difficult but at level 100 the difficulty increases.
I bought this knife because it was cool looking and something different. I would not say it's practical as the opening and closing of the blade is very different, not fast. If you are not paying attention to what you are doing you could hurt yourself.
Satisfied with the product. No leaks.
A good general purpose hat lamp. Good around the camp site. Very light, weight wise. The light is good, and it gives you a wide, or more focused beam. Lighting 'distance' isn't very good though. For your immediate area it works nicely.
I can check my email and also get the nation's news all at once
Used this for transitioning my place to be more of a smart home. So far so good. Speaker isn't cut out to be a Bluetooth speaker but the software of Alexa is definitely helpful for everyday tasks.
This is a user-friendly mp3 and 4 player. It seems to be durable and has good sound. S far the battery life is great and doesn't freeze up. The price is what I love and why I got it. I wasn't expecting much so was pleasantly surprised. I recommend this mp3 player, especially oon a tight budget.
Great selection of options for carabiners and keychains. I used them to organize my keys and carry a bunch of groceries at once. I'm lazy and hate making extra trips. They are well made for basic carabiners
Decent tool and good price. Not the highest quality, but a great price for what you get.
There was a hole in it when i took it out the box but was able to fix with patch kit that came with it
Finally, Em has come back with a good album following his last one that wasn't quite as good. He slams everyone in this beast of an album, and does it with the style that made us fall in love with him from the beginning: zero cares, and lots of fun.
First taste did not like but then i tried some more and really liked the spice of these enough to be addicting but not too spicy !
Bits seem to drill well. I drilled 36 holes the first day I got them and the bit still appears sharp. The case these come in is highly flammable. It got caught on fire the second day I had it. I would think they would package them in something that won't catch on fire from grinding sparks
Never saw it was a gift
Fits decent. Like the material. Very comfortable!
good for the drawer not for the tool bag
Product good as expected. lid hinge broke on first use.
When u get to a certain point in any of these games it's buy....buy...but. To keep up. That would be a NOPE for me.... It's a fun game but I will not pay to play. That never ends...Thank you . I will uninstall it now
Had Both Sizes L/M. Both Very Nice. The Large is Really Huge and will fill up the Triangle Space of a Ridged Bike Frame !! Therefore the Medium Size is My Preference ... The Velcro Straps Really need to be a Bit Longer though. With an Overlap of maybe 1" on the straps (depending on the frame tubing size) it feels "insufficient" for securing to the Frame .. The Large bag could also use an Extra strap on the Bottom to prevent Bag from "Swaying" !!
Is a very interesting game to play. I don't think it's really challenging, but if you try to use common, everyday words,that is what the puzzle is looking for. It's fun. Melanie Hyland
So far great product. First time buying, friends have used the flea collar and very satisfied
Haven't been playing long but so far it is a good game.
For what this cost, it's a great solution. Very sturdy and trust worthy. Installation isn't particularly hard, it's just tedious and the instructions could be a bit more clear (better bolt labels/diagrams). Install took my wife and I about 3 hours. Maybe half of that was just making sure measurements were all good. My complaints with the hardware is that some of the bolts rely on the square holes in the brackets to rain then while you tighten down the nut. This seems like a cheap oversight. Including similar hex head bolts would have sped this installation up greatly. The steel isn't very thick, but I would certainly trust it with up to 600lbs as rated. All in all, I'm very happy to have that much more usable storage space in my garage. It really helps keep the garage and closets more usable for their purpose rather than storage. If I need more space in the future, I would certainly buy another one of these for the other half of my garage. The minor hardware and instruction complaints certainly aren't enough to justify spending a considerable amount more for similar products from other brands.
Havent used them a whole lot yet. But when i need them they have gotten the job done for me. No complaints yet.
I filed taxes and it worked quickly. I have used this every year for a decade and it always works.
Great product, good price and right on time.
Keeps the mind in working order.
Its really fun and you get to choose different outfits and princesses such as a superhero princess and unicorn princess. Also mermaid and fairy princesses are available to design. The makeup design is also great fun.
Sharp blade and reasonable price.
Fun to play. Not too easy, but not too hard. Very addictive
Easy to pick up. Great game!
Good quality and are very similar feel as the original. They do not last nearly as long
I just got into You tube, no matter what subject you want to know about just type it in. I have yet to find nothing, someone will have covered it. I especially like the true crime/horror stuff myself.
One of the first stalker movies and it was interesting to see again what started them all. A little dated. Sex scene wasnt really necessary to get the point.
Just what Lloyd wanted
I used it for my shop vac. Good price and good fit
Enjoyable and it gets better as you go. Great game!!
Battery didn't last long, inadvertently activates in pocket
Good product, works well and accomplished a lot. Solid manufacturing and the light is a great zipper pull
I like the way they fit but why is the tag so long?
Antman was delivered on time. Very pleased with the product.
they help my fatigued legs
The stripper does not work real well.
Wow, I was amazed at how small and light this turned out to be when I opened the package, but it seems to work just fine. Very nice quality _thin_ leather, well-stitched and well engineered. The sheath is so trim that the leather really needs to stretch to accommodate even a relatively small knife (a two-blade trapper in this instance) and it takes a week or so with the knife in the sheath before the knife becomes easier to draw from the sheath. (I had worried the knife would slide out when I ordered this product: I had no need to worry - this thing holds knives _tight_.) In fact, I used Ballistol to oil the (bone) scales of the knife to help the grabby split suede interior of the sheath let go of the knife when I draw it; before doing this, it was almost impossible to draw by pinching and pulling out the knife when I was wearing it behind my hip on my belt. (Despite how I have the knife situated in the attached photos, I am carrying it with the spines of the blades facing the stitched edge of the sheath - this allows enough "grab" to hold the knife solidly in place but not so much that it's impossible to draw.) Due to the fine quality of the leather involved, I'm not sure how durable/sturdy this is going to prove to be, but the method of carry pretty much keeps it out of harm's way. Anyhow, it's a really handy product and the price is a steal for the quality of build and materials. The only reason I'm giving it four instead of five stars is that the carry system does take a little getting used to, which really isn't the fault of the product - maybe it actually rates a five. Anyhow, it's definitely worth your time and this small amount of money to buy - I may wind up getting a couple more for other knives.
I love it. It works perfectly for me to put my foot on when I shave my legs. The only drawback back is that it was very expensive for such a small bar.
Brightness is what I liked most. Plastic housing does not appear to be very strong.
The product adds volume for my fine hair but also takes the natural shine away which I don't like 😟
Easy set up. Worked well. May want to buy a few bungees to keep wheels from moving and additional securing.
I ordered this puffer jacket in red. It is very pretty, very puffy, and very warm. Unfortunately, it was too large for me.
I had issues with my bottle at first, but they offered me a replacement fairly quickly. Their customer service alone is worth five stars.
Holds my weight very well. I have a 60 inch chest so my arms fall off. It's not wide enough for me but it is very well made
Great for working in tight spaces where the head is in the way.
Lots of options. High quality image.
Awesome bag. Shoulder straps are very comfortable. Material is very durable. Only thing I wish is that it had side compartments on each end like the eagle creek bag of the same size.
very good for the price. let go of the chain and the load drops. never saw that before. maybe it will go away. very good bargain
Very good lots of cutting options
I wish I could review these better but someone decided to help themselves to permanently borrowing mine :( Karma is real, please don't take things that don't belong to you. I went four stars because from what I remember they were nice.
I bought this for my wife's birthday. She is very pleased with them! Only two complaints were that 4 of them were dried out, and she wishes there was a color name on the marker. She said they are incredibly smooth to color with, and the dual end is great for working on adult coloring books.
A good movie if you're from the NY/NJ area and remember the old school mobs guys.
These are great, especially if you want to take your paints on the go. Thanks for including 3 brushes.
Fits my grandson perfect.
Comfortable, run a little small
Cover for dvd was ripped, only complaint!
Not as bright as I had expected. But the product fits my needs. Small so fits In car glove compartment plus One in my bedroom night stand.
I love Grace and Frankie, Season 2 was good for a laugh.
Like Ant Mans first outing? You'll dig this one too. Paul Rudd is funny and likeable like always. Fun characters and interesting plot move the second installment into territory that quite nicely sets up a third, and I can't wait!
Grew up on skates! In my 50's now and thought it would be cool to get a pair. They were totally affordable and cute- pretty comfortable, little stiff on top- think it will soften over time
The product was fine, but two unsolicited e-mails asking for a product review and reassuring me that their shipping problems of the past (which I didn't experience) are no longer an issue? Dude, relax, and understand that my e-mail Inbox is not the place for you to reassure me that you run a solid storefront.
I'm surprisingly pleased by these lights. They were somewhat tedious to attach, and I had to use additional zip ties to keep them in place on the spokes where I wanted, but they are nice and bright, and not too heavy. Be gentle when attaching them, as I bent the wire too much and broke it. Luckily I was able to solder it back together, but most people probably would be SOL. I wish I didn't have to cycle through the blinking function each time - like when I turn it on, I wish it would just be solid first - but that's pretty minor. I haven't had them in any rain yet, and I haven't used them too long since it's summer and it's light late, so I'm not sure how long the battery will last. I like how it's a USB rechargeable though. The white is a bright, white-bluish color, the red probably not as bright.
Least fav movie of the set, but still better than most movies.
These do indeed appear to reduce the vibration noise generated by our large freezer-on-the-bottom fridge. But here's the thing to be aware of... The thought that you can put the pads under the rear rollers and slide back into position (as per the instructions) is a farce. Between the weight of the fridge, and the rubber of the pads, they simply do not slide on the floor. At all. They sit put and the rollers simply roll right over the small top lip of the pad. I even tried to oil the floor, hoping they would glide on a slick surface. No, Ended up having to place the fridge in place, and with the aid of a helper, tilt it forward and push the rear pads into place with a stick while looking under the fridge with a flashlight. Then (much easier), tilting the fridge backwards and placing the front pads in place. Bottom line is this... they do seem to work well, but installing them was a pain in the neck. Almost too much so.
Looks odd but it works, unless you have anything larger than a medium sized saddlebag. In that case, the saddlebag does block the view.
Good light hearted and dark comedy/ satire about a female vigilante... little Red Riding Hood with a gun . On the other hand, Atomic Blonde is 5 stars and has it all.
I loved the themed toys and my dog was excited
It took a while to figure out the installation, but it is now making ice as expected. The instruction book is terrible, very difficult to understand. Reads like a poor translation.
I like the vest very much, especially the extra pockets.
Easy to install this item and you can position your board anyway you like.
This product feels nice on the skin, sets in well. Lasts quite awhile but not all day or all night. It is a good moisturizer and would be great for someone with moderately dry skin loos for a good value.
Purchased this to finish the install of CAT5E network in my home. The first network tester worked once, then failed when just checking commercial cables. Was sent a replacement and started using that network tester to identify cable runs. Quality components at that price point.
It's a game I happen to like
Like how well the unit operates. The unit is extremely quiet and efficient. Like the design and features of the unit also, the unit is extremely quiet while running. One piece of advice, after watching the professionals install the unit, I Would not suggest trying to install it yourself. The copper line and hoses are very difficult to work with to get through your wall and down the outside of the building without creating leaks in the lines. The wire connectors are not as easy to connect as in the more expensive units. I payed for the Amazon install and would highly recommend it. The installer did a fabulous job and was very familiar with the units to know what to expect for an efficient install.
These are fine for the price, but you get what you pay for. Not enough padding, not the most breathable.
It is good but the packing it came in I could not open it so far, no direction for how to bring out from plastic shell.
It fit my old Craftsman saw pretty well. Although it was a tiny bit too thick, the width and length were perfect and fit snugly! I hit the bottom edges with the sander until it fit flush and now it's great! I'll likely buy another one for another blade.
This is a really good album, but not my favorite from her.
I've not had a chance to use them yet, but they seem like they will work.
I purchased these ear plugs for an outdoor event and they are wonderful. I have to order another pair. They are comfortable and sometimes I forget that they are i my ear.
Good product for the money.
Bought it for my 4 year old granddaughters hydroflask she brings to school. She loves it, makes her bottle easier to carry and is durable. Only complaint is clip broke in first week.
Good game but must have great eyes for this.
Pros: Cheap x2, breathable, comfortable Con: I feel like you can see my dingus ‘cause they're so lightweight. Currently unsure if/how this will affect my/other people's workouts.
Color: The "yellow" backpack pictures look almost olive green in all the pictures. It's not. It's full on yellow. So don't believe your eyes, believe the descriptive text. Backpack is a little heavy, 2 lbs. 14 oz. with everything (that includes the supplied rain cover and a 3 oz. removable stiffener in a slot in the back). Main straps are thick enough padding wise, but they are stiff. It does have a laptop sleeve in the main compartment but there is no hanger for a hydration bladder. There is also no hole to put a drink tube through. There is a reinforced circle that you could put a drink tube through, but the pack nylon is not yet cut. You'd have to do it yourself. Overall, it's a good pack, with good features, it just didn't fit what I needed. Returning it.
One of the pijamas was stained all over. Can't take it off
I ended up ordering the small one and its just that, SMALL. But it serves it purpose well. I use it to make my son a small drink for his after wrestling practice times. IT seals up very nicely and wont leak throughout the day at all. The easy open lid makes for easy drinking as well. The bottle is pretty insulated, so it holds the cold water cold for long periods of time.
Because NBC is so inept at showing the 2018 winter olympic games. I obtained this app specifically to watch them and it's worked just fine, other than watching these magnificent games on my tablet is not the same as seeing these on a large screen, which is not the fault of the application. The reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because the live streaming tends to jerk a bit. I don't believe it's using available memory as efficiently as it could. Also I would prefer it to run on the external memory card other than internal memory, but few apps do.
It's a good game. Would be way better if it wasn't as many ads
Album brand new still in plastic. Only complaint is seller didn't track the item. I has arrived at the latest date.
I like room temperature water, but when I do need cold water, it works extremely well. The ice may melt, but the water is super cold. I mainly bought this to keep track of my water intake for the day. I hope future models include some sort of indicator or markings inside so I know where I'm at. I also hope they consider a strap on the side because this this is MASSIVE! I need two hands just to drink out of it. It's not a one-handed quick sip thing. I still love it though.
This dvd works great. It gets the job done BUT, I have discovered that the remote will also control my vizio sound bar and vice versa. It gets pretty annoying when I try to adjust the volume while using the dvd player and the sound bar remote turns it off, or pauses it or, ejects the disc. It's anyones guess as to what buttons work for which feature. Also, using the dvd remote to pause a movie will change the input on my sound bar so then I have to go back through the connections to get sound again, meanwhile, the dvd powers off. It's all very frustrating and somewhat like the plot of a prank.
given as a gift. well received
I read the other reviews saying to order a size up so I did, and this dress absolutely swam on me. I could have gone down two sizes probably. Had to return sadly! Seemed to be good quality though.
Ya it's good but were is the vet? Do i need to download it? The animals are sitting ducks!😕 but good gob!
This cushion is the perfect size to fit my Yeti cooler. My only issue was the snaps located on the flap that goes on the back side are a bit too close to the hinges, and I ran into one of my hinge pins when drilling to mount the mating snaps.
I recommend this movie for your collection ....
Used it for our camper bedroom... sound seems to be fine for our application
Don't expect a comedy, you will de disappointed. What you will get is a very good drama with some "light touches".
No one wants to ride behind me because they think my light is too bright. I have a smaller light I can use when riding with people and then use this one when I am alone. I wish the clip was more robust, it has been months of use and has not broken but it is not confidence inspiring.
My only gripe is with the dust catcher. The filter liner has already unglued on the inside, so it's useless. Otherwise, works great!
It was a little late getting to me. And I was hoping it was bigger. But still works great
Nice looking tires, fit fine. I have only used them one time since installation
Awesome product only complaint if I had one would be the suspenders pockets could be lower down on the chest it would be nice if you could buy the pouches individually for when they do get damaged
I bought this for my siblings and they love it, protects them fully.
DO NOT BE FOOLED BY COMPETITORS! 1. This is one of the only beach tents that completely encloses. Whats the point of buying a beach tent that doesn't completely enclose? It's only an extra flap of material. 2. If you're having any resistance popping it open, you're doing it wrong. 3. BUT..........the connectors do break too easily. Ive had many of these and am an experienced customer, so it's not operator error. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars
definitely not spring assisted and a little hard to open but it came very pretty and very sharp so i like it
Exactly as the description. Descent quality for the cost.
Just as expected. It would get 5 stars but there is a squeaky noise in the extension where your legs go. It probably just needs greased with something but we haven't investigated it yet.
Bought it for my almost 12 yr old daughter. She out grew her old scooter. She loves it. She said it was a smoother ride than her old scooter. Con: she wishes the brake worked as good as her old scooter.
It was easy to assemble; the handlebars were the only tricky part. It is light and sturdy which we love. The colors are bright and lovely! The seat cushion cover seems a bit cheap, but the structure of the seat is great. I would buy this product again.
Bought for spouse's jeep. She loves it.
Granddaughter loves it! Great colors!
I recently read another review with the same issue and I can tell you it is still happening. The product is great...although expensive for some plastic I think. Regardless, having something protecting my Cressi Panoramic Wide View Mask is priceless. I purchased one for my brother and loved the fit so purchased another one for me. When I received the second one, I got the smaller size box with the same label. I've attached some pictures so you can see how the mask fits in each of them. My mask does fit in the smaller one but its bending the mask rubber and I don't want that to be distorted down the line. I returned the smaller box and will be repurchasing so hopefully I get the bigger one. I wish this still wasn't an issue because its a waste of time for all of us. Hopefully you find this helpful!
I was really excited to see a higher quality spray sunscreen on the market that didn't have a nauseatingly sweet smell. So of course, I stocked up on some of this stuff to take with on a family vacation. The sun protection is great and it seemed to stay on well - even through hot, humid Florida days. The spray functionality makes this easy to apply and we didn't worry about swimming in the oceans with this as it lacks some of the harmful chemicals other sunscreens have. Unfortunately, our daughter developed hives all over her body after using this. While the rest of the family will continue using this, I'm disappointed that it's not as "sensitive" as I had hoped.
I use it for swimming laps with books on tape. If you can get the ear buds positioned perfectly....it is a DREAM and the laps melts away. It does take some effort to find that place. To the sellers; I wonder if you raised the volume, it might overcome the sealing issues. This being said, the ear buds works better than my daughters i-pod buds in the water.
This item was replacing a 40 year old skil brand jig saw. The nicest thing about it is the plastic housing which really lightened the saw and the ability to hook a vacuum to the back to catch sawdust. Another big improvement is that it's a tool-less replacement for blades. Easy to get them in and out without having to search for the tool.
dressed up like mal for halloween all that stuff
Five stars for the music -Three stars for sound quality---- The bass is hardly audible in the mix.
I love it its amazing if you haven't played before and if you have its still amazing. The battery life while playing is very short.
Met needs to replace cracked charger connection. Worked fine
I love the way this product makes my hair shine and adds softness to my hair. It also has a very pleasant smell However this product did not really control my frizzing hair. I have healthy, curly, fine hair. This is the second best product I have found to control my frizzy hair in humid conditions (a fact of life where I live) without leaving my hair stiff or crunchy after trying dozens. I do not like the gels that leave my hair stiff and crunchy to the touch, so I use an extra to tone down my dry hair during the day.
Longer words would make it better. I get bored after 15 minutes as the same words pop up frequently.
I love this game. Wish it had a way to get hints without having to buy diamonds.
The charger was too short and finicky. And the cord for the control module was too short. I will say that the horn is very loud and gets the attention of everyone you pass. Installation instructions are easy to follow.
Adorable. I have a very petite foot so it hangs a little lower than I like but it's very cute
This has been a life savior for me. The only complaints I have is the USB cord is way to short and it would have been nice for the bottom to be weighted. Once I put my iron in the holder it is very easily knocked over.
Picture and sound quality is OK but not that of high end TVs. Overall a very good TV at a great price.
These tires, while a bit hard to put on at first are simply wonderful. They are exactly what I was looking for, so my opinion might be a little bias. A must by.
Really handy for camping. I wound up wearing it around my neck setting up the tent which worked great... Didn't need to try to struggle with holding a flashlight while I set up. Used this instead of my flashlight the last two camping trips.
Work great. Came on time. Easy to use.
Nice TV for the price
I have really enjoyed these markers. The pigment in each marker is beautiful. My only wish is that the larger end were shorter so that tip was mor controllable.
easy to assemble - rides pretty sturdy. Te basket and handle bar/pedals seem really cheap but overall we are happy with bike
I like that the diamond sharpener is compact, and it has a cover with a clip to keep attached to your pocket; great for chefs, skaters and fisherman. It was very easy to use, and I use scissors often, and I used it to sharpen them. I am pleased with the sharpness of my blades now. The only thing I disliked is that I found it to be a bit wobbly as it pertains to the black piece in the middle.
Most of these taste great . There is one flavor that was ok , not great . I think there is 3 flavors . Easy to chew .
Really liked this. I had a different outdoor kitchen and it was about the same weight and size but far less utility. This has a good amount of storage and is solid when set up. The price was great too. I wish it was a little easier to access the lower shelf.
Great bottle to pair with a Stanley adventure cook set and gsi cup
I really like the fact that there is an on/off switch. I wish the applicator would fit into a regular soldering iron holder stand rather than just the little wire stand. Other than that, everything was great.
nice and sturdy easy to put together
This is an amazing app but when you lift the brushes sometimes the get stuck in the air I would like that to be changed
Solid workhorse of a chess app. I've tried several over the years but keep coming back to this one.
Very nice well built lantern. Not sure if it should have the little blinking red light but mine does not or it does not work. The problem is the cost. I found and ordered the exact same light for 19 dollars. No difference except for the name and color. Side by side they have the same intensity and the blinking red light works. A beacon so that it can be found in the dark.
Nice gym bag...the thing that drew me to it was the wet pocket compartment. However be careful with the zipper it can come off easily
Handlebar is a little flimsy, but functions well.
Great little square/marking tool. I wish it was just a 1/2" loner. I find I would use it more often if it fell in the 3.5" range instead of stopping at 3". Still a handy tool though.
I like how it helps stand-up. I don't like how to put them on. They don't really help with the knee problem i have. I've only worn them once and look forward to wearing them under and on top of my pants. It's just a little hot now.
The TV was used in the bedroom for one adult. It was difficult to do the testing of the TV that Square Trade needed to complete the claim, being alone and not being able to move the TV. Otherwise service was fine. The claim was satisfactorily completed and I would buy a contract again.
Awesome picture quality.
Loved the product, but thought it was pricey.
For lite weight and medium weight tools these are great, especially because you are buying in bulk. For the heavier stuff (extension cords, Saws, Air tools) get less hooks, but thicker would be better. Overall a great buy.
With two kids two and under, I like the way I can fit in at least one 10 minute workout and sometimes more when kiddos will cooperate. These fit in a decent workout for 10 minutes and I like that I can use the mix and match option to maximize when I am able. This has been a life saver and allowed me to fit in workouts some days when I could not have otherwise, keeping my motivation intact.
Sizing is off, nice in appearance and quality but had to go back.
I've been using this projector for only a week or so but so far i am really enjoying it. The brightness and color are so much better than the cheap RCA one I got at walmart. I can actually see the image with light coming in the room. Could it be better? Of course but for 142 on prime day I couldnt ask for more. Also the sound from it is really good. My only true complaint is the HDMI cord it came with is junk. I mean that literally. Had to throw it away. Had a bad short in it.
It works! It's really quite loud. It does require a very small screwdriver to attach the power leads, but it's pretty easy to set up. If you're using it with Smartthings, it will show up as a switch instead of a siren. If you log in to the Smartthings developer portal you can change it to a siren and then you can use it as such in the smart apps.
No bit identification provided. Unless one knows the ID from bit shapes, you have to test each bit or try to compare bit shapes on line to find out type of shape each bit makes. Would be helpful to have a photo of the bit next to drawing or sketch depicting the shape it produces.
The product is as expected.
Works well as a pocket sized lantern
I love this compass, it is very similar to the one I used as a child in boy scouts, and as a man in the military. Does a great job plotting points on a map as well as orientation. Love it's design and very durable. I keep one in my day pack when hiking and use it often to navigate new trails. Currently passing down my land navigation knowledge to my daughter, and will be purchasing her a compass of her own very soon.
Would be even better if you could download for offline viewing, like netflix.
Well crafted, I especially liked the detail in the birds head at the end of the hilt
We purchased this bike as a gift for our grandson's 5th birthday. It's just the right size and is very durable. The only issue we had was the fact that one of the valve stems was not functional and needed to be replaced. Otherwise, it went together easily with just minimal tools. Now to teach the boy some traffic safety and rules of the road. Thank goodness for helmets and safety gear.
Low cal, but the flavor is week.
Bought these to cut fabric to make bandanas for the dogs I groom. Cuts real nice, only down downside is... I have small hands so the scissors are quite big for me.
So far so good. Enjoying this. It's good for the brain.
I liked that after the character grew goat like horns on his head, everyone around him started confessing and acting on their darkest desires.
With the grab handle, the bowl is really helpful when microwaving
Nice lights but the bungee fasteners snapped easily. I almost returned these lights because the bungee rubber broke while trying to install. Glad I didnt. These lights are very visible in the dark. Gopd safety products.
This item preformed as expected.
Minimal design and easy to take off and on.
Finally, the (almost) perfect bottle! I use this mainly to brew loose leaf tea, so the strainer is great for that. I also like having the wide and narrow opening, making it easy to drink without spilling but also easy to clean. It will definitely keep your hot beverages hot and cold beverages cold for many hours. The strap seems to be holding up well so far. My only suggestion for improvement is to make the lid more grippy. The stainless steel can be pretty slippery, making it hard to open sometimes.
One of this saws painting was damaged. Other i will see how it will work
The bikes are just great .I purchased one bike and my wife and I fell in love with it ,and so we purchased a second one for touring the parks .and now when we go to the coast we plan to bring them to ride on the beach.and in town tours .
Good movie. In past I was not a fan of Tom Cruise but his more recent movies, like this one, have been entertaining to me.
I like that it is Lactose free and tastes pretty good, but just not as good as local milk
Not that it was really difficult but it was a little confusing to me how everything went together. Your experience may be different. Once they were attached they did take a bit for them to be discovered by my wahoo element but once they were linked they reliably showed up pretty quickly once I started my ride. Another sensor I had would not be linked until a good while into a ride sometimes never. My 4 star rating is because the speed sensor mount does cause me some concern. I guess they went for easy to take on and off, but it looks like the way it is attached is too easy to come off. That remains to be seen but I will say that the sensor seems to record speed reliably even though it is not on my hub very tightly. I used the two sided tape to mount the sensor on my crank arm but think that was a mistake because when the time comes to change the battery and I have no idea how long that will be, I think it will not be simple because of using the tape. My mistake. But the biggest thing to me is that they work pretty much right from the start as opposed to my previous sensors where I did not have that same experience.
I ordered a 6 to 9 months size so that the baby could grow into the outfit. It fit like a 3 to 6 month size. New born could wear the clothes now. I hoped that she could have gotten more wear out of it before she out grew it.
Good water filter for quick and easy use
Not bad little brakes! Seem very solid, the hand levers are pretty nice, plenty of adjustment, the cables are good too. For the price, which seemed pretty high at first, I can say, the quality is fair (Anybody who shops much on Amazon knows that you often get disappointing sight-unseen junk) The pads are, as many have pointed out, junk, but the bike is so small that I can't imagine she'll need much stopping power, plus it's got the coaster brakes too.
Good knife . Bought in case I ever need to be a first responder. Don't plan to use the knife for self defense as I am a legal CCW holder and have my pistol for protecting my life. The only issue is the belt clip on the knife is fragile I got it caught on the corner of a table and it won't bend back into place now.
This arrived broken in a million pieces which is annoying. I did know the trick to fix this though- which is to add rubbing alcohol, mix it together so it becomes a paste, then pack it back in its original container & smooth out the surface, let it dry for a day or so. Works like a charm.
Good amount of pockets. Shoulder straps make it comfortable. A little to stiff.
I bought these earmuffs for my wife. Her favorite color is pink. She wanted them because our neighbors that live behind us play their music so loud she can't get any sleep at night and it is starting to take a toll on her health. She said they work well but not completely noise cancelling. The noise is muffled though. She said they are a little hard to sleep in a little tight and after wearing for a couple of hours they do cause a bit of a headache. It's is understandable. I'm sure the purpose of these headphones are not for sleeping in or keeping on for hours. They do help her relax and if that's what it takes then then that's great.
Inflates very quickly but takes FOREVER to deflate. It is.comfortable.
I'm wondering if these are an older model as they use a mini-usb charger as opposed to the now ubiquitous micro-usb that powers most cell phones, bluetooth speakers, and other devices. That's the only thing keeping these from being a 5-start product. Lots of flashing modes on both lights, combined with great battery life out of the box (if these are older, we'll have to see how those hold up) make this a winner. The headlight mount is a little bulky and can be tough to route under cables and other items in a crowded cockpit, but still a great value for the money at the price I paid on sale.
The tent is huge and roomy, setting up was not difficult with 2 people took about 15minutes. The bedroom fit the air mattress we have with room to spare. The windows do not have a screen to let air flow through, just the front door has the screen. Overall I really liked the tent many people were asking about it and the price was just right. I will be using it this Fall when it gets colder and will post on how it does.
As a 2nd TV n my new RV.
Came fast 2 days just got it 10mins ago and I just got done building it
I really love these undies! Perfect fabric and fit as expected. My only concern is the elastic quality... I wish there was a little bit more elastic.
The portable DVD player's screen was slightly damaged, just a small mark at the top of the screen, but I have already contacted the seller. This DVD player works really well and is definitely worth the price. Videos do have to be in specific formats to play from an SD or USB... If it's not in a supported video file format, you will only hear the sound of the video. I am afraid the mark on the screen could get worse, so the seller is already sending a replacement.
Holds phones good but it slips from time to time. Mostly when you are on really rugged or totally messed up roads. I had an incident where it slipped off when it rained hard but I was in hurry and couldn't tell if it was my fault or the fault of the product. So I make extra sure that whenever I use it I have it secured before going out and about and didn't really have problems it's been great since then the only other time is when I have to make adjustments to the mount so it's suspect at first but I would make minor tweaks and I am good to go, but other than that no complaints
Great watch, bought as a gift for nephew. Loves to be out doors and hiking. Great survival gear, just incase. Material is sturdy, watch isnt cheap.
The one thing the seat shines at is significantly reducing the jolts to your butt from lumpy broken pavement. After 2 rides totaling 45 minutes, I can say that the seat is not the "most comfortable bicycle seat". But it is more comfortable than the stock seat that came with my bike. I did have to tilt the seat up slightly. I was sliding off the well-padded rear of the seat.
Matching game with mystery story to solve. Great illustrations, just finding it hard to get the coins needed.
Order a size up on this but very soft. I like it overall.
I really really want the Biolage Matrix Smoothing Crème in the green tube but can't find it anymore :( However, this combined with a few other products works just as well maybe even better
Good pouch. Must have the should harness with it. Only downside is the velcrow....the velcrow doesn't work well when you he's are full. Only other downside is that daily you will have to tighten the shoulder straps for it to fit comfortably. Overall best set up I've ever had
Great little reel for the money, I don't know of better bang for buck anywhere. Silky smooth gearing and drag. Only negatives would be that it's heavy for its size, but it's still small and light so it's no issue and you can see where they saved money with the machining of parts but none of that effects the function or outwards appearance of the reel. Would buy another one in a heartbeat!
I've used Outlook on my Laptop for years, now have on my Fire Tablet
While this product does what it says it will do, the way it connects to the car is not the sturdiest. The handle moves around and that makes the user a little insecure.
Four star review because of the size. It seems to be made larger in the images. It is roughly the size of a half dollar, but it is very bright
plastic housing seems a bit flimsy but it works as intended so cant really complain too much since it does its intended job with ease and i did not pay too much for it
A part of the skate guard was broken off but the overall skates were fine. Easy and fun to skate with.
Absolute unit this flashlight is. My only complaint is that main times the flashlight turned itself on in my backpack, because the button is extremely easy to accidentally press. Also, when it's used to the point that the battery is about to die, the flashlight gets REALLY hot. I don't mind it, but for some, this may be problem. Also, the strap is useless. Throw it away, or leave it in the box. It will fail you, and you'll drop the flashlight.
Great idea! Use it in our pop-up changing room on the beach. Keep in mind that in the US that you have to remove the tube in the center to work.
This flashlight is awesome. It takes a bit to find the settings but all in all the flashlight and lantern work great. I needed something to walk my dog at night. People drive like idiots at night, now my flashlight warns them to slow down.
My little one was having some trouble with regularity, especially when she would get anxious. We tried a few different brands of probiotics, and a few different delivery methods. Gummies worked best for getting her to actually take them (she started at 3, is now 4 years old), and is excited and reminds me on mornings I'm moving a little slower. 4 stars instead of 5 because she can get into the packaging herself, it's not very childproof.
Overall I have this 4 stars. I was super excited to get my echo off my kitchen counter. The "soft" gasket is not soft, it took several tries to get it out. After pulling and wiggling I was able to remove it to change the direction. The first time I tried to the gasket back in it buckled. You will need to push it all the way in so the gasket does not buckle. Overall I like the product and I am glad,I made ghe purchase.
I used this for personal enjoyment.
Works with my Festool vacuum. Cuts down on the need to empty the cloth bag. I use a cloth bag, but if you use paper bags you really need this to save big bucks on the over-priced Festool bags. It is a little obnoxious to use, sitting on top of the vacuum, but - so far - I've had no real problems.
Cleans well. You have to wash your jacket at least twice to see an effective water repellant.
Good compass for the price. I use it for my edc. The illumination is my reason for buying this particular one.
The design is great, just like the pic, a little smaller than I expected but that's in no way the sellers fault.
I have the mismatched earrings in opposite ears. I wish the bar had a slight curve to it, so it nicely formed around the curve of my ear (I bought for my cartilage piercings, and it sticks out over my ear no matter whether I place it at the top of or at the middle of my ear).
Bought this to replace my older Mountainsmith bag that was stolen. This one is nice size, with several compartments to store your things in. Seems to be durable and well made.
I used this to cut copper water lines and it works nicely with that type material. I see where people had issues with it cutting PVC and leaving a ridge. This one is more for copper and metal. Works well and is versatile in the sizes it can cut
It's not the highest quality hammock but it get's the job done. I like it because it's light and easy to travel with. It is easy to set up as well, but it would be nice to have a guide included with instructions for the best knots. I had to get creative. We can't all be boy scouts...
decent quality for the price. However, it is designed for big+tall people. I am 5'10", 170 lbs, and I basically have to double-up the waist to get it to fit, and the shoulder straps are way to long, even on the shortest setting.
This is a 3-pack of standard desoldering wick. It dispenses easily and does a good job of absorbing excess or unwanted solder. Shipping was quick enough and the price was very good. When I get down to the last roll (and that, hopefully, will be a while) I'll order the same again.
The product was a good value. The only downside was one of the pedals was not grooved out and I had to take it to a bike shop.
This tool has a very low learning curve.
This game is a lot of fun. Try it you will love it.
They seem to work fine. Once you get dust on them they slip a little but its not a problem. Would purchase again.
The tv is nice; size, sound etc. Came well packaged. Overall I think it'll turn out to be a good purchase. But when the TV is on there's an unpleasant odor - probably outgassing - and I hope that it will soon go away because it's literally giving me a headache.
Good weight the head is a bit smaller the the estwing but it seems to be holding up well so far.
Instructions for assembly were not great. After dividing up the parts into identical groups and contemplating the assembly, I was able to assemble the table in about an hour. The holes in the top were not a good fit for my antique Craftsman table saw, but after the addition of two two x fours and drilling a couple of additional holes in the top part of the frame, I successfully mounted the saw.
I like the color because I can spot my Kindle Paperwhite quickly.
The product was very tasteful
Very good camping folding bed, kind of a little bit hard lying on it but that's expected. Overall I like this folding bed and satisfied this purchase.
My toddler loves it! He walks around with it like his little briefcase.... it's serving its purpose
The sweater will be perfect when it just starts to get cold in my area during the spring and fall times. I am between sizes M and L depending on the size chart. I chose a large in this one because I didnt want it too tight. I think if I could choose again I would get a M, It is very true to size and I would have been fine to follow the sizing chart. I did have a bit of a hard time with the zipper going up and down due to some fabric sewn close to the zipper line but its manageable.
As a fair skinned gal, this was perfect. The only thing I would like that was different would be a better carrying handle/strap.
I just used this to repair some rubber soles houseshoes that were getting worn at the heels. I have tried for three years to find more houseshoes like these because they are scuffs that hold a diabetic insole in place. Since I can't replace them I am prolonging the life by repairing. I have four pair. I found Shoe Goo to be quite messy and hard to squeeze out of the tube. I will have to see how it holds up. I had previously ordered Sugru moldable glue and used it to repair them several months ago. It worked great but I didn't order enough so they wore out pretty fast. Sugru is much easier to use because it comes in moldable strips that aren't messy at all. I just ordered more because I know it will leave a good bond and wear well.
Good size not too big for too small, portable, light weight and compact too...great for snow or sand..but not hard soil or rocks..
I use the flashlight everyday for work. While it is definitely not 3200 lumens as advertised it is still bright and well made.
I am very partial to these backs. They fit snuggly on the posts and keep the earring back from stabbing my neck.
Hope we don't need it.
Love this product & I can't find it around here anymore. I use it everyday when I workout.
A little expensive. Bought for my mom who has super curly hair. She has reported great success with cutting down the frizz.
......lacking in selection of older films, which I like much better than the modern stuff. It does have every episode of MASTERS OF HORROR, though, which is worth the $2.99 a month price (If you order it yearly. If you order it to be billed monthly, it will cost $4.99 a month, but it is still worth it). All movies are commercial-free and uncut. I just wish they offered more of a variety, as I love Italian genre film of the '70s & '80s, but there are precious few to be found here. It is still a good value, though.
Needs more games to be available monthly.
Not super comfy but works good. No issues
My son is almost 3 and loved it. Got the Dynamo dominoes and although he requires my help still ...we enjoyed it together
I priced pocket knives at a local home improvement store and they were way too expensive. Love my "girly" knife, and, thanks to the question and answer section I now know how to get the blade back in!
I do believe this was a good guide for use building in Minecraft. My son thought he could do more within the game but deleted it and wasn't happy with this. It's a guide so I think it does serve it's purpose.
Excellent recap of the notorious origins of Norwegian black metal. Highly watchable, and not just for metal fans. Works equally well as a dramatic character piece.
When it comes down to it it fulfills all of the criteria I needed it to, a gun safe that could fit in the limited space I had under my bed, no it isn't ideal, but I couldn't afford a biometric safe of any kind at the time of purchase. Bottom line, it does the job for situations that don't require quick immediate access. one bit of advice I have though it to make sure that you get a way to keep it in place, be that screws or a cable lock of some kind, this is not a safe that is impossible to lift.
This is a replacement for one I've had for YEARS (at least ten, probably more) on which the rubber lid gasket finally failed -- probably my fault for screwing it on too tight -- and all replacements offered say they don't guarantee they'll be leakproof. Huh!!??
I usually wear everything medium size (eg. T-shirt). These were somewhat small for me. Very hard to put on and some of them would tear while wearing.
It is very comfortable. Haven't tried it in the cold yet but it feels it will be perfect
Don;t use these for dog collars, they are not strong enough, but are great for lanyards
Good quality case for the price.
Great for keeping my son safe on his mini bike. Nice bright headlight and taillight. Only downside is batter doesn't hold its charge very well after sitting over night
Long game but it's ok
I wouldn't use this kind of lock to secure a bicycle in my city, which has a very efficient bike theft culture. But it's perfect for tying my trashcan to the railing so it doesn't blow away in the wind. (Note: this works best if the handle is molded out of the same piece of plastic as the body of the can, instead of being an attached piece)
Works as advertised.
Smaller than expected and nothin has blow'd up reel good yet so dunno how well they work.
This is a really nice wax warmer, it works fast and melted all the wax to a nice consistency. It has a 360* heating ring which is the key to getting the wax to melt evenly. I like that it has a separate aluminum bowl, and a see-through cover, so you can see the progress. This is great for shops, and home use both. This set comes with different wax pellets and applicator sticks. I am very pleased with this wax warmer!
Worked as intended. Stoutly made, fairly easy to use.
I purchased this to make a small adjustment on a revolver. It had the right diameter punch for the job and I can see it will come in very handy for years to come.
They do what they are supposed to do- Stop my mountain bike. And stop it well. Well better than the old worn out ones on before.
Very nice and simple. Does need a manual for other features
After an upgrade about 5 years ago, the "Bill and Income Reminder" for stock dividends stopped working. I would have reported this error earlier, but I became frustrated that I was needed to fix problems with this software. I wanted to see if others would become involved and they have not! The reminders for my stock dividends do not automatically delete from the subject list after I have made the transaction. I have to go back to the list to make the dropdown choice to skip this pending reminder. It worked before!!!!!
I have used this for lamps and lights. I had some trouble pairing it to Alexa as it put multiple names in the app for the same plug. For example it is a double plug but 3 living room lamps showed up in the app. Otherwise it is a good plug and less expensive than the Alexa plug. It is nice that it can control 2 items per socket.
like the disc breaks. Handle bars were too low and had to get a 3 " extender. Had to buy a kick stand but I think I am going to enjoy it now that it has been adjusted tso my old body.
Fastest I have had on a device
material is exactly what I was looking for.. very happy with the purchase
Love the color and the bling. Perfect for spring. I ordered small and it seems to be a little larger than it should but it's adjustable so it does t really matter, except that there is more excess band to wind around, if that makes sense.
Great movie that continues to be great throughout the years!
Good for home hobbyist. Pros need to look elsewhere.
Stuck on level 356 and can't move on. I know all the words but it is impossible to get to them. I can only get 3 of them. I tried all different ways. I think this puzzle is defective. Someone please help!
If you want to know the truth, watch this!
Comfortable but too noisy rustle
Gets the job done right.
Taller than most, lightweight, packs small my only gripe so far is on soft ground the feet sink in.
I love this because it makes me think! I'm so happy when I finish a puzzle without cheating!
Portability is great. Wish the device had a lock so it won't close easily other then that used it many times for lunch and worked great.
Really nice game, been playing long time.
Good movie. thanks for prompt delivery
Good fit and appears to be well made, the test is ho long they last.
Loved these. They are a little difficult to inflate at first but once you get the hang of it they're not bad. We bought a few and bring them out when the kids have friends over for movies and we don't have enough room on the couch
Was a little bummed on the packaging but the part works fine.
My only complaint is the tension cord doesn't have any kind of attachment. We just sort of loop around the ends of the hammock stand. It does it's job though. I don't know how effective this would be outdoors, but it works to keep us warm in the house on cold winter nights.
Love the scent and longevity. Did not see the effects of hair inhibitors.
So far so good, looks great, hopefully they last in the long run
As a fan of the book, I was pleased with this film adaptation.
Great movie...does not have sub titles but it's okay. Wish a Blu Ray would come out but this is great DVD!
I have not used it yet
Darn thing skips - even on good quality players. Most of the time on "He Is". I even ordered a second one just in case it was a fluke - both are the same. Other than that - the album itself is amazing.
Good for the small gaps, makes a start for the bigger levers if required.
Had to stop and let the grinder cool several times. Did get the job done. Good product for be price.
Well designed in the simplicity. I like games that look the closest to using paper (hardly extra junk, bells and whistles, just the game.) The game itself is quite fun, lots of levels from really easy to extremely tough.
Works well, But a little bulky
I love the game, but are you ever going to get it fixed so that I can download again to play? Please get this fixed.
Doesnt stay shut unless in pouch. Cool neon color prevents it from going missing. I dont know why but this thing scares me. Makes me think I will spontaneously combust.
Was small than I thought, but it works for grandson's to travel with.
Inconvenienced- If youre going to make a bundle, why not include a note about needing a contour pad for the hook and loop polishing pad? I'll give a real review in a few months.
My daughter loved the colors and the design the best
They work pretty good on all size of skis. Make carrying them way easier. We use them on all different sizes from 168 to 100 and different width also. My 6 year old can even carry them with it.
Fits good and comfortable
I initially bought this sleeve to keep the back on my Firestick remote. After being dropped a couple of times, the little tab that keeps the back locked in place, snapped off, so the back cover would occasionally slip off. This sleeve not only solved that problem, but also provided a little more protection from future falls. It's a little tricky getting it on, but I found that if you put it on from the bottom, through the opening in the front, then carefully stretch the top part over the top of the remote, it goes on easily.
I needed plus size so not blaming this on product - - too tight for my legs
Definitely like the variety of lace that comes with this set. Would prob purchase again
A little smoother and not quite as stiff as the indicator from HF. Reads true, does what it should.
What happened to the monthly bonus that you could get daily? I lost mine in the update!
Love it! everything are good here,
Framed out and durable. It survived the birthday party and now we just have to find a home for it in our home.
Amazon driver left package at basement door, and didn't ring door bell. this time of year packages are stolen right off peoples porch. Luckily I was a home a saw the driver backing out of my driver way. Just a suggestion the driver should ring the door bell.
Worked well for the product!
I wish they still had the one without aspartame. They had it for a short while, everywhere, but then suddenly you can't find it anywhere.
This replacement lens is a great value compared to an original Oakley lens. Only rates as a 4 Star due to the lens being just a bit larger than the original lens. The size does not appear to affect the lens with fitting into the frame. The lenses are clear and look great in the frame. The packaging was A plus. The storage sack should keep your spare lenses protected from scratches and is a nice addition.
Pretty good for the low price. It's been good for light duty work.
There are stages in this games beyond just finding the hidden objects. Having a problem with unclear explanation s. Confusion with earning collections. A great deal depends on trusting where the game leads. Challenging, but I keep hoping for more explanation.
I normally buy Walmart's brand of charmin ultra strong. Saw these were comparable in price so I gave it a shot. Very similar, soft but doesn't shred when u use it would definitely recommend if on sale or need another item for a prime pantry box. The only down side is the rolls are a lot smaller than I anticipated so it's not REALLY the same price as Walmart brand.
Such a cute print, but the overall cut was boxy and sizing ran large.
pricing was good and med works fine
The player is a good basic DVD player. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the remote. I wish it were a little bigger.
Is perfect is what I was looking for
I would definitely recommend this product. Very sturdy and well made. It also had a clip sewn in so I can attach to whatever I need to.
I've had these for a couple of weeks now, and there are definitely pros and cons. Luckily, I think the pros outweigh the cons. I ordered the large size and they are a bit tight, but I have a feeling that the extra large would have been much too large. It also makes them a tad difficult to pull on. They are well made, and I feel like they they will hold up, however, they are a bit bulky, so I have to take them off quite a bit, but it's nice that they are warm when I put my hand back in. I wear them while doing barn work and the temps have been 15 - 50 degrees F. I've had to be careful not to make them too warm because I found that my hands were sweating and the gloves got very damp and needed to be dried out by the fireplace. I've found that preheating them before heading out makes them more effective because the cold pitchfork, wheelbarrow handles and broom quickly zap the heat out of the gloves since there are no heating elements in the palms. Sadly, my fingertips still get cold because there is minimal heating there, but if I slide the glove down a bit, I can warm them more quickly than with handwarmers. I wish there was either more effective padding in the palm and more heating elements and more in the fingertips...then they would be pretty great, as the batteries seem to charge relatively quickly, and I can do my barn chores in the morning and evening (1-2 hours each) on one charge and just charge them overnight. The cost of the gloves vs. 1-2 pairs of handwarmers/day is a no brainer.
I used it on a rough lawn and gravel. It work OK but not great on those surfaces. There were two problems, the diameter of the wheels was a little small for outdoor use and the magnet would work better on a rough surface if it were stronger. The mechanism for attaching the wheels is crude but usable.
Really a nice grinder considering the price and you do have to consider the price! It has a bit of vibration, not a lot. It was caused by the stamped steel washers used to hold the wheels. I trued them on a lathe and it runs great. It has great power, more than I expected and the variable speed is a good feature.
Pretty tight fit, does rub on top of foot
A pretty good taste for the price. It may look small but fills you up very quickly after just one slice. I've ordered this a few times and can always count on the consistent quality and taste. For the very reasonable price on Amazon Fresh, you can't go wrong.
Better than most of the ones at the labs, they look clean and fits me well.
It was a tad too big for my dryer but still works and catches lint and things perfectly. Not too sure what else to say. Shipping was super fast for not being a little a prime product.
Great color and texture! Lightweight and slim, so easy to keep in your your backpack or purse!!
Well made....but too soft for my project
The charging port is crooked inside the flashlight and sometimes the button sticks but other than that its great
DYI kind of a guy and I needed some pneumatic stuff; mailers, impact tools and sprayers. I added a number of these tools and accessories. This was a nice and versatile collection. You get a variety of connections at a reasonable price. They all seem to have good quality and are tight and work well together.
I bought these for roller skating, after taking a few falls. The padding is excellent, but quite bulky. When I wear looser clothing, I wear the shorts underneath, but when I wear leggings, I wear them over top. The padding definitely works, but if you're looking for a sleek, subtle padding, these are NOT it!
Already played with it like very much
At first the item appears large, however it's quite small. The good thing is my husband and I lol at the size but he won't go anywhere without it. The charging station frustrated him, but I'll fix that. Otherwise a good purchase. But try to advise folks of the size.
Comfortable and soft inside, nothing negative yet, only owned for about a week
The only problem I have with it is that the stand-up mechanism isn't that stable and we can't adjust the angle.
fits snug on the tail gate, and holds bike great. Only gripe is that you cannot use back-up camera, the flap is too high. Feeding the straps can be a tad too tricky. Is it as easy as a hitch rack? yes, but hooking up the hitch rack takes less time to intall
The pills are big but seems to work
I'm an electrician by trade. These batteries last, fit the tools quite well and are all- around a good deal. Much better than the Powerextra brand.
Pretty neat little product. Very portable and easy to store. The ability to collapse the lantern is useful. You can easily recharge it using the charging cord. Very practical and convenient. It has a small handle for hanging. Good product for camping or power outages. Adequate lighting for simple tasks.
Helped with light at night in the tent. Fan is ok but not super powerful
This was a fun series on TV. It is a little campy but enjoyable. This series is like a cross between Sanctuary and Warehouse 13. The special effect are ok, great for the time. The DVD is great quality. Just wish there were extras on the DVD. Great fun for the price.
There are no instructions and I'm not a computer wizard. I figured out how to turn it on and fortunately Alexa helped with a few things but I want some guidance. Any suggestions?
Product works good but spare wheel is missing
great cast.... funny!
Bought the mesh face hat to use to help keep gnats out of my face while working in the yard. Perfect for keeping them out of my eyes, ears and mouth. Only drawback I found was when having the sun in my face there seemed to be a glare off the mesh and vision was not as clear. Sun behind me, no problem. Great item and I don't regret buying it.
Bought this liner for my wife, she really enjoyed sleeping in it. It stayed in place in her bag and she had no problems with getting twisted up in it which she wondered about whether that would be a problem with it or not.
I already had the two wheel cart, and was trying to make my own straps, but after several tries found that I could just buy the strap handle. Perfect fit, easy to connect and works well.
Very light my 8 year old can pick it up.but does not have hand brakes for back wheel.
This set appears to made of good quality materials although it could be improved by coming with a case to hold everything. Everything you would need is included, and the pinchers are most helpful.
Easy to use and works well. My only complaint is that nothing shows that it is running unless you have the program open.
Really like the old-fashioned sound of these singers.
Excellent works great
These work very well especially like the feature where you can push a button on the battery and it tells you how much of a charge it has
Very nice modern twist on the card game that we used to play as kids.
Well machined and does what it is designed to do. On my HF lathe, when using the worm screw, the chuck will not screw on to the spindle all the way, because the jaws close down too far. Others have complained that it is difficult to use the two tightening bars, but once you know the secret of the fire swamp, it really is very easy to tighten the chuck with just one hand. A quality product with just the one flaw, so it loses one star.
When I first purchased this reel I was excited to get out on the water however the reel was damaged internally upon arrival. Amazon quickly sent out a replacement and now I have been fishing this reel for over 3 weeks now on a perigee II rod. It was great it became my new favorite baitcasting reel I loved it even more then my Shimano reels and quickly became my new favorite setup. I fish about 4 to 5 times a week and this last outing every 3rd or 4th cast there would be this terrible sound of gears grinding and would bring my lure to a dead stop mid cast. I made sure the clutch lever was fully pressed and made sure I was not accidentally hitting it when being cast but the problem would still happen. Now when reeling in it is louder and not smooth it feels very gritty and not fun to use. I had high hopes with this reel and wanted to get additional kastking reels but I am nervous to make the purchases now. This was an awesome reel before the problem I had and I hope this is just an isolated issue and not something I need to worry about if purchasing additional products. It would be nice to know what kastking has to say about this. I did leave them a voicemail about a week ago but have yet to hear back from them.
I like ordering this product from Amazon because if something is wrong with it you can get a replacement in short order. This being the case the one I ordered was defective, Amazon sent a replacement within 2 days and it worked. Super good service.
I would like it better if I could chose when to use the wicked witch or play regular
Works great, it does have a really short cord though.
With both hats adjusted as large as possible beige colored hat fits slightly tighter than gray hat, both are well ventilated and cool in direct sun.
Looks good for the price
It is over priced for what it is but I like it. If it came with a couple of the accessories I'd be happy.
Very funny. John Cena is surprisingly the standout of the movie.
Fragile handle with care
Works as described but the plugs could hold a little tighter
But needs more hints for free
Great with my electric impact screwdriver
this handlebar bag fits the phone nicely. It is a big bulky for a road bike (the inside of my knees would sometimes brush it). it is certainly large enough to handle spare tubes, cartridges, etc. My phone stays dry even in the rain but I did get some fogging in the Louisiana heat and humidity. I was able to work the touch screen about 75% of the time through the case.
Product was fine, but not a single person in the family liked the taste
Took me awhile to assemble it but the bike looks sick and rides well. I am 200 lbs, 5 feet 11 and it fits well. It would be nice if they designated which wheel was for front and which one was for back.
Excellent graphics. Quick response to swipes and taps...seem less screen movement.
It's just a piece of leather and some stropping compound. I was hoping the back would be suede but it looks likes it's bound to some cloth. But it's about as expensive as the compound alone so I really can't complain.
Laser works well in dark rooms. Self-leveling feature works nice. Daylight makes it difficult unless you're really up close. The only issue is when I tighten up the mount and it pushes on the battery cover it shuts off.
These sleeping bags are very comfy. They are easy to carry and are warm. My only concern is that they may not be warm enough for 20 degree weather as it says. I haven't tried it in such cold weather yet, though i am skeptical, as they look a bit thin for that much cold weather. I can update my review after I try it.
So far so good works like the original battery with more then half the cost. I brought two of them and no problems yet
Had a hard time breathing calmly
Keeps me busy when I'm winding down for bed.
I had a few great laughs from this movie.
My 10 year old daughter love this game
good sound, great songs
This is the best sleeping bag I've ever purchased. Super quality. Used it camping up in Maine in the middle of August with 40° temps and I was super cozy.
It's a great toolbox but was a bit heavier than expected makes it a pain to take it up 3 stories
Would have been better if it had digital copy.
Love these mints. Brings the right amount of breath freshness when I need it. I keep these in my car and chew on a few before meetings, etc. I have noticed that they lose flavor intensity over time (usually when I keep them in my car). But that's ok with me because I don't mind if that happens. Another thing...sometimes the candies come a bit banged up...too many broken. This is not the usual occurrence, though.
Attachment will ultimately dry rot out. It may require a technical upgrade for better attachment especially to motorcycles.
Nice and easy to clean
Love it the controls are easy and very responsive to graphics outstanding I recommend you playing
Much fun!! Generous wins!!
Fun game and second one I bought. Thought this was somehow more suited for adults so got this to replace my old one that I bought when my kids were younger. It's the same thing just paddles are thicker and we actually prefer the blue paddled one for my adult children. I suppose these thicker paddles mean you can hit it harder for adults? Stick with the original. It works just as well if not better.
Great but a litttle light weight
I was looking for something comfortable to wear around the house, and the product copy suggested these shorts would fit the bill. Indeed they do! They're almost like wearing nothing at all. I'm very happy with them.
Flimsier than expected, but serves its purpose.
Item arrived as described!
As far as I know the recipients enjoyed this gift.
I am very happy with the monogram, but the metal is very thin.
Good CD from 311 ,worth a listen
I have not used this product yet. It arrived quickly. I am excited to use this to replace my many dead watch batteries.
Very lovely and well made-- but it does stretch out over time.
Love this product! Leaves hair soft and manageable!
To follow suit as in all Alien movies. Great.
Haven't played very long, but good so far. That's why only four stars.
Hammer arrived in perfect condition, handle is very comfortable with nice texturing on the grip. I was happily surprised to find the brass side is a machined solid piece rather than a cap. Works well for both delicate and hard work. Would definitely buy again. The only problem i had was some sharp flashing from the casting on the face but that was easy to remove.
Overall the sticks are great. The end pad on one was malformed, and I had to order replacements.
I brought this with me on a four day Inca trail hike in Peru to Machu Picchu. Super convenient to stick in my fanny pack and whip out when the sun came out. Does leave a sticky feeling but the shape lets you get into crevices of your nose and face etc. Ears too don't forget. Plus side is if your hands are dirty then you don't have to touch your face because that's one thing i don't like is being out and about with who knows how dirty hands then slathering bacteria and cream sunscreen on my face. Just asking for a breakout. So in that sense this is great. Smell is nice. Does leave your face sticky and kinda greasy looking but I didn't get burnt so it works. So far I feel like it has a decent amount but most people said it has very little. Maybe depends how big your face is too. I brought it with me to the swimming pool and it was convenient to use and keep applying. This is more for convenience. But you could just as easily spray body sunscreen on your hand then dab your face.
Very good tool, well made and tough. The sheath clip tore off after two weeks of wearing it, so that was kind of disappointing. But the tool itself is great
these come very close to home made flavor and texture
I really liked these, but three had loose covers. A little glue fixed them right up though, so a great deal for the price.
It's fine for what it is.Case is nice.
Work pretty well, but a little hard to get in my vents (older style vents) but otherwise fine
This was a little different in size from the stock item. Only one of the two screws can mount the box. It works well regardless of the size.
Very good. but it's too expensive
This series is always a pleasure to watch, but the writing on these shows is not quite as inventive & funny as usual.
Smaller than I expected. We use it to wipe our feet before we get in our tent. It serves its purpose but I wish it was a little larger.
Very pleasant taste. Great to add taste to smoothies and other dishes.
Great value for the price. Works as advertised, i can actually see the screen in the daylight.
The tag itself is really cool and it looks awesome on our black male dog with a matching blue-colored collar. The only thing I don't think is great is the rubber trim that goes around the tag. First, it doesn't stay in place very well and slips off the edges pretty easily. Second, it doesn't do anything to stop the clanking sound of the tag against the other license tag he wears. Other than that, it's a nice tag. I can live with the rubber trim issue, it doesn't bother me very much. But just an FYI in case you are thinking it will work to eliminate the combined tags' clicking sounds. Only one tag (this one) on the collar would be no issue.
Looks like just what i need, but i haven't used it yet.
I used this lock to securely and tightly close an attic access door. I needed the length and couldn't find anything in local stores. Product has performed satisfactorily.
This is a very nice quiet washer. So far it is working flawlessly. My one complaint is that one of the leveling feet was broken during shipping. I reached out to the vendor about getting another foot, but never got a response. I was able to make a foot myself out of a bolt and a rubber grommet. All and all I'm happy with the unit. It was almost $200 cheaper than the big box retailers.
Pretty Fun And Relaxing
Great for the price, but does not cover up urine odors as well as other brands I have tried.
My only concern is the container that hold the bits. It makes it difficult to remove a bit.
Soldering tip works great for projects and seems to last a long time.
The larger ones hold strong. The smaller ones are on the weak side, but still hold small objects sufficiently. Only real complaint is that there is plastic in the middle that melts if your arc gets too close. For the price, can't beat this kit.
The varieties in the can were all great, but Planters Deluxe Mixed Nuts used to include Brazil nuts. My wife misses them.
Easy to install and have the channels that have been announced.
good tent. light blocking is great
I didn't know what to expect with this rack, but it's definitely worth the money. It's easy to mount (just follow the instructions) and holds 3 old school 10x30 complete boards with no problems. I did mount one side to the stud and the other side using the provided drywall anchors. Won't hesitate to buy a couple of more as I add to my collection.
The product is good but could be better if there was a strap attached to the cover that one could put their fingers through to secure the cover from dropping/slipping out of one's hand.
got on time great movie, movie the case was cracked
They are good quality leggings but don't come with a fleece lining as described by the vendor. I bought them for my daughter thinking they'd be good for protecting her in the cold weather but they're 95% cotton with no warm lining inside. I'll still keep them as my daughter likes the colors and designs. They're very reasonably priced.
Used one on a vacation, the other one was broke when it arrived. But too late to send back as we were leaving the next day. So we ended up with one that worked good and the other would not lock, the threads wete stripped.
The product was just as described and arrived when expected .
This can be used for watching movies, slide shows and projects. Very useful great color so far. My first projector I'm very pleased.
This is a good flashlight, but the switch is too easy to turn on.
Just a song Easy download
Great movie. I paid a little more to get the Digital copy!
I really like this blade, and it comes sharp. We used it as a throwing weapon on old wood logs that were partially rotted. The tip broke off during this activity! We continued to use the blade and more of the tip broke off - a total of about 1 inch. The sword is very satisfying to own. It is fun to use too, but not as durable as I wanted.
I haven't had a chance to use the snorkel set yet. I'm kind of concerned with the fins. They're quite stiff and feel cheap. LIke I said I can't give a full review yet since my cruise isn't for 2 more weeks. It's packaged nice in bag for easy carrying. The mask seems to fit nicely. I'm excited to use it and hoping the fins don't dig into my foot because of the stiffness.
If this was anymore expensive I'd give it 3 stars. I needed something to drill 4 holes in our 4" concrete patio. This was cheaper than renting a rotary drill from the big boxes. It started smoking during some of the drilling even with me trying to give it breaks. It never quit out on me though and I got all the holes drilled no problem. It's hammer action isn't very hard but it does the job. Not sure how many more projects it'll last on but I've gotten my money's worth already.
Love her voice.....especially love Kennedy and Monroe (sure to be a hit).
I would add a fraction of the syrup in the directions
Pricey but well made tool.
Fit in my car just fine, audio quality seems decent, and the bass is pretty awesome in these little speakers. I replaced my speakers because they had been blown out.
The projector works well. I could not use it with my cable box, but I ended up using a roku. It works up to standards now. Easy set up. cannot use with Bluetooth speakers but again used the wires and works well. SO far , happy with my purchase.
Great for length and volume, dries out quickly!
I like it was easy to set up and I have something to backup and keep a eye on someone trying to set up a virus on my computer.
Arrived as described, but doesn't include mounting hardware. Bins are smaller than I expected, but will still work for what I need it for
Great light, but it is not adjustable, no concentration of beam, side light better than other multi-lights, and the size is a bit smaller. At $30 it's right on the fence of being worth it. Only didn't give it 5-stars because its not adjustable, but has not been an issue so far
Came in fast, tires where manufactured within 5 months of sale, had them on for about 1,200 miles on my 2001 F150
Since I have Glaucoma, I cannot prep for meals, so this product is handy.
My niece likes this game.
It has been fun getting to know Alexa's skills.and I do enjoy it for the most part. It could use some tweaking but for the price it's a fun little gadget.
She did not come looking as nice as the photos show, which was why I gave it 4 starts because I had to purchase makeup to make her look decent. Not sure why her head is so yellow and she has skimpy brows but I was able to fix it with makeup. I pierced her ears and changed her lips and also gave her some brows. You could also use her without the head but I needed it so I put the work in. She is sturdy for the most part. She is a good buy especially if you are good with makeup.
Bought 2 for a motorcycle camping trip! Compact, worked great!
My old one broke. Great when it went on sale.
I haven't listened yet but I think it will be interesting
The band sounds great, I'm so glad they captured this tour on video. Jon, Trevor and Rick are uber talented and it shows in this performance. But, I wish they wouldn't have put in the fake crowd noise. They didn't need that one bit and it's distracting too. The wave of crowd noise from time to time is not needed.
I love it. It makes things much easier for me. Although, the accuracy is not really that good. When you calibrate it "zeroing it" before making the measurement, when you fold it back, instead of reading zero, you now getting .5 - .7 degree difference and if you keep doing the same thing couple times you will see the accuracy is way out of expectation. It could be as much as 1-2 degrees. I don't need to have the small precision accuracy, however, it does bother me that I have to redo the calibration every single time I make a measurement. That's said, digital reading is still heck of a better way to measure the angle than the manual tools.
It's good it fits all my welding school equipment but it's only good for short people. People at my school have the same tool box
Quick delivery works as it should. Thank you
Accompanying pan had a particular set (maybe after machining the square pan down for fit) and found one orientation was best for sliding the pan into the pot and closing the lid without gaps. Overall fit is nearly perfect and clips do ok to keep handle in place. Just figured out to find an aluminum pan of similar dimension to baking pan and cut curved relief in bottom so that it can set on top to hold coals in place when used as an oven. Maybe use wire to hold pan in place. Then the coal pan can travel with the baking pan. Quality of the pot is very good, no blemish or metal fit issues. Now to find a cupcake holder that fits inside.
Received the movie quick as I ordered It. Was a funny movie and I enjoyed the movie night
It seems to be an ok product, only used it once. Had a problem with it staying tight. may take some getting used too in order to make the proper adjustments. I feel it will be adequate for my needs once I gain more knowledge of its usage
It was very stiff, and difficult to open. I used good gun oil, and opened and closed it many times. It doesn't fall open, so it is secure, but opens fairly easily. I prefer to carry it over my Gerber.
Smells a little - hoping will go away as time goes by
Fixed my glasses, but be careful how you open the screw case. The tape was hard to see and my screws ended up alll mixed together. I am still sorting them. However, my glasses are fixed and I didn't have to toss them or buy another pair! This is more than a lifetime supply.
I was worried when I first got them due to them being from China, however, they charge well and may not last as long as they originals, but work well enough to get the job done.
So let me start off by saying this pack is so fricken cool and I WANT to love everything about it. The fabric is awesome to look at, the zippers match, and there's a ton of room to store stuff other than water (I use this for music festivals and need room for my fiber whip and jacket, as well as various other stuff you need!). This size and fabric DOES make the pack heavier, so if your back or shoulders get sore easy be aware! The reason I took off one star is the zipper pulls. Most zipper pulls have a hole so you can hook key chains or LOCKS to your zippers if you wanted. This pack does not have that, the zipper pulls are completely solid. I am concerned that when I go to a larger music festival that I will not be able to use a lock on my zippers, which is unfortunate because that makes the extra space in this pack useless if I fear someone will steal the stuff out of it.
It was nice But they put a lowercase M instead of a capital little upset about that it was a wedding gift so I gave it as it was but the rest was good
The mask works well but the bottle is rather small, enough for two times only.
Great stuff. Overpriced.
Seem to be Great Sockets
The dimensions need to be clearer ... height, width and depth ... I thought it was narrower than it was.
I thought it was a cute Christmas game but my daughter is crazy about it. Was suprised to find my son playing it and trying to collect coins to collect more snowman in different costumes.
Awesome game. Very addicting.
Level 5 puzzles are a good challenge but no real demons here. But sometimes that's all your up for. Not the richest feature set but all you really need, kind of a goldilocks thing.
This is perfect for small demolition or yard work. Can use it one handed for most tasks.
The pedals were a bit too cheap. Kept falling off and had to do our own modifications.
I really like this cabinet! I wanted something to separate the tub and the toilet plus I needed a paper holder. Just what I was looking for. Multifunctional is what I like and was so glad I found a different way to house TP. It came assembled minus the knobs and wheels which was fine with me. I was going to switch them out to match the rest of my bathroom anyway. Also, you can put the wheels on or not and I suggest a drill. I also suggest putting them on if you plan on mopping like I will to save the integrity of the cabinet bottom. Mine came with three wheels and I emailed customer service and they sent one right away! Not sure if it is a little wobbly because of the floor but other than that, this cabinet is great! My only issue is I was hoping to use the bottom half of the drawer for cleaning supplies. A standard Clorox clean up bottle does not fit so I will use it for TP only. Or maybe bath items if they fit.
Basically sounds like your typical bluetooth speaker. Nothing compared to the JBL speaker I have. I bought the speaker for the bike mount as I wanted to add some music to my electric bike. I'm trying to form the ultimate electric bike, with a saddle bag in the back and phone mount in the front. The speaker seems to mount on the front handle bars fine. Just hoping it stays in place after long rides. Will update if anything changes.
My baby does not have eczema but very dry skin. I switched to this from Aveeno Not super impressed, but skin is less dry after bath
The title says it all. I can feel at once that the director wanted to all kinds of film festival with this one for sure. IT's written down all over the movie especially the ending scene. But still I am buying the bluray to keep it forever. Cause I cannot deny that I liked it.
Heavy and functions well. The only thing I don't like is the backing plate on the bearings is threaded and loosens sometimes allowing slight vibration. It is easy to tighten but I thought it would work better with a lock ring or set screw to keep it tight.
I'm guessing since it was a refurbished product the battery life isn't the best. I have to charge more often than I thought and it also doesn't get to 100% battery life. Other than that, I love it
Easy to navigate, relaxing adventure and addictive play
1 didn't work, but rest are good, the plastic spikes bend very easily when pushed in the ground so don;t push all the way in til you are sure of placement.
Didn't realize how big the lenses were gonna be and at first I did not like it but after the first day of wearing them I ended up liking them and they fit very well. No issues with quality and they truly are the best glasses I've bought in this price range.
This thing is tiny! Don't expect much more than a cool breeze. Even if you put it right by you.
Overall it's been great. If the kid turns the wheel too hard the thing topples over a little bit. But the 2-in-1 aspect was cool and probably made for us being able to use it longer. I wish we would've bought it when the kids were even smaller though because that spot where the kid is supposed to stand is a little small(then again my kids have some big feet, sooo 🤷).
Nice mixture, I enjoyed it very much.
So far this cooler bag as worked for our needs
I love the construction of materials, the look. Only thing is you must the keep temperature on maximum for drinks to get cold. Takes a while to get cold if cans are in the middle. Better if drinks touch the walls.
They work great bought for my autistic brother who's ten fir our trip to Disney they work great just didn't fit right we're a tad small but would recommend for toddlers
they are decent bits.
Pretty nose ring and nicely priced. Material is a little flimsy and there should be a clasp or something to close the ring. Otherwise, I am happy with this purchase.
I would have liked it better if it had a belt loop rather than a slit, but pretty good for the price.
Loved the result but hair see dry
Worked well the first few times I tried it, but at some point it got wonky. If I chose wireless connection, it would see two connections and no books, if I chose Content Server, it says there was no content server. After turning tablet off/on it worked ok again. Will definitely get the full version.
These make fence repair much simpler than having to twist wire together and if much safer. I do recommend you purchase a good hydraulic crimping tool to use on them. May cost a little but saves on wire and man hours.
I think for the money the light and built in laser could both be brighter but they are as described by the seller and make my Springfield XD9 look great! See Pic!
Hollow part not as deep as expected
I love this song when Adam sings it alone. He sang it on the Today Show with his band it was so good and he was sexy singing it. The version with the female singer with him is just not as good. I'd like to be able to download a version of just him and his band doing the song.
Great music! Very soulful, healing - you can tell that he sings from the heart!
I've been taking this - one a day with other vitamin supplements - Giving it more time.
It feels thicker than expected but light weight. When expanded, it is large for sure however, when folded, it seems too big for me to put into my backpack. I'll keep this in my car anyways.
It took a bit of getting used to but it's a great product and excellent customer service.
Great bag! Have not had long and the front clasp buckle came off. Having to have webbing resewn, but worth it.
I do not think I'll be ordering these again. They make me sore and do not hold the amount of body fluid as I had anticipated. Maybe that's because I more hemorrhage at this point in my life. Better than equate brand though, I will say that.
I haven't had the chance to actually work with it yet since I notice the box after I did some of the work, but I did try them on and they felt great when I kneel on the floor I should be able to give you a better rating once I use it this coming weekend, really looking forward to really tested for an extended period.
Toasty on middle setting. Too soon to report on long term wear.
Works wonderfully. Had it a few weeks and could not be happier about how much ice such a small inexpensive machine makes. I have a huge concern. Because it recycles the melted ice, anything that gets in the ice bin gets everywhere in the machine. There really isn't a great way to clean it. I am going to try a spray bottle of star-san. Just be aware that if you are camping and grubby hands get in the bin, there is no simple way to sanitize. (I believe all these countertop machines work the same way)
The hitch rack works wells. It's a bit heavy and it sways more than Im comfortable with, but it's a decent rack.
Exactly what we were looking for. Road trips with a 6 year old just got better. We had an RCA before and it was the worst quality i have ever seen produced by a well known company.
Works ok but the pressure valve included leaks at 25 psi..the tank is 45 rated..o must buy a new valve if I need 40 plus
The displayed numbers bounce all around but once hooked up to actual test point, it reads quick and steady. The little I've used it so far has been within range of comparison device.
So far everything seems fine plenty of power only bad thing I found so far was they didt put a nut on the shock witch could have been very dangerous
good product but way over priced initially i thought it was a set. only received one...
Cleaned up my diamond stones great!
Lovely print and I appreciate the concept of the artwork printed on the upcycled dictionary page. I was a bit disappointed that the "vintage" dictionary page was not as old as I had expected it would be. Entries are from at least the late 1980's. Even so, the print is excellent and will be a perfect fit in our newly remodeled, tiny Victorian-style bathroom.
Fit decently only on handlebar of bike with adaptors fit loosely with no adapters on bottom pipe of step over curved bike frame
It's a great stand, make sure that you add the extra sand to help weigh it down.I had some my Wilton 8” Vice claimed to it and I was trying to bend some metal.The stand tended to jump around a bit, then I added the sand and it was a bit better.I do wish that the stand was around 30lbs heavier, so it didn't move around during projects.
These a great lightweight utility carabiners
I bought these poles to use on my 300 mile pilgrimage on the Camino de Santiago. I had used them a little before we left and they seemed to be fine. However, once the heavy duty walking kicked in they started to fall apart. I have just returned after been gone for 6 weeks and so my window of opportunity to return these poles has gone. If you plan to do more than just weekend hiking - these poles are not for you! THE COMPANY SENT ME A BRAND NEW SET - I THANK THEM FOR THAT.
I bought these for my kids birthday party and he just loved them. They're not that sturdy though and basically only lasted through the party.
Fits perfectly in my Motor home
Great game... I have this classic on my laptop with actual old cd disks but this is a great way to tote this classic with me. It's easy to mod this game some mods don't work but it's great regardless. I love it. It's interface is a bit clunky and I have to use my phone's stylus to walk around the game environment but overall...it is a decent port and fun to play.
I love the gameplay, but where are the flags that are in real football? To make things more intense, update the game and add flag penalties to cut yardage of teams. Anything but that, love the game!!! This game is a masterpiece and will never be deleted!!!
It's very fun! BUT it crashes on me A LOT. So please fix this error on kindle fire if you can!
For the price these are great. More lightweighted than I expected though. Since I bought these for kids I think they will meet my expectations. Great for a camping trip!
5 stars if you put what it is for on the plan when you send it
I bought these for a trip to Mexico where I knew I would be doing snorkel excursions and I am very glad I did. To go from the standard mask/snorkel to this one is a total game changer. Water does not come into the snorkel or mask at all, and creating a sense of security and easy breathing. You can dive underwater and water does not enter at all, making it nice to swim underwater with. Because of the size of the mask, there is quite a bit of air in the mask so keep that in mind when diving as it creates buoyancy. I am deducting 1 star only because there is a angle in the mask that distorts your peripheral vision, so if somebody is swimming next to you, you don't actually see that person. But for the price, ease of use, and travel bag that comes with the mask, it's a great deal and a solid purchase.
This app/game is pretty neat! Very easy to use, I figured it out within 5-10 minutes, which is a record for me. 😂 I recommend this for ages 7 and up. 4 stars for me
index finger and thumb not heated
I bought this to use instead of a backpack-style hydration pack, looking to get rid of the backpack. This does that PERFECTLY. The weight is down around your waist instead of on your shoulders, and you don't have a backpack preventing air from cooling your back. Yay! Now, the less-good. First, this can't hold as much water as a backpack. If you do extra-long rides, this may not be for you. But, with a full bladder and some tools, this can really sag down off of your back, and if your seat is dropped, this can rub on your rear tire. Also, because the hose has to drape behind you, this is NOT something you can take a sip from as you ride, you definitely have to stop. Also, the magnet is not terribly strong, more than once I've had the hose come loose, dangle, and smack on my tire as I was riding downhill. So... pluses and minuses. All in all, for me, the pluses still outweigh the minuses, and I still use it instead of my backpack. Your mileage may vary.
Great product overall, with good sizing. Perhaps I was a bit hard on the screwdrivers, because they started to chip when working on my computer. But overall, they got the job done.
Good Christmas movie. The two main characters have been paired together in another Christmas movie I liked. It is one that I will watch again next holiday season.
I have not used it but will update when I do. Just need to make time to inflate it. Only thing so far is the smell so I laid it flat open to air it out. It's bigger than what I expected, almost or if not like the size of a Twin Bed which will take up a lot of room in a small bedroom that already has a queen bed.
I'm satisfied with the Case it is a well made attractive case.
This is a really amazing movie. A must see for all believers.
Great light. A bit hard to keep them in place
It did for my bike pretty good.
Compact design, I'm able to hook up then put the scale under the trailer jack. Lifting the coupling up to release the weight from the ball, I'm then able to check the hitch weight and make any adjustments to stowage to increase or decrease the weight.
added to the main series
Bought as a gift. They liked it so I liked it too.
And comfortable. Nice after market upgrade.
. . . two people are needed to properly align the front wheel square to the handle bar. A simple notch would have made it easy to do and simple to hold forever.
For the price you can not get better . I was missing one socket from my Snap On set and was able to get this whole kit for the price of just one . This is not used in a high tork Application and has held up just fine . Would buy agin and recommend this kit .
Interesting to play.
Fantastical variety, great physics engine ! Only wish it had planar reset to speed up when the orbital board gets offset.
Really cute fabric but very tight waist band. Too small for my grandchild who is 16 months old. For a very slender child.
I bought these hooks with the intention of hanging our bikes in the garage. Unfortunately, they were not long enough to reach the frame of the bikes. I'll probably still use them to hand yard tools.
Took it backpacking for the week and had plenty of space for both me and my dog. Comfortable and lightweight (for a double sleeping bag.)
Very nice product. The shaft spins easily inside the sheath. I would have preferred a shorter length, but...OK!
It works but it is awkward to adjust. It works for a man working security who isn't moving around much. If you plan on using it for hiking or other physical activity I wouldn't recommend this one because you'll be constantly adjusting it. It fits funny around the chin and the hood is too big. I also wish it didn't have a giant logo sewn on the side for all to see. Makes it look cheap. But whatever, it works.
Not heavy handed in gameplay. Quick to get the hang of. Can be quite complex for young kids.
Good utility screw driver
These leggings were amazing for this price point. Most have withstood weekly washing and drying with no pilling, wearing or holes. 3 are now starting to separate at the waist after a season. They are all extremely comfy and great for outdoor winter workouts. The waist stayed up and the shaping was great.
For what you are paying, this is simply an unbeatable freebie gift or stocking stuffer. Sure you could say the plastic holders don't operate smoothly, but seriously, this thing is an awesome novelty gift.
Still at level 5, having fun so far.
It was easy to carry around since it fits over your head and under your arm.
These are good when you go on vacation. I suggest poking holes and not cutting off the top as I think it goes down too quickly.
They look super cute but they feel kind of cheap, especially the pen.
Came as expected for our collection.
I loved these. They were perfect addition to my Halloween decorations. Do not put them on your walls they are so hard to get off.
Very easy set up. I've used this twice and love it. I'm using it alone and have plenty of room for me and all of my gear. Second time I used it for a week long music fest. Plenty of room for my guitar. I did have one friend say it was a bit short for them but I'm 5'2" and had lots of room to stretch out.
I plan to use this to travel to better terrain.
Really pretty! Heavy and intricate
Product is good and works perfectly. But the bottle I received is only like half full. It's already a small bottle so a little disappointed. Still using it because the product is great and didn't think it was worth the headache to send back.
I love it it is amazing game to play but after you lose you watch 2 to 3 adds so I'm with you guys
For year and half still playing hard for inside speakers only, I did match RMS with 4 Harmony speakers and separate amp for sub.
Not as comfortable as Shimano cycling shoes, but they are a great value.
Case came a little warped but besides that it was ok.
Good quality bit. Did not distort under moderate to heavy pressure. Very slippery; chrome and round bar design. Get a little oil on them and its like wrangling a wriggling fish
I have 2 other Maxxair fans and really like them. That's why I purchased another one.
yes it is loud. I am senior citizen. I buy it for safety reason. Keep it in home, when needed help it will help me....in emergency. Total satisfied. Highly recommended. This product help in robbery, house breaking, Burglary and many case.
works good in to my phone had no problems
I like music and Elton John.
worked OK, but more complicated than is necessary..
I am so impressed, I really like this! It's gonna be my perfect buddy in hiking and camps!
It does what it says it does. Has enough battery. The only problem I see is the noise it makes when you turn it on and things can get stuck where the fire turns on so be sure to clean it or not let anything touch in between that space. However its better than getting burned and throwing away plastic lighters
Bristles could be a little stiffer for stubborn cleaning.
I love the dry wax after I've straightened my hair for a smooth finish. However, after paying $30 you would not expect it to be delivered with a broken cap taped on!
Although is a 180 gram lp it has a surface noise on the right channel. Still it sounds good but the quality of the pressing could be better.
I had to pre-order and wait because they were sold out as soon as they became available. They are really comfortable and look nice. I wish waist band was more elastic. A few stitches were broke when I was trying to wear them.
These gloves are awesome. I work with my hands a lot and they last a good amount of time. I work with shrink wrap for pallets, and merchandise selection. They hold up under the pressure. There are other choices out there that I like a bit more, but this is well enough for the price.
Not bad for the cost. I did have to put a new edge on each of them, which I expected.
I like this as I have a medium size waist and I can make it fit just right
I used these in my sons nursery. They are cute and super easy to put up.
Works good. Had to cut some very high branches and got it done. Does tend to stick a little which takes some force to get loose but overall did a good job.
Not super high quality. Good for China-made on a budget. But it is lightweight, easy to install, nice flat, stable seat. Not worth $100 imo but it does the job.
This is what you would expect for small paint rollers.
I prefer the dial type of adjuster much better for adjusting head sizes.
I would like to upgrade, to a yearly subscription next month. I didn't know how to upgrade? Andre"
I love this bra! I wear a 36 D typically, and was sceptical this wouldn't work for me, but it is perfect. Super comfortable and flattering. I don't know how well it will hold up to washings, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
I'm brand new to skating and didn't want to spend a large amount of money on the essentials. This bag is plenty big enough for my size 11 women skates plus a hockey jersey and more. The extra middle large pocket is super helpful. My two wishes- 1) were that the strap be better placed (feels slightly awkward) and 2) that there was a mesh holder for a water bottle or something on the outside. Overall- i'm Glad I bought the bag. It's come in handy!
These at so cute and comfortable, however , I will note they are a little big in the heel, so if you have a narrow heel I would choose a different shoe. They are very light and stable I really like them. I had trouble with the clips I bought, but once I put my old clips on these shoes I really like them.
Very good. Not much to say. We Will see hiw long it lasts in the winter.
One of our favorite brit shows but was unaware the DVDs were region 2 Europe not American region 1 and would not work in our dvd player, didn't even know there were different regions. Purchased region free player and looking forward to watching and laughing out loud.
Exactly as described! Works great only negative is it's easily scratched.
I like this, it's easy to assemble. Super easy. Disassembling... not so much! The instructions are not exactly in English, so it's a bit confusing. It's smaller than I'd like, can't comfortably fit chairs inside. It cleans up pretty well (sprayed with a hose), and if you can figure out how it folds into itself and into the carry bag, it's pretty lightweight. I wish we still had it so I could give a more comprehensive review, but American Airlines lost our suitcase and when it returned it was filled with mold. This was unfortunately beyond saving, so for a 1 time use, I still enjoyed it. If I had to do it again, i probably would, and if I could find this in a slightly larger size, I'd be very pleased.
brought these for my son to go on his first camping trip. Easy to use
I ordered and XL and got what the package said was a 3X. The color is not what it looked like (It's light blue not royal blue). I need to lose some weight and maybe it'll fit better. I would recommend it to ppl.
I used this for about 6 months. Fairly expensive, for what it is. Cleans adequately, and I feel like it doesn't disrupt moisture balance. Smells like Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, but you get used to it.
Great for use when short socket won't work and deepwell is too long. Unfortunately, they are a touch longer than desireable. Should be half way in length between regular and deep well sockets. Instead 3/4 length of deepwell. Because of this, 4 out of 5 stars.
Just right height for tent next to large canvas cot. Lightweight.
Haven't used this product as I am waiting for my trip to Hawaii on April 9th. I am sure I will like it as much as the Crepe Erase for the face and body an also the Crepe Erase face scrub.
it good to keep fresh air but just short period of time
The quick set up is awesome. Floor dimension is smaller than expected.
Good product at a good price
These are nice cotton gowns with flippable mittens. These run a little large for a newborn. My son was 9 pounds and the sleeves and torso were a little loose. They say 0-6 months and that is an accurate size. They are cozy and wash up nicely.
Excellent customer service. I received a defective set that stopped functioning after riding in the rain. And they promptly sent me a new set. The only thing keeping it from five stars is the brightness. But it will definitely keep you visible to cars, and that's all I needed it for.
It's a large size microfiber sheet. I would not call it a beach towel but it could be used to cover the lounge chair at the pool. It is absorbent, and it takes no room compared to a conventional towel so if you want to dry off with it, it'll do the job. Four stars for ambiguity.
This was exactly what I was looking for.
Very comfy. I like them best with the extra memory foam insoles in, but unfortunately I can't keep the insoles from working thier way up the sides on my heals throughout the day, so have just taken the extra insoles out. They are just slightly smaller than the inside of boot so I think that is why they move around so much. Still happy with them for the price. Fit as expected.
Never used mine but used another. Loved it and worked great
Good game but don't like losing lives and it's for girls and I'm not gay.
This fanny pack is a beautiful color and the strap is definitely long enough (I have a 42 inch waist) and the strap has room to spare. I do have enough room for most of my essentials, but I can't give it 5 stars, because it didn't have as much room as I had hoped for. It did arrive right on time, if not earlier than expected and the seller was willing to back up their product. I am going to keep this fanny pack because I really like the color. There really aren't too many pretty green fanny packs out there.
I watch this when it first came out when I was still a kid Enjoy it then and still enjoy it now actually owning it on blu ray now is it a plus can go back and watch it whenever I want instead of just waiting for cable channels or broadcast networks to show it over Halloween
Lots of room to pack lunches for 12 hour shifts. Would be nicer if it had more pockets though.
A terrific time pass it you can't make it to Vegas!
Great light love the different setting it does get a little warm after a while
Some good, others terrible
It's what I expected. Small and I attached it to my keychain. the carabiner is weak, but not an issue.
replacement wheels. works great.
I had no problem with the fit, comfort, and very dependable snorkel set.
Blades did not last long
Good product but the hood is definitely made for someone with an abnormally large head.
Fun, but some of the word associations are a little far fetched.
So far it is one of the better cooking games I have played
Great item just as most say. I like it.
We recently had the occasion to use this purchase and it worked out very well. Very easy to pack up for use when ready, didn't take up very much space in our bags. Also, served the purpose for protecting us from the rain.
A little bit bigger then in the picture but works great
Not allowed a big machine but needed something rather than spending money at the laundromat. It's a little funky because you need to rinse it a few times before all the soap is out of the machine. It's added about 10 dollars more on my energy bill but for the small everyday use things like napkins, table cloths and basic cloths it's great. We never think of the medications that are sweated into one's clothes until we keep having chemical reactions..
I would've gave 5 stars if it had horizontal keystone or manual adjusting.
I enjoyed this game but not as much as all the others in this series. I think it was because of the storyline. But here I am, playing it once again. ;-)
They work great but they are not as bright as I had hoped.
This works nice! Tough to get back in that tiny bag though.
Not as glare free as I had hoped but a improvement over the polarized ones I had before.
Pocket configuration is a little weird in comparison to the swiss gear packs I am used to. A little lacking on some of the storage.
Tried a few different kinds of breakfast burritos. These are tasty. Good smooth texture and taste
We used the ponchos for our Disney trip. they worked out well.
Challenging and fun. Makes you tho I !
Only lost a star because the hose is hard to convert to adapt a filter.
Nice size. A bit awkward when full but fairly comfy. Good for an hour or two hike. Easy to fill. Nice space in pockets
I love the show but this review is mostly about the DVD set purchase. I've bought all 4 seasons in DVD and I haven't had any issues up until this one. The second to last disc, I can't play one of the episodes, it freezes and keeps blacking out. I've taken the disc out and cleaned it with no change. Kinda disappointed I can't finish this episode
The large display makes the numbers easy to read while biking and it provides a good range of different statistics that I can use to compare my rides.
Got the biggest size possible and my walking/running shoes make for a snug fit, mainly in the back. There's insufficient slack in the back also stretching will happen, my pair have yet to develop tears so far. They do a decent job against water so far. Updating in a month.
I use this product on s toyota tundra. I liked but came s little rusted.
These are Christmas presents for my almost 2 year old twins. I ordered early to make sure I had time to return in case they arrived in unacceptable condition. I knew my kods would want to ride these right away and I did not want to be stuck with some of the cosmetic issues other reviewers had. There are definitely some quality control issues with these bikes. Each one had small paint chips on the frame near the wheels. Also, one had what looks like metal flakes that had stuck to the frame and then been painted over. A bit of a bummer but I all of these flaws were small and in less noticeable areas of the frame. However, the design is fantastic, the price is great, and I think my kids will really enjoy these.
Spoiler Alert. I love the bond that the Fisher siblings have with each other during times of trouble. This season is initially very dark, as Nate comes to grips with losing Lisa. On the lighter side, Ruth throws herself at yet another man. The fact that she was married and pregnant at 19 explains much of that, so you can't help but forgive her. In many ways, Claire and her mother start mirroring each other's loneliness, even appreciating what the other has endured. The wedding scene was genius, as was the family bonfire. The antagonist relationship between Arthur and George is a good time, and this season definitely has a few more comic moments than the others. Keith and David are a redundant bore, per usual. The kissing noises between Brenda and her bizarre boyfriend are just too much! Another reviewer also mentioned the noises made while characters eat. It is truly nauseating!!! It is for these reasons, as well as Claire's freaky art world, that I give this season 4 stars. There is some closure as to what happened to Lisa, although it's still vague. The good news is, this development allows Nate to see Lisa for what she truly was, and permits him the freedom to move forward. Great season!
The quality and concept of this product is excellent. So much better than the dial ones, cleaner and less awkward to use. The only difficulty I have is the length the bar extends can be a little can be dangerous when doing skull crushers.
do not really like any of the programs
Works well. The cord is sturdy and reliable, and installation is very simple and self-explanatory.
Addictive game! Great graphics.
These things are great! They're easy to install because each gripper has 'RUG' on one side and 'FLOOR' on the other. Helps you to not screw up sticking it to the wrong side. They flattened out a corner of a big area rug instantly. My only concern is, that if/when I need to move the rug, they appear to stick too well to the floor and I worry about taking up some of the finish on my floor. Otherwise, they're pretty awesome!
Good movie with great special effects, I have a 3D TV and definitely recommend this version for owners of similar TVs. As I recall, it won best picture at the Oscars.
thanks ,it is fun to watch (again)
Helps with the commute so much. Only down side is it is it can get pretty hot and leave you with a sweat beard.
I like this game a lot it hardly ever freezes while your playing like other games do and the graphics are good the story line is alright to so overall it's a great game and I see myself playing it for a long time.
At first this product didn't seem appealing at all. It feels very greasy when you put it on your skin and it does not smell good. I found that if I wear it at night while I'm sleeping, it is much more tolerable. I have been using it on my feet at night and it has really softened my heels. It doesn't take much for it too work. I am looking forward to using it for DIY projects. This product doesn't give off the best first impression but it really does work as a moisturizer. A little goes a long way with this product so this sized jar should last a long time.
AS DESCRIBED, NEW PACKAGING. LOVE THIS MOVIE
heavy duty gear. easy to install and remove and easy height adjustment. I like the extra support but there is too much behind the fence making a few inches useless. they should move the screw holes on the top making the whole support in front of the fence. that would be 5 stars
haven't read it yet.
This game is fun and not crazy difficult but not super easy either!
Worked to cut plywood
One of the Best. I'm able to add different locations of shopping and check off items as I go. Easy to use.
I've been using this for a few months now along with my ret A. Gets rid of flaky skin and make up goes on well. To pricey, though.
It works as advertised and is comfortable in my hand
very good film, but fell short of great.
These helped with keeping my feet warm. I didn't feel like the top of my toes were as warm as the bottom of my toes/feet. It would be great if they would wrap the warmer a few more times around the toe part. They don't get super warm but they do help.
Very good flavor and nutritious.
We used it last weekend and the Tent did great, with a queen size air deep air mattress the tent fills up pretty quick but it still fit what we needed. We had a good amount of rain day two and did not have a drop of water in the tent. The dark rest is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars the spray or how ever it's applied is even so there are a lot of dark and light spots, as well as these little rounds spot where there is no shading. It still stayed dark enough that we slept comfortably in the some what shade till about 8am.
I wish they made these in an even smaller size for dogs under 10 pounds. Also, it would be easier for me to give them as a pill instead of a soft chew. Not all my dogs will eat them. However, the ones that like them eat the chew without a problem. I just have to cut it in half for the proper dose.
good tool for the price
It is an excellent light. I am an automotive technician and this light comes in handy all the time. On mine, two of the LEDs did not work out of the box but that was a simple fix. The reason it's not getting 5 stars is because the rubber power button doesn't hold up to oils. Mine got very swollen and fell apart, allowing debris, oils, and shop chemicals to get into the circuitry rendering it useless. Mine lasted 6 months. I'm going to buy again but I wish they would use a chemical resistant material for the power button.
Not much to it , but it works well. You can watch the news live if you catch it at the right time. If not you can watch the last broadcast recording. There are also clips of recent stories.
Overall, I really like this. The lid is a bit tricky. If your in a hurry it's hard to put it on exactly right where it creates a good seal. But if you don't mind that, it's a great cup.
we used this cooler for a trip, we put water bottles, juice, little things in it, worked great!!!
Nice tool. Just what I needed
Works as expected. Only complain is the USB C port does not work on two sides.
Despite receiving it with some chipped metal coating and uncoated areas (hopefully it doesn't rust), the basket fit's my mtn bike really well and the collapsing/expanding functions work as supposed to! Love it, and what it allows me to carry, have even done food and grocery runs...a large size reusable grocery bag (aka paid for bags w/canvas handles) filled to the very top &sides w/very heavy groceries slipped into this metal basket very nicely and securely with the addition of attaching a bungie over the bag and secured to both sides of the basket (see photo)! :-)
Warwick Davis isn't the Leprechaun in this film but his replacement isn't all that bad! It was much better than the other reviews led me to believe and it's worthy of a place beside the box set I got a few years back. Just don't go thinking you're getting a Leprechaun reboot that's as memorable as the originals or you'll be upset.
Nice gloves, wish forefinger and thumb were longer.
I really liked the fit and the sturdiness of this product!
Wanted a small volume bottle to carry in a jacket pocket on walks or skiing. Wanted something not rigid. This works well - pliable silicone-type material. So far very leak-proof, including drinking spout. Wide mouth makes filling/cleaning easy, but is also just a tad big when in the pocket. Works well for my needs.
I am not too sure the design is much better than the regular PaperWhite. Plus it took a long time to fulfill. It met its expected delivery date. But still, I was without an ereader for longer than I wanted.
Just what I was looking for!
So far so good. It took a bit of doing to set up alone, but it is possible. I like the size. We'll see how it does later this year when it goes camping! I've set it up in the backyard as s test run. ;)
Nice basic oxford shirt. Decently made and at the price you can't go wrong.
Better than the one I got from Sears store
It's shorter and wider than others in a good way. Not obnoxious and doesn't bounce around the water bottle openings on machines. 2 small improvements would make it perfect - the lock should be off center and open diagonally. It sticks up a bit and you will hit your chin if running while drinking (see photo), and the strap is material and doesn't come off, so it will be wet after rinsing or washing. Also great perk that it comes with extra seal. I wanted a new bottle because a lot of them have silicone seals you can't remove and they get mildew underneath with no way to get it clean. This bottle has a simple band and plug system so easy to clean.
First, hats off to Amazon for the amazing customer service. I had an issue with the order and the quickly and promptly took care of it, and went above and beyond to satisfy me. The perfume isn't all that it was hyped up to be. It smells good, but not great. It is very similar to Invictus (which I am not a fan of), but with its own twist (some sort of citrus to it I guess...). It is a bit too strong when you first apply it, and can be offensive if you put too much on. Lightly spray and give it some time to settle before you mingle with people.
Great for my daughter
I have tried this before and really like how it keeps my snorkel mask from fogging.
love the built in seat pads.
Good for outdoor activities
Gets hot, stays warm for hours. Only complaint is when against bare skin (i.e. the back of your hand if you stick these in your gloves) it was too unbearably hot, so keep a layer in between. Great in your shoes!
Taking one star off due to the funky taste that lasts a couple dozen refills. Other than that, I love it. Now that I'm past the weird plasticky taste, I get exceptionally clean tasting water without a hint of chlorine or any off flavors. I haven't tested it out with pond water yet though, so I can't speak to the survival aspect.
More or less a necessary evil that I've been using for years and have fairly well learned its ins and outs. Very time consuming to do anything like a complicated filing, particularly if you're not very well organized ahead of time. I've never learned to use the "shoe box" function. To be effective, there should be a way to use the function in the previous year's version and have what you've entered during the current tax year carry over. The State program portion is not well done or as comprehensive as it should be, however. Deduction Pro that is included is a big help, but you must "read between the lines" a lot to fit your items into the categories listed.
The strap is a little awkward and the bag doesn't stand up well... but for the price, it does its job.
Product has potential to be a five star product. The only issue was the stitching along the main zipper started coming off immediately after the first use. Overall satisfied.
Motley Crue rocks! That cover of Madonna's song should not have been made, let alone released. Deducted 1 star for Virgin.
for your down days, good! lol
They do their job and hold up well.
I bought these hoping to not burn my lips on hot stainless steel camp coffee mug - they work great - good fit on mug lip, stays where you put it, somewhat affordable, and makes camping a little more enjoyable The con is that after my purchase, I bought a titanium cup and, since titanium doesn't hold heat the way stainless does, the cup is not hot enough to need this item and I don't really use them anymore If you're thinking about a titanium cup purchase, you might wanna rethink buying this item
The size was good for two and for camping
soft and comfy yet stylish enough for girls. warm yet not bulky
Great fleece! Wish it was a tad longer for people with longer torsos, but still like it. I'm 5' 1" 123lbs and ordered a small.
These are good tasting not a very big packets for the price taste like a good plain potato chip
Looked great. Made with durable materials so no rips.
The noise level is acceptable.
Enjoyable but challenging.
Very bright and small flashlights, highly recommended!
My husband loves it! It is thick and great quality.
Overall, a good alternative to a Dremel at a much lower cost, seems to hold up to rather aggressive use in my case, and haven't had any issues with it overheating in my time with it! My only issue with it is the storage solution provided is literally setting the tool into the cavity below the tool tray, which gives it room to move around and shift/slam into the sides. If not aligned underneath the tray correctly, it's impossible to close. Wish it was a little more elegant than that, but honestly, for this price you can't complain!
Amazing light output for it's size. There may be issues with the switch module that screws into the body of the flashlight. First unit I got the switch did not work. The replacement unit had intermittent issues with the contact between switch and battery modules.. Cleaned the contact point and it works well now.
The glasses are nice looking but the frame broke with little use just wearing them. The seller replaced quickly so excellent customer service.
Doesn't go as far as my expensive ones but a great back up for me as a claims adjuster.
Well made, but thought it would be of thicker fleece. Could have ordered the double one but thought this would be sufficient (which it pretty much is) for S. Florida cold spells.
I always get to protective my stuff past the standard warranty
It was a gift so they don't have it yet
I liked this movie which is based on the great "Christmas Carol." This movies is a additional part of all the versions of "A Christmas Carol" which I have collected.
Great game. Wish there were more weapon options.
Nice look, seems to be a good drill.
I'm keeping the coat, but it could be better, and for The North Face, it should be!
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He has used it extensively while camping. It is very durable and has withstood rain and light snow with no problem. The material is very durable.
This season was here on time and was worth the money to keep me from boredom
The blade moves a bit when you use it, but other than that it works great.
Somewhat large. A little difficult to handle when filled with yard waste.
Interesting story line, difficult clues, definitely a fun mind challenge with good graphics.
It looks great on babe, colors are vibrant. I just wish it had a pocket
The one I received is a new design. Feet are attached and bag is bigger. All in all a good portable chair.
Love the jacket, Purchased one for my wife also, will wear on London trip in November
Would have given 5 stars if I didn't have to reload the app after each episode. If you watch an episode and let it automatically start the next episode you get a blue buffering wheel in the middle of the screen that does not go away until you completely shutdown the app and restart it.
Just received our two chairs. Like them so far, but one came with a rip in the fabric.
It's light and seems durable. Install was reasonably easy. After several indoor rides and one outdoor ride on rough pavement, I'm quite pleased. The bar is comfortable to hold and seems to provide a little bit of ride damping. All that remains to be seen is long-term durability.
If you want the four cosmetic armors and digital content that came with the Legion of Dawn Edition then this is an easy way to get it. A code is delivered immediately in an email and through your amazon account, and you just input it in to you PS4 or through the app.
Nice knife just the right size for pocket EDC. Takes and keeps a keen edge. Assist spring could be stronger.
More a hard blues rock album than anything, Laura Cox has the chops and the looks to go far, plus her band is real hot! BUY THIS!!!!
I really enjoyed watching the first couple of seasons of this show. Unique. The novelty wore off a bit because I didn't enjoy these seasons as much, nor the changes they made to the clubhouse.
Product received matches description. I use this on hot Arizona bike rides. Mouth piece works well. First drink warms quickly and has a slight plastic taste. Will likely buy a second one.
These socks feel great but the colors are much more dull than in the pictures.
I like the quality of the product and I would like to have more scents ! Why only one ???
I ordered this for baseball for my HS son to get the full back protection. I cut out the shoulder pads so it wouldn't be too bulky. Worked like a dream so far. Two hit by pitches in the back and no pain. I had to order one size up because it ran small even for a compression shirt.
was a gift and the person totally loved it
I adore this spray for my extremely long hair. It helps me get the comb through it after I shower and it gives it moisture when it is dry and frizzy. I just have to be careful that the oils don't get too close to my face!
I use these poles for hiking - which I do a lot of. My first pair lasted for several months until one pole snapped (overused, perhaps?). I ordered a second pair, which I've used three times at this writing. I've had to tighten the screws only once while hiking so that the pole wouldn't collapse. I especially find the cork handles to be very comfortable, even when my hands are sweating. I like these poles for my use and would recommend them.
Good quality and a great price. They have held up well to constant washing and are super cute.
Use these for odd jobs and as liners for flex gloves and leather gloves.
Easy to install in minutes!
Great set for the price. The screwdriver is not and will not magnetize so you are left fishing for screws and other hardware. Again ... will not magnetize. Also makes it hard when all of the driver and extensions used will not stay together.
Worked as advertised! So far so good just installed speedometer. My intention was to install the sensor device on the rear so I could use my indoor bike stand trainer and measure the distance while indoors training, but the signal strength is about 23" I'm about three to five inches short, do to signal limitations.
Haven't used em yet, but they look like they can do the job.
Enjoyable puzzles that could be improved if incorrect letters entered were shown in a different color.
Hard to find, but good deals
I bought this to factory reset my computer after one of the kids set and forgot an admin password. Did exactly what I needed it to. Thank you.
Very nice size. Holds a lot of gear. I will take it as carryon on my next flight.
My end table is metal, so the magnet works great, especially when my wife goes to sleep and I have to turn off my bedside lamp. Yet to be used for work projects.
Smells great, a little bit irritating to my skin but not my family's.
Very sturdy construction.
Good tool to have. Works well. Rough finish of surface.
This is a great dvd to familiarize little ones with the idea of the potty. My daughter loves Elmo so this was an instant hit. The songs were great too. My only issue with it was that it was a little long for my 2 year old to watch from start to finish.
item was exactly what I was expecting
I've only used it once so far and set up definitely takes some tweaking. I got working joints from it but they weren't full depth cuts because I couldn't get it adjusted just right.
I do love Netflix as much as Prime Movies because they have so many shows to choose from. Plus they bring in new Releases all the time. I don't need any other providers like HBO, Showtime, Red Box, Vudu, etc. Hubby and I are totally satisfied and happy with Netflix.
Works good ,runs in the background, third year I have bought it with only one problem I can not solve. It seems to knock my wireless HP all in one printer offline after a scan. I have to re load the HP disk to get back on wireless printing.
I'm giving the product 4 stars because it's not very end heavy. It's fairly balanced in the middle which isn't what i was hoping for. Threads, connection, and build seem quality though. The way it's built seems like it would calm vibration well, but my Mission MXR doesn't vibrate, or jump much as it is.
Sent with emergency care kits sent to disaster areas
Went through quite a few of these on my deck project.
Makes the hair feel refreshed!!! Really like this product. Only use if your locks are settled in.....
Woof woof. Works great And better quality than. Pedi paws.
The app is working fine till now. The videos are good
Identical to original. A bit of a pain to install, but that is not the problem with the product but the design of the trike. Looks good. I would buy this product again if it becomes necessary
It arrived safely in good condition.
It seems pretty good, I bought it for my younger brother and he seems to like it.
Works well and looks good.
I like it. I like the detailed steps.
Don't buy for mowing! They allow in some small grass which irritated my eyes. But these are solid safety goggles for the shop and around the house.
Easy set up, looks nice.
as expected. works well on my windows 10 surface pro . after install go to control panel - programs and features - run programs made for previous versions of windows - select suggested settings.
Work great and fits well.
Perfect, but expensive for what it is.
Kicking butt and taking names
Good song. Good digital copy no issues
Super cute - bought it for a baby shower and it's adorable how it winks when you open it. There's nowhere to write notes or anything, so you will still need a separate card. My amazon card wasn't well attached to its side. It fell out when I opened it the first time, but I just taped it back. It wasn't a huge deal. Cute and looks like the pictures.
Had some things that didn't work, but others were amazing my kid is super into out doors I would say this it the best first survival kit to get your child to get them started.
I would buy these again but - the release clips are slightly off so they can be difficult to remove from your Ryobi Tool. Cost makes them worth the inconvenience
Best if baked. My kids really like these and enjoy that it's an item they can prepare on their own! Yay for independence! Can be microwaved or put in oven/toaster oven.
Looks very nice when up but it was difficult getting some of the letters to come off the paper.
Great way to pass the time.
It's good. I didn't like it as much as I thought it would, but the quality is really nice. The base is too big to fit in the cup holder of my car, so I mostly use it at home. The straw is oddly wide, but I guess that'd be great for smoothies. It's nice for the price though
great to have clean water....especially working in a machine shop. Clean and cool....The price wasn't too bad, especially with Prime shopping
too bad he went to jail.
Be careful with sizing. I ordered a size up and they were way too big. They are constructed of thin materials but seem very warm.
My first nice projector. 2800 lumens makes the projection work pretty well even in the daytime. Speaker is good enough thus not necessary to connect with external speakers. Very beautiful pure white color. We use it for home entertainment, perfect for kids to have a party or a home movie to pretend in the theater. Easy to connect with my phone, ipad, laptop and portable DVD player, very compatible. Worth buy.
Reliable and inexpensive, I like it for climbing as it collapses as I drink
I go to many customer locations over a large area. With this unit, I save them as a favorite and can always get there as fast as possible. I use my phone a lot so I don't want to use my phone. Besides, the separate GPS unit does the job more efficiently. But Garmin has made it so transferring favorites is easy with their Express but it only does a partial job. I'm having to re-enter a number of customers. Also, volume is not as loud as my model 50. Otherwise, it's just getting used to different placement of icons. And why did you change favorites to a heart?
idea was good, execution of the idea was bad. Very small area for it to "hit the contacts" for it to charge. Other than that, its a dock! what can I say. its at a good angle to see and it does indeed charge fine. but I think a little more thought could have been used in the design. Above was the original review. I've update the review one star because I finally noticed that the stand has magnets that help you find "the sweet spot" to place the tablet in the right position for charging! Which was my biggest gripe! I still think it's a bit pricey but it does what it's supposed to do.
Super cute and comfortable. I normally wear a 6.5 or 7 and a 7 fits fine. I was hoping they would have a hard bottom but should be ok to wear to the store. In the end its a piece of foam with a fuzzy strap, so 25$ seems a bit much, but overall im satisfied
This product is an absolute lifesaver for running around the city in the rain with a backpack full of paper and electronics. It fits over both my hiking style daypack and my Herschel heritage bag (provided it's pretty full). The one thing is I wish it had some kind of strap around the top of the bag to keep it in place, or even just a hole through which I could attach a carabiner to fasten it to the top handle of my backpack. It tends to ride down which, in addition to being unattractive and annoying, leaves the top of my bag to get soaked
Good training wheels
Fun game. Makes you think.
Very happy with this system. Would have give 5 stars if I could've figured out how to keep my combined modem/router. Switched over to separate modem and this Wi-Fi system is awesome!
I bought this to replace the OEM lock that came with my Yakima rack. It works as expected. With that said, it is at best a deterrent against the casual thief. It can be knocked or pried off with a hammer or crow bar.
It works great have no issues at all and very easy to install
Overall, the machine is good. Looks stylish and tastes great. The goods: Water tastes great. Makes you want to drink more water everyday. Compact sizing and stylish. Hand free dispensing. The Bads: Water speed is not that fast. Cold water is not cold enough, no options to decrease the temp. Size buttons are useless, the biggest size barely fill half a cup. I end up only using manual dispensing. Pet Peeve: The gap height to fill water is not high enough. I cannot fit any bottles inside, only cups.
This thing is super handy. Its not too big not too small, fits in the hand nicely, and is easy to manipulate with just one hand. It's metallic body is nice, i've used all plastic units in the past and they have a tendency to get warm or disfigured. The tip on this unit is plastic which is somewhat disappointing but i've noticed it can withstand limited direct heat from the iron with no issue. The suction power is decent, its no vacuum but if you get your joint thoroughly liquified it will pull up most of the solder in one shot. I have not tried using the wick it comes with, that's kind of why I bought the sucker ha! For the light to moderate home user I'd recommend it, not a bad unit to have around.
I love the convenience of having a seat for my 4 year old where he can sit and scoot his way around or he can just so I can pull him along. It's a nice feature. He loves the lights and it was a smooth easy ride.
Love the quality of the product. A little on the heavy side but the locking spinning grip is nice. Two 1/4” Drive adapters is nice too. I would have given it a 5 Star rating but I had to get it out of the package.
Great price used it very little so far tried a couple of times
It's a great app but the buttons don't always fit in amazon/Kindle fire tablets and I hope for an update where we can control the boob size instead of having costumes control the boob size
My kids are rough on bike bells so with this one the rubber shark ripped off the metal bell base within the first couple weeks.
I like this light a lot. It's small, light in weight, the different modes come in handy at work. It took a few to get used to how the different modes operate but after the learning curve its easy to use. The reason for 4 not 5 star is the battery life isn't bad but not what's advertised (thankfully work hands out free batteries). Another reason is the side tap feature is kind of annoying and not really needed its also probably the main reason the batteries get drained so fast when you're unaware its on. But if you're aware of that settings its not so bad. All in all great light I'd definitely recommend and buy again.
I love the S2, perfect pocket size. Got -1 star for the Sheath, the description says "Granite Gray with Leather Sheath" and I got the basic cordura fabric.
I like it; it works well for me.
adjustable angle on each blade of lights and very bright. At this time giving only 4 stars because it is brand new and I do not know how long they will actually last. I replaced some 4" fluorescent lights with these and much happier with the light. No warm up or flicker. If they last longer than 6 months I will buy more.
Lots of different sizes and shapes. Perfect pack for a welder but works for general construction also.
It's a good value for the price. I would like it to be a little stronger but those cost twice as much
The quality of this toy is excellent! Beautifully crafted. Definitely should have read the description better. Was expecting something similar in size to the original colorful plastic rings we all had as kids. This is MUCH smaller. Still a very nice piece.
Another great Star Trek reboot and the 3D quality is excellent.
Nice headlight! A must-buy for fishing! This headlamp free my hands and makes night fishing safe. Whats more, my pics are much better with the lights!
Super bright! It's a great tool to have in the house or car. The batteries last a while longer than expected. My husband will be happy to see one in his stocking :)
Good for the price, scratchy movement as expected.
Works well for the money
I have bought the same sand anchor 3 times, twice from Amazon, and once from Home Depot. I broke the first one after 2 years of use. I guess, the sun and elements do the number and it breaks from the handle. Having problems with built in umbrella screws, I decided to buy two more for both of my beach umbrella. The first one from Amazon was good and working the second one arrived damaged today, while still inside the packing. I am pretty sure this happened in the transit, as it came in a soft shipping bag and someone may placed heavy parcel on it. I will buy more.
I love the movie (except for the last 15 minutes) and there were a few added scenes, but not nearly enough. I'd also have liked some individual interviews with cast and producers instead of the group one that they did. BTS material is also really interesting and there wasn't nearly enough of it.
Just bought this for my wife and I to use for camping. Extra large bag fits great for me and my wife. I am 6'2” and my wife is 5'7” and is long enough for me. I do like the longer bottom bag for you to lay on like typical beds are set up. It is very light weight and easier to roll back up. We camped in temps as low as 30 degrees Fahrenheit. Even at around 40 degrees at night we used a blanket on top to keep us warmer. ( may be helpful if you like to be toasty warm when camping) that's my only reason for not giving it a 5 star review. We did not use the bags separately yet. Overall really like it so far. Having pillows included and a warranty on it as well is a good plus!
If youre a nerd, youll like it a lot
This stuff works very well. I have really bad issues with butt chafe and it works to stop it
A few scratches but still works
I would buy it again.
The product is great. Wahoo clipped in easily but it seemed a little heavy for my all carbon bike.
Great tent for a great price! We received our tent just in time to go camping over Memorial Day. It was easy to set up, never even looked at directions. Then came the rain, then more rain. This tent weathered the storm like a rock star! We stayed nice and dry even with a small river running underneath the tent! Only negative is I'm not sure how 8 people would fit. We had three cots and two large dog beds and were comfy.
This cap was way too small for our 7 yr old. It actually hurt her ears & pulled. I give it 4 stars because the company was quick to respond & resolve! I have purchased 2 adult sizes that both my daughter & I can use & they work great!! This cap would be perfect for a smaller child.
Very nice gloves. Work great on the phone. Form fitting, water proof and comfy.
This is the first band saw I have ordered from WEN and honestly I am very impressed. Not much assembly is required out of the box and I had it up and running within an hour or two. Slight adjustments were needed as are with any band saw. PRO: Price Features Power Size Low noise Lots of work space for a band saw this size. CON: The dust port could be designed a bit better to keep it more clean but this isn't much of an issue if you clean your tools regularly Miter gauge could be a little more accurate and has considerable play when sliding. Stick on measuring guide is slightly off, when mine was applied at the factory it was not set to zero so take care to make your own measurements and don't rely on built in ruler. In all I am very satisfied with this purchase and it feels solid and well built. I have used it many times since purchasing and look forward to ordering more WEN products
Not as durable as described. Bent on first use. Probably not good for a heavy duty job as I tried, could see it working for non heavy duty jobs. Not exactly satisfied but it is what it is.
It was exactly as described.
Bought this for my husband. He loves it. Uses a different charger than the other ones I've bought him so don't have to worry about the charger being used for something else. It's very bright even zooms in and out.
Fit ok, easy to install, quality satisfactory
I purchased specifically to put down roofing felt. It made the job so much easier. It jammed only a few times but I don't know if that was mechanical failure, the quality of the staples used, or just operator error. It holds about two lines of staples so reloading wasn't too much of an inconvenience when you are working alone but it was a small roof.
always liked the voice
Great way to use time waiting for the plane to land.
Sounds good to keep pedestrians aware of your coming, but car drivers can't hear unless windows are down.
Seems to be decent quality and certainly not bad for the price. I wouldn't attempt anything too heavy-duty but in the pinch this will get the job done. I doubt it's a great choice for a working professional, but good enough for a homeowner needing to make occasional cuts. Makes nice straight even cuts with the supplied blade.
The coating over the handles didnt last more than 3 months. Other than that they get the job done.
They are very comfortable and keep my hands really warm. The only downfall to them is the leather leaves little leather fragments all over your clothing etc... because they roll off of the gloves
Easy application. Recently Applied a second bottle after 3 weeks. It appears to be at least 75 % clearer.
Got this and really like the whole idea. I bought 3 of them for my friends and myself. Still wear them all the time, but the zipper broke on all 3 of them within a couple of weeks. Love this except for the zipper and they really need to do something about that.
Perfect for my 2 year old now I dont have to worry about him dropping the tablet when hea watching his cartoons. The only thing I will note is it's all rubber with no kind of support provided by anything other then the tablet itself. It just slides in and there is no door or anyway to close the side of the case. I worry over time that the case may become loose and not hold the tablet as snug. If this happens I will add to the review at that point
Product works fine, I just took one star off because the picture shows a 90 degree USB, and mine was a straight plug. Works, but would look better with the 90 degree plug.
Yes very nice good protection from crush ing anyone looking to protect their gear great investment
Seems like it's pretty solid. Took it out of the box and drilled 4 holes flawlessly.
Great cover for a younger child.
good programming, would be five stars but I have to wait a week after the show airs.
Good set, for the money. Add newspaper or something, because the bolts will fall out of their dedicated place.
Fun so far. Could use better graphics.
Reprint of Metallica's 4th studio album; and the first album without their talented composer; Cliff Burton. However there is still some Cliff in there.
I was hesitant purchasing another reel from Kastking because of a past experience that they fixed. So far the mega jaws casts very smoothly and feel great in my palm. It's very light and I can use it all day without fatigue at the end of the day. So far I'd say it's worth the money!
Delivery was fast and they are prompt in contacting to make sure the transaction was satisfactory. It is a Christmas gift, so I have not opened it or tested it yet.
The blades are pretty cheap and dull, but the tips are pointy enough. For how inexpensive this is, it's not a bad deal.
A must thing to have in your collection. Very useful
i ordered these for around the house and i'm glad i did cause when we lose power these help so much they light the hole room without having to use more then one light
They look great on my 2019 Mustang Ecoboost
Very useful for camping
Good game but noticed a pattern most of the words are usually the same in just about every puzzle, i didn't pay for new levels and not sure why people are saying that not once dix i have to put money into the game and as for the ads you don't have to be connected to the internet to play and you won't have to deal with the ads.
Works great, not over powering smell, septic safe
Great keeping little one busy
HAVENT USED THE PRODUCT SINCE THIS IS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY KIDS, BUT WILL WRITE A REVIEW AFTER IT IS USED
Lovely game glad that some time limits have changed but still takes way to long to build and destroy stuff
These blades are a lot bigger than the blades that came with my Dremel Multi-Max (see picture). They have elongated mounting holes, I suppose so they will fit various brands of oscillating saws. The blade fits the Dremel tool on the very inside of the holes. The blades appear to be very robust.
Easy to make and pretty good taste. I thought it benefited by adding some leftovers to provide some interest. I will probably buy again.
Item is designed nicely just don't have clear explanation of functions to how to program the display for the right parameters. I have twice accidentally found secondary screen to input parameters but now cannot find it. If you know a youtube video or an how to use link for this item i would really appreciated.
This band is absolutely beautiful.The picture barely does it justice. So far the metal seems to be of good quality; no green wrists. I wear this band for going out. I do not wear it during exercise or sleep. I did sleep with it on once, it was not comfortable. So I only use the silicone bands for sleep. I haven't even attempted to wear it during exercise. It is heavy and sweat would likely make it even more difficult to keep it in the right location on the wrist. The only downfall is that it is heavy, and tends to slide down the wrist. For a normal watch/bracelet, this wouldn't bother me, but with the heart-rate monitor, it could affect accuracy.
I wish it had a strap to hold the case together but other than that I love it.
Installation is a little tricky. Helps to have two people so that someone can hold the bike in a level position while you mark the spots for the tire shelves. Improvements would be: larger tire shelves (longer and deeper), better mounting hardware. The included hardware is ONLY for mounting in studs or concrete block. If you're mounting in drywall you will need to come up with your own hardware. Also, some pedals that have the cage might not fit well into the pedal holder. One of my bikes had this issue. It still works but you've got to be careful locking the pedal in place.
Yes, they do. Most important, unlike our previous feeder, which had contrasting yellow "blossoms" at each feeding port that tended to fall out, leaving a hole that was large enough to allow yellow jackets to crawl in and drown, the base of this one is a solid one-piece affair that should keep the stingers from their suicide attempts in the future. :-{)}
Product was easy to assemble and looks like it will work wonderfully. I will not get to try it out till next week camping so I hope it works as well as it looks.
well packaged and mostly English
There's definitely more to this band than meets the eye. Overloaded with talent, this CD pretty much melts your face off with guitar solos and drum riffs. The album is not exactly perfect as the songwriting does leave a bit to be desired at times. There are some songs that sound rather formulaic due to a shortage of inspiration. However, the album is still a great listen. It's oozing with talent and energy that makes it completely rock and a really fun listen.
I love playing this game. It's a fun way to review Bible verses. It's designed a lot like the Angry Birds games, which I like. It has soothing background music, too. The only issue I have is that the game gets stuck sometimes and doesn't recognize that you have finished the verse. Other than that, great game!
Solid tool. Great to have for stubborn cv axels.
This product is the only one I'll use for my dentures. They come out fresh and clean. I recommend it.
I got this and I don't know how to use it there was no paperwork with it telling how to use the damn thing
Glove is quality with exception of the closure flap. there is minimal Velcro to hold the flaps to glove. Also lining up the Velcro needed to fit the glove to my hand is minimal to none. I suspect I will have issue with this flap being secured once the Velcro gets some use.
I like playing very much...except the timed ones! They're not relaxing!😊
Initially Flashlight completely stopped working after 2 weeks. Cree saw my original review and send me a new flashlight. I just charged the flashlight and the flashlight seems to be working. Haven't used it yet but I'm excited to.
Nice, But some of them not very good quality. But very good for this price
Sound doubles over A lot. Film stalls.
great product, just as described, no issues
3.5 stars: Material is a bit soft. For a tool that is subject to wear and tear and torqueing, I would have recommended a hardier material.
Bought these for light duty hiking on good trails in warm weather. Colors and pattern not very attractive and do not appear to be very thick or cushiony at first. Surprised that they actually function very well. Very strong elastic gives support and no sag after several washings. Worn every day for 3 plus mile morning walk for a month. No blisters or bunching. Did not notice much moisture wicking. Would like better color selection and thicker weave. Very good value for the price would buy again.
Spills easily but it's only supposed to be splash proof so that's accurate. My beverages stay true to taste in this ceramic mug yay!
It's a good game . It keeps my attention.
I fully enjoy the aesthetics of this game plus the fact that it's an open world game and you never gets bored with the seasons feature. Great design, great gameplay and nice awesome driving mechanics. My only issue was that it won't load when MSI Afterburn is running.
This is nice and bright for less $$ than my previous headlamp. This one also came with the sub charge cable. These things truly light your way at night!!!
Very warm! Great for the price! Only issue is that the manufacturer should have curved it over the shoulders. It does bunch up under a coat! I may modify it myself in the near future!
All okay and no customer issues.
This sleeve fits my Takeya 40oz. bottle really well. The sleeve also makes it much easier to hold on to.
Wish there wasn't a timer.
This tent is perfect for my wife and I. Set up is crazy easy and our tent was up in seconds compared to our friends who have traditional tents. It is spacious and left plenty of room even after our queen size mattress was in it. The only downside is that if you want any privacy you have to have the fly on because the whole top of the tent is mesh. If your not in some shade, with the fly on its get pretty warm pretty quick when the sun is shining since there aren't really windows to unroll and let a breeze through. Usually you camp under some trees however so this shouldn't be a problem too often. Overall we love this tent! The blue color is a plus too because it really stands out and looks beautiful!
they were for my son and he likes them
Used as gifts, but I have eaten there before
I like that it is rechargeable. I dislike the on ofc button and blue ring that illuminates around flashlight.
Well built. My Cub Scout loves it.
This bag is very nice, except for the cheap zippers, which don't seem like they will last long.
I was bitten by a midge (no-see-um) and this product worked fairly well, with regard to eliminating the itch. I'd buy it again and would recommend it for those who like to venture out into the woods.
They make my hands sweat, but they are warm
The glossy surface of the finish makes it harder to see the plate and the numbers under certain lighting conditions. But the quality of the workmanship is excellent.
I like how you can plug your phone into get music. Volume does not go as high as I would like it.
Decent simple single mode light. The beam tint is terrible. Lots of blue and rings in the beam. But it's not all bad. Very simple to use and very compact for bag or pocket. Not super bright but, it's better than having nothing at all and at a price that won't have you crying when you break it or lose it. I buy these for the kids and wife who don't like complicated flashlights. I keep one in my tackle box and in the glove compartment. Ultrafire gets a bad rap sometimes. For good reason sometimes as well. Don't buy their batteries. But with a simple swap of the LED it can be quite a nice light for a extra $5 if you know how to solder two wires. Well made, except for that awful LED they use. But hey, for $4 a piece, not much room to complain.
Fit easily on dons bike.
Ice stays in this overnight!
Worked as intended. Wish the little side windows had a way to cover them at night to prevent people watching you while you're asleep.
I think that the cd was wonderful! I especially liked her reworked Happy Days Are Here Again.
These flowers are good- not great but they get the job done. I did have two of them break, meaning the string was cut when I put it between my teeth but I just used another flosser.
not as good as tng but still really good
Works as advertised, prompt shipment
This game needs cops
I don't have a lot of experience with texturizing sprays so have nothing to compare this to, but I really like the smell and I like that it isn't super heavy.
Consider upsizing otherwise they worked great.
1.5 dosage works fine for me - helps me to get back to sleep during night - no need for more.
As usual preformed to my exspectations and kept my computer safe.
I used this in combination with some other lice treatments. The shampoo did not kill all the eggs so we were getting lice hatching after treatment. We used this both as an indicator and a treatment. The downside is the bags are pretty expensive. I found I could wash them out and reuse them if I were careful and there was not too much stuff in the bag(the second time I used it there were only 4-5, so that was easy to clean, the first one had too many so I threw it away. I used this once a day to check her hair between 2 different shampoo type treatments. The second shampoo treatment had much fewer nits and only 3-4 lice, so I think it works to get the lice out before they have much of a chance to lay too many eggs, it looks like it pulls out some of the nits, but not all.
These cameras were easy to set up & install. The app has worked smoothly for remote viewing which was very important to me since our last system only worked about 40% of the time. I like that clips are saved to the cloud so I don't have to work about protecting additional hardware. It would be nice to have an option to view all cameras at once from the app. It would also be helpful to have a search option when viewing clips rather than scrolling through days of video. Overall a good investment and simple to use.
Good value...I still haven't destroyed mine and I use it pretty tough
Pretty decent in the snow and ice. It says it doesn't fit a Ford Explorer but it definitely does. It seems to be wearing fine and doesn't make much road noise.
I loved the positivity and atmosphere of the shows and movies that Pureflix had to offer! Wonderful movies for the family! 4 stars because some of the movies offered on here are too scary even for little kids to watch. So some shows need monitoring.
Very good movie during WW2
Overall I like this knife quite a bit. Great design, profile, stubby blade. The pin that you open and close the knife with had a tendency to unscrew with use, so be careful not to lose it. Would buy again.
Way better than it has any reason to be for the price. Only annoying thing is how it seems to pick whatever mode it wants to, and the carrying bag is of useless quality. As a cheap clamp meter it is tough to beat this.
the button to turn on and off is awesome the support frame sometimes would be an obstacle for pressing the trigger but overall its good
I like them, however they are just slightly too thick for my old bandsaw. They work, but it is a little annoying.
This is a nice small drill that charges quickly and is a light to handle. One of the design flaws is it it is very easy for your hand to hit the reverse mechanism and you might find that the drill doesn't work because the switches are neutral or that you are unscrewing instead of screwing because your hand has hit the reverse switch. Just a small design flaw
A good Davidson episode. One of those "back in time in England, preventing stranded aliens from destroying the Earth" episodes. A bit of sublimated exasperation between the Doctor and the companions.
This carabiner was exactly what I was looking for, and for some reason it was hard to find one on Amazon that was in this size range. Durability of it is hard to say so far but it seems to be holding up. Some of the color on it has started to scratch away though from use. I bought it to tote my fire gear around for easier carry and it has held up for a few weeks now of rough and tough use. My only thing that bothers me about my order is that you can't specify what color to get. They just send you either a blue or red one. I kinda wanted a red one...and they sent a blue. Not a big deal but just found that to be odd. Good product otherwise.
An actually decent sequel to the Original. Sound mixing is fantastic if you have an ATMOS system.
a deep insight into relationships and how they do and do not work
Worked great in my hammock for 3 nights. Easy to inflate. Only con is its really hard to completely deflate. I still can't get it all out. Other than that, awesome from my experience. Can't speak for it as far as on the ground/tent sleeping bag support. I'll definitely keep using it for hammock camping. Overall, very pleased.
Good when you don't have a lot of time or traveling
Good product for the money.
I bought these for my husband as a surprise. He really likes them and would definitely buy these again.
Perfect fit and GREAT quality.
I had no idea what this movie was about. I just knew it got a lot of press and comment. I liked it; it was different.
My daughter is obsessed w this bike. She's 1.5 and fits perfect. My only complaints is that the steering is almost too sensitive and I have to really grip it to control it and I wish there was a cup holder for me. I would recommend
Product came defective. Cheap plastic material. I would give 5 stars for the excellent design and portability but ended up rated 2 because of the defective material received. Update: The seller send me the replacement on time. Happy to see the immediate response. Changed the rating to 4 because of the prompt action by the seller.
Great album along the lines of the Subliminal Verses and All Hope is Gone. Had to deduct a star for not including the single "All Out Life" which is apparently included with the Japanese release.
Too bright for daytime use for me, but very good headlight glare reduction at night.
Love this movie, now I can watch it anytime.
Bike is of good quality and craftsmanship. Assembly was easy if you know how to use a screw driver and wrench. Only flaw with this bike was headlight bracket was missing and spokes on wheels were loose and required bike to be taken to bike shop for proper adjustment. Minimal charge by bike shop for this service. Overall, bike performs as described and should last for years of enjoyment.
Great replacement part !
The glue itself is extremely powerful and as described But the container was a pain, the cap wouldn't open and I literally had to damage the container in order to twist the cap, and the little brush inside it has a curve which makes it hard to use. I would want to buy another one but not with this container.
Not as funny as I thought it would be but definitely as crazy.
Great for the Price...
works great. just wish there was a softer place at the end to hold it so your fingers dont get the rough part.
The air mattress felt smaller than I had anticipated. Overall, it is an average air mattress at a reasonable price.
This coffee cup does it's job and it's cute. My husband ordered one after he saw mine. Note: if you do not push the lid all the way down when you drink, you will wet your nose with coffee. This is not a flaw, it's can be annoying though.
straps and customizability are made well and design is good, but feels very lightweight and cheap. Overall great value
This works well for showering even for 6'6” users Difficult to fold up, but maybe will get easier with practice. Also the folded fit print is pretty big.
It's a good mask overall but it gets foggy which makes it hard to see.
It's not allowing me to post my animations on youtube. WTH. Some help here?!
The Powertec hose clamp does its job and holds the 4" hose securely after tightening. Tightening can be a little difficult at times due to the length of the worm drive and housing. As you can see in the picture it is much shorter than another brand. This short housing puts the tightening key closer to the clamp band and hose and can interfere with the operation of the key.
Nice combo but one of my batteries came defective. Just sent in the bad battery and Milwaukee took care of it and sent a replacement.
Other than having to fold this sucker back up, the tent itself was great!
Same type of camping/backpacking cookware that you find at your larger chain outdoor outfitter stores but at just a fraction of the price. Very happy with this purchase
Folds easily but is a pain to get back in the bag after. It weighs as much as King Kong but that reassured me as I dropped my King Kong self into it. It's not super comfy as you are forced to sit on the front edge or super far back. Still the best option out there for massive humans.
It's a good addictive game, but whenever I finish the quest Protection It kicks me out and I have to do it again. I keep trying but it won't stop kicking me! Please fix!
Not bad not bad at all
glad you have it, AA++
pretty good but I think the magnets could be a bit stronger. The keyboard seems to fall off if not perfectly attached.
This game is very confusing , but I love it.
Very sharp out of the box but needed a little work to remove the factory grinding marks on the blades. Took me a couple of minutes to get the blades set again after my work on them but I'm sure I'll get better at it over time. Overall a good product for the money and i would recommend it.
I purchased this because I was installing a mirror on my Giant Escape. The Giant grip has a solid plug, which can't be removed. I figured it would be easier just to buy new grips. The quality of these grips are really good. I gave it 4 stars because they really aren't anymore comfortable than the standard grips my Giant came with. Overall pretty happy with them.
I have not used this often but if you don't want to spend alot, this will work.
Not my fatmax, magnetic tip is great, reads on both sides of tape. Course it got a kink first week or so of daily driving, still strong, kink kind a makes it easier for tight measurements when the tape has to hang. Has saved me many ladder trips to grab fasteners and some tools with the srong magnet.
It was really refreshing to hear something a little different and original than most of the crap coming out these days. Great mix of Rock, Blues, a little R&B and even a dash Cajun. Looking forward to seeing them live someday hopefully.
No issues with using the service. Directed me to manufacturer because I still had warranty with them.
Just got so not sure how they will hold up but they appear nice. Arrived on time.
I can easily hide/pull out this ladder from behind a bookshelf since I don't have a lot of storage space in my classroom. It has a hook-like lock system to prevent the steps from going apart too far, but I wish it had a simple lock to keep it secure when I'm moving it around. Otherwise I had to find a piece of ribbon to tie around it so I don't get my fingers jammed by accident.
Fun but too much story and progress too slow
Nice color, great fit but wish the legs were shorter.
Kids love this, doesn't taste like homemade.
Works pretty good when it's not windy which is expected.
Fits my iPad with chargers and headphones. I'd recommend getting stronger magnets or strap the bag down.
My family enjoyed this soup. I didn't find it had the flavor some of the other Bear Creek soups do, thus the 4 stars.
Just got it today, so (4) stars initially. It's definitely a snug fit, but I got it on. I think it's definitely worth it to protect the investment. We'll see how it holds up.
I love this game and I also recommend another game that is similar.It is called mall girl
this does all right, but is not the best. you definitely have to work on adjusting the sensitivity to get any kind of accuracy, especially if your house has bundles of wires that run parallel for any distance.
Works most of the time. Needs to be reapplied after awhile.
A bit dull....but sharpened up beautifully. Very good deal!
I like them a lot. I'd like a little more smoothing of the hair but otherwise very good.
I purchased this compressor to keep in my truck for camping and offroad trips. I've since decided that I would spend a little more money on a more rugged compressor and use this in my daily driver.
Power button a bit hard to access, otherwise quite easy for my granddaughter to use.
The accents are a little tough to understand though.
I like this game a lot, non hurried, peaceful.
I was hoping for more power but it is adequate.
Bass quality is lacking a bit, but this is worth the price.
Quite a bit thicker than it seems, and it doesn't bunch up well around the neck, gets uncomfortable after a while.
It works but lags in responding and cannot perform features like timers.
BIKE IS GREAT SO FAR - ONLY BEEN MAYBE 10 MILES. THE MANUAL THAT CAME WITH IT DID NOT COVER MY PARTICULAR BIKE AND THE TOOL KIT WAS INCOMPLETE. I HAD TO USE SOME OF MY TOOLS - NO BIG DEAL. DOCUMENTATION COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER. OTHER THAN THAT, NICE BIKE - WORTH THE MONEY..
Not totally self repairing.
This was pleasantly different for a Sci-fi book!
Good stadium chair. Could use a caring case
Very handy for a quick reference.
I hope this works well. It's rated pretty good.
Nice set and user friendly. Great to have around the house for a single mom with projects!
This is a great tool the only thing I would change is more torque but I am very happy with the product and would recommend it
Its a good game but it will not load
Just started using it as and it works, I can already tell this bottle will last me a very long time. *It does blister sensitive skin though, not to be used too often
I like it. It adjusts back and forth.
great game, the only thing i am sometime frustrated is the timing of the game.
I love the different colors on the sticks for ease of knowing which stick is yours... the only complaint I have is how sharp the points are on the sticks. They are quite sharp and you have to be extremely careful when cleaning to not accidentally cut yourself. Worried me a little with kids handling them.
Blitz is Cool, I prefer the classic version.
Used it to fill a cooking torch. Fortunately, I wore thick cleaning gloves and wrapped the torch in a towel so as to avoid freezing spills. Most of it did get into the container, but enough leaked out that it could have gotten messy. The plastic tip fits most lighters and such, so it's very nice to have around.
This is a pretty trike! It arrived in a box that looked like it went through Vietnam with me and then was used as a soccer ball. There were two huge holes all the way through that looked like a forklift accident. The trike was not damaged at all but one bolt was missing. I called cust service and they told me the size I needed and I got it at the local hardware store. It was very easy to assemble even though I did not find the manual with the instructions till I had finished. I have assembled many times many bikes in my life but this was my first trike. It is big, heavy and very stable. I am 69 years old and had a stroke so my balance is about gone. There is a learning curve moving to three wheels. It felt like it wanted to throw me off the side of the road. It gives me the feeling of driving a semi after a porche. I cant get much speed but I am retired so that does not matter. I would buy it again. I forgot to mention that the manual, once I found it, had excellent directions for assembly. Anyone (almost) could put this trike together.
Nice little kit for a bug out bag. Takes up very little room. Also, there is enough space in the kit to add a small lighter or matches to make it more complete. They accidently put two strikers in my kit, which is nice.
I bought this to replace my Nexus 6 due to Google not supporting security updates after April 2017. So far it's working out really well and I expanded the storage with a 64 gig micro SD card.
it helps with aim & is relaxing
Rarely use this anymore.
It worked but not as easily as I thought it would.
Nice packaging and carrying bag. Good weight. Doesn't feel flimsy. Unit feels solid when assembled. I was surprised that the shovel is smaller than I expected. But a great size for camping or bug out bag.
I like that you are able to stand the tablet up! Not sure it would give a good amount of protection if tablet was dropped!
Great flavor and texture. I'm taking off one star for the prime pantry delivery because they arrived pretty crunched up. Still edible but still a disappointment.
For apartment it is good and useful.
Great Snickers candy in an overpriced format
Holds well with no strong smell
We really like the show, however the device does not allow to show our pictures in Amazon photos when we use the settings on the device. It stopped showing them completely. I reset the machine and worked with customer service on this. We started asking Alexa to show photo's which works but it can not repeat the slide show more than once even though the instructions on the help page in Amazon says to say Alexa repeat photos, it does not repeat them.
My kindergartener is very happy with his first big kid backpack for school. Perfect size for his two folders, pencil case, lunchbox, and jacket that usually ends up stuffed in there by the end of the day.
Really didn't like some of the story twists, but we'll see what happens next season. Still impressed by guest actors talent though.
Really enjoy the Krusteaz products.
The clip was a little too hard for me to operate but then I'm no spring chicken! The rest I liked just fine.
vivid color, adequate capacity for my needs
The brightness is not as good as I image. But the price is reasonable.
I bought it since the vests my company provides suck. I've had it for two weeks doing road work and it's done well so far. It's for sure ANSI Class 2 reflective and the color is also quite bright. The print on it is also good. The little pocket for your pen(s) is very small so if you'll be bending over be careful cause they slide easily since the pen(s) stick out too much. I've lost three pens already. The sizing chart runs small so I highly suggest you go up a size.
Got in mail today, looks exactly like picture, love the colors fits phone perfectly. Just slippery hope I dont have issues with dropping it! Overall so far happy
Great TV for the price! The color on some of the cable channels can sometimes look saturated in a kind of greenish blue hue. Not sure if it is cable box because fire stick and ps4 both look just fine.so honestly can't really complain! Surround sound hooked up (Samsung) with no issues. Oh, the remote can be a little stubborn sometimes (like multiple presses to turn on or switch input) other than that pretty happy with the product!
Excellent image. Would be 5 stars but included the wrong sized nut.
Love the performance, George and his band are running on all eight cylinders, love the guest performers, but the only downside is it has been auto tuned to death. Hopefully it will be done over someday.
Good quality and nice a bright
Could be softer feeling, but not too bad. It smells funny and keeps smelling that way after you wash it, but not enough to smell outside of the sleeping bag. Easy to wash. Pretty thin.
Sounds so much better than the Echo Dot on its own. More bass, more volume. The issue is the microphones on the dot can't hear commands very well when placed in this speaker. You have to get close to it to shout commands while it's playing sounds or music. Rechargeable battery life send to be good. Still worth the money for a great sounding speaker!
Item exploded and I had almost exactly a half a bottle and an oily mess. The item is not exchangeable???? I have had prime since it started didn't know damaged items were ever acceptable.
This outfit fits great except for the short sleeved top. The stitching is very tight and I can't get it around my boys arms. But the long sleeved and the jacket both fit great.
The 4 Tuner device is really great for cord cutters. I have two basic comments that could be improved which is why I only gave the product 4 stars. They are the speed of the connection with chrome is still a little slow to connect. My wife reports that the tuner in her TV is more sensitive then the tablo 4 tuner device, although I have not noticed to much difference. Also even with the subscription service the TV Guide does not extend out more then 2 days. The unit does not support Raid 1. On the plus side recordings once programmed are independent of the computer. All in all even with these limitations I love the Tablo because it keeps my wife happy and replaced windows media center very nicely.
Product is OK, need better shipping packaging, they usually arrive damaged, one never received.
nice. wish the zipper was smoother
Great game ... 2 thumbs up
Work fine good result with brake bleeding in most brands and kind of cars, but too noisy and came with just one fitting without spare
Sturdy case for my husbands rosary which he always carries in his pocket.
Cap is not the typical seen when purchasing from store. Need to remove vs squirt cap type.
A little hard to get water flow started, but the works well.
Cut the cord on one of our TV's. Put this in. Works well. A little meh on the menus, but it's TV. It works.
A good paddle is expensive. Keep it safe. This bag is very well made with a great design.My only complaint is that the bag is shorter than represented. The longest piece of my Werner 3 Piece Paddle sticks out of the bag by 1".
I love this little machine I was skeptic about it after reading so many reviews and debating in to getting a big machine or a small one living in the city space is very limited I'm so glad I bought this is my first time using it no complaints for now is very quiet also I like the different water levels not complicated either to use.
Kindle is a Kindle but better with a back light
Can't go wrong. It cold out there and you've got to have something!
Very smooth shave. Doesn't snag, and cuts through multiple days of growth with ease. The only real complaint is the cheap plastic stand that comes with the razor - it is not attractive, is a little bulky and it hangs onto the razor with a vice grip. I'd be fine without the stand or a smaller profile one that maybe doesn't have such a strong hold. Otherwise, nice razor and blades.
not much to say. very comfortable in hand. and precise. nice looking welding pliers and Plated as advertised. little gauge is extra bonus.
White color is amazing. It works as promised! Will later on try Voyage or other Kindle versions.
It works, it's my first one, so don't really know how it is compared to others.
One star off for casting flash, see below. If you have an older bath drain this may be what you need. I removed an old drain from an early '60's vintage house, the old drain is on the right in the picture. It is 16 threads per inch and was installed with the brass adapter below it, which is 16 tpi both on the ID and OD. Difficult to remove and separate because of corrosion. The old drain is 7/8" deep, the one described here is 1-1/4" deep but that wasn't a problem. I was able to clean and reuse the old adapter, but this time used Teflon tape thread sealant. Note, more modern drains are 14 threads per inch and incompatible with this drain. I took one star off because the standard dumbbell wrench wouldn't fit in until I filed casting flash from the ID at the bottom of the drain where the "cross" is. Otherwise the fit, finish, appearance and quality are fine and it functions as advertised. You may need an adapter, available in brass and probably polypropylene. Again it is difficult to find exactly what you need. I heated the old drain then dropped it in PB Blaster to soak overnight, then wrapped an old leather belt around the outside of the old adapter and hung a pipe wrench on it. The bathtub drain thing is confusing for DIY'ers. If you have plastic drain pipe this is probably not the drain you need.
It's not long enough for a tall person with a long torso
Not quite as low profile as I would have liked and it is a bit wide. I am 6'2" and still bump my helmet getting in my work truck. I am more concerned of a neck injury than a head injury. It fits nice though. The padding is comfortable on a bald head. It's great looking and I get compliments and inquiries on it on job sites. Super lightweight so it doesn't give you bobblehead. Priced right.
Work great, comfortable.
I liked this movie a lot, but the story is very all over the place at times.
Fast service and correct product
Works really well but disappointed with the battery cover as it fits loosely and occasionally falls off.
Super tiny can is not really worth the price
I received these and was very happy so far on the clarity and fit/feel. But was very disappointed about not receiving the lanyard that was supposed to have come with it!? Never would have known to notice this but I ordered two of these and one came with it and one without it!
Great power metal group. This group gets better with every New album.
Excellent performances, follows the book, viewed right after I read the story, enhanced the experience.
Finally a sweat shirt that is sized correctly.
Pretty good for gluten-free crackers. Flavor is good too.
Works well so far - waiting on extensive use to see how well it holds up long-term.
Well made. Just make sure you schedule a good amount of time to install.
I got these for my daughter and her friend in rose gold. They both love the necklaces! They are delicate but very classy looking.
Great for measuring things that are far.
It is small and light weight, but powerful with the standard light (white). It seems the industry has figured out how to deliver more lumens despite the small package. The red light is the feature for which I purchased the unit. The red light which protects night vision is a little anemic but it will support close up examination (e.g. reading) in total darkness. The light adjusts downward easily. Nice unit.
No matter how long I let it sit to rehydrate it still was slightly watery or else I would give it five stars.
. Great game. Enjoy the challenge.
OK, I'll give this a B, it is very well made and the material is thick and seems high quality. As far as the look, I'll try to explain it, the cut is more like pants than sweats, so I think they look a little funny compared to other sweats. So one star of on this very subjective note.
I like O-light products however they consistently have very difficult to feel on and off buttons in the dark. How have they not figured this out yet?
its a level case. its not as nice as the level.
This case is great and fits the tablet perfectly but the packaging came along with a few friends...
Great tool to have with you
Bought the 800 in 2012 and put on my Trek. It's incredibly comfortable! Great for on the road or the trail. I'm male 190 lbs 5'8" fwiw. Well worth the $27 I originally paid. Sadly it broke today after six years shortly after putting it on a new mtn bike. Plastic pieces holding it to the mounting bracket all snapped. No crash or anything crazy going on. To be honest I did not ride off the road much over the last six years so it's a little disappointing it broke. May still buy again even at higher price--first have to see if there is a life time warranty with Bell.
not the most exciting series, but visually stunning
I guess the error was on my part on checking the seizes, it is much smaller than what I thought it was going to be. I still love it though.
Easy to install and set up with limited effort. Note the arrow on the side plate must point in the direction of the chain's travel.
The hammock came very securely package. It's strong and sturdy enough to safely fit myself and my five-year-old son in it. It's also safe enough for my kids to use as well. The material seem strong and stitched together well. It's also a soft breathable fabric so I don't think that it would add 2 getting hot and uncomfortable while laying it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 Stars it's because I was hoping it would be a little bit longer. But it's a great hammock good quality.
I have a history of asthma and congestive heart failure. This relieves my congestion but only partly. My doctor was really concerned with my using it and asked if my cardiologist knew I was using it. A number of possible side effects and warnings are listed in multiple places. WebMD simply says, "Consult with your doctor."
Good lining, protects, but it is a very bulky
I did felt it helped my tablet
It's an inexpensive and usable compass. Thru one in my glove compartment and the other in our "go bag" we keep in the truck
This skin app is one of the very best I've ever had! So kudos to you! Anyway, I gave it four stars because it is an amazing app, but, it has WAY to many adds. But that's my only problem. This is a great app and I would recommend it to anyone who likes Minecraft. Thanks!
The picture is a little hard to get focused. It only focuses in the center of the screen. Otherwise a great product. Still can watch movies easily
It's was fast shipping looks good
Better than the other releases. Good lyrics and music.
Hurricane Harvey destroyed most of my DVDs could not find this in stores found it on Amazon I have complete collection now
Works as it should at work. Not the most comfortable but really light weight and worth the money.
like a big garbage bag but cheap and will do the job...do not expect to need all that often
This is a great little light. The strobe option is great whenever you'd like to have a self-induced dance party. Get down with foxelli.
Have been wanting a RJ headband for long time. The headband is super cute, soft and warm but seems like the case was broken on the way.
So far this is working great. Very easy to install. Clear and simple instructions. Holds up two small children with no issues.
1st night it sprung a leak! We patched it and has been used three times since we good it
Let me start by saying that I love Pearl iZUMi products. Most of my cycling purchases these are are PI products. This was a very nice Balaclava. High quality product and well worth the purchase price. However the fit was too tight for my noggin. Like way too tight. I wear a L/XL fitted ball cap. I'm 6' and weigh 165 pounds. I wish they had a larger option!
Movie itself was good. The story the dialogue was all good. It was funny and quirky as expected. My only drawback is the language on here. I kept having to tell my five year old that he's not allowed to say those words. I understand that it was probably going to have a word or two, but it was a bit much for my kid. Little disappointed in that, but the movie, as an adult, was good.
They are warm and comfortable but the weave isnt as tight as I would like. They arent great for heavy use, the weave tends to snag on everything. I still wear them, but they didnt work out for construction or hunting. Grab a pair of military surplus for that heavier use
works as advertised folds up just as easy makes changing for the shy more comfortable
Good quality shirt at a quality price. Fits just a tad bigger than expected, which I am happy about. Material not to thin but not to thick. I plan on buying in other colors.
So far so good....Will change if the game does
Great style. Seems sturdy. I'd like it if there wasn't so much black on it. Seems a bit dark for as little girl. Also, one of the metal holes was too small for one of the screws. It's still not in all the way. Has a great classic look. Lots of compliments.
Looks-wise this tumbler is awesome. But I should've listened to the reviews of the larger capacity version of this mug that mentioned the terrible plastic taste. Yes, the cap has a foul taste that taints your coffee when you take a drink. It's so disappointing. The mug is almost otherwise perfect. The other selling point was the easy to clean claim. Well, for the most part, yes. There are some small parts in the cap that are not so easy to clean - some silicone pieces inside that function with the trigger. I will have no idea if mold grows because those small silicone pieces are black. With diligent washing I hope to avoid mold-growth. Or perhaps I'll just not drink from the cap at all given the foul taste.
Framed it myself and placed it in my kitchen--everyone who visits remarks positively. Nice item, well worth the price.
Works good. To expensive
One of my favorite shows! Love every minute of every episode! I'm docking one star cause it didn't come with the digital copy.
Comfortable; warm; 100% cotton fabric. Washes well; no need to iron.
Wish the motor for the fan worked better but the light is great. Easy to hang in tent or on a table. Great value for the price
Good sturdy backpack cooler, took to races, worked well for what we needed, would recommend
Received in box with loose parts. The muffs, shield, and helmet were all in separate pieces with no instructions on how to assemble. Would have been 5 stars if it wasn't for the sharp edges on the cheaper plastic moldings. There are a few burs here and there and you will catch one when assembling it. Face screen is metal and the rim at the top extends back to the helmet brim blocking debris sufficiently. Helmet adjustment works good and is comfortable. Ear muffs work to deaden sound. Ear muffs do have a pull out feature so you can leave the helmet on and pull the ear muffs out away from your ears where they will lock into place and stay. Screen does flip up too.
These work great with my phillips sonicare toothbrush. The bristles are soft, yet do a good job cleaning.
Used them on a two seater kayak. Work well with supporting your back. The short ones do not support your back
It very warm, great value for the price. I dislike the inner sleeve they come down and have to be pushed in.
Just okay. Think I'll revert back to leaving a hand towel for my grandkids' use.
This was a nice accessory for my Dremel and allowed me to easily route grooves for a DIY shelf project.
Good for daily life.
Very disappointing because you can only use for like hour before red light comes on demanding to charge it
I like it but I do find that for me, the heat adjuster is in a bad spot and I keep bumping it down all time. Other than that it has worked fine for me.
It is very light in weight so easy to carry in almost all bags ..
Worked great. Only down side is you can't use a bulky cover with the tablet because it won't fit. But it worked for the road trip to keep the toddler busy and not cry! It did it's job and tablet stayed on
Protects sons fire 8 tablet and I don't worry when he carries it in one hand anymore. The built in stand could be sturdier but so far so good.
Very good batteries. Batteries cost too much. They almost make it worth while to just buy a new set of drills with batteries and charger if you need new or more batteries.
Exactly what I wanted
The product arrived promptly and in good shape. That said, this Tomb Raider just didn't cut it for me. AJ must have spoiled me.
Anyone who has ever owned a sleeping bag knows that packing them is an absolute hassle. Even if they come with a "storage bag" you can never fit them back in all the way without tearing the bag seam from seam. Yet somehow, this sleeping bag ACTUALLY fit! I really couldn't believe it. However, once I fit it inside, I attempted to tighten the bag to the cube-like state shown in the advertising pictures, and a buckle broke several inches before that could be achieved. So, I do feel a little lied to that the "palm status" clearly can't be reached, but am happy that it actually fits in the bag. And I quickly found that the broken buckle won't be that much of a hassle as I can easily tie the strap to itself and it will stay. Can't wait to use it!
It's a nice little anvil. Dad got it for blacksmithing. It's forged so it dents easily but you can always grind a new face on it. The horn is a little too wide and the top is too flat but we ground it down to make it narrower. Wouldn't be bad for a beginner in blacksmithing or knife making. With a good solid mount for it, the bounce from a ball bearing is pretty good and it won't ring at all. From 12" it went back up about 10".
I use this as a handlebar mounted light for night mtb rides. The light is plenty bright by itself to ride in the dark. Doesn't come with a helmet mount unfortunately. Not sure how long it runs but it worked great for 2-3 of continuous use. I do wish the beam was adjustable or a little bit wider.
Just wish kindle could use app off line.
Work great. Store nicely both when full and not in use. Like the shape and size for using in cooler.
Product as advertised. Can't ask for more.
Bought it for my daughter's b-day, she loves it.
It looks amazing great anime
CLEAN SOUND, NOT TO LOUD. LOUD ENOUGH LOOKS GOOD
Great for the price. 4 stars because it's not too sharp out of the box but hey its 4 dollars
The bracket is universal for most bikes. It will need a test fit. The allen head nuts are a weird size.about 0.10 " or 2.5 mm nuts 5/16" , Captive nuts are hard to start. I wish the screws were longer. The rear reflector will have to be moved the back rail
These are big, but not unmanageable, i use for fishing, not for bluegills though, id get smaller set for them.
there good for the price , not good for a mountain bike with a straight handle bar , i would spend alittle more next time, like they say , yu get what you pay for
Streams live shows and the commercials. Only limitation is bandwidth.
I gave it 4 stars because I have a hard time getting it to fit right.Seems like I need to readjust it to often.Its probably just my fat head. ;D
The fitting was not comfortable and the mask was heavy.
My son said it's good, has a lot of the games but doesn't have the giant squid, the snakes, frogs, etc. So I guess if your in to those items, you won't find them with this download.
It depends on personal taste, but if you prefer a more inflated pad than some of the other brands, this would be a good fit.
The price is very good, I'm just concerned that if put a lot of pressure to loosen bolts or lines it might break the gears. Over I'm cautious about how much pressure I put on the gears. I losses the bolts with a regular wrench and then use the ratcheting wrench's.
Worked great with my application. Looks like other's that cost $100s more. Not sure why you'd spend the extra money for a name brand one of these.
Great watch just wish it could be set not on military time. Other than that it works great . . . Oh and the band comes off a lot when you wear it!!
They fit .... They roll....
so so and I am not that smart to find words so I eliminated the game from the game board.
Like the design. One thing I don't like is the shoulder strap is not adjustable.
Good game Recommend for sure
Really looks good with other real stainless appliances. Easy to use. Bubbles are an issue but I got rid of most of them.
It's just 'ok'. Feels cheap. Delivered quickly and as expected. My order came well packaged. Its design becomes a distraction. Not as expected.
Media player works pretty good free is good
Works well to keep you motivated to drink while at work. My only complaint is that it sweats a lot.
Stout little unit , very tough and sparks damn good paracord and striker seem well built too, for the price its a solid buy, just wish the striker was wider, about half an inch for a better chance to get sparks
Hi, I already get the bag but this one doesn't have the bag protector. Is it possible if you guys can send it to my address? Thanks
I developed chronic shoulder pain from riding a mountain bike, so I felt I needed a comfort bike. This bike is definitely comfortable. My shoulder has heeled up and I'm able to go on long rides again........But the frame is steel -- and heavy. You won't be winning any races, unless it's against a tricycle. I suppose the lighter frames come at a higher price.......
To big for my needs. No one to blame but myself. Didn't read the specs
I own a pair of 30" Rigid bolt cutters that failed to cut a grade (or whatever they use) 8 Master Lock padlock. The blade on the Rigid cutters actually snapped. These Neiko cutters on the other hand crushed right through said padlock. There is some deformation on the blade, which was a little disappointing after just one cut. At 23 pounds these are a little awkward to position, but they got the job done with minimal effort on my part.
Can't say anything about durability yet, but it appears sturdy and well made. Very easy to install and adjust to fit bike (Specialized Alibi). I bent the front stays slightly for a better fit to the frame and purchased some longer 5mm bolts and washers. 5 stars based on fit, finish, and design if it had come with longer mounting screws.
i wish this size came in different colors.
They won't win any awards for the story in this. It is one of those movies where you get your drink (more than one of course lol) and popcorn and watch action for actions sake!
I love this sweater. Perfect everyday sweater, I ordered the pink. Nice, soft color. I would have given this sweater 5 stars, but I am concerned the fabric may pick easily.
Works as advertised.
Quality compass that makes for a fantastic gift. Materials are as described, and it feels well made. I only gave it 4 stars, because the compass itself is not incredibly accurate. It's more of a showpiece than a functional object.
Really bright, high capacity 26650 rechargeable battery. Well made.
Well worth the price. I've put these to some serious work and they show very little wear.
Unicorn is nice. It's one sided. Granddaughter loves it. Chain is of less quality than hoped.
Well made polarized floating sunglasses. The optics are good and the fit and soft pads, on nose and paddles, are in a good position. Great for watersports like sailing, PWC, kite surfing or fishing when sunglasses would typically disapear if they fell into the water.
Nice packaging, quick delivery. Just knocking off one star because this set does NOT include Toy Story 3, but still a good buy for the first two movies! I love them.
What, I suspected quality work and material. Overall, Great product!
Works well changed from a stock handlebar stem of lower quality.
replaces a backpack/lunch box when I ride my bike to work. holds a lot and stays cold for a decent amount of time . Been using for about 5 months and still in good shape
This is a self-paced program with no actual instruction. There are some "videos", which are pretty much PowerPoint presentations with a guy speaking over it. He has a very heavy accent, so it's hard to get everything, but it works. There is no test for certification.
My 10 year old daughter loves her tsum tsum pink lounger. It is really cute and comfortable. Filling it with air involves a learning curve, but we worked it out. All in all, a great purchase!
as described... maybe a little flimsier than expected but does the job
Didn't seem to fog excessively, easy to fit and adjust while wearing, surprised and pleased that it really did keep the water out of the snorkel. Purchased and used for cleaning the pool
Perfect!! Vermont doesn't sell these for some reason and they are great for one houses. Purchased one in December and it arrived on time and it's been used, without issue, since.
Good quality seat for fairly low price
It's a good pray for eight movie
Pretty good, keys are long so they do flex when applying lots of pressure. The holders for the hays have slightly larger holes, so if you throw these in a bag, at least 5 or so will just fall out.
This works great for me, relaxes me and helps me sleep
This product is more compact that I thought. Everything looks and feels sturdy. I took everything out and was able to pack everything back into the case without any problems. I am making an emergency kit, so it fits perfectly inside of the container without being bulky. The lifetime warranty is certainly a plus.
Nice color! I also bought one for my friend who loved it!
This thing works wonderfully. I thought it was a joke at first, but I like it.
I love this tool because is strong
I got jump scared because the door didn't work and the other door did
this necklace is rather cute and with better quality than others i have seen. i got my daughter one for her birthday. i liked it so i got me one too. i am able to use the chain for other items. goes well with lots of things.
Purchased this as a gift for my husband. He uses them and he likes them.
I used it on the handles of a lat pull down bar for my Bowflex. The grips on the end were cracked and torn...so replaced them with this product. As others have mentioned in the reviews the foam is creased from the packaging the company uses. I didn't need the full amount of foam so that part wasn't used. It isn't as dense as I as hoping but it is comfortable.
Much better holding power than what originally came with the workbench.
My husband needed a huge TV so we got this one on Prime Day. The picture doesn't look as good as the one on our 5 year old TV it replaced but it's much bigger so maybe that makes a difference. Overall we are happy with it. The smart TV settings are really nice. It works well though sometimes the remote doesn't seem to register very quickly with the TV. Not sure why that would be. We use a sound bar so I can't comment on the sound quality.
Different and enjoyable
it is good but not as good as restoring force.
Very strong material. Nice finishing. From top to bottom I use it daily both for coffee and beers. Already abandoned other mug. Doesn't keep cool that long without the lid, still, longer than other mug. If you're hesitating, get it, It's worthy.
You can't go wrong with down inside at such a low price. I'm not sure how easy it will be to unzip to cool feet but should be great feature, wish they had a choice of a shorter bag, don't like carrying around waste
Cute but the clasp is so tight I have to have help getting it off.
Works well. The only issue is the the top piece does not stay on well. Had to use some black electrical tape to keep from it coming off and loosing it. I have an I phone 7+.
gives everything you want to know but in metrics. converting to miles is work!
Really beautiful shirt, well made and design is well thought out. Runs a little small. Would definitely recommend.
Works well, but packaging is a little small if you plan to cover large areas often.
AAA Service would recommand
I love how the organizer keeps everything in my LV Neverfull MM organized. The only thing I might change is the shade of pink that it is. It could be a few shades lighter but honestly, it sits so low in the bag that you never see it unless you are straight over the top of my bag
It keeps talking away my costumes for no reason
Really cute sweater and I wish it came in more colors! This one was a little on the pink-ish side than burnt orange, the way it looks in the photo. But still cute. Definitely true to size/not vanity sizing. Love the buttons, and no - they are not functional.
They fray pretty quick
There is obviously no flavor in these noodles (which you'd expect for zero calories). Works best when you can take the time to allow whatever sauce you're using to soak in some flavor. Not a huge fan of the rice but the angel hair and fettuccine have been a big plus. Even my wife (who isn't on keto) enjoys it as a replacement for spaghetti or stir fry.
Excellent Blu Ray copy, sharp resolution, great photography and wonderful acting. Ingrid gorgeous and Gary handsome. Only one downside - no extra features, which are available on the DVD version of the same movie. That is disappointing. That's why I'm giving a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star one.
Yeah, it's not bad. Realize that it's quite small, definitely better for putting in a cup holder on a cart and being relatively close to it, or putting it on a table and being face to face with it at the same height level. I bought it to use at the driving range and it's works fine, I just reach down and warm up my hands, but it's below knee height for an adult, so it won't warm your body or anything like that while standing at the range. Definitely not strong enough for windy conditions, that guy who put that tin cooking pan around the head of it is a good idea. I might do that myself. But definitely useful and I'm glad I got it.
The 3 inch 410 shells do not clear the rubber grip...don't know about the 2.5 inch shells. The quality of the item is high. I kept it to keep 5 extra shells easy to carry.
..fine to use for light snacks
I'm waiting on refund
headphones comfortable and sound quality great. suggest ear loop construction be a bit firmer, as they have tendency to fall off my ears.
It's a good movie and this sellers used movies are in top condition
Well made blade. It's in my bug out pack. Would have given five stars but haven't chopped anything yet to really test it. For the price, good, if it holds together in the bush.
It works. It's a soldering iron. It solders, that's what you want it to do.
Keeps my niece occupied.
Nicely made and comfortable. Good quality for the price. They seem to be up to Pearl iZumi standards,
Warm, heavy boot socks. Arrived on time and in good condition.
As advertised. We use for our car if needed on the road.
The product pictures are misleading. The pictures don't show the cable. If you look closely are the product photos you'll see that the top of the echo dots aren't plugged in. You have to run the cable in front of it.
This VPN works pretty well but it sure pings a lot of Japanese sites before picking up one to tap in to. I as a senior traveler I don't know if these are safe or not.
Very nice bag but on the thin side. Expected padding.
I did not have a chance to use it on any real heavy drilling yet , just light test drilling, but plan to do foundation drilling soon. I will give another review at that time.I like the metal gear housing and the heavy build of the unit it looks like it will stand up to rough service. At this time I cannot say anything negative about this item !
This is a very good Android TV Box it has plenty of space and it works fast. I was able to install a lot of apps and play video games without any issues. It has Bluetooth and dual band Wi-Fi and plays movies smooth without any issues. So far this is a very good Android TV Box I haven't experienced any issues with it.
great item at a great price, works well with no leaks so far
Fun game. Good story. In app purchasing obviously helps advance further faster.
This is my first night to play, so not sure how long it is. So far, so good. First time I've seen a game in which not all parts are used, i.e. Pipe connection game. Interesting change.
Very fit and warm as well. I used this to touch on my iPhone which is working sometimes, mostly not working but I have to use it and then it will get easier with my iPhone as I will know what to do.
Easy to apply, dries clear. Not sure how effective it is. My daughter uses it, and still has a tanned forehead. Maybe it is easily rubbed off.
I've bought many of these shirts and love them for the most part. In my experience they run big quite big so buy accordingly. They've held up nicely after many washes.
Seems to help especially when on my feet alot
This thing is awesome and I highly recommend them! Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it shreds the garlic a little at times or if the garlic clove is small it doesn't peel very well.
Great challenging game
If you like Black Sabbath, you'll enjoy this.
This sleeping bag is very light and good for the summer. It packs down to a very small size. I will add a blanket inside when I use it in the colder weather.
Fun game, some are hard but a good mix
Pain in the neck to put on I thought. I have two size flashlights. One titanium which these are for. The other is bigger and I was trying to put these on the slightly bigger one and wouldn't fit and go on.
I combine this with other things to make a hand and body lotion. The first two times I ordered it the product was great. The last order (3rd time) the product was rancid. There was a label on lid that said it was a "New Product". I the first purchase was about a year ago. I was told by Amazon rep I would have replacement next day. I'm still waiting. Tracker says it's been shipped but will be late. Hoping it will be as good as the first jar as that was definitely worth 5 stars.
There are many word possibilities.
I bought so my wife could give it to me as a gift. I was looking for something more solid than a changing bit in a multi driver but still a hand tool to clear out the glue from the tube. This looks perfect for what am looking to do.
The helmet fits my 2 year old just great. She loves 'being Dory'. The ornamental parts don't feel cheap, but the solid tail piece that sticks out the back does make it awkward for kids who are riding in a bike trailer to have to tip their head forward the whole time.
The product is great. I'd give it a five, but the Amazon box it came in was rediculous. Makes me want to quit prime.
This product is okay I thought the backdrops would be more solid because you can still see the background of the product but you can make it work by editing your pictures
Nicely constructed and comfortable seat. My bicycle is my only means of transportation so you can trust my review. This seat exceeded my expectations.
Works as advertised. Inexpensive, easy set up. Does not play bluray, but that was in the description and I missed it. Does what I wanted it to do.
I already have this CD,,,I recieved it about 5 months ago,, how do I return this one you sent me today so I can get my money returned?
This did the trick; needed to remove some security screws from my battery pack. Good price
Haven't used them yet but appear to be good quality items
Days, weeks and months of grinding can all be taken away from you in a instant.
I got these for my mom who likes to watch TV before bed but always complains she doesn't sleep well. I'm hoping they help. I tried them on myself. They are comfortable and stylish and do a good job of blocking the blue light. She says they are comfortable on her nose which is a big deal because it is her biggest complaint against wearing any glasses.
I love knifes and I love miniature items. So this miniature knife was a good buy for me. It is a pain to open with your fingernail, but does loosen up over time. I find it useful to keep in my pocket as I order things from Amazon almost every day and need to open those boxes! I found similar products which work just as good for less money.
For me I bought these to help with plywood size type rip cuts. Once you get the clamp square to use it as a guide it works well. But thats the issue I had. It seemed to me that when you "set the clamp" this thing has a tendency to move..you need to keep checking with a ruler/square to make sure the thing is totally straight. The issue I see are the clamps themselves. I don't know how they could be done better, but maybe don't make out of plastic? They are not that smooth either. Each clamp has markings like a ruler, but I found that because of the clamps on the bottom, its pretty much impossible to use them for marking etc as they clamps do not lay flat especially on a long piece. They also don't clamp well on thinner material like 1/4 or 1/8 plywood. I do use them but find myself wondering...can't they make a clamp that when you clamp it the clamps automatically square it up? Oh well. I like them but wanted to love them.
The courageous movie is not very clear in terms of the pictures. The rest of of the movies are good
I was really worried about my item coming in bent due to other reviews -- luckily though, despite the horrid packaging it came in, my cover came through perfect! The screen itself is a little flimsy, but it isn't cheap. This fit perfectly over my 75 gallon Aqueon tank. The only con I have about this is the packaging!
We have not been able to use this yet because it's winter and we will use it when we pack the bikes on the back of our rv this summer.
Very classic cool look. Polarization on them is very un-balanced. Left eye is much stronger than right eye, almost impossible to see out of left eye in low light conditions
The quality is ok for a beginner biker but not for a serious biker. Gave it 4 stars because it worked out ok for my son who rides occasionally
I was happy to add this to my personal collection. The size of "bracelet" was large for a woman's wrist. I definitely needed other hand to fasten or to remove. My only complaint is that there was absolutely no edge to blade on arrival. It was essentially a hidden screw driver until I had a moderate edge put on it by a professional sharpener. And I will wear it when I am camping.
Very bright omg...but does'nt hold charge long enough in my opinion.
Took a long time to arrive.
great for fishing and everyday use...love the logo
Nice deep daily clean, and a great smell to boot! One star off for sloppy shipping - I lost about 1/4 of the bottle in the baggie it came in because the top was a little loose.
This replacement tip slotted right in to replace the original. However, the original seemed a better quality mouthpiece, heavier in the plastic somehow - 4 stars, because it's working great - just seems *not quite* as good as the original piece.
Wasn't sure if I would like this but so far I've really enjoyed this for handyman tasks. This allows me to put the tools I think I need in it for the task at hand. Meaning if I'm changing a light fixture I need something different than if I'm dealing with a plumbing issue. I can change out the tools and adjust in the fly. I'm making less trips up and down ladders and also find I'm putting less items on the top of ladders and instead inside the vest. I do wish the vest had a few more pockets on the front like the Stanley version but I don't think those pockets are worth the additional cost of the Stanley. I gave it 4 out of 5 because what others have said about it pulling on your neck when the front pockets are loaded up in correct. Next time I'm going to wear a collared shirt to see if that reduces any rubbing on the neck.
Decent quality tools, and good selection of useful items. The hammer is a good weight and not flimsy like in other kits. The bag is very nice and has extra room. Put together dresser, desk, nightstand and other apt items no problem. Cons: needs a multi blade small hand saw had to buy one separately. Also doesn't come with basic screws/nails for hanging pictures or any electrical or duct tape. Adjustable wrench would also be a plus. All in all a decent set for the price. Just know what you need when comparing - no one needs a 100 piece set where they count items you will never use.
Very funny movie, all the actresses were wonderful. Loved it.
PRODUCT WILL DO FINE
Good quality. Good looking, my coworkers all like it, but the 2 zippers are not the same way . The one open to back is hard to use with one hand.
good movie. 3d version is fantastic
Difficult to play with the FireTV remote, but works well with the Amazon game controller.
I like it. It definitely is a huge improvement on the stock gauge that comes standard with the Dewalt table saw and the price is right. The one reason I won't give it 5 stars is that the rough iron scratched the top of my table saw. As you can see in the picture, I remedied with metallic tape.
Machines need energy that you have to produce and you water tank needs to be kept full by pumping water from the ground. They're a small bit of realism that adds some interest to this type of game. Plus I'm the early stages (I've only just started playing) you have orders from people who have contracted for your farm's products (whose orders you can only cancel with gems) and orders from neighbors (whi h can be cancelled for free). And everyone arrives in a vehicle, trucks from other farms pull up every few minutes to sell to you, and you can clear your land slowly but only for a few coins and you don't have to wait to find tools. Very enjoyable touches.
I am 5'4" and 180lbs and this fits just right. Very comfortable and warm.
Only used it a few times , but it works better and faster than others I've tried, pretty good app.
This is a quality solder, but too thick for my needs.
Pretty bright great spread on beam. Spring in rear is a little weak so if you run with lught the battery loses contact and shuts off the light
Good historical movie for the whole family. Just wished there were bonus features on the disc.
A very nice well made little bag. It doesn't hold a lot but has enough room for a couple drinks and sandwiches. The plastic liner is made of a sheet of thick plastic that is folded at the corners to form an open box open at the top. Unfortunately the liner is made a little larger than the inside of the cooler so it is difficult to insert and remove. Once inserted, due to the size mismatch, it is heavily wrinkled which reduces the interior size of an already small cooler. I leave the liner out and put cold items in a plastic bag, works fine that way.
First time I saw this was after a facial. She recommended it for my dry lips. I bought on Amazon, love it and love the hint of color. Naturally brightens my face while moisturizing my lips
the cuffs on these are REALLY tight.. makes it hard to pull them off and on when gardening.
I have used this application in different devices and I Love it one of my favorite bible download.
Lots of interesting courses. Good instructors.
Like to keep up with the local news.
The only critiques I have is that I wish the spout was bigger, the finger loop was rotated counter-clockwise 90 degrees, and the volume lettering was more permanent. I do like the water bottle a lot, however.
This is my favorite lotion, it is expensive but I have felt worth it for the quality. But the container recently changed from metal to plastic, and when that happened, the hand pump was faulty. I had to open the container and shake the lotion out. Being the only time it had ever happened, I thought it was an isolated case. I bought another one, and it too, has a non-functioning pump. This product is too expensive to be inconvenient. I hope someone will address this issue.
I got one of these for work as I occasionally need to be heard over loud machinery. It works perfectly for that purpose. However, this is easily three times the size of a standard pea whistle.
Can't beat the price and they are legit golf pants. With that price you don't have to worry about hitting from muddy spots. They are worth it!
like it just what i was looking for
Can't beat the price for the quality. Great design. Battery life is not that great though. Used these on my runs so it does the job as they were intended when I purchased them.
They don't bleed which is great. The colors are not so vibrant but great for the price.
It describes double rolls, but they are very small rolls.
This tool kit is good for use on basic things. Now I don't have to run here and there to open small screws of toy or any furniture.
i think they are a little high on how long it will keep things cold as far as hours ,,but still a great cooler
They work pretty good if you have a small car and no racks. All you need is these and 2-4 rachet straps. My only complaint is they blow away if its windy because theyre really light. Theyll move around when you try and load it but they serve their purpose.
THIS HAS LOTS OF POCKETS AND IT VERY STURDY
I personally liked the box. The Pop is pretty awesome. The other three items we're okay, but I'll be honest, I subscribed mainly for the exclusive Deadpool Pop. The rest of the items are bonus for me. I actually liked the keychain and the luggage tag will come in handy as I do travel frequently. I'll admit the taco truck was a little weird, and might just wind up holding Post-it notes or my phone on my desk until it's novelty wears off.
Easy to pump up but having difficulty standing on it. Had a hard board and had no problem not sure why?? Bought kayak oars and love using it that way, fast and easy. Also very light weight and easy to store.
Mom loved the movie as she is one of the biggest Elvis fans there is.
I wish they sold one a little bigger. Around 4 inches all the way around would be perfect for me.... A few longer pockets wouldn't hurt either.
The size of the projector is perfect for storage and transporting around and viewing quality is great
Great item! Wish it was a little lighter though when you have it on the books.
comfortable, wish they were 80-90% cotton though they do feel a little plasticky
My dog and I sat in here, me comfortably in my chair, keeping all of our stuff and ourselves dry during my son's soccer game. Quite a few people stopped to check it out. Super easy to set up and carry. Only downside is it is extremely difficult to pack it back into the carrying case. This was even when I was inside our house just trying it out (even ripped the carrying case slightly trying to squeeze it back in). When out in the elements, I'm not going to take the time to push, squeeze, readjust it to get it back in. Thankfully it is super light and was no problem to just carry without the bag. If the carrying bag were bigger so you could easily slide it in, I'd give it 5 stars.
What can you say? Four good quality, nice and bright headlamps with batteries at an incredible price! Comparable in quality and brightness the Princeton Tech and Black Diamond lights we've used for a few years. Now we have headlamps stashed everywhere; the car, backpack, camping gear...Very happy.
Stanley Fat Max series (line) always delivers dependable high quality tools for home repairs. Better handles & grips than their standard series tools. Great value for the price; in my opinion, as dependable as many industry leading lines like Irwin, Klein, Milwaukee brand hand tools (I've been told Stanley & Proto tools are forged from Mac Tool dies = well engineered).
Plugs work great for lights and Christmas tree lights
Worked well for me and most importantly fit my face! Worked best after applying anti-fog drops to the inside of the lens before diving.
So far so good after 1 month of use. I love the color and the fact that it has its own stand! I cannot tell that it is any better or faster than my previous ion hair dryer which I had for 10 years. But it dries my hair nicely in a decent time and I am very pleased with it.
We got this for when we go to visit my parents and it very comfy. It doesn't take long to inflate and deflate. Putting the cable back was a bit hard but not so much.
Normally get what I ordered quick and in a hurry. But there are occasional times that there's a lag, from placement of order, to the actually getting the email and code. When that happens it's a while. But I've never had any issues with the codes, always have worked for me.. OH let's not forget the discounted price always a ++ in my book!
Great value for a small sized mop and broom storage.
Just received so I don't have any usage experience. Mine doesn't have the tear-off attachments and has a plain black strap with an O on it, so doesn't look like the image at all. The goggles fit over my prescription glasses just fine and there was a clear lens in the package as well, so no need to buy one of those for low-light conditions. The strap has a grippy surface so that it should stay put on my helmet, and during the few moments I tried it on it didn't put excessive pressure on my face with the strap at maximum length.
Availability of a lower cost compared to local cable company
Good movie...just don't leave the room or you'll be lost...
not fluke, but acceptable
It had a dent when I received it, but other than that it's a good cooler for the price.
This is my new favorite carry on backpack for when I travel! You can fit a surprising amount of stuff in here. The only reason I give it four stars is because the straps offer no support on your shoulders and if you have something heavy in your bag the straps get pretty uncomfortable.
I liked it as the price was fair. I gave it 4 stars because the pull length was not what I expected.
Smaller than expected
Very study. Seems a bit pricey , but I like it and may order another one.
This is cool fun I guest awesome
Before I packed it away in our bug out tote in the car I tested it out.. It worked well. the only issue I had was when after taking the tubing out of it's packaging to test it was very difficult to get into the nylon zip-up storage bag.. I did but it was not easy, partially due to trying to putting the spare filter element in the storage bag too. Maybe a larger storage bag?
It's 100% better than the paperwhite. So why four stars? Simple: I vastly prefer reading on my IPad Pro 12.9”. It's bigger, allows two pages to display simultaneously; allows highlighting in different colours- and does a whole lot of other things really well. Sure I won't read in the sun but I won't on the kindle or a paper book either. With night time light adjustment I find it doesn't keep me awake. It's simply better, but I like the kindle too. As for battery life, I find it no better than the IPad Pro if you read it. Count on a day and a half of reading before needing to recharge. The IPad is similar but actually seems better-I haven't done an exact comparison of battery life, but I feel Amazon are exaggerating to say it's much better than iPad. Both are excellent. Paperwhite is a notch down, with its small screen and fidgety page turning (no buttons and the oasis is more reliable to swipe). Of course the IPad lacks buttons, but swiping to change pages is easy and reliable.
I like the smell when brewing. After that it is the taste and I really like it. My husband does too.
One doesn't lock into collet.
I'm satisfied with the color, softness, and price of the t-shirts I bought (two 2-packs of the classic-fit short-sleeve crewneck, medium). Cons: wrinkles, some sagging at the neckline.
I have used this exact type of Ahava Body Wash for many years and love everything about it! My complaint is about the fact that the tops of the 3 bottles in my recent order were all loose, resulting in leakage all over the bottles and the box they arrived in. I ordered the body lotion as well, which came in a separate box, wrapped in a plastic bag, and was appropriately sealed tight. This spillage could have been easily avoided by making sure the tops were on tight, and wrapping each bottle individually for extra protection!
Once more Liam Neeson is great in this action movie We follow his character with interest
So just received this and will update after first actual use. But took it out of its bag and accidentally set it up in my living room! It's that easy to set it up. But yeah pulled the center up and it just popped open. But while it was open I noticed how meh the craftsmanship is. Lots of loose string, saw one too many basic straight stitches instead of flat felled seams (easier to rip in those spots), the stakes and rope are super thin and pretty terrible (will probably replace those). BUT it is very light weight and inexpensive and easy to set up. It seems perfect for easy camping. I don't know how well it'll hold up to rain or strong wind but on a nice summer day/night looks like it'll deal great! I'll update after some use.
Love the smell and texture. Hate how hard it is to open
Colors your grey and keeps your hair looking great !
So far this product has worked. I have the Ring camera right outside my front door, and I get a lot of foot traffic in my area. This seems to work pretty well.
somebody wanted it, I bought it, they liked it.
They are definetly worth the money
I've been fan of his since about 2005 and it's been interesting to hear the music mature, as he has as a person. The more I listen to this CD, the more I like it. A few of the songs feel a bit "sluggish" so to speak, but the majority are fantastic!! My favorites, by far, are "Paper Rain" and "House in the Trees", as they have a superb beat and just plain catchy! It's definitely worth getting a hold of this. :)
I needed a stronger light. They worked for small area.
I had to winter ranch coat and a vest I haven't been able to wear because of this zippers not working. This product works so well that I feel like I have a new coat and vest. My only suggestion is for the seller/maker to sell the zipper cleaner and zipper lubricant together as a 2-pack because my zippers were dirtier than I thought.
After reading all the review on oil painting cleaners, I chose this product. You need to be both careful and patient as you clean and restore, and you must have good ventilation. However, the system did brighten an old oil painting, and I am please with the results. The difference is subtle, but it was definitely worthwhile to do!
i bought it a second time it says its delivered but no where to be found please next time say its delivered only if it is because this is bs
The fabric was a little thin for me. But it fit like a glove and I felt confident wearing it!
I wish packs of large bottles or individual very large bottles were available in prime pantry. The small size of these bottles somewhat negates the convenience of having them delivered.
This thing is wonderful. not quite as powerful as I had hoped but I always expect too much. For its size it does an amazing job
Good game of locating the Object...
This game was fun, fast and done too soon!
Work ok but bend/break pretty easy when drilling glass.
Good knife, BG's always well made and sharp
As with other Carter's products the quality is excellent! Design is super cute and well made, the fabric is warm and soft. It's a good purchase for the price and quality. I gave four stars just because fits smaller than you expected. I bought them in size 9M but looked a 6M size.
This TV box has good design and many available channels. The setup is simple and friendly. The connection by WiFi is just good and I think with a internet cable should be better. Until now is working good with a HD image. Great purchase!
Other than being a little tight, they are well made.
Better than expected. Great for real estate salespeople and construction jobs.
As a DVD qua DVD, it works fine. As for it the movie it contains, namely, Threads, well, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I bought Threads because it is a historical representation of the fear people felt during the Cold War. It took me many years to locate a professionally produced copy of Threads. As entertainment, Threads takes itself way too seriously and would be vastly improved with a laugh track. If you like depressing, end of life-as-we-know-it movies, this is the film for you. The DVD's container is pretty neat: a picture of a stately British building (a cathedral maybe?) that switches from whole to burned out nd back depending on the angle from which you look at it. As a historical artifact I highly recommend Threads. As entertainment, not so much.
It was a good purchase but passport did not fit in there.
Will see when works for 50,000 hours.
Seems to be working on my headaches
Good price works great my daughter loves it
I did all the calculations for how much epoxy I would need to sink all my parts in it, and in the end, there ended up being about 11 cubic inches worth of wasted material from the mixing cups. Just be aware, order more! All in all, this is a good product!
Great movie ! Loved it !
Nothing I dislike it has met my expectations!
Cheap, but works WELL!
Absolutely one of the best hoods you can get!!! I was completely blown away by the clarity and field of view provided by this hood! I've tried others and this one is unrivaled. Been using it two months now and that automatic feature is a lifesaver! If you have the money definitely get this hood, you won't be disappointed!
Traction pad was AMAZING can surf very well with it
So far I like the product. Took it to camp for two days. Used it on and off for 4 hours each night for two days. Still didn't have to charge it.
Solid vice. I ordered a cheap one that I instantly returned because it was like a toy. This Vice is big, solid and can handle whatever I throw at it.
This was one of the best purchases I've ever made. Turned a blank wall in my bedroom, into a huge entertainment screen for a very reasonable price. The only complaint I would have with it is that it doesn't produce great sound quality, to compare with how nice the picture is. So I would suggest getting a real speaker setup to go with this awesome purchase. Football sunday will never be better.
Great product works great and produces a lot of ice
Great small lightweight rotary tool. It is not going to be as powerful as a big one, but this thing is very handy and compact. The charging is convenient. You can use a USB phone charger or computer. It has standard connectors.
Love the movie and the actors. Good take on King Author story.
I use this on all my devices to clean, clear, find, and manage all files and downloads
My grandson absolutely loves them!
Needed these for sometime. I had odds and ends before but would generally use the wrong size and would mess up the screw head and spend twice amount of time fixing my mishap.
Nice for that price.
I mean I used it the day it came in to remove a deep clog I had in my toilet and it was like I heard angels singing. WORTH EVERY PENNY!
This carabiner is strong and locks well. I'm using it to hold a water bottle to a day pack, and also appreciate that it is lightweight.
Bought this product for my husband and he likes it they think they are nice and useful and works good as he expected too. Overall , he likes it and likes using it !
Loved it!!!!!! I used it for standing in lines at Disney World and it really did the job to keep me hands free.
Tube worked perfectly and was delivered fast
As advertised and fast delivery.
Bought this to sand guitar bodies and so far it has worked perfectly. After sanding there is little to no dust in the air because of the vacuum bag attached. The handle fits very comfortably in my and makes it easy to maneuver. I would highly recommend this product!
Loved the product. Quality is really good. Happy with it. Thanks.
The color is pretty good When i need warmer just turn on Wait 10's can be heat heated quickly I can hang it in the bag Looking nice, love it
This product is super light weight! Flexible and easy to grab during a ride. Love it and will order a matching one for the other cage!
This was my wedding song years ago. It still stops my husband in his tracks whenever he hears it.
Great game but it needs more content.
Does the job - hard to calibrate, but it's relative.
Fits the fire hd 10 perfectly and the graphics are lovely and very vibrant.
This is a great album. Really enjoyed listening to it. Evie has such a lovely voice, you feel the presence of God when she sings. :) Really shows the true reason for the season, Jesus! :)
This is now the second one I have purchased. My son goes through Sippy cups like crazy because all other brands that claim to be durable don't last more than a couple months. NOT THIS ONE these are top rack dishwasher safe which was a major selling point for me along with the wide mouth bottle neck and spill proof lid. It even has a little ring like handle that makes it easier on my 2yr old to carry around everywhere.
I bought this for a friend who planned to travel outside the country. I told her it was to wear in case she was robbed--in the event a loss but not a GREAT loss. It is so pretty she was worried it would invite a robbery! (She wasn't robbed but really enjoyed wearing it.)
Perfection! Thank you so much for creating this!
I like it. Does the job as advertised.
Nice looking little flashlight. I use a rechargeable AAA. The three levels of brightness let me choose the amount of light I need and the flashlight looks pretty good too. I'm happy with the product and the price!
I love this book bag- it's great if your a commuter and you have to take a little of EVERYTHING with you. it holds my two planners, my journal, my kindle, make up, workout clothing, water bottle, my pen collection (cause everything must be color coded), and my lunch. I'm a bit obsessed with this bag.
They are definitely durable, True to fit, comfortable. I used them as work shorts so they are a little thicker than I would like being in 100 degree weather but I guess that's how they withstand so much wear and tear. It's a win in my book
Fun for the children
it's a very good bag. It's lightweight, can be folded away and has a ton of room for everything.
A little smaller than I expected but they are beautiful they were a Christmas gift for my mom
KNIPEX is the best manufacturer for all hand tools, especially pliers
I bought this to have a second one in my shop. It works great!
It was a gift for my son and he loved it. The fit was as expected and great quality. Warm and can be worn as dress or casual. Would definitely order again.
My daughter loves Scooby-Doo doo
At first, I was skeptical, but it actually worked. I bought it and got the code immediately in my order product detail.
I love this water bottle and never leave home without it. The size and shape are perfect, as is the opening which is easy to sip from. I drink from it sideways so the lid isn't in my face lol. It doesn't drip or leak and the locking feature works great. I have been putting it in my briefcase with my laptop for the last month without incident. I also like the one-touch button to open the lid (when it's unlocked). It's a big bottle, so of course it's much heavier than a plastic bottle. A hidden benefit is the handle on the back: it allows you to lay the bottle on its side without rolling around. Since it's so tall, this has been great for keeping it on my bedside table. Don't have to worry about knocking over a huge glass bottle in the middle of the night. It's easy to clean, and I like that no plastic comes into contact with the water. I have loved my Takeya water bottle forever but finally needed a replacement and they don't make the same one anymore. This one is even better, I'm glad I got it.
Super bright! It is a very handy lantern for camping and using around the house for lighting darkened spaces.
Simple to use. Fairly accurate especially considering the low price. Even includes extra batteries. A lot of functionality in one small device.
Quality knife all around !!!
Little flimsy but works great!
Good..............................................
Exactly as ordered. Quick delivery. Perfect fit and good quality!
Comes with an extra in case you goof. This is a three beer project not to be rushed. Mark old decal position with tape so you get them on even. Stickers are factory quality.
Super awesome product. Not allergic to this sunblock and am very happy.
Amazing summer album with sounds and lyrics that take you back to the 80s and 90s. Outstanding job Ben! Keep them coming!
This is a solid and good rack. I purchased the wrong one though and the 2 forward arms to the rear light post do not reach. It's been a big problem. Still working on a solution. May just buy the right one as the price is so good and use this one on another bike.
I finally received my product. The seller was remorseful and gave me a partial refund. I don't know what exactly happened enroute to the shipment but they have been extremely kind to me. If I need another product I'll get it from them if if it's available.
exactly as described
We use these soft paper towels in the place of large kleenex.
Love the storage case worked out well for what I needed
I purchased this tool box because I needed a tool box for my home. The tools are sturdy and it's one of the few that had the correct bit I needed for my car. I was able to use these tools for my car and house, I really like this tool set
Headphones fit very comfortably even while wearing glasses and noise cancellation is superb.
Found by accident and so glad we did, was so much more enjoyable then we even thought it would be. Fast delivery!
This EP has 5 of the most aesthetically pleasing music I have ever heard from the Foo Fighters, in my personal opinion of course. A definate must have for all Foo Fighter fans and a great album for anyone new to the band's sound.
got this to cut yard sticks to make a frame for my daughters first day of school chalkboard sign! exceeded expectations and made the job so much easier!!
Love this product, it is the only dry shampoo I will use. Smells great and does not leave my hair feeling heavy or leaves any white residue.
These ski straps are working really well so far and they feel durable and look pretty good too. Even though I've used ski straps before, most didn't have a section to carry my skis and were too small to fit both skis and poles. The thing I like about this one is that it has a section for the skis and another section for the poles. All in all pretty pleased with this!
I purchased this on a whim as I never buy the refill size in my grocery store. I will be reordering it again when I run low. There is enough product in this bottle to refill my old container 3 times. Since it is only me doing the dishes, it has lasted me for a couple months. I recommend this highly.
The colors on this bag are really neat, super bright and colorful. I bought this bag for my daughter who is currently in 5th grade. She used it today for the first time and received several compliments on it. It is large enough for a large binder, several workbooks and her lunch bag. The side pockets are great for her water bottle and she was thrilled by the secret pocket in the inside. It seems like a well made bag, sturdy and durable. Overall she is very happy with this bag!
Good show! Thought that more were made!
Just as described perfect part
I like that it goes on and off at the lowest setting without having to cycle through all settings to get to off. Dim setting is bright enough for most uses and the bright setting is really bright. It also has a very bright fast flash. Not sure what that's for.
Great snack, gluten free and price is right
Beautiful musical show. This part must have been written for John Legend who is just outstanding as are the other actors. If you enjoy musicals, I'd put this one at the top of my list.
Love it, love it. Super expensive but worth it.
It's a good product. I'm very satisfied. Thank u.
These things are awesome! Wish the metric set came with all sizes but able to fill the gaps with the standard set. Well worth the money
Very high quality!! This is an awesome deal! I'll be being a few more this next fall.
It was a gift and they liked it. I would absolutely recommend.
This has been a great tent.. we have had it up 24/7 for 17 months in a shady area at our annual camp site at the lake and have had no problems, until a deer decided to go thru it during a storm... now we only need a new screen, everything else is still fine.
Love these lineman, great for pulling wire with fish tape
Taste fine In the oven
these blades are excellent. They are durable and smooth cutting
Granddaughter...and daughter love this movie!
Half the price of peckers and just as good, I'm certainly impressed!
Husband likes it very much
packed as it is. good product with quality
We've bought 3 packs now. They are great little lights. Really bright and light up the front of the house well. Surprised we could get this brightness out of solar lights. Happy customer for sure.
ALL I can say is like it
Great movie for my collection! Fast shipment!
My kids are spoiled. They have tried a variety of Mac n cheese but this is the only one they will actually eat. I'm grateful we can order it now bc we live 2.5 hours away from WF. I mix in chicken, broccoli and mushrooms with zero complaints from my elementary age kiddos. Good luck out there in the world of feeding the cruelest of critics
I have been looking for a bike bag in order to have my phone available, water bottles, and to store just a few things. This bag came with 3 velcro straps, securing it without jostling as I ride. THe others I looked at were more expensive and didn't have this feature. The "cone" down makes it compact instead of a large " box" on the front. Aesthetically attractive!! I HIGHLY recommend this product. Almost forgot, the clear pouch at the top is great for maps, seeing calls, and let's not forget the safety - hard to steal, makes it available for calls in case of an emergency, just a very handy feature
I watched this cartoon when I was a kid it is still a good cartoon
This DVD is on repeat! My 3 yr old loves both movies very much and watches them in the car and it calms her down.
I thought about only buying on pry bar but I like this set and it's really nice having different sizes for working on cars.
This product keeps my hands warn and feels nice to wear so I am happy with these gloves.
Couldn't find these anywhere so perfect for my jigsaw
This is a great set of pajamas. I really like the colors, as they are a bit more unique than what you see everywhere else. Baby girl seems to be very comfortable in them as well. Size runs normal.
i have definite regrowth. of course, it's baby fine and thin wisps, but hey-- beats bald spots!!!
Great movies although some do not show a movie title but go directly to the movie and no commercials
Received the vest today... fits to size, comfortable, designed/does what it is supposed to do and has a lot of pockets!!!!
So adorable, and looked great on the Barefoot brand wine bottles.
I would purchase again for family if I needed to. Nice qualiy
It very good, me like very a lot, it play good in my sound holes
This product works seamlessly! I have struggled with loss of connections, wi-fi extenders, slow gaming, etc.. but this has solved all our connectivity woes.
Love the design and cotton material! Trying it out soon on an airplane. Yes people stare when I wear a mask on a plane. So excited to rock these.
As I expected. Great pan. I've always wanted a pan similar to the one my mother used when I was a child. Hopefully I will be able to produce meals as tasty as the ones she did. The first steaks came out very good.
Arrived on time and as promised.
Awesome album and songs. Love this guy and his wife on back up vocals. Lots of soul in the music.
I bought the almond blossom case and it is light weight, beautiful, well made, perfect coverage and protection and very comfortable to hold. 10 star!!!
Isn't cheaply made. Appears to work as good as the name brand stuff. I would recommend for anyone looking to get a deal on a caulk gun
Loved the movie and liked how Mr. Darcy's Aunt finally decides to be nice! Nice ending to the first movie. You need to watch Unleashing Mr. Darcy first!
Perfect fit for my leatherman surge. The snap button assures me that it will not fall out by accident. Great product.
My 3 year old loves it! Thank you! PS could be a little bit cheaper...
Good sun protection and nice casual style. Well made item.
No frills DVD set and all seasons played perfectly. You have the option to watch the show as it was intended: without canned laughter which I think makes watching a better experience. This set actually contains the series finale twice: Disc 3 of Season 11 and part of a 2 Disc set with the Extras.
I bought it for swimming laps at our local pool. It helps me with having breathing issues having to not raise my head out of the water all the time. Fits really well. The one way valve works great.
Great singers all together on one great CD
Unfortunately I had to return the pack. Our dog was right between two sizes and it didn't fit her well enough. That being said, I was impressed by the material and how easy it was to adjust and put on the dog. Would have enjoyed using it if she wasn't between sizes.
A great addition to the Chapin collection.
I honestly don't do many reviews unless a product I buy is exactly what I wanted and expected. I got the 3 person tent and For this tent it so far has exceeded my expectations. The day I got it me and my kids set it up for the first time in under 3 minutes and put it back in the bag much smaller then how the factory had it. The two vestibules are awesome and will give us plenty of room to store are gear. I've purchased a lot of other tents that are twice as big and heavy and make it miserable to use for hiking. Now Me and my kids will be using this tent for are hiking trips for now on and it was money well spent.
I love big water bottles but hate that they never fit into cup holders. This one does! The straw seals well too.
perfect film. the box has some slight malformation but the presentation and bonus feature are remarkable, aside from the film finally having the desired aspect ratio.
Came early and just as promised.
Very useful app for current news and commentary from an authoritative source. Comfortable user experience.
This was a Christmas gift and my husband loves it!
Good salt. Will order again.
Outstanding Performance!!!
Easy to set up, and very comfortable. Slept a wee hole week on it.
These have been hard to find. No longer in the big box stores.
granddaughter loves this game...goes through the levels very quickly
Works great easy to assemble
Great gift for the man who has everything! Looks sharp! Fast delivery, nice gift box. Thank you!
This wagon is very good , strong and beautiful , very useful for a camping person 👍👍
Good movie and little messed up but hey we all are
cheaper and works as good as dewalt
I love that this holds up to 6 shears/scissors and has a center section for other items. I would like a small pouch or sleeve but this is great as it is. Larger than I thought but well padded and my shears are safe. Very nice looking too.
I love how easy it is to put kindle in however don't like how there is no screen protector!
Works great once under water you don't really notice it there is just a little more weight not bad
I have owned a copy of, The greatest story ever told. And recently bought one off Amazon for my friend as a gift. Very happy with the product.
I love that I don't feel like I'm chewing through it like I do on most. Just ordered another one for backup.
I just wanted to buy something cheap for the rest of my gift card and saw these candies. They're so good.
Great hands free light for night time work. When temperatures are too hot during the day I do my outside chores at night. Need a bright, reliable, long lasting headlamp that's up to the challenge. I'm very happy with this product!
It clamps things, and does it well. The range is slightly higher than 3" if you need it to be. I was about to get the 2" version, but getting the 3" one really made this a more versatile tool for other projects.
Exactly what I need for keeping my "veggie" grow properly balanced.
Very loud and just the right size.
This is a great item. I use it with a weight rack for my home gym, and it's incredible how easy it moves around 300lbs. I suggest using a youtube video titled "HTC 2000 Mobile Base Assembly", which makes the installation process a breeze. Without the video, it would take about twice as long. You'll thank me later.
Love this thing. I Bought it for a trip to Moab and it was fantastic. Lots of storage room and a huge bladder. I was able to carry snacks and tools with no problem and even jammed a shirt in it on one ride. The bite valve worked well though the positioning took a little getting used to. The reservoir was easy to fill and no leaking! The tool pouch is a nice touch as is the helmet hook. One of the best parts of the pack is how cool my back stayed while riding. I have a very long torso so it could be a touch longer but all in all I thought it was nearly perfect. Writing this review makes me want to get out and ride!
Perfect kneeboard for a student pilot. Has all the bells and whistles (more than I need personally) to alternate to either knee depending on your flight profile.
Jesus! Count me in that number.
Great product.. good size. Nice and comfy
Package was received open. Boxes remain sealed. These are Christmas gifts so I', mot sure they work
This storage rack system fit my needs perfectly. It is a very solid and strong rack. My Jackson kayak is large and weighs 70 lbs. and is held securely. The straps are large and snap together easily. It frees up room on my dock and I can store the kayak inverted and then roll it over before sliding it off and into the water. It is also well cushioned in the rack. The difficult part for me was drilling holes though the metal uprights on my dock.
I haven't used these products yet, the raincoat used before was very heavy. It's very inconvenient to put on. So I tried this raincoat, it feels great to put on. There is no sense of obstructing action. When I opened the package, I found a variety of raincoats in different colors, each of us can choose the color we like. I think we can take it with us on the field trip. Because it was raining hard days ago, it was I who carried a raincoat like this I won't get caught in the rain, I don't even feel it. It's a great feeling. A raincoat is long enough, it won't get your knees wet. That's not what other raincoats can do. So I suggest you take a raincoat like this. It won't take up your space and it will bring you convenience.
Good plane for those who know how to use one
This tool is extremely well suited for its task. As with most Ryobi tools, it is both medium duty and extremely well priced. I am a proud owner of most Ryobi One+ tools and I love the uniformity of this line.
These work great. I prefer the daylight instead of the dingy yellow lights we had previously. These have brightened up the house and I've added more to the cart to replace all of this style throughout our house.
LOVE IT. Supportive and not bulky. Lace is very simple and elegant
I have been waiting for this to come on DVD and the other night my hubby pulled out our VHS copy so I looked to see if it was on DVD yet and there it was. When we got it just 2 days later, we plugged it into the player and watched it. I was so thrilled to see it again. Have had the book since it first came out way back in the way back days and I am truly happy to be able to watch it again. I love this story.
The product was as advertised, quick delivery. As opposed to previous traction devices, these stay on and delivery what they promised. I would recommend them to anyone who hikes winter trails.
This saw was very useful and easy to use
Fit my portable tank, appears to be an all metal valve and works great.
Right out of the box was already charged, this was a plus because my niece was able to try it out right away. Product is heavy. Works very well.
Candy is always great.
I like this product other ones burns my skin
The picture quality is great! Now that we have a home theater, watching movies together has become our favorite pastime as a family.
Strung it up in my Jeep, works well and is comfortable
I am not paid for a review. I bought this kit for my two boys (10 and 6). The product was packaged very nice and came on time. Installation was a breeze. My boys love the colors (red, white and blue). I could not be happier with this product and would recommend for anyone of all ages. One of my Best Buy's on amazon.
Everyone lives a amazon gift card
Bought this for hubby when he does yard work. He suffers from allergies and this mask helps him a lot. Especially like the separate filters. Highly recommend!
Can't tell the difference between these and the brand name vanilla wafers
I haven't even opened the box yet, lol. Based on my daughter's recommendation, I bought this chair to give to my son for Christmas. I can tell you that she absolutely loves this chair! They planned a 3 day hiking canoe trip with 2 of their kids last summer with another friend and his child. They all had these chairs except my son and grandson. Needless to say they will have them for the next trip! Very packable and lightweight.
The animation is so cute and the story is extremely fun. I emailed customer support and they got back to me very fast. My sister showed my girlfriend and I the game and we haven't stopped playing it since.
Perfect for my taste.
Exactly what I wanted at a fair pric!
Very helpful. Complete the tools package.
Seems like a pretty good air gun, so far. Much higher airflow than the cheap stuff out there. Really like the extensions for that little extra reach that keeps me from having to bend over so much. Adjustable flow on the small outlet is nice if ya need it for a lower pressure but it can't be connected to the other extensions. Build quality seems to be decent and it has a nice weight/feel. Trigger control is very good. My only hope is that it's durable. It will definitely last longer the cheapo plastic junk but may not be as good as maybe a Milton - time will tell.
Love it. Great for any bolt or nut that is hand tight.
Great product. As far as practical needs go, i like the metal cages better than plastic
Aloha. I kept this knife with me everyday until I lost it. The grip is comfortable. The blade assist worked very well after it broke in. It comes sharp and stayed sharp for a good while. The pocket clip is VERY strong. Especially compared to its predecessor The Trident, (also a good knife) whose biggest complaint was the clips breaking off unexpectedly. The new clip is almost too strong but I still highly recommend the knife. Worth the buy.
A bit pricy but works well.
Handsome looking case. Seems durable and well made. All the cut-outs are in the right places. Price was right
Was looking for the daily challenges, but this is good also.
Very well done not a stitch out of place
bought this for my direct drive bike trainer to match my road bike cassette and for being new with bike riding and online training, I had no problem installing the cassette but then I also have a lot of tools to use for tightening the locking nut so had no problems getting it tightened.
Very bright. Very good for my bathroom!
This was a gift and the recipient loves it!
Worked really well. Bought 2 for a 5 and 7 year old and they was able to use them without problems. Wish I would have purchased one for my wife and I.
Great filters for my Wen air filter.
Her haunting voice and music are incredible as usual
Love it. It is so fun but
It's Bob Hope, what else can I say?
Amazing! I needed these by a certain the date. The seller contacted me within hours, made the bows, and HAD to have sent them out same day because I got them today. I am so impressed with not only the level of service, but the bows are absolutely perfect! Great size for Daisies, who are little girls. Thank you so much for your beautiful, quick, affordable work!
They work as advertised. Went camping on a 3-day trip and they never ripped or leaked. Kept things like cell phones, fishing licenses and electric cables in them for the trips into the canoes. They're not overly large, and are meant for items that would fit into a pocket or small bag. For the price, they are awesome.
I love these poles! There are 2 in the order (some sites only sell 1 for this price.) I took them to Peru and they fit in my bag super easy. They are very lightweight. They also have nice foam grips (which for me is nice b/c my hands sweat).
two of the disc cases were damaged, probably due to transport. the series itself is extremely well drawn and extreme in every in every sense. Thoroughly enjoyable. Buy it, you won't regret it
I bought another one in a different color for my boyfriend to use at work. These are great bottles and keep the water cold all day!
I bought these as snacks and my whole family had a favorite in the variety box. its the perfect mix!
This set is portable, solid and easy to transport in its own case. Looks like a winner.
Good product. Good quality. It is very good enough for our family of four. There have a bag for carry out .It is very small. It doesn't take up space.
Brought to life in Blu-Ray! A classic that every American should see.
Product was delivered earlier than promised. Fits my Kindle and has a nice feel and the color is attractive .
It's so awesome to be able to inflate super quickly and use right away with such comfort! I can't wait to use in my tent while camping and not have to worry about blowing up the air mattress for hours. Plus can be used elsewhere suck as the beach or pool. Very happy with the quality, and comfort! Very happy with this purchase!
Best pump made to carry on a bicycle! - well worth the cost
Use the ankle weights daily
Very delicate, I like it very much.
These have the same feel and performance as the ones I bought in the states but for half the price
Especially wonderful if your friend or family member have everything. LOVED IT!
This little light exceeded expectations. I'd been using an older light that ran on two AAA batteries. My wife gave me the Cygolite headlight as a gift, and the rechargeability appealed to me, so I ordered this so I could have all rechargeable lighting. It's pretty hard to be dazzled by red light because of the way the eye works, but this sure as hell dazzled me when I first turned it on, facing my eyes. WOW. There are lots of modes to cycle through, from short and medium flashes to dim up, dim down to solid ON. It takes a minute to get used to holding down the button to turn it off, but once you've got that, the light "remembers" what mode it was in when you turned it off, and comes back to that mode when you turn it back on, which to me is exactly the right behavior. Love this little light!
This adapter is the best one I've come across for plugging in US devices to European two pronged ROUND plugs (be aware-Switzerland uses smaller two pronged adapters). It is really well constructed- not flimsy like many I've used before. The additional USB plugs made it perfect for charging phone and e-reader along with computer. Not the smallest, but it is worth having something that doesn't spark or break in half! Will buy again!
I purchased 2 of these lights and was surprised at how bright they are. Very convenient for places you can't or don't want to run hardwired electricity. They would also be great for a camping trip. I will definitely be buying more.
Good as always, lots of good stuff.
I've been a big fan of these projectors brings people together to spend movie time. I've been using it for like couple of weeks and played it like 3-4 hours over the weekend to watch movies. It was running fine and easy to use. Heard lot of heat problems about these little ones but dint experienced much of a heat while within
This is truly a classic series I can watch over and over again.
Great horror movie with great actors....if you like werewolf movies.
I bought So Far Gone to add to my Drake collection!
Great tool when working on 90 degree corners. Like a third hand.
I bought this ice maker as a gift to my friend,he likes drink cold beer very much. He says this machine is suitable and perfect for everyday use this summer, he surprised at how quickly it started to make ice cubes.
This is a helpful tool as a police officer I use it to measure distances on car crashes. I like that it comes in a carry case.
THESE WORK VERY WELL WITH THE STANLEY ELECTRIC NAILER. VERY EFFECTIVE AT A REASONABLE PRICE.
It's a nice case! Relatively easy to install, has a built in screen protector, it hardly adds much bulk to the kindle, and it makes handling it easier. For the money, I highly recommend this case
Very light, almost like not wearing a hat.
Ideal size. Fits nice in a corner. Will fit in a Semi truck nicely.
My husband needed some new gloves that could stand up to a weekend campout with church youth in January. They were going someplace that had a cabin but had so much snow they had t snowmobile in 10-15 minutes one way. They played in the snow and were out in it and it kept his hands really dry. He did have to use some hot hands after having to stand outside waiting for the snowmobiles for 20+ minutes but overall were so happy with these, they are perfect for our needs and less bulky but not less warm than other gloves.
I like these alarms, I gave one to my daughter, one to my granddaughter and kept one for myself. The noise is REALLY loud and it's easy to pull the cord and set it off, but not so easy that I'm worried that I'll set if off by accident.
I love this camp bed. It's very easy to make it. Very comfortable and easy to unfold. I love it
Couldn't be more happier great customer service and fast shipping
Just as described, very pretty an in perfect condition.
Fast service great product!
It is a good case. It is exactly what I expected. Seems very sturdy and great for the price.
It works well in our living room with clear walls because of the high lumens. And with the projector screen it becomes easy to play in the bedroom by covering the posters and wall art. The projector is easy to plug and play so convenient to carry to a friends place for fun movie night
They showed up early and as the discrimination says it was a box of 50 very happy and well worth the money
Great price for the set. Fit well and easy to install.
Great deal on a bike made for smaller children who can't ride bigger bicycles. This helps them to learn how to balance and basically learn to ride. Big thumbs up for these bikes.
It is colorful and makes it easy for me to locate my Kindle.
I love my new Checkbook Cover! I like the Idea that I can keep my credit card in it and it has the added Security!
Bought this to do HVAC work on my house and needed something that could give me precision cuts in duct work. This thing did not disappoint and found it to be a great addition to my tool box. It's exceptionally easy to use and cuts very quickly with a clean edge.
Love my heat tool, is very easy to use and very fast while melting my embossing powder.
Very nice case - guys well, good protection
Great, slightly too warm in color but a great alternative to the very stark white lights we had before. Arrived safely and very quickly
Great marketing gift. Well designed and durable and well priced
I prefer these to the very watered down remake featuring the Rock. What a great story based on one man's stand for justice and inability to be bought. We could use heroes like this today.
exceptional, and your talking to a tool guy
It was for a neighbor's 26" Specialized Hard Rock bicycle. I needed to easily trim off an inch on the tip for it lean properly.
ABsolutely love Cher n anything she ever does is great great great!!
Remote printing is very convenient! Color was good quality! Nice printer.
We had a good time... but didn't buy it.
I love my McAfee.. haven't used anything else in years and don't have to worry about anything.
Great alternative to over priced name brand
Perfect color, true to incandescent bulbs. Look great in lamp post light. Provides light both up, down, and 360 degrees. Very happy.
Helps with brassiness, and actually cleans my hair!
Great product that I can't find in local stores. Very happy that Amazon had them!
this pump is small but durable. works great and doesnt take up much room when packing. im well satisfied and would recommend this.
Thanks! Fast shipping, sturdy tires made for areas that have too much debris on the ground!!
I really like the magnetic attachment on this case - it feels very strong, and I haven't had any problems with it detaching. It has a nice feel and adds less bulk than the other case I tried. I actually like that it evens out the back while leaving some of the aluminum exposed, which creates a nice look.
Our family loves hammock camping and these hammocks are perfect. easy to hang and comfortable
Very good and funny acting by huge stars.
Material is of quality , not too thick and not too thin, kept me warm , loose fitting is just perfect, highly recommended
Reasonably priced, compact and keep stuff COLD! Isn't that what you want form a personal cooler, great for a day at the beach or fishing or picnic. Can easily handle 8-10 drinks or combo of food and drink, cleans up easily and 1:10 the price of similar sized Yeti. Go for it.
I was glad to get my movie. But it was left down in the lobby. Where someone can take it. Not happy
Works well, lasts a few weeks with heavy shoe use
I had mid-low expectations due to the low price of this flow meter. Heck harbor freight wants 90 bucks! This flow meter exceeded my expectations in build quality, machining, etc. I have no way to measure its accuracy.
I have to be honest, I wasn't sure what to expect with this projector. I really wanted one for movies outside at my cabin by the fire and for gaming parties with friends. I had read reviews on cheaper and more expensive ones, but most of them were misleading as to the actual resolution they were natively capable of outputting. THIS ONE IS ACTUALLY HD!! Ok, so let's talk about what came in the box. It includes a nice remote, the A/V cables, power cord, and a bonus HDMI cable! The packaging is really high quality and projector looks and feels so as well. Setup was super easy, about 2mins and I had YouTube projected on my wall. I have to say the picture quality was way better than I expected! I don't even currently have a screen, so I was projecting it on my bare wall that's not even white. I will say, it does help to have it as dark as possible when watching. If there is a negative, it's that it's not crazy bright, but I didn't expect that for a sub $200 HD projector. With that said, I think it's just fine in most cases. I imagine with a proper screen, or even a flat white wall, it would look dang good. I didn't take a picture of the image it showed just because I feel like it's rather hard to capture what it looks like with a still image. Either way, I'm really happy I bought this and I'm so excited to use it more!
This makes me happy every time I hear it! Very uplifting!
Exactly as described and quick to ship.
I love my bag and get tickled when I pull it out at work.
I received my stickers today, they are exactly as I expected!! Even had a hand written note with them and it sure made my day. I wanted to thank you for the awesome stickers, and also THANK YOU for your services!!
As a retired cosmetologist, this blow dryer is outstanding !! Great price, evenly balanced in my hand and heat settings all make for a fabulous bargain.
I have always carried a handheld bottle and wore a small waist pack. I bought this because it was a great price and I've liked a lot of the Camelbak products I've bought over the years for cycling and running. I ran 8 miles of hilly trails with it today. There was no bouncing or discomfort from using it. I did the first four miles with the bottle to the back and the second four miles with the bottle to the front and I liked it better there because it gave me quick access to the pocket at my right hip and it sat comfortably across my stomach. Pocket is a little bit stretchy, had room for key, IDs, gels and my Keltec .380 but it can also fit my larger Taurus 9 if I wanted it when hiking. I hope the fabric holds up over the time of using it. Only issue today was the brand new fabric a little slippery and had to retighten the belt a couple times during the run but I think once it gets a little dirty/sweaty it'll hold better. Great purchase, hope this helps if any other well protected runners are wondering how big that pocket is ;-)
Classic candy, always great!
My Camping RV DVD player. And excellent DVD Series..
Small clips are ideal for holding quilt binding as you sew. They seem as sturdy as the name brand clips, at a fraction of the cost. It is truly wonderful not to be poked with straight pins . I'm using them now for bag and rug making projects, which require lots of clips.
Excellent quality mini screwdriver set. Works well if you are setting up a stereo system I need small screwdrivers for installing banana clips or other electronic components
The dentist suggested I begin using a toothpaste for sensitive teeth since I was experiencing pain while drinking cold liquids. I love this toothpaste, it has helped a ton with my sensitive mouth. The only con is i wish the tubes were larger as I run out quicker than the old toothpaste I was using.
Kids ate them without any complaints
Very nice! Extremely comfortable. Takes a long time to fill, but very good. Worth the money 100%
This completes my collection of the Mary Tyler Moore Show. Even in re-runs I am enjoying it again. It is still relevant and younger family members are even enjoying it.
Takes alot of the mess out of greasing fittings. Positive locking works perfect. I Definatly recommend this. Not great in tight places though
well made easy to use great seller shipped quickly packaged well
Just like the picture and the ear plugs are soft and durable. Thanks!
I love this fridge i mainly use it for beverages. But the crisper i use for extra space and it does freeze ice cubes. It is styled perfect.
I needed these to remove a stripped out lug nut on my aftermarket wheels. I wasn't sure if the socket was deep enough to make it past the threads on the stud and still grip the nut enough. Also I needed it to be thin walled to fit the hole in my wheel. It worked flawlessly. I tapped it on there pretty firm and then gave it a twist. Off came the nut. These are not shallow sockets or deep. They are kinda in between. Will purchase again if needed. Saved me a big headache.
They are what I was looking for
Great phone, best value for Android out there. Works perfectly on Verizon wireless, which can be a bugaboo with unlocked phones.
Good size and material
Much better than what I previously bought at HD
Awesome sleeves, great quality.
We've been using this drill almost daily for three months (we recently moved into a new house and so have a lot of reasons to need a drill), and we couldn't be happier. It is light and versatile. The batteries last a long time and charge incredibly quickly.
It was exactly what I wanted/needed - something to hold small brass or copper tubes or rods while working on them, to keep them from rotating without having to grip them with something that could bend or mar them. Looks to be nicely made, especially for such a great price.
i was skeptical for the price but i needed something for my job and i liked how this one looked. figured for this cost it will be plastic and was i sorely mistaken. this is solid metal through and through. The only plastic is the sharpener which took my old knife and sharpened it to a sharp edge so that was nice. Its pretty heavy but thats great as the features are meant to break glass and cut seat belts in emergency. this will do the job. All in all i am very pleased with this knife and plan to buy more if this one dies on me. Till than have a great day.
Great movie for suspense and thrill. Makes u think at the end.
strong, quality product
Love to take a nap listening to the sounds of the ocean.
I like the case color and the fact that it is easily put on.
Gave this as a Christmas gift to our 6-year old granddaughter. She was delighted, and after a short period of battery charging she began intuitively using it with ease. A greatly appreciated treasure... even used on a limited basis by her 1-year old sister.
This product definitely gave me the biggest bang for my buck my daughter loves it and loves the fact that it lights up and plays music
The recommendations on their website were very helpful. I first washed my jackets (2 at a time) with 3.3 oz of the Tech Wash in a front loader on a warm water low spin cycle. Immediately upon completion, I filled the liquid soap dispenser tray with 3.3 oz of the Soft Shell Proof and ran a warm water low spin cycle. Once that completed, I hung them up for about 20 minutes and then ran them in the dryer at a medium temperature for about 30 minutes (thank you to the other reviewer for that recommendation). With this approach, these bottles allowed for 3 cycles each, thus 6 jackets. The outcome is better than I expected. The Tech Wash somehow cleaned them better than my regular detergent and in combination with the Soft Shell Proof revitalized the color and fabric of all the jackets I washed (ski, running, fall, etc. jackets). It has not rained yet since I did all that, but I tested the water resistance by splashing them with water and it beaded up immediately. Nothing went through the fabric. This is not a cheap a product, but it does what it claims and it does so very well. My jackets were investments for me and I plan on doing this at least once a year.
As we frequently watch Counting Cars, we were excited to get this CD! We are really enjoying it and would recommend it to all the fans of the show!
As expected it's a gift card
I have tiny lobes and love big earrings. These backs keep them in place and do not droop.
A fun game to play to pass the time!!
They were not an exact fit, however, two minutes with a file and they fit perfect and work well.
Movie was new and in excellent condition. I love having this memoir of Prince. It's a classic to be treasured.
I bought two pair and so far they are great. They're a simple pair of lightweight cycling shorts that are perfect for MTB. The zippered pockets work great and the fit is nice. No complaints about these shorts. Just get them already! 😂
Always on the search for a hair protectant that doesn't weigh it down/is sticky, and smells nice. This is it. I refuse to use anything else! Smells great and mists my hair rather than sticking to it and making it a thick texture (which can be hard to straighten). Money is worth it too.
Loved the pattern. Protects my kindle. Happy with my purchase.
I have been impressed with this product compared to others for 2-3 times the price! Super simple to use, lightweight, easy to inflate and deflate. I can't wait for many trips with this on the trails!
I was nervous about buying a hammock, but I decided to for college. I set it up and it has been amazing so far! It is also very breathable!
The first one we bought broke right away then we bought another one and so far it's working right
My 3rd old loves his new bike seat. I had another child seat on the back of my bike but this new seat is lighter, more comfortable and we have constant conversations together; better for both of us. I took it to my bike shop before attaching to get their option on it and they really liked the design. I can't recommend this enough. I was worried about it being safe as he is not strapped in but he is between my arms and I actually feel more safe with this seat than my last one. I was also concerned about it fitting my 29er bike but it fits both my and my husband's bike very easily. When I pedal I have my knees out slightly but the advantages of this seat out way that slight disadvantage. I am so glad I gave it a try.
What sucks when it doesn't suck? Okay don't answer that. But this is the best budget solder remover available!
I was pleasantly surprised at how fast this pump is. Controls and display are convenient and easy to use. This pump is not as loud as some I have used. Only drawback, common on most compact units, there is a place to store away the chords, but you will never fit them back inside. Great unit, great buy.
Product just as described. I'm sure it will help protect my tent, just as I'd hoped it would!
Could not have been more straight forward. Mount using the included hardware, program using the little toggles and you're off the too races, The solid construction and rubber cover will make this security case a great addition for years to come.
Worked like a gem and renewed my bike pump.
Delivered electronically quickly
The printing is really good quality, I think this is a brilliant idea for my kid's fiver year old birthday gift.
I bought these earmuffs for my son, and I saw a lot of children's headphones, but worried that they were not professional enough, so I chose this professional shooting earmuffs. My son hates a lot of everyday voice. So he is very resistant to going out and unwilling to accept new things. This earphone helps eliminate noise, so that he can participate in activities he usually avoids. You know there'll be annoying noises or crowds, like grocery shopping and hospitals, or when we go to places with lots of young, noisy children. Sometimes, I will use when mowing with a large, very loud zero radius riding mower. I like to wear earplugs under the earmuff so that I can listen to the audio books when harvesting. My other earmuffs hurt the top of my head and my head and ears after a while, pushing my sunglasses. It will become very painful and annoying. This pair is very comfortable (I wear it for 3-5 hours at a time) and is mainly used for hearing protection. They're better than any of my other devices, allowing me to listen to music or books without turning the phone too high, which in some ways undermines the purpose of hearing protection! The only hat they wear is baseball cap, but any head hearing protection I wear is true. I've tried the back of the hood, but they're never fit to stay on, and they're uncomfortable enough to deafen the noise.
Classic, buy this movie
Best game ever I just can't stop playing I just love it have my grand kids playing n they love it
Nice movie! Enjoyable to watch. She is an absolutely fabulous actor and I found myself really appreciating her character, esp for the era, since female actor roles during that time would portray women as emotional wrecks and completely incapable or strictly for the purpose of doting on men. Anyway, the point is, such a fun movie!!
this thing does the job for around house work. I haven't done any cutting with medals or tiles. It cuts good on wood. Good grip and smooth cut.
great buy for the money.
Very good quality product. Highly suggest
Nice size. Well made. Loved by the whole family.
Gaia is one of the best sources for spiritual information. I highly recommend it.
I absolutely love this helmet. It is so hard to find a helmet that fits my kids' head properly, however, this fits perfect. The thing that I like most about this helmet is the adjustable back. My three year old and five year old can both wear this helmet, which is great! I wasn't sure if this would fit my five year old, his head measures 55 cm, but the small was a perfect fit. The helmet also has a padded chin strap which makes it comfortable to wear. My three year old often refuses his helmet, but I had no problems with this one.
Small and light, but very very accurate. Just turn it on and press the button and you get the exact distance from the laser measuring tool to the other side. A great product that I would not be without. And the price was fantastic.
A great hole saw kit that's not going to break the bank.
Everyone needs to know the history behind this movie.
I love this movie! I bought it for a teenage relative who likes the new version of the movie. I told her she had to see the original if only to compare the two. She likes the Fonda/Ball version better! Light hearted, funny, and just enjoyable.
Gave to each of our 5 kids as a family gift..they loved them!
Yay fun so far bunnies are cute.
Great product. Easy to install. Echo show is still very responsive.
Fit very well. Pleased
Best treat I've ever had! I dig into it with a spoon and it's gone the first day! Lol.
Good reflectivity. Good price. I bought this item for early morning runs. When clad in this I feel way more comfortable running through my suburban roads. I've used this item a couple weeks and it looks that it will hold up for a very long time. I also strap on the 2 included bracelets around my ankles to show motorists movement, as I think a stagnant floating vest may not catch there eye. If you run in the dark do yourself and everyone around you a favor and wear reflective clothing. This small fee could save your life.
Fits well, looks great; huge improvement and planning to change rear wheel as well.
MY LIGHT WEIGHT, EVERY DAY DRILL, BARE TOOL, GREAT PRICE, I USE AFTER MARKET BATTERIES , PURCHASED ON AMAZON, THANX A TRILLION, LARRY, THE HOLISTIC, RN.
Excellent product! Worked perfectly. This is THE disc to use to restore your PC. Would give it 10 stars if it would let me. Highly recommend!
Work great and got them in 3 days
Excellent fit and appears good quality. Shipped quickly and a good price.
The bag was perfect as it is made for 2. My girlfriend doesn't like small bags that confine her and she likes the comfort of knowing and feeling me next to her as she is new to camping. It also her being cold blooded helps keep her warm with a body next to her. It is perfect for couples and camping beginners.
Great blanket . Very pretty . I do wish it was a little smaller - only so I could get a closer picture without cutting parts of the blanket off in the frame
I considered many options before ordering this headlamp. This was one of the least expensive options, but I love everything about it. The band is comfortable. The light is very bright and has different brightness options and you can adjust to shine straight ahead or down at your feet (and the adjustment mechanism is very sturdy and stable). I actually ordered a second one to keep by the bed for reading. At this price, why not?
We got this for my 10 year old son for his birthday. He absolutely loves it! He picked it up pretty fast surprisingly. The price is great too! We chose this one because it had good reviews and the price was right.
Great saw. Flexible and works as expected.
I wish I could order gallon candles in this scent. It is so cozy and comforting.
We just got back from a camping trip and we used these for our main source of light when it got dark. We hung a couple of them in the trees on our campsite and it was perfect. We used them in our tent and when we had to make trips to the restroom.
Addicting and exciting
Very nice for the grandsons bike. Very bright. Easy to put on.
Great tire for the money, I put them on my Mini Cooper
This works very well to connect laptop wireless to TV monitor. This is my fourth purchase and we have no issue at all. I would highly recommend the product to others.
All the products help with my pain from plantar fasciitis,so I can keep working. I recommend these products.
Good fit and warm. Seem to breath okay.
Loved the music. Sad story. Great acting.
Hello, I Really found this helmet to be quit comfortable, The fit was a tad loose ,but really comfortable. The material is lite weight I really like the helmet so far . I would buy it again.
Got this for notebook & phone repair. It's a nice surface. The magnetic strips are great for holding screws & tools the pattern screw holder is awesome. Just drop the screws in the pattern removed. Made it very easy to reassemble the phone.
Good condition and all dvds played!
The one pole set up makes this tent a very easy set up for a single person. I prefer hammock camping but needed a tent that was light weight and easy to set up when no trees are available and this definitely fit the bill. When my son saw it set up, he decided he needed one too. I did have some issues with ordering through Amazon because they sent me the wrong product twice (the Yosemite tent [2 individual poles] instead of the Zion). So I ended up sending both of those back and ended up ordering directly from the Hyke & Byke website to receive the correct product. Their customer service was great and I highly recommend.
Very nice helmet. It's sturdy and fits very well, it has nice cushioning, it feels comfortable and is well filtered so you don't sweat much while wearing.
Great condition would definitely recommend
Taller than the original!
It worked very well for my PVC pipe project.
I'm very pleased and happy with my cat it does exactly what supposed to in my love the color on it I had ordered one before they were supposed to help have like dollar bills on it money green and they sent me the wrong damn cap just a regular green one so needless to say I was quite flattered but I'm already traveling because I'm already in Hawaii so I don't have time to send it back or contact Amazon I'm just saying they sent me the wrong thing
I just got my 2nd gen oasis and love it! this sleeve fits my needs perfectly. I got the blue which is a soft shade and not garish. Exterior is nice suede like material, not shiny and plastic looking. I have not had any "screen on" issues. I prefer my kindle naked rather than an attached cover. This does the job quite well.
If you already have the DeWalt batteries his is a great addition. This fan is so convenient to use that I end up using it all the time. It moves an impressive amount of air while at the same time is quiet. A 6Ah battery runs for over 10 hours on high.
We love these lullabies for our kids. Volume 2 has great, soothing songs and is another great addition to our cds we use for bedtime.
Perfect fit for our ocean kayak Malibu. Would buy again.
Definitely better than store brands. Recommended by dishwasher manufacturers. Even dried on food comes off.
I am a novice at hiking or trekking. The poles are a prefect addition to my journey. They are easy to expand and fold away for another day in their own storage bag. I wouldn't leave on a trip without them.
I really like this snorkel mask. I've only tried it in the pond by where I live, but I'm excited to take it elsewhere. It helps if you put your chin on the facemask first and then slide the mask on pushing your hair back as you go. It doesn't leak at all! I also noticed that it hasn't fogged up.
Just get this. You won't be disappointed.
From the Steinbeck novel, a true masterpiece. Love this film.
As expected. Good quality. Used these bags filled with sand to level a trampoline on concrete located on top of a slight hill and strapped trampoline to concrete. After couple months of jumping bags are holding great. Was not sure if they would be strong enough but very happy
This product is amazing. Colors greys so easily!! Quick and fast!
I got this during Prime day. So for 900 bucks I can't complain much. I really like the look of the bike, reminds me of a BMX. It's great to ride around town. When getting this you need to keep in mind this not a commuter. Range and comfort is not the greatest. I have attend a group ride that was over 20 miles long. My rear end was pretty sore. Even though it lasted that long I noticed a power decrease when the battery got lower in charge. I do notice this bike is designed in such a way that upgrading is possible. If you can live with the short comings this is a fun little bike with great potential..
Fills my Zippo. Doesn't need it to do anything else :)
Almost every summer, my family go at lest one time camping. After reading some review, I bought this emergency warm blanket. My curious little boy opened one to try. It's very good for camping and other outdoor activity. Very small packet and easy to carry. Smart product.
Arrived in perfect condition.. does exactly what is expected of it.. works great in my mini paint can forge but it works so well I'll probably burn my forge out in half the time!!! A master blacksmith recommended it to me and now I'm passing that recommendation on to you.. for the price it just doesn't get any better..
Fits as advertised. It's well-constructed and light. Surprisingly warm, especially as an outer layer in really cold temps. Good reflective patterns in all directions for poor light. One small complaint: the one back pocket is so deep that the top of it is above mid-back, making it awkward to try to reach into it while riding. On the other hand, the chest pocket is great.
this was a gift for a 6 yr old girl who loves cats and dogs.
I go camping most weekends in Florida during the summer, Fri, Sat and Sun, I use a mixture of block and cube ice and almost always am dumping out ice when I get home. No need to spend hundreds of dollars on a Yeti. Plus it is light and I can easily move and carry it when full.
Awesome gloves for the price. Kept my hands warm while riding a side by side to my hunting spot in the winter.
Used to view drying floor of crop. Very useful to see heat transfer through crop mat
Works as expected. You get what you pay for, but these get the job done.
These are good. nothing fancy - just good tools at a good price.
Great fun with prizes! Need more lives to play longer. Addictive!
Oh my god this is absolutely amazing mask. Our friends bought the Costco ones and they were very disappointed with it. My wife and I loved it!! I dove about 20 ft with it good suction(almost too good) no leaks easy to clean and we were in 4 different parts of the Caribbean and no problem whatsoever. The hard case made it easy to transport with no scratches on the lense. It did not fog up at all. Not a dribble of salt water came in. When you did accidentally took a breath under water it held with a super seal. ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT
Great deal on a great product
Very good app works very well. You do have to pay for an upgrade if you want the watermarks removed other than that it's an a awesome app
Received as a fathers day gift. price was fantastic for a float of this thickness and quality.
I was surprised at the quality of this projector for the price. It was easy to set up, has a clear picture and good sound quality. Im happy with it.
Oh boy these are great! Really enjoying all the cases covered in this set!
Nice blade. I can't find these local, so glad they have them on Amazon
Great product, my aunt loved it
My son loves slime very much. I bought a big one.
Perfect little refrigerator, as my kids would call it. I have a plug in the trunk, but prefer to have it right behind the passenger seat for an I've cold beverage on a hot Sunny 🌞 day. Awesome. Thanks.
It's a wonder this wireless Earphone, coming ready armed ara use them, only it is enough to read the menu which comes with very easy you can connect it to your phone, within the functions that I liked is that you can listen to music, answer calls, among others! In addition the head rotates to accommodate it as for the ear will use it! bring your charger and different plastics to change the rubber placed in the ear, it is big to cover your whole ear of outside and is secure, does not fall, very comfortable and cute!
I loved this set. Such a good deal!! I packed it with me on a 5 day backpacking trip. Perfect for camping and best for backpacking. I used this on a day trip to the lake and made noodle with it for my niece. This worked so well. It has a good flame and cooks food very evenly.
Liked this book. Kept my interest, smartly written. Loved the unexpected plot twist!
Works well. Washed before use as others suggested. No problem with colors bleeding
Perfect and on time delivery
Liked this producted for cost so much went back for more. We now have four of them. Since my girls were fighting over the first one I got it was a perfect stocking stuffer for them! I would suggest it for anyone!
Super dorky looking but they do exactly what I needed them to do - block out nighttime headlights
I bought this unit to keep breastmilk from getting hot on long road trips, and it works like a charm. I did purchase it with an electric outlet connector so we could keep it running at the hotel as well. It fits perfect under the child seat behind the driver's seat in a VW Passat, and it is not so loud that it keeps anyone up during the night when it is running.
I have used exfoliating washcloths for decades. The materials last a long time. These are replacing some thicker cloths. I find these being thin do dry very quickly. I like that the cloths do not need much gel soap to do the job compared to my thicker ones. Since they hold so much foamy soap, I am using it instead of shave gel for my shower razor. My plan is to tuck one in my travel stuff and place one at my mon's Assisted Living since the staff goes through so much gel soap on a washcloth.
Downloading movies and music for traveling!
Prints perfect on my cr-10 with abs settings
Sometimes I like to do some work at home to fix some desks, tools and my car. So this magnetic wristband will be very useful for me to do these. It can absorb the small screws sometimes hard to find. I just tried it, it looks the magnet is very powerful.
These look good and do the job.
Love it. Very light and strong and in a pinch I can put it right on my camp stove.Could not do that with my old plastic cup.And no plastic taste. Compliments my titanium cook set well.Should last forever.
Very sturdy. Comfortable. Great price.
Best thing ever! I love this tape. As someone with a disability that effects my balance this gives me more peace of mind while in the shower. Easy to use.
Bought these for my emergency kit in my car so I always have cups for my kids they are thick and made well and very easy to clean
Great for all my steel mugs.
Easy to use: This product is better than I expected. Since it is made out of silicone, it is soft and easy to compress. So it does not take a lot of space. It's easy to use and clean. I love the bag that it comes with. It is waterproof so that, if you have to wash the device in a restaurant's bathroom, for example, it won't be leaking and you can carry it in your purse. It is great to take to work if the bathrooms there are not clean enough. Great for long road trips too!
Really enjoy this Compact Disc, has a lot of my Favourite songs.
Great portable set, very handy to have
This was a really cool shield. My son was a Roman centurion for Halloween and this piece put the whole costume together. Everyone kept complimenting is costume and shield.
Wow, beyond impressed with this speaker; being a bit of a music and tech nerd I wasn't expecting much from a $50 speaker. I was just looking for something that would make my Alexa morning routine sound a bit better in my bedroom. I have my whole home set up to play music and the dot 2nd gen just sounded terrible compared to the Input I have connected to my very nice, high end stereo system and another room connected to a $600 pair of bookshelf speakers. I feel it packs a powerful punch for such a small speaker and price. To the reviews I read that said it doesn't get loud enough- I can only assume they hate their neighbors and having ear drums because this thing can get way louder than I will ever need or want it to be. At an appropriate listening volume and proper placement in a room the sound is very impressive for the price point. The fact that it is portable is an added bonus.
I was very impressed with the quality of this light. It has a nice sturdy feel to it and is extremely bright. The 3 light modes give you various options for the situation. Once the light detects breaking motion it gets even brighter, works almost as a car tail light does. It comes with the bike seat mount and also a rubber strap mount to give you more mounting options.
Very warm and dry. Will make your hands sweat
Works great to hold thru axle fork securely.
That's what she said
This is the BEST stain-fighting soap product I've ever used. Yes, it's better than BIZ. The nicest thing about this product is it is made for people with sensitive skin and has NO awful perfumes. I use it to pre-soak clothes that have various stains in my washer all night ~ which works like a charm. Of course I don't use AWFUL HE washers of any kind for any reason. I search for the older model agitator washers that you can actually fill up with water and completely control the wash cycle. Remember the good ol' days when your washer actually got your clothes clean? I do and won't give up my beautiful top loading washer for any piece of modern day junk...
This device is life saver. We have a water leaking inside of my wall in the kitchen and I just use this device to know where is the water leaking came from . And after I test it we found out that the leaking is from my kitchen sink drain pipe. This is amazing. Highly recommended.
Love this shirt, got it fast enough.
Fun movie with many surprises!
Good collection of tools and accessories.
They worked great for me. Every time I showed them to husband he got what I asked for.qq
Perfect size and very durable
Quick ship. Pleased with price
Recommended use is during winter because it's like dressing in long sleeves during summer lol! It's good and over protective, but surely it's very good choice for winter!
Made of quality, light weight, aluminum. Just enough rise, sweep and length. Very satisfied!
Great price, buy this you will like it. The motor is very quiet. I really like my Turner.
When I ride my bicycle in the park and get thirsty I always stop at the water fountain to drink some water. Now that I have this backpack I no longer need to stop when I want to drink water.
Worked great. Just bought a new digital tv so I don't need it anymore, but I recommend it.
as described vinyl is smooth and quiet very happy
Food look up is fabulous.
Cute design and perfect for getting ready in the mornings.
Bought this to give the kitties some secure outside time on the patio. They love it. Has all their toys amd stuff in it. Keep their nails cut or they'll put holes in it. Its big inside, and easy to move around, but I dont ever leave them unattended. Well made, a great value for this use.
It came in time for my grandsons Eagle Scout Court of Honor. Very pretty. Exactly how it looked on the website. Grandson was pleased.
One of my favorite series. Political drama at its finest. This evil couple makes you root for them.
Good and reliable product.
Knocked Loose's third album continues their ascension to the top of the hardcore scene.
Excellent tablet with unlimited features. I've read books watched videos all for free thru Amazon Prime. Email, contacts all there including Alexa. Wow! A third to a fourth of the price of an iPad and just, if not more, as capable. You cannot go wrong.
Very good discs with beautiful packaging - like original vinyl, but small in size. The recording quality is excellent.
Brought one as a replacement for my younger sister and one for me and my daughter to watch together being that I was about her age when it originally came out!
I have been using this blade on my table saw for years, and it works perfect. I also use Diablo blades for cross cutting on my Mitre saw. Cannot ask for better blades for the price. I really like these blades.
This coloring book is wonderful. Each page is totally different and offers lots of challenges. I love the sheet between each page that helps you find the right colors and separates your work from the previous page. Love it.
Great product shipping was fast.
I love these gloves! I had the North Face gloves before these and I have to say these are way warmer.
Love the system...we got a 3 camera system and have since added one more camera.....works as advertised!!! GREAT product!!!
This is our 3rd Stanley Mobile Chest, and we use them for everything! Super handy, and you can add a LOT of weight and still move them easily. Great for storage and for job site.
This foam/air mattress is great for the price. We just had a baby, which has lead to some disrupted sleep. I've been able to comfortably sleep in other rooms of the house to catch a nap, etc. It's easy to roll out and inflate, and folds up easily too. It can also double as a very nice seat cushion when folded. My only complaint is that I occasionally find myself "hot" on it - it doesn't really dissipate heat well.
Archipelago is a quality product, and this Verbena/Basil scent is out of this world. It is not floral or perfumey, rather botanical - thus refreshing for the whole house, and enhancing for the kitchen, too.
The refurbished fire stick works every bit as good as the new. Great job
Miracle Whip is just downright delicious. I like the squeeze bottle but you actually can't use it all because it is a squeeze bottle. Great for picnics but other than that I feel the jar is better.
Excellent napkins for everyday or dinner parties. I buy these two at a time because they are so low priced on Prime Pantry and o never want to run out. Much less than the store, and I love the texture of these in particular. Good value and quality.
Its a small piece of plastic that makes your nalgene so much better. Drink without worry of spilling water all over yourself
The grilled chicken is fantastic
Perfect. I was looking to hold a bunch of keys at work. I have used many Carabiner buckles before, These are a great deal and well made.
For coffee on the go! Perfect!
Works perfectly and charges quick.
This is such an awesome product! Magnet is great and holds all screws and nails firmly! Use for anything from home improvement, DIY projects and anyone who's a handyman! The band is adjustable my husband and I both can use it! While testing the product I was able to fit a total of 30 screws & nails all different sizes
Whenever I went into Costco the LG picture would make me stop and watch that t.v. So I decided to take the plunge. So happy I did. The picture is beyond amazing and now I am watching travel and National Geographic to appreciate the clarity and color of the picture. Glad I made the plunge. No regrets.
Absolutely love this mug! My only wish is that it came in a bigger size. But I LOVE Jane Austen and this is the perfect mug for me. Plus the image on the mug is very nice, and I know it won't wear off like other mugs I've purchased. I also love Neurons Not Included. The description of the shop is hilarious and the products are definitely my kind of humor.
Perfect it got to me in two days and works great
These came in clutch when working on my Japanese motorcycle.
Love this movie, only one of from this genre. Adult cartoon.
These are my favorite makeup wipes by far. I just wished they last longer after opening as I don't use them very often
We take this camping to cook outside our trailer or even in our backyard. Works great. Good hot flame. Easy clean up. No problems.
Very Happy Customer.
Solved my issue with continuous flats
I like everything about this shirt. Really great fit, and quality for the price. Definitely buying more.
I have a small wrist and love styles like this where all the excess strap is tucked away. This is as comfortable as a sport band but the leather classes things up. I want it in more colors.
Great quality product, everything was as it said it would be. I've enjoyed so far and will update later.
They fit my daughter well.......she loves them and the material is very durable
Wear daily. Couldn't get black in women's so ordered medium size in men's and they fit perfect. Darn Tough are the best!
Great series. I couldn't put it down.
Item works. Would highly recommend
Correct fit and very sleek
Easy installation, perfect fit, quick delivery and it works fine so far..
This is great to take on trips where you don't want to pack a full size life jacket. I am not comfortable in the water without life jacket and it works great for me.Good quality vest that was great to deflate and pack.
Makes changing bits so much faster and easier
My parents loved these. Good quality and much more comfortable than bleachers
these are really good value. i needed the most inexpensive but quality bib i could find and i like these a lot. they keep the snow out and that's all i needed. i prefer bibs so i don't have to deal with a belt or suspenders a possible snow sneaking in.
Love these alarms. Carry one in my pocket all the time. Loud enough to scare off a bear chasing my dog.
Bought as Christmas gifts for co-workers. They LOVE it
This mouth rinse is good for whitening teeth. It could have more of a minty experience, but it is good as is. The rinse foams in the mouth, do not swallow it. I think rinsing with water afterwards is a good idea too.
This little cover really protects my work backpack from the elements. Fits perfectly with the strapping system and packs into a small pouch that fits neatly in my backpack when not in use. Thanks for keeping my stuff dry!
But they put out a lot of light. Easy to use. Looks really cool.
A great Hallmark movie. The acting was over the top.
Bright light, holds charge well
I do primarily 3-d carving using a cnc router. This flap sander gives me the capability to sand areas that i normally could not.
Perfect. I'll buy another now if there will be no shipping charges.
SOG always makes the finest quality knives that are durable and reasonably priced. I personally own every knife and multitools with all of the accessories. They keep me coming back for more!
Love Charlie Chan! I bought this to add to my collection.
These straps are pretty great. They are wider than previous straps making them stronger and less likely to damage my poly-foam SUPs. Held 2 SUPs in place for a 6+ hr drive including freeway speeds and windy mountain driving.
Outstanding craftsmanship, package was damaged in shipping. I contacted the artist and replacement part was in the mail the next day. I love this clock.
Challenging and addicting!
Love these they are addictive good product good price will purchase again.
Love these best flavor I think
The stickers came as described, but they looked even nicer in person than I thought. Very pleased.
As for those people who said it wont charge did you try unlocking it? It says in the instructions to hold down the power button for 7 seconds. Mine came locked and works just fine. Excellent light.
Looks good easy to get together haven't used yet
I wear them when I cold laser my knees. Comfortable to wear, Only thing I wish it came with was a case
Good product, easy to assembly and function great with good power and revolutions.
I can not say enough good things about this simple tool that has multiple fitting applications making it very cost effective. If this has helped your decision please give my review a very appreciated thumbs up.
Got everything that was listed, no damage. Worth it 🙂
We LOVE this sign! We got it unfinished so we could spray paint to match the nursery. FAST delivery also :)
When I got the flashlight it would not hold a charge. The customer service was fast to tell me the light has to be on to charge. I use the flashlight light everyday at my job. It lasts about six hours fully charged and constantly on.
Vert warm glove. Nimble to move in. Was a big surprise when I used finger gloves for skiing and they became very cold. These are marvelous as I drive my Can-Am Spyder in cold Kansas winter
Lost my last one to TSA. Had to replace it.
AMAZING PERFECT FOR ALL SORTS OF OCCASIONS
Hubby slipped on the ice three times one morning while walking the dog. i immediately got these to help out amd keep him from getting hurt. Also have helped while encountering ice up in the snow on a hike.
A month in, and my 11 year old son loves this. I've tried it a few times, and it is a blast. It's goes surprisingly fast, so maybe not for younger kids tho.
Bought this for my grandchildren, we all loved it. It was very encouraging!
Helmet is comfortable to wear and seemed to have better air flow than my old.Hope to never test the impact performance but read others have and work well.
I am new to this tool and have been experimenting with a variety of different tips. I have extensive experience with larger stone polishing tools. The best experience with these diamond tips was, as I expected, on stone. In a tray of water, dipping them in often, sometimes with the stone and tip just at the water surface, I carved designs into granite with results that gave me a smile.
Used for production. Comfortable to wear
Works quickly for a small size. Also, makes fast work of deflating summer toys.
Very durable, purchased for hubby who keeps breaking zippers on lunch totes. So far so good
These are not sold in our stores anymore and found them on amazon love the favorite one of the best they have made.
I have an iPhone 6s Plus in an Otterbox Defender case (the two layer type), and it fits! It takes a couple of times to figure out the best angle to insert the phone because of its large size, but it definitely fits. It's nice having easy access to my phone while riding.
Great product. Ease of use, and fits well on 60lb son.
My nephew was in heaven when he opened these best gift ever
handy device to mirror contents from phone to tv. I have a iPhone 6plus and it worked no problem at all. It claim will handle android phones too. Small and light weight.
This bike lock is awesome. So much better than having to carry around a key. It's compact enough for travel and mounts works well on my boyfriend's bike. It is even long enough to lock up both of bikes. Very sturdy and secure. Get this lock!
I love this LED light. We have it in our pantry and it's so nice to walk up and have the light already shining. The battery in it rarely needs recharging, and even then, it is very easy to do. Very bright also.
Provides the hold I need on a daily bases
Well made and use it daily, highly recommend
Beautiful movie. I highly recommend for anyone needing to recharge their spiritual batteries.
needed a small hammer for awhile very nice
My favorite thing I've bought on Amazon. I used these at least a dozen times on rivers, inland lakes, and I've even had it out on lake Erie (during some serious waves too). These things are sturdy and well built. They lasted the whole season and I'm hoping next year too! Just check your state laws regarding registration. The park rangers checked me a few times, mostly on the great lakes. Be prepared to answer a million questions by curious onlookers. Everywhere I take it people have to come running to see it haha. My husband and I have the singles, but my friend has a single and a double and they are both easy to set up. Bring towels and patience to fold it up!
So far we absolutely love this survival kit. My son is very much into being in the woods and exploring and said this kit was perfect. Thanks again.
Amazing game! So frustratingly good! Love the art style and game play!
Put it on my keychain so I will always have it with me. Use it on a regular basis.
Works well on my face
My family been using for years now and we still order them once we ran out of it. Great for face cleansing in the morning and doesn't leave your skin dry. Ordered this for my mom back in Taiwan since it's cheaper here. Great product!
Once you accept the fact that nobody who sees you wearing this will ever want to have sex with you, it is fantastic! Great for traveling. big enough to keep your pockets free of what you need for the day but thin enough to pop under a hoodie and be unnoticeable.
Excellent Blu Ray! This movie is hilarious!
So fun for our kids/guest bathroom
Made my project much easier, simple to use.
Saved my knees at work
The color and the construction of the product I'm very pleased.
Marvin Gaye is always superb
quick shipping. very comfortable
Very cute little game. I bought the full version for my three year old and he loves it.
Great helmet! Nice fit and great adjustments to get right fit. It's very comfortable on and doesn't slide around. Has good amount of padding. Great buy for the price.
Good replacement for the one I abused to death.
Good stand, had to cut it down to fit a kids bike.
While I bought this because the creators were wise enough to include the rifftrax commentary on it, this was solid grade D movie for its time, with Dern turning in solid work for this incredibly low budget film.
I have had these for several months now no wear showing and charges faster
I have now had this tool for almost two years. Have used it extensively during that time for both brads and staples. Since it costs less than most brad nailers or staplers alone, I am ready to declare it a great bargain. In some other reviews I see complaints about impressions left in wood. That means it is set too deep. Change the setting so that the head of the brad is just at the surface of the wood. It will be nearly invisible after stain and varnish, completely hidden if painted.
Excellent book, especially for those wishing to understand more about carbohydrate sensitivity. The link between gut bacteria and the brain is fascinating.
Very nice set. GO CUBS, GO!
Fantastic kit for the money! Case is kinda Ehhh. The solder it comes with doesn't solder to wires very well if at all just throw that out. Works well for my onetime speaker install.
Very roomy and spacious
Best bottle every, I bought it for water and it keeps cold. I realized after it was actually for hot drinks so I don not know how it holds up keeping things warm.
Keeps my nether-regions chafe free. A little messy/gross to apply, but worth the lack of chaffing. It also washes off easier than some other products I've tried.
Super cool and nice looking.
This is another great movie and truly worthy of your collections especially on Blu-ray and as always I love true stories.. and it reminds me of The Godfather in some areas because it is very tense especially when they make eye contact with each other.. because you know that something is going to happen to someone somewhere somehow you just don't know when... excellent movie
Really liked both off these movies
It's a great wallet, my boyfriend loved it! Great deal my dudes.
This game is so much fun and is such a great way to wind down after a long day. Its absolutely worth the money!
Edit: Very happy months later. The spring does wear out in certain circumstances re-winding is a bit slow. Also I do have some small leaks somewhere. Nothing that would let out more than 10psi in 1-2 hours & it could be my own fittings. Overall, this saves me so much time coiling hose. Very high quality. Fittings are definitely 3/8" or larger. Currently looking for ways to get to my 1/4" ntp tools or debating trying to convert everything.
It was pretty pricy but battery is outstanding!
Great bang for your buck!
arrive on time... works great!!
There's no secret that selecting the right tools for the job are vitally important. These hex tools provide favorable hand position for small medium or large jobs. These exclusive RexBeti quality hex keys have a desired appeal while also featuring an elongated arm to help reach any challenges while minimizing possible danger to the hand. The design of the caring case is easy to store in pockets and durable enough to twist clockwise and counterclockwise multiple times. Truly a great addition for high-quality tools on the job.
HDR is amazing on this tv
work like a charm. locks socket on.
Great seat, didn't fit on my bike tho so that's my fault for not paying enough attention. Super comfort tho
I absolutely love this tool! Very easy to use. I'm so glad that I bought it.
These U-locks are sturdy and well made. Highly recommend for regular city use.
Great for lightweight / minimalist back packing. Will fit GI canteens, though I recommend the Nalgene canteens that are the same size.
AWESOME follow up to the BEST TV show ever!!!!!!!!!!!!! And finally, those last 4 words....
Great price on good kickstand.
This may have been intended for men, but I love it. It's perfect for washing and conditioning my long hair in half the time!
I should have both this five or ten years ago. It has already saved me so much grief. What a wonderful tool. I would always borrow other people's because I was too cheap to buy a good one. This one is just as good as the Snap On and Matco ones I've borrowed. It might even be better because it's not deafeningly loud!
Just got my music box, it is so cute and sounds amazing! My sister is going to love it for Christmas.
Another great album by Bruno Mars, another solid FLAC rip. The price can't be beat! The usual hits are here, but If I Knew is a special song indeed..,
My son loves tech and gadgets and researched for some light strips. These are a great value and can change colors to support your favorite team!
I purchased for my daughter. I put it in the dishwasher on the top rack. No peeling. Great product!
Someone gave these to me as a gift and I put on my keyring. Surprised at how much I use so I bought for all of my kids. Item as described. Fast shipping. No problems.
Great knife for when I want to dress up and carry something that's classy. Strong knife and design is unique.
Very nice knife. Much better than I expected. Fast shipping
I LOVE this! I have gone back and forth about buying one, and was nervous about the cost. Most were much more expensive, and I worried about the quality. I have nothing but good things to say! Easy to inflate, sturdy, easy to transport. I have used it all summer, and I love it. Great value so far, I hope it holds up for another couple of summers. I recommend it.
So I have to say first of all Jessica has excellent customer service!! 2nd I had to send the discs back because they wouldn't work,but I figured out the issue, Its not her discs at all,its my Playstation 4!! it picks and chooses what discs it will and will not play. I was about to give up on buying the DVDs and go to digital download, but now that I have figured out the issue I am getting a new dvd player and my mother has re-purchased the DVDs for me for my birthday! Now as far as the workouts I have many others by Jessica and love them all!! If you do Walk at Home with Leslie Sansone and find that its not enough of a work out you really need to give Jessica a try, she mixes things up and you work up a sweat. I really cant wait to get started with these 8 weeks!
Adorable, durable and easy to clean! they are easy to put on the tablet.
Easy to install, fast delivery. Clear tone, not too loud, but just right. I got it to put on a knee scooter that I borrowed from my niece when I broke my foot. It's a fun little bell, and they'll get a laugh when I return the scooter with a bell on it.
Love anything by him!!!
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it.
I haven't put this thing through a whole lot of cycles yet so no idea about the longevity but so far it works as well as the Dewalt brand 20v batteries that I have. The Dewalt charger works fine to charge them up and they seem to have a decent life when fully charged.
Just as good as the name brand!
PERFECT FOR DETOXING
received product on time, appears to be of good quality, easy to install and fit well. would buy from this seller again if needed.
Fantastic CD- I've listened multiple times. Arrived as described in perfect condition.
This toothbrush does a great job cleaning and with a lot less fuss! My son loves brushing his teeth now.
this is critical to keeping the vacuum fast and easy to use
It works. It comes with a coarse sand paper. I went Home Depot and bought a few finer ones. The sand paper for this sander is very easy to find.
Great quality and fast shipping. Have bought 2 !!!
For being young as Lang was when this was recommended, he belts out the blues like the original guys did way back! His lyrics convey a whole lot of soul and it's a listening pleasure!
This cup has a surprisingly big volume for lots of coffee. With the lid on, it keeps the coffee hot all morning long. No more microwaving cold coffee. Also, the handle is high enough that the mug comfortably fits in a car cup holder. I haven't used it for camping, but I use it at work every day.
These have been great for my 8 year old. They are solid, good quality. Seem very safe and sturdy.
Exactly what I was looking for. Waterproof, good range of motion, Not totally hideous.
Durability, and length just right!
Works great for hanging strings of lights or sun shades out on the patio, these stainless hooks can stay right where you need them and you can simply unclip your lights at the end of the season to store them.
This was exactly what we were looking for!
Very nice protective no slip covers. Bought 2 of them.
Not an intellectual game, but a lot of fun and passes time while in wait mode
Got this for my classroom. They are great for paper clips, erasers, staples, etc. Pencils don't fit. Some markers might have be put sideways. But its great to keel the small desk supplies organized. A bit expensive.
Just got this yesterday, love it. Put it in air fluff dryer with 3 tennis balls. Did not want to wash right away as others suggest. This bag has better loft than a custom made Top Quilt I bought. Love the colors. Love that head and foot ends cinch up. I close the foot end and use as top quilt. Had a slight odor. I put a dryer sheet in hammock with bag. All good now. This was shipped UPS and they left package at another house. UPS did not follow up with their investigation of where package delivered; so I had to go hunting for it all over neighborhood. Love the USPS. UPS, I have had problems. Just an FYI.
Bought this for handling miscellaneous aircraft parts and hanger "stuff" that I needed to organize; it really fit the bill. The unit arrived quickly, was well packaged and arrived intact (always a good sign). There are five wall mounts-- three on the top and two on the bottom. I wanted to mount it on the wall, so all I had to do was to remove the top two layers of plastic drawers, as well as the bottom corner drawers, place it when I wanted and mark it; I then used some of the new plastic screw in wall anchors (the 50 pound variety) and it easily mounted to the wall. Some have remarked that they wanted dividers for the drawers, and that they made those. Good idea. My application was that I needed something that I can see the contents at about eye level, so I wanted the fuller-sized drawers. I also like that these are the new plastic that doesn't get brittle and split like my older plastic drawers did. I like the all-plastic construction. It's heavy duty enough to hold metal parts, but being made of plastic it's not as heavy as a metal frame, so you can easily mount it to the wall and still load it up with heavy stuff, or light stuff. No problem there. For the money, you can't beat it. Best one of these I've bought to date-- and I've been using some version of these for over forty years.
Hooked it up to my drill and it works fine. This is not professional grade but for household jobs, this should be more than adequate. Plus it comes in a package of 3.
Great deal for this classic from 1 of the greatest drummers of all time and his messengers
works well and love the shows.
Price, fit, and style all fit my needs.
Christmas gifts made easy!
These are amazing as an on-the-go snack! I keep one or two in my car (currently cold weather) for my daughter for the days I end up working late and know dinner won't be ready before she's hungry again.
Very comfy and easy to set up. Most chairs are uncomfortable with the metal legs poking through....not the case with this chair. Highly recommend. I might even buy more for next summer. :)
Such a great and educational movie.
I learned some nice things in tackling the puzzles (flags of the world) and enjoyed the colorful natural scenes. It's nice to play a challenging puzzle that isn't full of ghouls and their creepy back stories.
This drill is awesome! Best drill I have ever owned hands down.
I am impressed with this shovel. It is a much higher quality than I expected. Very sturdy and practical. I am going to keep it in my car this winter for if/when I get stuck in the snow and in my backpack when camping to bury my....
I use it as my sister's birthday present. After a few trips, I found out that my sister fell in love with it and hoped that she would always bring happiness. The air bed is good and not leaking.
i got them to walk through mud and into my horse stalls. the zippers were good quality, and the product was sturdy enough that they lasted a long time, even though i was pulling them off with boot jacks, because they were muddy.
This is a movie everyone should see. You think you know what this story is about until you actually watch it. Life changing.
Nice design fits and works very well but remember you need the original remote or a universal to program but worth it fits so well on your hand no bulky mess
It's very easily to fold the cot and pack. I took it to my camping trip as camping cot. I weight 150 lb and this cot didnt bounce. I slept on it firmly
Great for gardening. Fit well.
I LOVE this! It's kareoke made simple. Works great with our iPhones and Apple Music. This is already a big hit at our family gatherings.
I have had other vest but really LOVE this one. It fits nicely of bulky sweaters which is what I was looking for because I am not much of a coat person. GREAT BUY
These will definitely keep your stuff cold all day if used right. I put two of these in a big Rtic soft cooler and it lasts all day at work.
My three year old loves this cup, and actually picked it himself.
Love these pants. Fit well and are soft. They are even long enough for my nearly 5'10" frame. Please make more colors!
I love this stuff! It feels good to use, gets any excess junk off my face, and my skin feels firm and clean after without feeling too tight or dry. I've already bought another bottle!
Used to remove links from a metal watch band. It may be not the sturdiest tool I've ever used, but if you do not attempt to force it and use it carefully, it will do the job.
Necklace broke on the frist day but they were very friendly, helpful, and quick in sending a replacement
Nice product, great grip and build quality-trust the reviews.
I use this APP quite often. It is an easy shortcut to get to my books. I do this multiple times per day.
This is a good old TV show, but the only thing I don't care for about it is the very last episode on the on very last DVD doesn't come in clear enough. That should be corrected before they sell anymore of the Branded series on DVD. That could be upsetting to have all the other DVD's shows come in clear without any flaws. When you get to the last episode you will be in for a surprise when you see it doesn't work right. Even though the last episode is messed up on my set of DVD's, I am still glad that I bought this old TV show. Thank you, Sandra K.
Good fit. Keeps my hands warm but still allows me to type.
So so so comfortable and true to size. Love this dress! I have it in all 3 colors.
Great set of John Wayne movies.
Exactly as described. I'm using on a power wheel chair. It is multi use. Delivery and packaging were excellent
Excellent recording, production....beautiful voice....Rest In Peace..!
on problems just as described
I absolutely love this hydro pack! It comes in handy no matter where you are. Not only does it keep you hydrated, but it can hold items such as, your wallet or phone! The color is beautiful too and once the sun or a flash hits it, all these other colors immediately explode out. I highly recommend this hydro pack and it is so so vibrant!!
Easy to use and bright colors! Great value for what you get! Definitely recommend!
It's a park tool. It does what its supposed to every time. Grab a big wrench and have fun pulling your bb
Great little bike! My son is obsessed with it and figured out how to use it very quickly. He is a very petite 2-year old, but with the seat at its lowest point it's the perfect size for him and can grow with him for years. Easy to put together.
I love this flashlight. It's one of the brightest flashlights I've ever had and it's pretty compact. I've been able to use it for camping and it was great. Has a few light settings and over all a pretty simple light. Love the fact that it comes with a battery that can be charged and the charger is included. Will definitely be buying a few for gifts around the holiday.
Best fins. Have bought several pairs.
Great product. Fits well. I've had no problems at all!
I just got the package today. Seems to work well in my dvd player. thanks! Joe
It is kinda pokemon!!!!!!!l!good?
does the job as expected, the quality is great chrome was a little heavy was tight on the first few plugs but loosened up with wear.
Ease of attachment. So far no downsides.
Easy to use and very helpful for the hard to cut angles
Clever way to "send" a gift to someone far away!
Very east to install! The adhesive is working well so far.
I loved it the second I saw the projector once we opened it. Great quality for a mini projector. Easy to work with!
great price for a great compressor
Nicely made. Fits Great
Strong spring, nice colors. Well made.
Loves these gloves! Super cozy and warm. Love that I can wear them and still use my phone. Will be purchasing more for family for Christmas!
I just received these and like the 5 options so much that I ordered 3 more for gifts!
Great product in good time
First I love how cute the box is, my son loved the giraffe on it. It fit him very comfortably and I was shocked he actually didn't mind leaving it on. I even tried it on myself and liked the material.it rightfully served its purpose, and I found it didn't have an odd smell to it like some masks we've tried.
Yet ANOTHER great album!!!
I specifically bought these for a travel experiment to pack all my gear in my carry-ons. These fit, just, in my roll-aboard; not a purpose design roll-aboard, just one I've always had. I honestly didn't notice any lack of underwater performance over my full size fins. I used these for 30 dives in Galapagos with no complaint. Current was low for most dives but they performed just fine in the one higher current dive as well. I used with 2mm neoprene dive socks. The only thing I am planning on doing is seeing if I can form fit the foot pocket a bit with a heat gun as I have a very high arch foot. I think these would fit perfect for a normal foot shape. I still had none of the foot ache I get with my other fins. Not for use with dive boots, unless maybe you really oversize.
Bought as a gift, and it was loved
Love this product. Now I can listen to Spotify or SiriusXM radio while I'm in my work vehicle. Radio signal is very weak in my service area, so this helps out a ton.
Comfortable, durable and good looking.
The tv show set arrived in a timely manner and in new condition. I love rewatching this show and couldn't have asked for more!
My son loves his new gloves. I ordered 3 pair for him in different patterns and colors. He is now wanting me to orde more just in case they stop making them. He loves the fit and the functionality of these gloves. Guess I'll be ordering more soon lol.
Well built, adds a touch of humor in the bathroom
These are the perfect cleat for those wanting just enough movement when clipped in. There is just enough play to adjust if needed while still feeling very secure while standing and climbing. For those just starting I've included a picture of the type of pedal these are used with. Genuine Shimano quality.
You can't buy a better pair of side cutters...
Works for what we needed. Made nice
Love the Graphics on these, this makes five of these I bought for different devices
I have always loved this movie.
This glass is awesome and came so fast!!! Thank you SO much!! You guys must have worked overtime!!
This is the perfect makeup for me. The powder foundation is fantastic, leaving a flawless, lightweight finish on my skin that feels like I'm not wearing anything at all. It never irritates or breaks me out. I will continue using this forever. You have to try it to believe it!
Great songs excellent seller and packing
I like this for a continual glo in a decorated room with Christmas deco. Very Classy.
Tons of power, lightweight, comfortable grip. love this gun!!
These fit perfectly using the original screws. They are a bit shorter than the originals, and the lanyard rod is now covered. You notice the difference in the grip immediately. A very nice upgrade.
This bike tail lights has everything I look for in a bike light. It have a multi-directional lighting tool that acts like that in a read car light. So that when every time I go left, I simply push the left button on the included remote and the light on the left blinks to signal my left turn. It also strobes which is great if you're in a dark place. I haven't experienced being drenched in the rain yet but I guess this will still work even when wet but I bet this will not be that too waterproof.
I love, love, love this hat. I love that is rolls up and that I can wear a bun.
Grandaughter loves this for her kindle
I can just pack in in my purse and inflate when needed instead of carrying around non-compact pillow like everyone else
Amazing during radiation treatment...during the blistering burn and ONLY thing that helped crazy itch after!!
Amazing and works perfectly as described
I am able to fit all of my ski clothes, helmet, goggles, and of course boots. I even used it as a carryon for the airplane
Nicer than my previous tester.
This movie does a beautiful job giving insight into Queen and Freddie Mercury. If you're a Queen fan you will love it. They did an amazing job choosing actors to play the band members. Enjoy!
The perfect size for left over diamonds and the small containers are all separate so you can move them around and have the diamonds in numeric order.
it is a good set up love it and the color 2 thumbs up.
great especially for fast delivery and ease of use
Have not used yet but should work great, Thanks
Heats up very rapidly too.
It is really relaxing especially after a stressful day at work.
Love the smell and the way it feels. Very luxurious. Doesn't travel well though as the tube is made of metal and bends and punctures itself easily.
The switch mechanism is well designed. Comfortable to hold & operate for longer grinds & cuts. A bit of a process to remove the guard when necessary.
Own a foliage green,black,and navy blue. These are a steal for the price. I use mine in combination with a condor thermo neck gaiter and it is the sh*t! I've got a big head and all 3 have fit great and come down over my ears.
Arrived today and my daughter can't wait to watch it.
I believe this is one of the best games to play when you're bored and have time, also lets be honest here, who doesn't wanna see a cartoonish cat make a machine that fights other cats?
I've used quicken for many, many years. I don't buy a new version every year, but this version has new features e.g. obtaining bills from companies and seems to download transactions with fewer problems. It is a great value and I would recommend it.
There are great for the price. They are a little shorter than my originals but work well.
Well made power supply. 110v cord that is already on it made install quick and simple. No light flickering.
Words cant explain how i feel about this car.i love its speed and power.i just freaking love it .Really powerful for its size and functions, Its body is well made.it is cool for have some many features in such a small toy like this.For the price this thing is awesome.this buggy is highly recommended.
This TV is excellent. Met all expectations. Netflix and Youtube best channels for UHD experience. Would recommend!!
Virtually impossible to misplace because of the band. Otherwise works exactly as expected. Very good value, i.e. low cost, smart design, and very good performance.
Fits much nicer than the original and stays snapped.
Very addictive and get challenging as you climb the levels.
So cute and fits great. Holds its shape all day
So thin and lightweight is the packaging, that you can throw this easily in your backpack as emergency on hikes and while enjoying the great outdoors, Seriously this weighs next to nothing! Great value for priceless piece of mind. You would probably never need it, but could save your life if you did!
I really liked that this mount was made from steel, not some cheap plastic. I was looking for a mount that did not cover too much of the Apple TV - these things get hot enough as is, the last thing you want is a mount that doesn't allow that heat to dissipate. Overall, a great product that is being offered at a reasonable price.
Thank you it was a great gift
I love Fluke products. They are high quality and they just work. I purchased a new Fluke 87 V meter as I dropped my old Fluke meter. I was working on my son's truck in the winter time and the meter slid off of the hood of the truck onto the concrete parting lot. My old Fluke meter was 30 years old and it still worked well. The case shattered and I was unable to purchase case parts from Fluke as it was so old. This new Fluke 87 V is an excellent meter. I love all of the features of the meter and the backlit display. For me it is a perfect meter with all of the features I need. I do wish it came with the magnetic hanging strap. I went ahead and purchased the strap but I felt it was over priced for what you are getting.
I had snowshoes but did not get poles with them. I found these poles easy to change out the tips and super easy length adjustment. Having a carry bag made them perfect, keeping all the parts together.
Does what I needed it to, and seems solidly built. Disengages and locks without issue in my BMW i3.
Much better than expected. Works great.
Finally a work glove that fits my huge hands!!
This is the best nail polish on the market! It lasts for about a week and is also loaded with healthy non toxic ingredients! I ordered the color Snow White and it looks stunning!
Easy and as useful as anything can be!
They're the perfect fit for my very tall 7 year old. The material is great and they wash well.
I use this for my son when his allergies or a cold is giving him coughing fits because it is all natural and the bit of melatonin helps him sleep at night especially since my son has ADHD and it is already hard for him to sleep and stay asleep. HIGHLY recommend.
Here in florida renting,didn't want pay for cable...temporarily. ..soooo worth it simple ,plug in play..buying one for house ,getting rid of cabe cost..
Only thing my husband hates about this shirt is the price. He loves the fit and the style of it. It is true to size.
Excellent quality! Taste just like my local butcher's meat. EASY PACKAGING to open!! I have wanted this forever thank you for an exceptional product!
Great No problems Fast ship
I just love her workouts!
Great items for cost
Easy to use and great deal for the price!
Love the product because it tightens my aging skin.
I have always loved this movie, really happy it was back in stock. Great for all ages
Simple interface, great price, does the job.
Great price, exactly what I need it.
Best piece of gear that I own this far and I have a good bit of gear. Perfect for me and my son who carry 2 smart water bottles each and this enough to filter all just about in one bag. Great water filtration system with awesome flow rate.
used for cold morning rides and it works great and fit great wearing glasses
Good size to fitting my car , first time to buy this mini refrigerator, my daughter very like it !
They fit tight, providing excellent dexterity. In my work, that is of the utmost importance, akin to that of a surgeon. The durability is impressive. These gloves can take abuse. The Raven brand is consistent in Quality Control. Almost never had a bad glove in the thousands I've ordered. OH yeah, ignore reviews about hands sweating. EVERY rubber, latex or Nitrile glove will cause your hand to sweat. It's physics people,...deal!
I ordered this pyramid the day before yesterday and received it yesterday. I was very surprised that it was shipped only an hour after I ordered it. It's beautiful. I placed it under my pillow as suggested in the description and had the most wondrous dreams. Thank You, Jamie, for the wonderful work you do.
Excellent! Exactly as described! Fast shipping!
Hoping this will help on my upcoming snowshoeing trip. It certainly feels warm and comfortable! Also, as another reviewer said, it's nice that it's not scary looking!
Could you please remove gift cards from review ???
Love the more natural ingredients in this cereal, tastes really good, family approved.
Did it's job, removed breakaway screws from a Chinese ATV carb with no problem.
This movie had action and family time in it.
AMAZING! my nails always chip but after using this they are able to grow long without chipping.
I tried these out on a few different screws and they worked fine. I only have had them for about a week so I don't know about longevity but for what I tried they worked well.
A good purchase experience! They fit as expected and they have great insulation, the lining ia comfortable and warm. Now, I have already worn them to skiing three times and they worked good.
Gave as a gift and recipient appreciated the good fit and warmth of the gloves.
I cannot go to bed without it it's so calming I love her voice and ton
I wasn't impressed at first as I thought it was a bit weak on the exfoliating and didn't stay mixed well. Now I have used for a while and I am addicted. Just shake before opening and accept this won't be as rough as other scrubs. It doesn't need to be. After a few uses the softening really happens.
Great light for the price. I use this more often then my other lights. It's bright and doesn't get to hot. Stays bright for a long time.
I absolutely enjoyed it from the beginning of the first season to the end of the second season. Now if only we can get them to bring it back for more seasons.
Fast shipping! Excellent product! Large enough for the family to stretch out and enjoy ourselves plus hold all our stuff!
There are only a few actors in the entire movie and it almost all takes place in one remote mansion. But it is a great story. I love these kinds of sci-fi movies.
There are so many good numbers that are memorable to the past. Phil Collins is a favorite of mine. His music covers a wide variety.
My husband loves this pack. Easy to put on and lightweight.
I did everything I needed it to do. As far as sturdiness oh, I wasn't really putting too much pressure on it so can't really comment on that. record it to torque down a barrel on a rifle and they got the job done for a great price
it's all I ever wanted!
My favorite country singer! And, this CD is a hit just like the other Josh Turner CD's that I have purchased.
Great movie! Studio Ghibli always makes great movies
Great product. Works great.
Fits well! I haven't noticed much shrinking. It's super comfy, and does not slide or roll (as they do sometimes on bigger ladies).
Awesome value for a quality product.
Very easy to apply, and it has an actual matte, firm finish. Somehow I'd been used to that being an empty promise.
Great shampoo, smells great and great lather. It is cruelty free which is important to me. Also, I get the Keratin treatment and it is safe for me to use. I've been using this for years.
My favorite moisturizer ever. I had extremely dry skin (especially during the winter) and no other moisturizer could keep my skin hydrated for even 5 minutes. This did the trick and ultimately helped my skin become more hydrated even when not using the product.
Great product! Great value and shipping
Truly loving my new case. Colors are vibrant and it fits my fire tablet, perfectly!
Was a gift for daughter and she LOVED IT
My kids love it. Great resource for centers in the classroom.
Our son loves it. Powerful and yet compact.
I ordered this for my mother. She loves it. It works perfectly. She is happy with the product.
works good i like it
Good variety and great for my collection
Great product so bright easy to hold. Definitely recommend
Been looking for this movie, it's an all time favorite!
My Dad needed a coffee mug he could not spill/tip over easily. This does the trick!
This was a great mask for our cruise to the Carribean! Definitely recommend these masks to anyone who sucks in water with a normal mask!
Perfect! Exactly what I thought it would be. Really nice material, can't wait for ski season this year! Thanks!
I really like how it covers my bald spots. I bought the applicator too but it doesn't spay as big as a spot as I like, hopefully, I will figure it out. I just use my fingers to spread it out more. It gives me more confidence when I look at the back of my hair. Thank you!
I like it! I have been using it for a whole day and just can't let go. It's handy sized and very warm! it keeps warming me up for a whole day. I put it in my pocket and it is very comfortable and convenient!
Full brush and soft yet effective
Quite possibly the World's most perfect cereal.
Nice jigsaw, does exactly what i need.
I needed to take product photos for my new side hustle and this selfie stick/Tripod is perfect. Quality was so much better than expected. It made my life so much easier on taking photos.!
I needed a bag to store my ski boots and one I could use for travelling. This bag is perfect for my needs. I recommend it to any other skiers.
Unfortunately, I got the DVD instead of the book I ordered.
Easy to handle, with one or two hands, and no fatigue or wear was sustained by the tool. The spring is the right tension for holding and placing the open ring. The nose doesn't snag foam or fabric. These simple, low cost pliers are carefully designed and are a great value. The included rings compressed consistently.
Easy to use. I am using it in a homeschool situation and it is working beautifully.
love this cd he is amazing
Top quality, 2” thick self-inflating (about 1/2 way-need a few breaths to finish it). Very robust skin. As good or better than top name brands out there, although it is slightly heavy, but for under $40 vs $180 you can't go wrong.
This set of tropical leaf prints is beautiful and elegant. The prints come on high-quality, linen-textured paper. I framed each one in an 11x14 frame (that had a mat for an 8x10 image) to create a collage of framed wall art. I paired these tropical leaf prints with another set of botanical prints I ordered from this seller--see attached photo for my new living room wall. I've received countless compliments and will definitely purchase more prints like these when I want to change up my living room (not for a while because I'm loving the tropical vibes :)).
This dremel is the best value for the money for sure. I am a dog groomer and own a dog grooming salon where I have 3-4 groomers working for me. I have been using this dremel since I received it and have only had to charge it once. It gets used a lot and does a great job! I have my groomers wanting to buy one now to replace the ones they have bought and currently use. I have used quite a few different dremels and this one is by far the best!
My wife uses it while riding in back with our infant daughter. No complaints. Would definitely buy again.
Really cheap items huge selection of a major variety of whatever you can think of definitely recommend it's well worth it!!!
Excellent design with a set of strong magnets to hold them place and for easy removal.
I have a shower with glass doors. They're impossible to clean without back-breaking work. This product cleans them by just spraying and leaving. No scrubbing or wiping.
Came just as described! Excellent quality and the price was great. If I had any complaint (which its not really a complaint) the packaging that it was sent in was very hard to open, but the holder was definitely protected.
Like this cream. Keep my tommy from feeling itching and it smells great.
My favorite coffee ♥️
This warm hand treasure has three different gears to adjust the temperature, and has the lighting effect, this winter will not need to worry about my hand got freezing!
There are three gears to adjust the light.
It seems to work fine, much cheaper than Samsung brand filters.
I like this app because it's the first one that I've got that actually optimize my phone. As of right now I have found no problems
I still can't believe what Scar did to his own brother and it's been several decades. What a jerk!!
Works as advertised. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Quick and easy, but wished I had pictures of people of color of a couple of them
This scooter is Awesome! My twin four year old girls love this. As does every other kid in the neighborhood. This Scooter has been a hit. People ask us all of the time where we bought it from. It is really easy to control and easy to stop with the brake on the back wheel it feels extra safe. We are glad we purchased it.
Works great keeps your face warm lol specially this time a year
Wow! I am impressed with this sleeping bag, just used it last night in my back porch to feel nature :). The sleeping bag was so nice and comfy. So glad to pick it, and the price is great.
Seem to be well made. Purchased them for my daughter for her landscape business. She has tried several brands, but has not settled on a permanent brand
Exactly what I expected! Very sturdy wood, engraving is fantastic, overall beautiful work!! I'm very happy with my purchase.:)
Hilarious movie. You want to laugh-see this movie. George Hamilton out did himself.
well they work, so nice
i am a computer technician. i bought this tool to cut something. it works great and come with some small saw blades. it helped me a lot. thank you. five star for you.
Great product I liked it so much I ordered a second just to keep on hand
very lightweight with solid reinforced stitching where it matters, could use a few extra tie-down straps but it has center tie straps which most tarps don't, nice self-tightening clips on the tie down straps, great value for under $30
I bought these for both my wife and daughter's skis. They work great on both!
This is exactly as described. It looks and is a personalized license plate. It was delivered a day earlier than expected.
It helped me to open my cell phone, to change the battery. Everything went very smoothly
I bought these gloves to keep in my car's glove compartment. I don't know how many times I've driven off in cold weather without gloves and regretted it. Case solved. These gloves grip well thanks to the deer hide palms. They're warm enough. All in all, no negatives.
Very pretty. Colorful and functional.
hold it well... good for tennis
Bought to include as part of an Operation Christmas Child shoebox, which ended up being sent to a 10-14 year old boy in the Philippines. I also included a small tire pump and a picture of a bike mechanic so he would hopefully know how to use his gift toward earning some kind of income.
I love this movie. I think it's Romero's best zombie film. The characters are fleshed out. Tensions are high between the characters and you can feel it. The makeup effects are incredible. It's gross in the best possible way. This isn't just your typical dumb horror movie. This movie has a lot to say. It's what The Walking Dead wishes it was or at least what it was in the first season only this is so much better. I really love this movie and the ending is perfection. Romero was a genius and a great man. He and his brilliance will be missed.
Awesome app, must have for the practical shopper and sports minded people who live and enjoy fun on the range.
Terrific product,Saves a ton of time
This is the only filter that is a match for my rigid vacuum, & the only source where I can purchase it ~ please keep available!
At 1200 lumens, it's very bright and illuminates all the area I need to see in order to ride safely at night. There are no streetlights where I live, and this light makes me feel safe and not likely to run into deer! Any brighter would be overkill. Makes an excellent hand-held flashlight too. I can easily see to the other end of the pond out back, probably 1/10 of a mile. And at $16 a great value. The red rear light is a nice bonus.
Great quality kid loves it. Great buy
This is my favorite grab-and-go backpack. I have another backpack that I use for school, but I wanted another bag I could grab and already have my work clothes/shoes, deodorant, other headphones, etc. This bag has so many useful components and sections and everything has a pocket of it's own. Almost anything I want to put in here has a perfect fitting sleeve or pocket and I know exactly where everything is (Yoga 2 Pro fits literally perfectly in the theft-proof laptop section in the underside of the strap right behind your back). I bought this because I thought it looked cool (and it really does, I've gotten a lot of compliments for it,) but I really underestimated how many uses this is applicable for. I can use it for work, personal bag for flights/trips, and even for school. I already have 2 friends that want to get this same bag and if you are thinking about getting this, you should. It's well worth the $30 and the waterproof fabrics are very well made and the quality made me value this bag at a lot higher of a price than what I got it for. Another thing I love about the one strap design is that when you adjust it to fit you perfectly, it fits very well and I can even jog with it on because it frees up my arms and I can move them anywhere unlike a traditional 2 strap backpack. It also helps put more of the weight on your upper body/chest instead of your shoulders and I can wear it for a much longer period of time than my other bags without making my shoulders/neck sore. Overall, this backpack has really solid material and very well thought out design and is well worth the price. Best bag I've ever bought.
Replaced a broken one...
My son has learned to ollie and kick flip with these within a couple months. Well worth it!
Can early a perfect fixed
This pack is large and I love the fact that there's straps inside the pack
great little stove if weight is an issue, we have 4 in our group with zero problems since they were bought in june or july.
My son's favorite episode. He loves the music!
I actually ordered this for a Halloween costume for myself. My son was going to be Bob the Builder so I thought it could be cute to do the same. Got a lot of compliments on our costumes! Great buy! Great price!
Me an my sone loves doing these together!
Item was delivered on time
So easy to assemble, a dream to cart everything out to the beach! We used it Memorial Day weekend at Jones Beach and it was great!!!
Works well, easy enough to set up and use. It's small and doesn't take up a lot of space.
I'm very happy with product thank you
This is an excellent movie.
Using them for various tasks working on my race jeep and they do what you'd expect them to do! Also, they last a pretty good while, longer than I thoughts they would. Way longer than the sanding disks (not flap wheels) you can buy at lowes, HD, or tractor supply. I'll definitely buy more.
It's a square, seems to be square. Works as advertised.
This was absolutely beautiful ! Just what I wanted.....it's hand made and fits on your ear no problem, came in a box and I was really impressed how much care went into the work of one little piece.....REAL Sterling Silver !!! Worth every penny !!!!
The blanket is thin, really great for summer camping used. It's also soft, really comfortable to be covered by it. Also works great to be sit on.
Nice and soft, warm, and comfortable. Good buy during winter.
I love this product so much! It is very lightweight and has held up so far. It's very easy to set up once you know what you're doing and all easily fits back into the little carrying bag. Great quality material.
I love my lighter that I received as a gift from my son. And boy what a surprise! He knows that I am always frantically looking for a lighter to light my candles around the house, and usually resort to using the stove, lol. This one is much more affective than the BIC lighters I usually use. My son had it engraved prior to giving it to me, and I intend to keep it forever.
I love this product in combination with the lotion. I've been using this product since my son was are 9 months old & it has reall helped him with the itching & pain of eczema.
Small. Convenient. Does its function. I bought two and they are durable quality made products.
Fits well and I love the pockets! I'm spoiled now and get bummed every time I pick a different pair of leggings from my closet and they don't have pockets. Very soft and comfortable
I don't know if I used it wrong or not, but does not work very well
It's a great childhood game a few friends and I use to play. I'm glad they remastered and actually developed an actual story with some of the old characters from many of the different games. The only problem, you can beat it in under 8 hours. Wish there was more.
Arrived so quickly! And it is beautiful, just exactly what my daughter wanted to give her friend. Thank you so much!
It charged the drill
I chose these because they have simplest ingredients of the US Coast approved rations I looked into. This seller provided good service and fast delivery.
I use it to do underwater fishing. I have not gone down to 100 meters but it has gone down to 50 meters and it works perfectly. It illuminates the caves very well and due to its consistency it resists any impact very well. Very good power, both outside and inside the water you can see everything perfectly.Very satisfied with the purchase.
Got here quick and are very pretty
Husband needs his spray gel. Great price
definitely gave my hair long lasting body
Very nice Fire HD 10" screen
Best album he has made in my opinion.
great knife for beginners and pros
Mainly use this for guests. tried it out several nights myself and it is very comfortable - back support etc. would recommend this product for anyone looking for a mattress for the guest bedroom
holds your glasses where they should be.
It fits perfectly in our kitchen. I wasn't sure when I purchased the 19" TV. It has great color and works beautifully.
I hope this young woman has great success. One thing she must be careful of is song choice. She does much better with older favorites leaving the hip hop stuff to the kids to sing.
So good I forgot they are healthier than most. I love the flavor and crunch. Kashi is a bit expensive but the products are really good.
Best dry shampoo I have ever used
These sunglasses work really well for me.
Excellence that I expect when Clit Eastwood directs and stars in a movie
Do's the job,will not keep you warm in cold weather.
5 Stars Review.New to mechanical splicing the Frontier tech couldn't believe it was my first time splicing super strong signal strength.
Is there anything Carhartt makes that isn't fantastic? I love this thing, the only critique is that I wish it came with a strap or D-rings to allow for one.
delivery and order went smooth this is a Christmas gift
Nice set for the price
This is a wonderful scent. One of my favorites!!!
Only have a couple hours of use on the sander, so for I have no complaints. Plenty of power, decent range of speed
Got the job done! Super lightweight even with all my crap. Not that water resistant but still a great bag.
Fabulous for doing intricate paint techniques
Works well for my granddaughter as a replacement for her school back pack.
Great lounger. Easy to set and very cozy. Perfect for camping, beach or just hanging out in backyard. Comes in very compact bag so easy to transport.
Very nice knife for less than$ 10.00 !
We traveled to Europe and used them. I ended up buying 2 sets - which was 4. We only really needed one set so I gave one to my brother who also traveled to Italy. They work well in Germany and Italy. Can't say anything bad about it. BUT MAKE SURE, you can use a lower current and higher voltage for your equipment. Most items will work but not always great for some things. For my wife's curlers we have to use a transformer. There are just adapters. Most items work with just the adapters but there are a few things that do not.
Haven't had any problems so far. Screen quality is good, audio is good, and it isn't slow.
my family really like this series very much.
This is a great product for perfecting your eyebrows. A little goes a long ways and stays on all day. I highly recommend. I use medium brown and the color matches perfectly.
Great product and a fair price! It's also great to know that you'll get excellent customer service if needed. I will continue to buy these products.
My wife is has on and off problems with her back and posture. She has tried several different methods with limited success so I decided to buy this for her. It's early days yet but her initial impressions are very good. It can be put on easily, it's not too bulky or intrusive, it's comfortable and easily adjustable. After a few days she has noticed a marked improvement in posture and her movement is a lot more free.Very Happy with the product.
I have used many types of blister first aid over the years. This one works very well. Only caveat is that it's so sticky, you have to get it on right the first time or you might have to try again with a new one. At least one of the other brands of similar items in the past would fall apart from my weight. These are quite durable!
Great light for when ypu need it. Note if you get some that are not working. Take off the end with the light and where it meets the batt. Scratch it a little. Some film might be left on it.
Everything I expected
Nice bright lights. Great for better visibility to drivers or pedestrians. I feel safer with these on my bike while riding at night. Not that hard to attach. There are some videos online how to install these types of lights. I have 26" wheels and the length was just right. No need to trim. I wish they came with a few more spoke clips because on my size wheel if you wrap every other spoke the clips won't be enough but no big deal. I just had to space them out evenly. Definitely a good lower cost option than other lights out there on the market and the ability to change colors anytime I want is also a plus!
Described correctly. Hubby already had batteries. Works great!
This bike like is awesome. The build quality is outstanding. I really like how easy it is to mount. Battery life.....well let's just say is amazing. The external battery pack is a nice touch. The light does have different settings for brightness, blinking, etc. I did verify that it is waterproof after getting caught in a down poor on my bike. I really like this product.
Very bright bulb little pricey.
Came early was a Christmas gift
I love, love, love this swimsuit. It fits so comfortably. I am not large, but have wide hips and usually have to size up in the trunks. I love these bottoms; they are comfortable, just the right size, and fit really well. They compliment and show off my figure.
Everyone---everyone----should see these movies! Everyone!
This was a gift to someone and was shipped straight to them. I personally didn't get to see it except through a picture sent through phone. It looked like what I expected and she stated that she loved it. May order one for me.
Very small very light. Less than an ounce. You could carry two for the weight of others...and still only be into it like 30 bucks...enough said.
The best movie ever...so glad to have bought this because I never get tired of watching it, that's how good this movie is...
I love this product, no matter which pasta I buy, everyone eats and likes it!
Does everything I wanted and looks great installed
All chips came as described
Expensive but so good it is worth it. Particularly on those nights when you're too tired to rinse your face. This can be wiped off instead of rinsed. I have very sensitive skin and this leaves it soft and without any irritation. I don't even need to use any type of moisturizer when I use this cleanser. You need so little of this, it lasts a very long time; making the price much more reasonable in the long run.
I love these things. I've been using them for years. I hate that they're so pricey, but they work, and last forever. I only use mine to remove eye makeup, but it's amazing. One little spot of hot water on the cloth, and your mascara is completely wiped away.
Awesome cd with bonus songs
I love it and it cut through all the nails and wood nicely. It is a must have if you own oscillating saw.
Super durable! I was worried but this has worked out beautifully for my camping trip. And I weigh about 220 pounds and it didn't deflate at all.
This is the only weather app I use as it's been reliable. It gives you pretty basic info and a radar in easy to read form. The radar is a bit wonky because of how it does time-lapse now but it's still good.
Holds multiple hot dogs at full extension without bending too much.
Just got my set in today. Works off of GMRS systems, so it compatible with other radios. I will say on VOX, even on low will pick up range noise. To be seen what the actual range is. But as the title says, Ive been looking for something like this for some time.
I really like this. Its great for taking gun cleaning items out into the field.
I love these gloves. This is my second pair, I wear them daily and am very hard on them these have lasted much longer than any others I have tried.
The studs need to be longer
Very well made. Very sturdy. Nice rich color. Plenty of room in the main compartments for 15 inch lap top and files. The interior pockets have are ample enough for me for additional items.The two exterior pockets are deep and and wider than I expected allowing more places to put your extra like cell phone etc. The stiching on this bag is very well done. Seems to me this bag should last a very long time. Did I mention it just plain looks great!
Seems well made. Nice size
same product, less money!
Really enjoy this game.
This product was recommended to me by a person at a hair salon but I could not find it anywhere except here. Works great!
don't eat a lot, you blow up like a ballon
This was given as a gift. He was excited to receive this and says it's a definite bonus to have when metal detecting.
I bought this as a gift for my niece . I'm amazed at the quality for the price.
I received my purchase intact from the seller and I have been enjoying some of the Agatha Christie Hour episodes.
I ordered the Apricot Flowers case and the colors are wonderful! It's so vibrant and pretty! The Kindle fits perfectly and the wake\sleep function works as expected. I am very happy with the case!
Surprisingly well-made. Bigger than I expected.
No one talks about a cooler... ever until you get a Yeti! It is a cooler to be proud of! Durable and works - keeping food and beverages cold for hours! I love it!
Very nice, totally recommend!
This is SO worth the money! This is something that our entire family uses and it's great for summer fun!
Shipped quickly! I only bought this for Outside Providence - this movie is impossible to find at a decent price.
Fun way to spend a rainy day. Very easy to win coins without purchasing. I like that about a game.
Well made and worth the price.
Looks nice! I expected a blinking feature that I did not get. Let's see how long the battery lasts. Fitting is nice&tight and brightness (three modes) is ultra visible.
Good price and great fuel
Love it. I beat the hell out of it and the paint is chipped pretty bad but it never bent. For what it is and what you pay it's really good, just like all Tekton brand tools.
Dropped it right in place. And immediately got right back to work.
The only thing about this movie that is new to me is that I now have it on Blu-Ray. I absolutely love this classic. I've seen it many times at the theater and on VHS. That's why I had to upgrade to Blu-Ray. 😁 The Princess Bride is a must-see for kids and adults alike. Great story telling. Great message.
I don't know what this is, or what it does, but my husband is actually checking things off of his list....so hallelujah
This is great. I started looking into this after the Flint Michigan incident. I wanted to know that my drinking water is safe. It will also come in handy this summer when I have to test the pool all the time. Yay 😃 no more test strips!!! Also has a black light. Even comes with the batteries- all set up
I bought these for my granddaughters to make car rides more enjoyable. Shipping was fast and I received the product in great condition. It is packaged with everything you need to use the unit out of the box. I am really pleased with how easy setup and installation is. The picture quality is amazing and the volume is great. The headrest straps hold the units in place so the units do not move around. The girls were so excited to see these and use these especially since they each have their own unit. This will make for more pleasant car rides.
I loved this show as a child and have enjoyed sharing this with my son! 😊
This was a gift to our daughter.
The markings on this Mat are really helpful, it has just the right amount of padding, and I dont slip at all when I use it. It tends to stretch a little when I do poses that put a lot of force or tension in opposite directions, like downward dog, but it doesn't cause any problems. It's definitely bio-degradable. I can already see some slight wear and tear after using it daily for about a month. But that's the point of a mat like this. It's not going to exist forever in a landfill when I have to get rid of it and that's a relief.
Very silly stickers that look great and super unique! They stick really well!
Fast and easy to use. Can even use for gas at Safeway gas stations. Just pay inside.
Needed an inexpensive solution to view security cameras. I bought this, connected it to WiFi and my network, downloaded the app and it worked perfectly!
This was another show I enjoyed when I was young & had to start a collection.
Best $$$ ever spent on workout program. The app is so easy to use and I love it.
Great material, great length, worth the price. My boyfriend really enjoyed it!
I purchased these for weeding the garden. Perhaps not the perfect gloves for this task as they do get wet. But the quality is excellent and I will use them for dry gardening for sure. Nice soft leather.
I get a very good workout and some yoga poses also. Fun and challenging.
Perfect for sporting events that require clear bags, and your stuff will truly stay dry in the rain.
Like the product. Needed security for my Kindle Fire
Love this 11 in 1 surviving tool kit, nice and small really easy too fit in my backpack. I can't wait to go camping then I can show off this tool kit!
Great buy!! Would definitely buy again!
Amazing if you are doing durty jobs like a Technician, woring with oil and grease, this Headlamp is going to help you a lot...
Wax on wax on wax. Use this to cover good in the microwave that causes cancer....
I really like this sling backpack it has lots of pocket and it's very nice quality
Bulk size. Very salty though. Used to have more flavor though.
I nice way to relax and sharpen you brain instead of dulling it. Simple and well done
It's fine for homeowners work, its useful for any project around your house
It took a while to put it together but it works great
This stuff works great! Does not weigh down your hair. I have thin straight hair and I pump three pumps and massage into my hair when wet. It works like a charm. I need this as I have bleached ends on brunette hair and this softens it up nicely! This is my second bottle.
We have used it for camping and for playing with water at home with my 2-year-old. Plus is collapsible so it's easy to put away
Beautiful rings! I've been wearing them almost every day for about a month or so now, and they have held up very well. They still look brand new. Very pleased with this purchase!
I bought these for hiking and they are great with my boots. I wear a woman's size 10 and they fit nice. I like the variety of colors for the seasons.
These cover are help a lot . Make floor cleaner . I will use out side .
Put on the window of my vehicle. Nice size and added bonus of being able to see through it but seeing through it doesn't take away from the look.
slightly askew on direction (my particular compass is a few degrees off magnetically in comparison to other compasses like Suunto), but is much more durable than the Suunto and actually stays on watchband. Overall gets the job done.
The pads are nice and thick and they fit snug on my hand! Not too shabby!
Melissa is hilarious
Quick, easy and always pleases.
fast shipping and great quality. I love it.
Very well-made I really like this bag
Work fantastic for the price.
I have been using this product for almost a year now - and I absolutely love it. Growing up I had mild acne but never anything severe. About a year ago I stopped taking hormonal birth control and my skin reacted horribly. I had deep cystic acne (for the first time in my life) all along my jaw line and around my mouth. I was petrified and my old acne regimen wasn't making any difference. My cousin told me about this product and I tried it. For the first month or so I didn't really notice a difference but after the first couple months i noticed a HUGE difference in my skin. Now almost a year later I don't really break out. I still have a couple of scars but no active break outs and I'm so thankful. This product is very expensive but it really does work! I highly recommend it!!
I needed a strong simple pocket knife to carry at work. I have several other SOG knives so decided to stick with it and it has not disappointed me yet. Sharp, strong durable construction....perfect
Great Product, Good Quality, Fast charging
Definitely worked for us
Only blade I use, very sharp and last very good. The price is right and a good value.
This wi-fi outlet works really well, and the app makes scheduling on/off times very easy.
We've just purchased a new to us yacht and the stairs going to the top deck are wood, with varnish. These strips will keep our guests and us from slipping and hopefully prevent injury. Sold & received as advertised.
I like the size, the overall look, the quality of the sound and screen clarity. We've had it now for a couple of weeks. I'm excited to use this for our upcoming trip with my kids. Great product for a great price.
They are a great pair of guards. I have a size 10 1/3 blade and it fits perfect.
Packs Small. Nice for bug-out bag. Spoon is bigger than I expected. Knife is small but SHARP, just like the pictures. Fork looks exactly like in the pictures. Very nice. Buy some. You will need them.
It's a gamestop giftcard that works
Have not used yet, but it appears that it will do the job!
Love the design ! My yoga teacher commented on it and said it's the best !
I am not a Ryobi fan, but their cordless glue gun is amazing for template work. We have quite a few Milwaukee (Yes, same parent company as Ryobi) batteries and decided to give this a shot instead of purchasing another battery and charging system to carry around. It snaps together like it has always been a part of it, the Milwaukee battery allows us to keep using the batteries we have. The trade off is that it is a bit bulky with the added adapter/battery combo but worth it for me.
Love the various pockets. Comfortable...holds a relatively large amount without becoming too bulky. It is a little wider than I would like--I think it could probably fit a 17in laptop. But, the material and zippers seem durable--really a nice bag.
I absolutely adore this game. I love the different ways the game comes to an end, and look forward to any new ideas or content the creators decide to bring next.
We love this product. It has exceeded our expectations.
These are my favorite
I have already converted so many of my Hi8 tapes already! We have had so much fun seeing a lot of footage we have yet to see since originally recording the moments years ago.
Love everything Barilla. This works Great in my shrimp recipe for pasta.
These are awesome fairy lights. Perfect for putting inside a glass block for a beautiful light. Love them. The plug in part is bigger than my last set but these are nice a bright to be so small
I first bought the Headlamp and gave it a 5 star rating. But, after I had had it while I realized it wouldn't hold a charge on the batteries. I mean like overnight. I re-rated it to 2 stars because of the battery issues. I really liked the light. It's bright, comfortable to wear, and has flashing red and white lights when I wear it on my bike. I am again giving a 5 Star rating. The company saw my 2nd review and immediately got in touch with me. We concluded it was a manufacturing problem and they sent me a new Headlamp that works perfectly and the battery is lasting forever. They showed that there is great customer support still out there. I appreciate them very much!!!
I was happy they fit the pens I have, especially since these aren't the same company. The colors all match though!
These lights work very well for my craft projects. We will be purchasing. Great price and fast shipping.
Great price for a good tool. Works great to take a factory close clamps
Good quality. The steel caps on the grips are in contact with the ends of the shanks. Hammer blows on them won't damage the grips. The grips are generously sized and easy on the hands. These tools are built to be used hard.
Our letter got here quickly. And my daughter was over the moon about Santa writing her. It was personalized just for her. Would definitely purchase again .
lights up when power goes out to help you find it. strong beam and lasts a long time.
Fast delivery and was exactly what the description stated.
My skin is HIGHLY sensitive/reactive and I have seborrheic dermatitis flare ups from time to time. Everything clogs my pores so for the longest time I avoided SPF.. but this one is PERFECT. The texture is so weightless, easy to spread, and blends into my light-medium skin tone perfectly. I love the SPF 41 and that it's water resistant, and the simple ingredients play so nicely with my skin. Haven't had a clogged pore or reaction from this at all. It's not greasy or sticky on the skin, and gives a beautiful glowy appearance. I'm hooked! My dermatologist recommended this and now I will be repurchasing for life!
Just the right amount of cushion (for me). My go to socks for running.
The best thing that could happen to my face, If this is fake (as some people say on the reviews ) I can't even even imagine the original !! life changer , I swear it !
So this is the cutest lunchbox!!! Nice quality & love that we can do both hot/cold with the food at the same time.
This thing is solid - just make sure you mount it properly, i.e. on the beams not on the drywall. Holds the ladder fine, although I am using it to hold my EV charger handle. Anyway, does the job well and is solidly built.
This is my first paddle board and I loooove it! My partner and I take it out together and it's really stable. I have an electric pump that inflates it in less than 3 minutes. It compacts to the perfect size and I can store it almost anywhere. 100% recommend this board.
Works great to turn on my space heater only when it needs to be on. I'm using less power than to leave the heater on the whole while I am away.
Bought this for my tool set collection. Works great. Pretty easy to use. No issues with stripping bolts/screws. Definitely worth it and a great value.
Smaller than I expected but I love it!
Item looks great on my mantle, thanks!
Bought these for all the guys going on our cruise seemed to be the perfect size for everyone. Very durable and good price. Would definitely buy again
Tent fit 2004 F150 6.5 foot bed perfect! Very spacious with plenty of head room. Used it for 5 days of hunting. Everything was great except when it rained the door way and the opposite side leaked. It didnt leak very much. The rain fly should cover those 2 areas better but it doesn't. Overall I'm satified with the tent.
Very nice fit on TV stand shelf. Rich sound. The speaker has a 3-way power switch...on/off, and on when a signal is detected. I keep the speaker on the switch that indicates "on when a signal is detected". I know it's on because a blue LED light appears reflected under the speaker. When the speaker is not in use, there is no blue light.
I am not a movie critic. So, I gave 5 stars for perfect condition of the Blu-ray disc when it was delivered and Amazon's shipment that provides the name of the name of the hotel front desk staff for easy tracking for a traveling customer like me. Recommendation: printed billing statement should be included inside the package since the billing address is the same with the delivery's.
Great for young artists
Cool little bell. Mounted on the front of my bike stem. Not on handlebars. Works great. Loud enough and was relatively inexpensive.
Taste was good, I would reorder.
love this i believe this could actually be true
Important features in a neat package
Absolutely worth buying .
Loved it !! Interesting subject to discuss with other couples watching it with us !!
Fantastic tv show that kept me captivated throughout the entire season!
It's working as it expected
Really nice you can get this delivered to the house. Thank you and good packaging
Keeps tea so hot have to take cover off the vent! Excellent insulation! Love the size as well, easy to hold.
Item as Described. Fast Shipping. Thank you
Item never arrived in the package with my other gift cards that I ordered. However, I contacted Amazon and they immediately deactivated the missing Gift Card and offered an immediate replacement or refund. They handled the issue very well without any issues. I simply reordered
Perfect for an emergency! Save it and forget it (hopefully), until its needed.
Nice product, super sturdy, cheap holder but nice bits!
Perfect for what I needed it for. Thanks
Very happy w/ results.
Product is exactly as described in a convenient case
Awesome! My two year old son loves this bike. He really gets moving and is learning balance. It's fairly well made for a kids bike and is much lighter than most of a comparable price.
My boys use this every night for something to look at while falling asleep. Its quiet and has several features. We have dropped it several times and it's still going strong!
Great saw. With limited upper body strength I can still slice through the thickest gourd when doing my artwork. thanks
These are good bags that hold up well. Overall, a great purchase!
Just what I was looking for.
Such an easy solution to wind noise while riding a bike
Very addictive, but I really do enjoy playing this game. Love it!
Wow! Every song on the album is stellar.
Great gloves warm good quality
The Rural TV app finally lets me choose what I want to watch when I want to watch it. I love RFD-TV but this app allows me to have some flexibility to watch the shows I really love, as many times as I want.
Wow! This little flashlight sure packs a punch for the buck. I heard about these flashlights from my son. After ordering them I was amazed at the power these little lights have. I love the zoom feature with the five different modes. I thought a flashlight had to be large to produce such a bright light but these little lights proved me wrong. Perfect size for my purse or pocket.
10 out of 10 would reccomend. It is long lasting- doesn't crease- smudge proof (Not 100%, but good enough), good for hours of wear. Put this on at 5am and it was good until the next day (It smudged in my sleep, but was still there regardless.) This was on a casual day to note. Application was like butter. The felt tip isnt super skinny throughout. It has a skinny precision tip, but a semi thick base. This makes it easy for a one-and-done application. Only eyeliner brand i wear tbh
Milwaukee M12 great charger great deal! Way cheaper than home depot.
Sturdy. Works great.
looking forward to using them on my new project soon!
I have lipsense...this is so much better. I actually leave mine on for about 15/20 minutes and then wipe it off. The color stays, no cracking or peeling. I'm going to need all the colors!
Awesome, worth every single penny
This mug has been great. No leaks, easy to clean, keeps coffee hot for hours.
Great quality product. Does what it says it will do. This is my go to brand for all of the devices.
This is Awesome! Smart Design, User-Friendly and Enjoyable. Highly Recommended!
Seem to be made well and were easy to install.
This light is by far one of the best purchases I've made all year and it came with a charger to keep the battery charged.
I spent FOREVER searching for the perfect daith jewelry, I mean combing the depths of the internet for what felt like an eternity before I happened upon this thing of beauty. I hesitated and ended up only ordering one bc... well, what if I didn't like it? MISTAKE. Order two... this is perfect. Easy to put in, even with arthritic hands and fumbly fingers. Easy to sleep in... perfect diameter. Super pleased and will order different styles in the future!
have not got to use yet its for christmas gift but looking at it it looks well made thats why i give 5 stars
I have searched long and hard for a chair that was portable, study, and fairly comfortable this one fits the bill for shooting photos ring side at dog shows. ..I don't get the different price for other colors but I like the teal fine.
lovely vest. I would compare the quality to more high priced brands that I own. It's a great find, but definitely purchase it a size larger I'm normally between a small and medium in most items size 6-8 jeans and purchased a large, and that is perfect. So glad I read other people's reviews!
I recommend this skateboard for beginners, I'm learning how to skate and it made it super easy to balance myself.
Just what I wanted and works good
Service was quick and this urn for my beloved pet far exceeded my expectations. The urn is beautiful and I love it.
I'm a small and the small fit me a little snug but overall the material was great! I wore it for two snowboarding trips
Very neat. Loved that the lights only light up while shes skating.
My wife said these are great for yoga and barre classes. She has very small feet and also said they fit her perfectly.
Really loving this hidden object game so far. You get to play fun games like seek and find the hidden object to save up for improvements to your mansion you are renovating. Great game!
I like the way it works. Easy to assemble. Adds extra lighting to my kitchen.
looks cool on the kitchen wall..i don't have to say that to the kids as much ...... ;-o
Great looking. Met all my needs.
Great album of early Beatles!
Great for tool pouch, etc for quick inside/outside measurement (inches or mm). (of course use your 'digital' caliper when you're measuring for close tolerances)
Absolutely epic movie!!! I love Arnold! He is the man in everything he plays!!! Great actor! Thank you!!! Mrs. Lutz
I Do not regret this purchase at all! Happy with the quality and functionality.
One of the best purchases ever made. I highly recommend this for those who love The Texas Chainsaw film or just any fan of this franchise. Great collection to have to add to your horror library.
Works great I bought these for my work to handle Dry Ice they are comfortable and flexible my hands don't feel tied up in them and all my other co-workers really like them
Sometimes I get on my motorcycle and go camping. Space and weight are a factor. This sleeping mat is going to be perfect for those trips. Very compact and light. It was easy for me to blow up. About 12 breathes for main part and bout 5 for the pillow. It seems thin in height, but none of my body touched the floor when I laid down on it. It was easy to deflate and store quickly too.
I actually use this on my face because my skin is so dry and it's the only thing that stops my foundation from looking flakey.
Some of my healthy recipes ask for peanut oil. I didn't need a lot, so this works perfect for me. It's a very small bottle
Very good cap. Easy to wash. Very good design. No leaking at all. Love it.
Ordered arrived early and was easy to install. Very bright very pleased
Super soft, very comfortable, a little see through, good quality
My favorite perfume.
I like that these light are bright, zoomable and a great size. The two pack makes it easy to have them available in different places
Very nice. To save and frame.
I like that it came fast than I expected.
Twilight is an old show, but it's still very relevant today.
bought these for my grandkids fire tablets.a little extra protection can't hurt!
I bought this backpack for my daughter field trip from the school. I am impressed with the quality and capacity of this backpack. It is a very light backpack and can be used by kids and adults for short hiking and long field trip activities. Worth every penny.
I feel good Surprise delivery The most professional service. everything is fine. We liked it, we bought it twice. Excellent
I had a cabinet screw whose thread was destroyed. This extractor worked perfectly for my needs. Did what it was supposed to do. Helped me rethread the top and then remove the screw. Worked perfectly. My life is now complete. If you don't know how to use, you can watch a YouTube video to check how it works and how to use. It was very reasonably priced and arrived quickly. I would recommend this item.
Fits great and light
Decent product that serves the purpose. Given the number and assortment of paper towels out there, I can't really say how these compare in terms of function and value, but they work just fine for my needs (mainly kitchen-based).
Already know that this will turn out amazing. Love how the delivery person put it in a place where it wouldn't get wet as well :)
Fits my Kindle Fire 8 8th generation perfectly. I like the strap for your hand to assist in holding up the tablet while reading. Sturdy feel. Nice design.
Everything I expected and more for the price.
Looks very strong which is good to prevent thief. Like this lock because i don't need a key. worth the money spent
Love that these are available for kindle! Protected my son's screen like it was supposed too! I will reorder and recommend!
Used to cover my Kindle device. It's lightweight and it is functional. Very happy with this purchase.
makes things really nice and slippery
I have used this tent on several rainy camping trips and every time I'm impressed with how dry the tent remains inside. The rain fly is incredibly effective.
This album has mesmerized me. It just works on every level. I don't want to get into too many details, but if you are a fan of the 80s new way Depeche Mode kind of feel, I think you'll not only enjoy this, but get addicted to it. Just a fun fantastic album.
Super soft, wash well, true to size. Great for play, sleep and everything in between. Lightweight cotton. These Carter's pants are literally the only pants I've been putting on my son since we was about 3 months old.
Is really good taste thank you
Nice kit cant wait to try them
My son lives in these!
This bottle works great. I'm on my second one in 2 years and I use it every day.
Seems to be good quality. Had this for a few months now and use it every day. I think I miss read this and believe its for use on a hard hat. I use it on my head directly and the battery pack is a little heavy without the supporting ring of the hard hat holding it up. Once i adjusted the head strap a little it made a better fit, and also learned the best place to seat it on my head. I like the adjustable brightness and beam focus as well.
Item as described. Easy to use and put on. Fast Shipping.
I have experimented extensively with the this set of CDs and they sound best with an Apple brandy, at least twelve years old, on a small bit of ice, with a little soda water. It is absolutely mandatory that past and present lovers be absent, this is about introspection and contemplation.
I have watched these movies on TV and I do have them but will watch them in my home soon.
It has a lot of functions, and when I go camping, I will take it with it, and many of its interfaces can recharge multiple devices at the same time. It can also be used for emergency lighting
Great set of gloves. Very comfortable and very flexible.
Very easy to use, excellent
Great product. Made simple work of staking a castle nut on several AR builds. Easy to use & adjust.
Great price great trailer tire.. mounted balanced and immediately went on a 2500 mile round trip.. no problems whatsoever
Overall I like them. Had a few issues with the last two nails in the strip. Can't say if that's a tool issue or a fastener issue.
Wanted more capacity. Goes out quick
They are very similar to the original valve just a bit more tough.
Great goggle at a Great Price!
A surprisingly clear, well recorded disc that captures a particularly strong period of Young's touring career.
Secure-fitting magnetic wristband is handy for holding extra drill bits, screws, and other small hardware
best multitool for in pocket carry. blade (though small and thin) is accessible when closed. Not all the tools I want but if you dont want to wear it on your belt , it's the best compromise. more than enough for regular dude and if you go for the bigger one you might not want to carry as often and then you won't have it when you need it.
Bought these for my 4 year old daughter. She loves to wear them. The pads are nice and light with good protection from falls. Gives her the confidence to try riding her bike and scooter. She likes the ladybug look on the helmet and has nice padding inside. Easy to put on and take off. Overall a great product that helps keep your kids be more safe when out playing
Perfect to organize my new tool box, easy to cut to fit so I could line the whole back of the drawer
great family viewing!
Got this for my husband he has a pocket knife fetish...he was very pleased with it!!
works great for small jobs
Looks Good with My TV interior. Great seller 5*s
Gift for my daughter and she loves it. YeeHaw
Not what I expected but who knows the Kernels were not popping right and it was kind dry tasting.. I didn't really enjoy eating it but it felt like a nutritious purchase. I will purchase again and try a different batch of corn. I could have tried harder so I am gonna buy again.
It was delivered in seconds.
My second cot for another location. It works great and sets up easily.
As a car hauler when I load cars at night it's perfect I can see the car if it has any damages it's very bright it does the job
I love this item. I did Michigan to Australia for my daughter. I was able to choose the colors of both locations.
I've been using this brush on my face for several years. Really like the bristles not to hard and not to soft.
Nice compass. It works well.
This album was Mariah's vocal prime. The smooth and silky tone of her upper registers during this era was like the gift sent from heaven.
I wish they were a bit longer but i like them better than hanes
I love that it has SPF. Now I don't have to layer both. I can use one product & get the results of 2. Over all it does what it says. They say you can tell someone's age from their hands. This is one of my secret weapons for keeping hands youthful.
Very good - they create a pretty tight fit over the ears, and reduce noise better than any other ear muffs I have used.
A must watch for the holidays
Was able to install the light on my helmet in about a minute. Item was exactly as described and exactly what I was expecting.
Great product. I was so sick of hearing the loud ding every time I bumped into something.
If music is art, then Stevie Ray was an artist. Love this CD.
VERY HAPPY CUSTOMER!!!
My husband said he was "pleasantly surprised" at the close shave this shaver left. He also mentioned that the only drawback was shaving his neck area since this area has loose skin ("it didn't shave as close, the friction burned a bit"). My thoughts: his face felt so smooth as if he shaved with a razor.
Two nice small flashlights. They are shockingly bright for the size they are. They run off 1 AA battery and have a clip on the side too for your pocket.
Big enough to easily clean & the glow in the dark one actually glows in the dark. It's exac as shown.
Let someone else pay full price.
Much better light than other brand I had. This one is very bright and will keep flashing for over six hours. The other brand quit after about 3 hours. Easy to recharge. Do not have to bend back a rubber cover. The charging cable prong fits in socket easy. Other light I have used are tricky to align in order to plug in. But this one is easy.
i ordered the cd and accidently ordered for $9.99 the same thing to down load somewhere that i dont have so i dont know how to refund it.
Kobalt makes great products. This kit, although in a small box, contains all the bits you'll need. The carry case is small enough to fit anywhere
Amazing product I'm a pool server thick in a skirt and this saves my life and from starting a fire .... god bless this product
Got to have this to read a military map!
Lots of fun, seat is unique!
Worked on two cruised so far! Saved us a ton in alcohol! Great purchase!!
Very comfortable and the perfect size.
To wash my windows, I needed a small Bit to take off security screens. This set is perfect and convenient enough to store inside my house .. without searching for a bit as small as I need.
Love this show . I grew up watching this show in the 80s when I was a kid . Now I have it on Blu-Ray
From the packaging to the paint finish on this shop vacuum was amazing! It came tightly packaged with everything I needed. The color and shiny finish is beautiful. I almost didn't want to use it because it was so shiny and pretty. I'm surprised how strong it is and how it picked up almost everything that was heavy from nails to heavy rocks/stone. Very easy to use with easy removal of the filters for clean up. Every business should own one, and every neighbor should own one too. This is my first super strong vacuum and I'm pleasantly surprised that this type of thing existed for normal personal use.
Very comfortable chair.
I used this tool to make holes for my leather belts. Sometimes you will find discount belts but not your size, this tool will help you save some money.
These lights made my dark garage look like its day time. I also used one over the kitchen sink and it is amazing. These are great lights.
Works as advertised.
The movies are entertaining. They look great on screen.
With some travel coming up, I was looking for a new trip backpack. I must not have paid attention to the measurement details, as I was surprised by how small it is. BUT after checking out all of the pockets and spaces, it's actually BETTER for me that it's small. Perfect for travel docs, phone, water bottle. Will be perfect for some short day hikes on my trip. Can be worn in the front or back. Lightweight, GREAT quality, good zippers and pulls! (I wish the logo wasn't splashed across the front, but it does give it a sporty look!) My pic has a soda can as a size reference. I recommend this bag! My husband wants one now in another color!
The product was even better looking in person than online and we are extremely happy with it! It also came with a handwritten note saying they hoped we enjoyed and an email to reach out to if we experienced any issues (which we did not). I would definitely recommend this item, and from my experience, the company as well!
One of my all-time favorite films. A true masterpiece. Scream factory continues to amaze me with the care the pot into classic horror. Especially John Carpenter's work.
I've never been too keen on the idea of E-reading, but when I got the Kindle Voyage all of my judgements went out the door. I'm amazed at the battery lifetime and how the screen really does look like paper. I would reccomend this to any person who enjoys to read multiple books at the same time.
Whether you snorkel some or wish to, this is the only mask you need. There are a number of sellers under numerous names but they are all the same. Don't waste your money on antiquated masks. The price and functionality are unsurpassed.
This ornament is gorgeous! So pretty - the wings are beautifully sculpted. I have one for myself, which I use on a key ring. This could also be used as a purse charm or added to a necklace chain or in a variety of fashions. I have ordered several for gifts. The quality of the ornament is impressive. Thanks!
This little case is just the ticket, neat, light weight, I really like the pink interior (because I'm a girl) the Fire 7 fits perfectly with no chance of slipping out. Having a place for the pen/stylus that comes with the case is really nice too. Without that I would always be looking for a pen or stylus. Pro Case a stress remover.
Enjoy the variety of games !
The removable 18650 is the way to go, for sure! This little beauty brings me one step further to breaking me dependence on alkaline batteries and their leaking acid excrement! Best feature is the nice rubberized push button on top that does not seen to lend to inadvertent triggering of the light to "in" whilst this light bounces around in my BOB Nice magnet makes hanging in a metal surface like the underside of my cars good nicely.. There's also a D shaped wire thus allows for hanging on a nail or other D shaped wire friendly protrusions.
Basically a good album from top to bottom. Only 1 song that I do not care for.
This is a great product,used it to hold a stand for my wife and it worked great and saved a lot of time.
A grate movie so bad for all his family.
My bracelet was made with care and detailed beautifully. It's a treasure for sure.
It didn't arrive as expected but they didn't hesitate to send a new one.
Patched leak on camper roof at seems of rubber roof and aluminum front. So far so good
I've never used anything like this before but I was able to remove the cylinders off a Yakima rook rack fairly easy. I just kept trying a different key and wiggled it around until the cylinders just popped off. It took me about three minutes of trial and error and once I found the right key, I can take them off in seconds now. Very handy to have these around!
Best tent I have ever bought!! It's very spacious and I love the skylights and the fact that it has the stay cool/dark material! Fit a queen air mattress a play pen and 3 children with all of our luggage comfortably! Easy set up! I could set it up and break it down alone if I needed to!
Not the best but still a solid album release i still hope they continue after this album
It is very good product and easy to use !
Nicely made and attractive but the wood is thin, hoping it holds up over the years to come.
I do not use these to hold a heavy load. They are simply used to hold key chains, connect tools to my belt, or secure a net over items in the bed of my truck. I don't always use the lock, but I do like that they can when needed. Good price and I like that the orange is more visible.
The case is super nice but it's take to much to arrive
It was exactly like the picture, and after 2 years my Daughter still loves it!
I haven't used it yet as I had a different reboot disc.
Got these as a pair of driving gloves for my mom. She loves the touch screen aspect and just keeps them in her coat pockets so she can put them on whenever the steering wheel is too cold.
These are more than I expected. I am switching all lights in my house to LED. I put these in my wood shop and in my home gym. Now everything is clear as day and not harsh on my eyes. I love them.
Very comfortable to wear
Looks really cool and has a really small footprint, so can go in between furniture.
Son loves this game!
Arrived quickly, as expected, a little weighty but super excited to add to my training routine as well as wear to Disney
Amazing! However, the grammer is a little wonky. This game is really addictive, its easy to level up, and overall its awesome!
This item is very easy to use and the results were great. I was very impressed with this item.
1-The product was delivered a day early which is always a good thing 2-The side grips are great, no more slipping out of my hand by accident 3-The shaker's my favorite part of the product. No more clumpy protein shakes
I liked the movie. I do puzzles myself, thought I'm not a wizard at them. It was fun, and interesting and both the actors/actresses played their parts well. Enjoyable and worth the bucks.
these are adorable - exactly as described
Wow! Great Concert with the return of Bobby Kimball doing his thing with as always great musicians and a sell out crowd. Great Audio and Video
It's bad enough that you have to lay down on your back and get under your sink to fix it or install new supply lines right!? Check this cool tool out. It's got all the tools needed all-in-one. This tool is slotted so that you can just fit your supply line in the handle, tighten and you are done. It's not just for supply lines. A card comes with it to show all the things that you can do with it. Thanks RIDGID.
Well-made and sturdy. Well designed and manufactured so that they fit the screws perfectly. Couldn't ask for a better product.
Came on time and is what I expected.
Great work socks. They are thin but do not slip down.
Makes reading tape measures, seeing detail work outdoors easier than trying to fit goggles over my glasses.
Item came as expected.
Easy to use. Have used this for several years.I used to have their artful verson. The background was pretty but, for me a bit busy. I changed to this version!
I liked this product. It worked very well, and I was very impressed!!!
If you are over 5'10 is a little snug. Fits about 5 children and 1 and half adults
Love this back pack, bought it to go to SeaWorld which it was perfect for its now also became my sports purse when running the kids around
I like the codes which identify if the book is an a book and availability
Great knife, sharp upon opening, everything functions as good or better than expected. Only thing I dislike is how tight the pocket clip is. A slight pain in the ass to clip (without struggle or two hands) on most pants. All in all, for the price it is an exceptional blade for an edc
I love Dawn in any form or scent. Why not go for Ultra? One does want best cleanser and antibacterial all round liquid hand and dish soap.
Should have bought these years ago. Used on one job and saved me alot of time.
Aww, I got this as a gift for a friend (who loves it!) and I may have to get one for myself some time. As described, size as expected, love how the mouth is open where we can see the tiny fangs. Surprisingly fast shipping. I shopped around a long time for this type of specimen and I think I made the right choice!
Orange Seal is my preferred tire sealant. Always seals and does the trick.
The price point on this light for the features and quality is unparalleled! It has two different magnets for great placement under the hood or underneath your vehicle. Additionally it has a hook and a belt clip that makes it extremely versatile! Although it is a little bulkier than the equivalent flashlight from Matco. It well makes up for it in performance and price!
These were if exceptional quality for the price point. I ordered the minimum for my son, a new attorney, as I was skeptical of the price and quality. Will definitely order more from this company as the professional quality was just what I wanted.
Great product in quality and price.
Buy this light. For the price you will not be disappointed. Truly amazing.
i couldn't find 28 degree nail in any store. these were cheaper than store prices and worked fine. next time i need nail I might shop on line first.
These are useful for so many things!
There everything to love about this product will recommend
This replaced one that had been misplaced for our clock when we moved. Thx.
Great quality, very happy!Arrived on time,lid fits well and works as expected.
Still sounds like creed. Very good.
Excellent purchase. I had hesitated thinking that this was too small for my needs, but it is perfect in every way.
What it offers. How to open the program.
Awesome product use it all the time specially on road trips
The shifter installed easily and worked perfectly. Shimano is one of the best.
I love this game. England is a beautiful place to explore and drive around. It is fun and I can not recommend this game enough. You should definitely pick it up, it's worth it.
This is the GREATEST tool ever!!! If you plan on doing any ball joints buy this tool. Do not try to do it without this!! Trust me I tried and failed this tool is a lifesaver. Always have the right tool for the job!!!
I LOVE it thank you so much it looks perfect
Like this brand shirt. I refuse to purchase and other brand. I'm loyal to Next level. Comfy meets style. Goes with everything!
I Really like this cup. I like the size so I don't have anymore spills. Like the grip so it doesn't slide out of my hand and it feels good. Also it works as a heat protector so your cup doesn't feel hot. The ceramic keeps things hot or cold. I like the variety of colors to choose from. By the way pink looks so good.
it made my kid happy to have a star wars backpack. he loves the back part that has a face design on it. good quality. customer service team did a great job. the mail carrier for my subdivision delivered this to the wrong address. the company responded quickly and worked with us to make sure we had the kids Christmas gift under the tree on time.
Had some old ones and it fit perfect. looks good
Love this kindle! Originally I thought this would be too small to use daily but in the last 10 days I have hardly put it down and as a result I am tearing through my kindle library. Thank goodness for Amazon Prime Kindle Unlimited. This is light weight and easy on the eyes in sunshine or low light.
Very happy, Thank you.
This seat is nice quality construction; and is firm, but comfortable. I re-seated the battery, and it worked fine after that. It fits sort of like a custom shaped shower cap around the seat. fit perfectly in the seat mounting clamp on my pedestal, just like my old one. Full adjustment is still available with my existing mount, as before.
It's a cute game,but way to slow on giving out the prizes for the quest.
I swim and have color treated hair plus I use cheap over the counter products because I like to try different things. Well..just one use of this shampoo three has made a world of different. My hair feels light and clean. I'll continue it's use in the future.
An album to enjoy am, pm and in between !
Has everything I needed and nothing I didnt
Ive been using this product for over a year...I LOVE IT!! My lashes are so long and have become darker...when I wear this with my good mascara, people always ask if I have falsies on-and I'm a blonde!!! Highly recommend, especially for us gals over 40 who need some thickness and length to our lashes...
This is one of my favorite Hallmark movies, hence the rating. But I was surprised and disappointed to find that this version of the film has been edited and that 9 minutes are missing. It should be a full 90 minutes in length but, as shown on the case, the running time is one hour and 21 minutes. I hope that a DVD will eventually be available that includes the entire film as shown on the Hallmark channel.
My son loves them and learns so much!
I've been using the PC version of this for a while, and recently bought an Amazon Fire Tablet. I was delighted to learn there is an Android version. I just store my documents on Dropbox and formatted documents are available whether I'm at home or on the go!
Got it as a gift for my husband to take coffee to work!! Love it!! Was here in two days
I really like this shave cream. I love the smell of sandalwood, but if you don't - not to worry as it goes away pretty fast. I believe they also offer other scents. What I love is that I seem to cut myself less when using this cream. I always go for a close shave, and normally end up with lots of little cuts all over my face. I seem to have far fewer cuts when using this cream, so yay! You might think $10 is a lot of money for one tube of shave cream, but a little goes a looong way. I've been using the same tube for over 3 months, and it's not even half gone!
Gift for wife, have not set up yet.
Just started playing this game. I find it very addicting only wish the lives were more
Love this eyeliner!!! I got a sample in my monthly IPSY bag a while back, and had to replenish when it ran out. Very easy to apply and lasts all day.
Very nice kit. Does the job.
Great little LCR meter. I have found this meter to be accurate and easy to use. It is solidly built and has sturdy leads.
Wonderful for cleaning my wood furniture. Nice aroma. Great bottle. Good to have natural cleaning product.
Super easy to use and less mess
So far, so good! Bought for use on a plasma table and have been able to cut up to 3/8". I'm still a novice, and seem to be developing dross more often than I'd like, but I think in time I'll figure out suitable settings for the variety of plate I'll be cutting. I've already been able to put it to use making a rear bumper for my truck. Overall quality seems good. I made some minor air supply modifications to fit my setup, no issues there.
This is truly an excellent movie. John Wayne at his best.
One of the best CD's ever.
This game is a lot of fun and consumes a lot of your time. Very addictive.
This stuff makes a HUGE difference in contamination of the welding nozzle. No doubt it will extend the lives of my nozzles several-fold.
Son rides it all over, battery life is good and no issues with it. Well built, even after a few spills.
I wish I had this when I started the remodeling job instead of towards the end.... very handy one handed saw
I watched Pitch on Fox and was extremely disappointed and surprised when it wasn't renewed. It was a great show so I decided to purchase the DVD and watched from beginning to end and I can honestly say it was just as perfect as it was the first time watching! Superb actors! Phenomenal writers! Great storyline! Treat yourself to this DVD, you'll be glad you did!
My youngest Granddaughter put this on her tablet and plays it for her younger brother and cousin. Both of them enjoy this one.
It looks like should work but I haven't tried it!
Quick shipping, received as promised
My wife finally got my hints for this.....Old Timers are great....really sharp! Just the right size.
Family friendly inspiring movie!
Excellent product. Mixed well and was easy to use.
Came very fresh and sweet!
Does what it says. Blink has all of the features that I feel are important. I particularly appreciate being able to see live video of my home with the app. I highly recommend.
These cases are 100% seriously. Just buy it.
I love this scroll saw. It does a great job and is easy to get used to. But my review also has to do with the amazing customer service I received from WEN. One of the parts got lose (my fault and not the manufacturer). I wanted to have it repaired or exchanged through Amazon (where I purchased it) but the 30 days return -exchange were up. WEN customer service not only send me a new unit in 5 days days but also a paid return receipt to send them back the unit I was having issues with. I do own a lot of WEN products but with this customer service this will be the only brand I purchase from now on. Great company.
Always looking for something different to give as gift. Perfect match for this couple.
I had to sand the edges down to size to get the glass to seat in the lens holder and in the process I chipped the edge. It made no difference in the final performance. I also purchased the LED bulb upgrade and added 3 new d-cell lithium batteries and the end result if amazing. Totally worth the price.
Most random Christmas request ever but it arrived promptly and was exactly what I was looking for!
Comfortable, wash well just what the girls wanted.
I like protection in case something unfortunate happens.
Perfect fit for Jet 14" band saw
I take this water bottle just about everywhere I go. Great water bottle
I bought this chair for my daughter since we already have big ones for us. This one is very easy to use and it is very compact. Perfect for outdoor event.
I have a large head so I never wear hats however I have a festival coming up and a Hawaii trip so wanted some kind of hat since I'm bald. After looking at all these random hats on Amazon, I went with this Columbia, more so because of the name & pricing as compared to others. Now, I have a huge dome (Last I remember hat size was about a 7 3/4 or so) and I am so surprised that the hat fits. Hell, I can even tighten it a bit more for a tighter fit! Definitely recommend this hat although it will get really tested next weekend.
This is by far the best tool bag I own! I have 3 now, and they are perfect for any job I do.
I love this food. It was the best Jellybeans
Nice color just as pictured on site
This is an amazing product. I was able to see so much more than a regular mask. I love my new mask.
Gets the job done, simple and easy to adjust and fix the angle.
My son used this to help my grandson with creating his model car.
Liked it very much. Great comedy. Great actors
Great product, great price
Was a gift for my son and he loves it. Says it's comfy, warm and soft. So far I have been Very happy with my amazon essential purchases
What a cool tool! I keep it in my glove box in my car and I've used it several times already! Buying another for our camping gear.
better than the high priced Camel-bac. this is easy to clean, easy to fill water and the adjustability of straps make this comfy hiking or mountain biking
Fun game that makes you think.
We purchased the ASURION Housewares Protection Plan when we purchased a Whynter Upright Freezer. The freezer has worked very well so far but the protection plan is very important to have in case there is a problem in the future. Often small freezers cannot be repaired so the ASURION Protection Plan would replace the freezer if that were the case. Or they would pay the original cost of the freezer. I have recommended to many people that they buy the protection plan when purchasing small appliances. And I have found that Amazon usually goes the extra mile when there is a problem with an item to make sure the situation is resolved.
My wife wanted a light, dark colored backpack for when we travel. This backpack was perfect. Also, you can put small travel locks to secure all items in their pouch and when your done you just fold it up into its' own bag. If you travel and want a lighter backpack to carry all your items, this is the one for you.
THEY ARE A GREAT NEW BAND CAME ACROSS THEM ON YOUTUBE
No smell, easy to spray. I buy monthly.
Nice quality and work great!
It is so lightweight and compact design with instructions on how to inflate. Easy to carry in the bag provided. The lounger is made of high quality material and looks resistant to punctures. My husband loves it. It is great for outdoor activities, excited to use this soon.
The HD picture is better than I expected. Kids loved it. I am using it as second monitor sometimes when doing some work and it working flawlessly. Working well with Mi Box and NVIDIA Shield TV ad well.
Great cast and great movie.
You attach to whatever you're inflating set the amount of pressure and walk away- Uses battery provided or car cigarette lighter The best purchase ever!!!!!! Going to give away as Xmas gifts-love love
Raffi is a family favorite!
great set of bits to start your wood working with
Been wearing these for a few years now, very sturdy, stands up to many washes, and they're too comfortable for me to switch to anything else now.
Just what I expected
Perfect for the beach and recently used to cover wet stadium seats.
My husband is so happy I got him a replacement battery for his dewalt. Another toy for big boy lol. Durable and sturdy. It is heavy. I'm pleased my husband is happy with this product.
Really liking it I'm on season 3.
Love this so much. Especially like the intercom functionality with the dot.
Timely delivery,item works. Thank you.
If you think our country is divided now, you should see what she went through at the beginning of the 20th century! America is truly resilient!
It took along time coming
Fresh and perfect shipping
Great money 12 year old enjoyed it
love the game but can't get it on kindle any more. why?
I bought the battery for my Makita blower. I did not realize the potential of the blower till I used this battery. WOW what a difference from a 2.0 battery. Well worth the upgrade!
Exactly what I was looking for mounted perfectly to my fridge
I buy this for our refrigerator at home. It's great because you only need to replace it every six months. Easy to install. However make sure you read the instructions and go through multiple gallons of water before use. Just going through that process can take me between 15 to 20 min.
I absolutely love this. It is so crisp and clean, if I can I will purchase this from now on. I just found out that Amazon is out and they don't have a possible date when it will be back! I am going to be out soon and I am in a long-care facility and I have relied on Amazon for these things for quite awhile! Please Amazon, don't let me down. :(
After six months of daily (hourly) use, I can say this beats the Gerber I had, hands down. My previous tool (Gerber) broke within days of use, but I was able to limp along for a few months. I've been putting this Leatherman through the ringer on a regular basis and it seems to withstand everything. The knife is long enough to be useful, the screwdrivers work well, and the locking mech is easy to use. This is a must have for anyone - man or woman - that takes themselves and their abilities seriously.
Long gauntlet. Well made. Nice materials. Fit well. Not stiff. Comfortable to wear. Great color -adds a little panache while pruning. Definitely, would recommend these gloves!
This product does exactly what it is meant to do. Sets up easy and holds my bike to do simple work on it. (Like clean the bike or clean and oil the chain. Much easier to use then setting up my larger bike stand to do simple. quick maintence on my bike right before or after a ride. Thanks for making a great product.
The light is well designed and feels solid. Quite easy to attach to the bike handle, you can also turn it around to point to the right direction. Really bright, it shines a long way and the beam is just right with enough side light to see obstacles. I like the different modes setting, the light yellow one would be useful in a foggy weather. Works well as a spare power bank, plan to take it on a trip coming weekend, might rain but a good chance to test the waterproof. Overall a great buy at this price.
I just added this to my Electra Rat Rod. Firmer than the stock saddle...but WAY MORE comfortable too. My booty approves.
Very fresh and great price. Can't beat the price even at the grocery store
Awesome bike light! Actually a great light for anything, you can even use it as a flashlight. It's mini, a perfect little size, and water proof as well (Which I tested and it's true!) Highly recommend and I'll be purchasing more of these for myself and friends who would use/love it!
Liked the flavor and the price.
It is thin, very light and fun to use
Your clothes will smell great!
Item purchased as a gift
This bag is AMAZING! I only just got it but I absolutely love it! I got this bag because my last one was too small, this one definitely solves that problem. It's huge! The shoe pocket is fantastic, I was able to fit my sneakers and still fit all my clothes, my laptop, and my big purse and I still had room! The wet pocket is so nice, I use it for my shower flip flops because I don't do a lot of swimming. I love all the extra pockets for my shaker bottle and water. My only con (and it's minimal) is that I wish the shoulder pad on the strap was a little more cushioned because I'm lugging so much stuff that the strap digs into my shoulder a bit but it's hardly a problem I bought it as an upgrade and I'm certainly thrilled with this purchase. Highly recomend!
I have a US General tool chest from Harbor Freight, and this fit in the drawer perfectly. Just had to cut out the foam liner before setting it in, easy peasy. I ordered another one and have that in there now too, two fit across just fine.
My dad has one similar to this and I love it. Couldn't find one in the stores. This one is perfect, even better than his! Very well made!
My son loves this game!
This is the second one I bought. They look great and the price is awesome. I had been looking for a while and most are priced at $50 to $80. We used drywall anchors in addition to the hardware provided. Easy to install.
I have to say my favorite product is the Cool Down lotion. This stuff goes on luxuriously smooth. No joke. Even the most tender areas of my sunburn are not irritated as I rub it on. It dries quickly, is not oily, and moistens your skin so your burn doesn't feel as tight. The sunscreen did exactly what it was supposed to do. Easy to spread, dried quickly, not oily. I don't know what else to say about that. My least favorite item is the lip balm. Although it says it's coconut flavor, it tastes very strongly like banana. It goes on kind of greasy. It has a strong taste - which is a pro if you like the taste. Just not for me! I did find a different flavor at a marina we stopped at and must say I enjoyed it much more (Watermelon).
I bought this kit to make a whole in floor tile in my laundry room over the drain. For the cost, this product was fantastic! Worked perfectly. Worth every penny, cut clean and smooth with my rigid drill and a squirt bottle.
Received these in 2 days, cleaned my rugs & installed immediately. The Best skid guards I have ever invested in..no more rugs all over the place!
I really like how loud it is it makes me feel more secure and the flashlight on it is very bright and a great bonus feature
I have been buying these over the years for my friends. They are great to put in a purse for they are so small but easy to find. I carry one in my pocket all the time. Be aware the lens hold in ring should be tighten once you get them. I have had them come unscrewed. Over the years only one of so may did not work.
Great value and quality! Heavy weight metal and they each came in its own case with English instructions. Make great gifts and cost way less than the other brands.
We found these same lights on a boardwalk at Orange Beach and ordered them. They are amazing!
Fit my garmin fenix 5x sapphire great! Better than the plug in kind.
It looks unusual, but my son says it works, and doesn't slide off, also easier to see all around.
I got these to supplement the jaws that came with my Nova Chuck. The fit perfectly and worked as advertised. They hold small pieces very well.
Light weight bag, with everything you would need in an emergency situation.
Clear sound and picture
This game is super cute and super fun! I really enjoy games where you can interact with the characters. It's super interesting
Does what it should, great price. Used it for many hours already.
This CD is sweet! I was stoked when it arrived speedily and safely. Shipping aside, this album is wonderful. So much awesome powerful music on this one.
I loved Sea Hunt growing up. The shows are short and entertaining, as only those 1950's directors could achieve. Always clean and tasteful. Good for the whole family. We watch them with the grandkids.
I have used many in the past and this is one of the better ones. The extra tip was a great plus!
Used it to teach my teenagers to clean the stove. It worked really well and the smell was not nauseating. Also work really well cleaning the stove.
Top notch quality!!! Also received it before expected date. We would absolutely buy from this seller again!!
Good quality, looks great! Very happy with this purchase!
Good tape measure, use daily at work all day in rugged environment. Has been in use for two weeks and no complaints thus far.
One part I didn't like in it is when the brother goes S & M.
I live in Florida and wear prescription glasses all the time. I needed to protect my eyes from the sun but got tired of the clip on glasses. Prescription sun glasses are expensive and remember to have them with me at all times was a pain. I purchased these to go over my prescription glasses to eliminate those problems. They work great and I was so satisfied that this is a second pair so that I can keep one in the car and one with my walking shoes so I always have them when needed.
Holds ice all day at baseball tournaments.....fits perfectly in a 5 gallon ball bucket if you need a covert way to get a cooler for water and snacks to the field!
Beautiful necklace, wonderful memory of our time in Maui!
WHAT MORE CAN I SAY? GREAT CEREAL AT A GREAT PRICE!!
Used this several times in the Military and you can't go wrong with this product. It gets the job done and is worth the small price to mitigate a major injury.
These arrived super fast, excellent packaging and communication with the seller. Used these overnight and they certainly helped stretch the height of the show. They were rubbing a blister into the top of my feet and too expensive to throw out. We had high hopes for this product and they delivered! Hoping with more time stretching they will loosen even more. Very pleased with every aspect of this transaction!
I'm pleased with these pods so far. I have only used one so far to prime the tank after the last trip but I really like the soft non-sticky pod texture and the smell is rather good (considering its a waste tank deodorizer). I'll try to remember to update this review after our next trip in a couple weeks and give better info.
Great condition, great movie! Disc wasn't scratched at all, and the box was perfect.
Nice case. My Daughter loved it. Sleep/awake features. Stands up in portrait mode. She's happy, I'm happy.
I use this everyday for finish carpentry work. Its
Very comfortable easy to put on easy to adjust and stays in place no more sliding glasses.
My favorite band! Great album as always!
good timing for one of my favorite, I've been searching for.
operates and looks good.
I love these Leggings! They fit and feel great!
GOOD READ EASY AND CONVENIENT TO KEEP UP WITH MY SOAP
Well made. Good heft to it.
Helping me to stay hydrated on the go. Love the 3 sizes.
Just what I wanted and came early.
Relaxing and enjoying. Not too hard. Not too easy.
Absolutely worth every penny. We took it to the beach and it was everything I wanted. No flies or mosquitoes and so easy to use...
Very light. Great to read everywhere. Lack of light could be a minus for some people.
My favorite natural looking mascara. Just enough thickening and lengthening to enhance without looking made up.
I bought this for my camping. I want something small and lightweight enough that my 5 years old girl can help carry it. It's easy to set up and take down, and it's compact enough that fits in my backpack. Surprisingly it's super comfortable as well. It's much less of the comparable from REI/Helinox. This is compfy, lightweight, sturdy, packed small and inexpensive, I'd definitely purchase another one to replace our bulky traditional camping chairs.
Bought this for me and like it. Will chip if put on too heavy.
This is my 4th one, they break but I love them.
Touch screen, yes! To easy to order books now, needs second step.
This is my second order of these towels. Definitely the softest and lightest towel I have ever owned. I bought it for backpacking and also travel overseas when I don't want to bring a checked bag with tons of stuff and just bring a carry-on. They dry out so fast that they can even line dry in between rain showers or during humid weather. We will be buying a few more and have already told several people about them we travel with.
This scooter was so easy to assemble. It took two minutes and my son scooted away after one demonstration. Very good quality. Smooth wheels, Great on hard wood floors.
it does every thing i need and then some
In Massachusetts, bug bites used to be just pesky, itchy nuisances. Now, a bite could mean a life threatening viral disease, like EEE. These pants, along with the head covering jacket are wonderful. They don't become hot, yet protect you from the mosquitoes, any time of day. And, I find the prices to be very reasonable, in relation to the quality of construction. Easy to wear while doing yardwork. And for those who can't tolerate the chemical effects of DEET, this protection system is a great alternative.
item is as advertised
Best hiking cleats- they stay put and give stability.
Used these for yard work in a muddy yard and kept my pants clean. Wish they were a little thicker to keep the legs warmer but did keep them dry.
I love it. I wanted something to just be able to read on. Perfect size for that. I'm sure I'll use some of the other apps eventually. Very happy with my purchase.
I initially ordered a large. Which is what size I am in most all pants/shorts. I'm 6ft tall and about 185lbs. I had to return the size large and exchange for a medium because they were way too baggy and long. If you prefer a more fitted look like me then opt for one size down. The pockets are rather shallow. But I love the zippers on all 3 pockets. The length sits right around my ankle which is perfect for me. I sweat a lot so even in winter time I can't wear thick sweats to jog or go to the gym in. These are very lightweight and breathe well so I can get away with exercising them in or wearing them out and about. They feel like they're pretty good quality. But I could see them being not very durable if you're using and abusing them every day.
The headline says it all. It looked beautiful on her, very feminine; perfect for a teenager or young woman.
Well made. Will buy again.
I love this flashlight attachment. I'm tempted to purchase a second one so I don't need to keep switching it between my pistol and carbine.
I have used this product before and like the Taste, so the I purchased it, since it was being offered at the best price of all the others I liked today.
Accidentally bought the non-director cut. Not nearly as good or gory... Had to have directors cut. Cheap and reasonable, fast shipping. Great seller.
I liked sleeping on this cot so much I upgraded my 2 man tent to a 4 man just so that the cot would fit while camping. I am a side sleeper and 2 inch air mattresses don't cut it while camping. It is pretty big though for storage, it folds in half so you're looking at at least 40 inches when backing this in a car, does however fit in my Corolla fine. I read some reviews that said this was noisy, I don't think it is at all even with springs. I would recommend also buying a sheet to go over the mattress to keep it more clean.
I like the fact that the hoverboard is already charged and ready to go when I take it out of the box. Also the ride is very nice and very smooth. For this price, the hoverboard has a very good quality.
Exactly what I need at a great price!
works good, last as long as the originals.
Good package one small and one big for big stuff. It worked perfectly fine melted fast. It's easy to use for small stuff like small wire with board.
Packaged very well Just like the picture. No issues
Absolutely beautiful! Great value. Cleanly cut with no sharp edges. Has the holes in it for hanging. Love it. It also makes a great stencil for burning.
DIY installation is not easy. The item looks very good and has a much better design than my old one.
I got this for my dad back in 2014 and it is still doing great! Can't get in all spots but certainly way more than a straight up drill.
Receive it on time each week, no problems.
Very potent, which I like! I use this powder, it is nor granules, in most everything. Love it.
Cute pop up box. Very well made
I thought it was the wrong size for my Nalgene wide-mouth, but it fits absolutely perfectly. This thing makes the Nalgene wide-mouth the best water bottle I've ever used. I like putting ice in my drinks but hate when the ice clogs the opening, but this prevents it. Also, the large hole on the rear wall is for the air to escape so you get a nice smooth flow of water.
I checked this dvd out at the library and enjoyed it so much I bought it. I am new to kettlebells and this is a great introductory DVD for the workouts.
We've tried different wheels for my daughter's little bike, some are just too weak, easy to get spoilt especially the wheels but this one is made of much thicker PU, quality seems good. We've used it once riding around, it spins perfectly smooth with the cute lights on. The space to adjust is enough for you to get a perfect position to fit your bike. I didn't really know how to install at the beginning but the company responded to me quickly and helped me, very nice working with them. Will update later...
This is a perfect pill fob. But they sent me the wrong color. I kept it because I was going on a trip and needed it.
Love it!!! Just as I expected!
did well- did fog when water cooler in than surface
This is awesome for learning how to do a drip root.
If you like Devin you'll love it, if you're new to heavy Devi this is a great place to start.
This app did a wonderful job. It was fast and easy and only took a few seconds. Try it for yourself!
This thing is ridiculously heavy duty, and they went above and beyond making this thing since it's just holding light weight paddles. It does more than it's job, and definitely deserves 5 stars.
Like the compact size and nice product.
I really like these nails ! They look really great and feel very sturdy and stuck on ! They're such good quality and I love the fact that they're vegan and that they're reusable
Worked well fixing my truck
Great umbrella. Big enough for 2 people to walk side by side.
great item, will be perfect for camping. *****BATTERIES ARE ALREADY IN LIGHTS- BUT THEY ARE WRAPPED UP SO IT WILL NOT WORK AT FIRST UNTIL YOU REMOVE THE WRAPPER****** when I first opened them I tried to turn it on and when it didn't work I assumed they were included in the package, I emailed the shipper and was emailed back within the hour letting me know the batteries should be inside light.
Immediate service very happy with it
This was the perfect thing for our Friday night football games. Great combination of cozy while being water resistant. Didn't realize that it actually turns into a warm poncho till we took it out of the bag... This would also be a great idea for kids in band.
Warm, and work perfectly
Vibrant fuchsia color. Make sure to order two (2) as it's one set per order.
We've only used the hammock once so far, but it was great! Set up was easy and it felt very durable. I plan on purchasing another one as well.
Everything is ok, just the leash is missed, they re-sent me, great service!
Pros: 4 way brightness settings along with an amazing strobe and SOS setting as well. Carry 7 days a week and use as a tool at work where they provide Streamlight and Blue Colts but prefer this for its lightweight and easy to carry. Has the pressure or lock-in on and off and can be weapon mounted. Waterproof, easy recharge and will be honest have never used the battery provided, I buy the Tenergy 18650 batteries and charge in a separate charger. I have purchased 4 all together and still have 3 working like new and I'm hard with usage and dropping them. Could not be happier with this flashlight. No cons...Period!
Older movie but the kids still love it!
Workded just had to reset to manufacturer settings.
These are absolutely the nest flashlights. I bought two for myself and loved them so much I bought some for my so, brother and sister. Also, spend a little extra and buy the lithium batteries 18650. They are so much brighter with these batteries. I will never buy a regular flashlight again. The different modes such as the zoom feature makes them even better. My sister especially loved that feature for when they let their dogs out in the yard at night.
Need a duplicator to redo some of my laminate floor around the edge of the door, the product matches exactly my need and the resolution of the shape is pretty decent!
Drill arrived in excellent condition. Works as it should. Nice that it has two speeds. I am a professional cabinet maker and this really comes in handy from time to time
The product really works for its price. I love it very much!
They are large and very a much a statement piece without being gaudy. I've worn them with dresses and heels and also with shorts. They are very versatile and so light weight.
I had read reviews that these are not accurate. My experience has been very positive and both track correctly.
Pros: - Accurate capacity, it charge my LG v20 about 3.5 times. The quick charge work good on my phone. - Really great finish, you can see in the photo, this producer have take care of the smallest detail. The aluminum cover feel great when holding in your hand. - There is a green light indicate when the input is 3.0 or 2.0, which is quite useful. - Come with a small bag Cons: - It come together with a micro SD cable, which is not really useful because most people who buy this charger use USB type C. I also like to have an USB type C input rather than a Micro SD port so that I won't have to carry 2 cables.
This was a gift so can't answer this question
Great shifter for the price. Replaced the grip shifters I had with these, as I've always liked trigger shifters better.
This bit did exactly what I needed it to do. I've used core bore bits before and while they drill faster it hard to put a hole in a wall 12 feet off the ground with a huge water fed machine. This bit snapped into my Bosch SDS Max hammer drill and put a perfect 2 1/2” hole in a 19” thick solid masonry wall in no time at all!!
These survived a week and half in Iceland. I feel there is rarely a harsher climate you will experience. I didn't once get wet even though I was at times swimming in snow. Went snowmobiling with no issues. Flexibility is great as well.
Talk about luck! This is a fun song with a great lyric. I should be so lucky!
Arrived in the and it's the best flavor Dentyne has to offer. I love the little small containers, it fits perfectly on my side door.
great little add on. the lenses are good for working back stage in the dark without being noticed
Love this book! Towards the middle it Gets slow because for the main character there is no end in sight but the twist at the end makes it worth it!
Love this musical. Amazon is the only place I could find it.
Great saw, it has multiple speed settings and come with a blade, used it a couple of times and the laser printer comes in handy for real. Pretty easy to replace the blade, very intuitive. At this price point, it is such a great buy.
no problems. Prompt delivery. Item as described.
Nicely packed in a box. Color exactly as in picture. Nice and simple. Would buy again.
Doing just fine with it. No complaints. Serves the purpose pretty much just as I thought it would.
Ordered yesterday and arrived this afternoon. Fast delivery and good packaging, Thanks Amazon. The torch works nicely and light up every time. After reading the manual from the seller, One key tip is to turn the gas to max then it will make every lighting effective. I adjusted the flame afterwards to fit my project use. The right economic torch to get my little plumbing job done in a narrow space. Light but solid in hand.
Osprey makes a quality product. This is the second stuff sack that I have purchased and they have performed flawlessly.
Use ALL the time now. Hook on. Carry with you to toilet locks when camping.
Great product, dries hair quickly
I like the versatility of this bottle; the filter is nice to have for "rough" traveling in case I need to fill with water from a stream, or simply to remove the horrible chlorine taste from city water. If I use my own purified water, then I simply take out the filter and use the straw instead. I like the one-handed flip top because it is easy to use in the car when driving. Overall it's a really nice design and BPA free is really important to me.
This is a great torch and so easy to use.Great price for a pair of rechargable torches. Beam is adjustable. There are 2 brightness levels as well as a strobe effect.The flashlight is absolutely brilliant, it's nice and bright and the different functions are good. It lightens up the whole darkness.
Day delivery and exactly as specified.
Arrived quickly. Installs in a jif. So easy.
I was surprised by how decent these face masks were. They have a decent thickness to them and yet are slightly tight, but i do have a large head. Fits right in place. Warm material but not to an excessive level. I like the fact that this masks keeps me warm yet doesn't make me sweat. Eye hole is not too big like some can be to the point of it slipping over your nose. Even though it's ment for a motorcycle, It also is perfect for outdoor work in the cold. Also it came with 2 masks! Really happy with these.
I .haven't watched all episodes of the series yet, but so far the DVDs are performing well, providing funny lines and short extra features on the last disc of each season-at least the first two seasons. The discs are hard to remove from the case, though, and are arranged so that one disc lies under the previous one making access even more difficult. The plastic case does at least provide extra protection from falls, etc
Great size for tacks
Excellent service, thanks for all !!!
Great product, I was anxious to get my hands on a set. I do "Re-purpose" hobby crafts, upholstery, painting and general handy man stuff. An impact wrench is overkill for most of that, but a good drill with a set of relatively inexpensive sockets and a set of impact grade socket adapters and you don't have to be a mechanic to do mechanical and craftsman chores around the shop or house!
Great little pump. Have used it to pump up bike tires and sports balls. Has worked good so far! Easy to use. It's small enough to just put in my car and not take up much room.
This is a long and fun game, with a big focus on Luigi (it came out during the "Year of Luigi" in 2013). The code worked fine - came to my email and I redeemed it in the Nintendo 3DS eShop.
I don't remember giving this to my gf but it's a good album!
these emoji stickers are so cute. best buy
It did help and last long
Christmas gift for grand daughter. She loves them.
I own too many Coast lights to count... or 9, and this is the one to beat them all. Don't get me wrong they are all super bright and have good run times and functionality... but this one is in a league of it's own. Don't let the fact that it's made of plastic sway you. This light is just as tough and durable as any of Coast's other lights, if not even more so than others. It has become my new go-to light. The flood beam will light up an entire camp site and the spot beam will go further than I could ever really need it to. And the three modes are great too. High is almost too bright for indoor use and low gives useable light with an astonishing run time. Cycling through them is easy with the momentary on feature using a half press of the button and easy to lock in with a full press of the button. Focusing is also super quick. About one half of a turn is all that it takes to go from full flood to bullseye spot. What else can I say? I love this light! Try using some nice disposable lithium batteries for even higher performance. I did and there is a noticeable difference over the cheap batteries that came with it.
pants fit was perfect
Mom and Dad happy as could be!
The Downton Abbey story has something for everyone of every age. We loved watching the DVDs.
This was a great app. It helped me to look for scams and helped me to decide on a work at home job.
Quick and exactly what I paid for
This umbrella is beautifully made and I bought it as a recommendation from a friend who has the same one. It's sturdy, it's solid, it's LARGE, it looks amazing.so much better than everything I had before.
This tool does what it says it will and is very easy to use
I've been wanting a little tool kit for work, and this is perfect! The carrying case I'd l keeps the tools secure. There is a special place for each tool, so you can see if one is missing. The magnetic driver is useful for thought spaces.
This model is rather different than most stud finders. To me it is very clearly the go to stud finder I would buy. Although not for someone who is only looking to use a stud finder a few times. At that point you have to weigh our the cost vs. how much it will be used.
Excellent hammock. Easy to set up, strong, with 2 granddaughters climbing all over me. Highly recommend it.
Has good music sound
My mom asked for my help on one puzzle. My husband was drawn in, too. Now I am chasing her up the levels. Nice game, easy to load, jump in easily.
Bought these to replace a watch battery and they did the trick. Now I have them for future jobs that require precision....maybe the wife will use them for grooming.
Seems to do what it says. I add some to my mtb chain before driving out to ride. Chain remains in good condition using it and it doesn't get super gummed up like some I've used in the past. Actually back to order a second bottle. Just make sure not to get lazy with it like I did. Some dropped onto the paint under my chain. I was in a hurry and didn't wipe it off. Well all the spots where I left it ate away the paint. If you are super careful with your bike be aware. My bike has battle scars so I'm not worried, but I figured I'd mention it just in case.
This is an awesome laser and I was surprised how good it is given the low cost. As other describe, it's very bright and I can see it through brush even in fog and bright light conditions. Spent 4 weeks in the woods doing field work carrying it around in my vest while I got snowed and rained on, and it still works great.
Super cute my daughter loved it
My favorite body wash
Highly recommend it.
As described. Good quality for a lanyard.
My daughter was wanting one of these towels for camp this year so I got it for her. She said they dry quick so she wanted it to save space and so she could swim and shower in the same day at camp with the same towel. She used it the day before she left for camp for both and it was FABULOUS! I will edit review when she comes back from camp if there are any issues.
My go to trash bags strong and a little bigger than my trash can helps when the kids overfill.
Great movie and fast shipping I was very impressed.
Love this so much!!!
Fits well and has a bit of a stretch to it. I love the comfortable material and softness. Will buy again!
I bought it for my husband. It's easy and powerful to use when the power is charged. Very suitable for family use.
My daughter loves wearing this.
Wonderful show to binge watch. Easy going and funny.
Fast shipping and I am very happy with the product. The design is unique and accurate. My wife and I tried out this out and compared it to our older model we had since 2018. I bought this because my wife and I are getting older and will need it for camping. I highly recommend it and I hope you do too.
sandpaper worked fine in tough spots to get at
Great old school Green Day.
Best water bottle I've ever used! Sturdy, durable, doesn't leak water, and encourages me to drink throughout the day. I told my gf to get one too but she didn't listen, now she wants to use mine!
Excellent. Works perfectly!
Brilliant movie about bureaucracy run amok. But I have no idea what it has to do with Brazil.
We use this in the pool and it works great the water doesn't come in it does take some getting used too but it's pretty cool.
Very happy with tee shirt. Made a good gift for a grandmother with only one grandchild. She was so excited
Very nice to relax in the pool
Great cook set! Packs tight, lightweight, well-designed, and well-made, perfect for two people!
I had a lot of fun playing
perfect for those early morning walks
Love these . have not used yet but we are about to go to Bahamas so will give another update later on this but cool concept.
good price for the money
These watercolor pens are absolutely amazing! The ink flows so smoothly with very little pressure and at the same time they don't leak and leave blots and dots all over what you're working on like some others I've tried on the past. The colors are super vibrant as well and blend so easily. These are great watercolor pens and work just as well as other brands that cost a lot more. I used them to color on some signs that I was making for my wedding and I got so many compliments!! I'd definitely recommend giving them a try!!
I'm 6'5 and 350lbs and fit perfect in it. It is definitely warm, I ended up unzipping it and used it as a giant blanket most nights.
Excellent product, very satisfied. Works great, lots of nice hose ends to get into wherever you need. Very powerful.
I mounted this on my girlfriend's bike and it holds her iPhone Xr without problem. She does not have the strongest of hands and she has no problem inserting her phone. Easy to mount, easy to use and a reasonable price.
I like this because it sits on our desk which makes it easy to get to.
I ordered these to replace a Makita battery that would no longer charge. These charged quickly. I have not yet used the cordless drill with them (other than to test they worked, which they did). But I was impressed with the quick delivery and the fact that they came with a free pair of work gloves...
Liked the simple pattern. The board is quite high quality, ride smooth. Feels it should last a long time
Bag fit perfectly. Made a difference in picking up cement dust after a waterproofing project. I would definitely buy again. Good price and delivered on time.
Had to buy another because I didn't clip it to my BCD and watched it sink 100+ feet into the abyss during my safety stop. These are good to have on you at all times, never know when or for what purpose it will be handy.
This thing is very warm. It fits tight and the wind will not get thru it. It is full coverage. Not easy to pull down to the neck from over your head.
I get so many compliments on this bag.
My daughter in law loves her Kindle.
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for! Love the colors. The size is perfect, I would definitely recommend!
Great purchase. Gloves fit comfortable and now I can use my phone for quick checks on email/text/calls while I work.
So, for this to be on vinyl is awesome. as for some songs not making the cut!?? I mean you'd have to make it a triple vinyl set....probably not worth it in all cases. If you go that route, mind as well re-release all of the music in one huge box set ….then it's not a G. Hits deal. So, this is a good mix. So, if yer into vinyl these days...get this for the OZZY piece.
I am a commercial floor installer I need the jobs I've been doing it for 15 years half of my guys can't use these they say it's too hard I don't like doing floors about them anymore I bought them many years ago than they were discontinued now they make them again laying any hard surface floor prep glue in there great I've had the $300 Pro knees and I don't like them as much as these I can get around a lot faster require a little bit of skill to master them but they are badass
Arrived on time. Great size the underside allows for my iPhone to be in the OtterBox and still functional. There is enough room also to have a auxiliary battery in the pack below. Happy with the purchase. Seems solid build
Very useful when in a dark environment, which released our hands. Built-in charger and batteries. Lights are adjustable, referencing to images I uploaded.
Perfect size. Have used it a few times for climbing and held perfectly. Good quality
Its fun its free and cool
Easy to carry around, set up and fold up. It takes less than 2 min to set it up. Now i don't need to carry those heavy umbrella and chairs to the beach.
Received it quick. Kit has everything I needed.
Came within minutes, love children's place-and love that I was able to take advantage of a gift card offer by getting one digitally through amazon as getting out of the house is difficult for me as I have 2 disabled children.
This is a great backpack for day-hiking. Have used it on very hot days in Utah/AZ as well as for paddling the Boundary Waters. It holds more than you think. The ventilation is great - very comfortable for hours and miles of full day use.
Great price Works nice no complaints
This thing is Amazing....and the best price I could find for a 55 inch smart tv. Very easy set up....
As expected, fast shipping
Love this water bottle. Perfect for summer . The mist is so fine so ur not splashing urself with a bunch of water just enough to keep u cool. Pregnant momma approves 👍
Wow these turned out to be a great buy.
Shroud works very well and seems to be of good quality for the price. Coupled with a shop vac there is almost no dust. Shop vac filter clogged quickly, so removed filter and ran a shop vac extension hose (also from Amazon) out window and works perfectly.
Fast shipping for saw handle. Perfect fit! Easy saw parts
These brake pads were easy to install and work well.
I have gluten and dairy allergies, and I love these bars. I never have any allergic reaction after eating these bars.
Came as described, works great
Excellent product. Kept my hands very warm while clearing snow from my driveway
It was great. It worked without a messing up once. No problems.
I really like this case. There are a few drawbacks (no, you can't bend it backwards because the spine will break, and no, it doesn't automatically shut off when you close the cover), but overall I really like the look. It's sturdy and solid and wasn't difficult to get my Kindle Paperwhite in at all. I'm very happy with this!
This thing is amazing! Make up comes right off and it gets super clean just washing it with hand soap.
Great bicycle headlights
Great socks for outdoor. It come with 2 rechargeable batteries for each of the sock. Each sock have 3 different setting for the heating. High, medium and low. Very easy to use. Put it on. Plug the battery pack and set the heating. You'll start feeling the heat on your feet. I use it for hunting and camping.
I LOVE THEM. They're perfect so perfect ♥️ Came out works well. Definitely light weight and fairy light approved
Great product. Received it without any issues. Packaging is convenient for easy storage. Material is sturdy and not something that can easily wear out or rip. The Armrest and Pillow are easy to inflate in few minutes by blowing air in as instructed here on the site. Once inflated it is very convenient to sleep on. Deflating is also easy, just need to fold and apply pressure to force the air out once the plugs are unplugged and the air knob is un-tightened.
Made in USA... Exactly what I needed for my sports activities.
Perfect quality my child loves it
I am very happy with having received the bracelet I ordered and even more because the seller had the courtesy to send me a real gift that is more than a pleasure to have made this purchase with you and thank you for attending and resolving everything related to the purchase . I recommend your company favorably
I loved this album. NCT concept is art.
This hand warmer works instantly and seamlessly (as long as you hold the button for 2-3 seconds, which took me embarrassingly long to figure out). I have cold hands and feet already but the approaching winter makes me worry about cold, sore hands. I love that this is so portable and is ideal to carry with me! I will definitely get my use out of this throughout the fall/winter seasons!
Easy setup and easy take down I love that it has a zipper to close off the whole thing so you can Disappear Completely I wouldn't be able to have a three-month-old on the beach without it I love it
Awesome service with a smile as you can see. Hand written note and bonus stickers. Will be buying more. Thank you for your service as well. God bless America
A great light set. Bright and mounts easily.
This is the perfect thing to have , a cordless screwdriver its. the best gift ever . It works perfectly and easy to handle .😁😁😁😁 Love it . Thanks.
Great sound and the noise canceling is always a plus
perfect for holding my wicks in place definitely would recommend and repurchase
Never gets old. Just add a little water and its ready to go again after several months.
I love the stories. This product is beautifully packaged with a cd of the music. Love it!!
I love that they are the perfect fit for my cookie sheets. Quick and easy, cuts prep time.
Haven't used it but good to have just Incase
Very quick delivery.
Has a lot of room for tools!
Very nice, made to last a lifetime.
Husband used it to go hunting he was blown away for how bright comming back he could see cabin from afar
Terri Nunn and original members David Diamond and John Crawford have rejoined for the first time since 1984. They have delivered a strong set of songs that range from electronic to pop, and a little industrial thrown in for good measure. Nunn is in fine voice on this project and as always delivers each song with emotion and conviction. Do yourself a favor and grab a copy of this. It's great to have these guys back together and making great music.
Simple to install and connect to my wireless printer -- good job!
Great product, superior quality. Excellent addition to my toolbox.
They are nicely made and soft. My granddaughter loves them.
I love glass water bottles and this is one of the best. The protective sleeve protects it well.
Traveled from US to France and back with these babies. For those who complain they flavor the water, I after rinsing with soapy water as instructed, I filled them with warm water in the morning and evening for 3 days and had no problem whatsoever. For those who complain they don't stand up - duh. They fit into any space. Love them. Highly recommend.
These work very well. Love the compact size for traveling, purse and backpack. Lathers up great. Very handy for camping.
Great quality. Good battery life. Worked great.
Very lightweight and great sun protection
I learned to use one of these several years back and after leaving the organization where I had one to borrow, I had to get one for myself. Checking derailleur hanger alignment should be routine maintenance as they tend to get a little out of alignment due to getting banged around. Use is simple — put bike in stand, remove derailleur, attach alignment tool, check alignment, fix, remove, replace derailleur. Then go out and enjoy a bike which shifts like new again. Assuming you also maintained cables and shifters.
Smells great and I like the cool tingly feeling after I shave.
Item as described and delivered on time
Wonderful pressing and presentation. It really doesn't get any better. This will be a high priced collectors item very soon. A steal for the price.
Everything you need for phone repairs at a low cost
Enjoy sending a gift that can be exchanged for any merchandise the recipient chooses.
Lightweight, cozy and perfect for middle of the night diaper changes!
This was a much better price than past purchases.
It's an awesome game
Have been using it now for two weeks. Initially planned to use it for 5 or so nights as i moved to a new place and had a gap between my furniture arrives. But now, two weeks later it is still inflated and my toddler baby is using it as her day bed. So it really had a rough treatment. So far it holds up!
Happy with purchase. Thank you.
An outstanding small backpack, loaded with lots of storage. Well made!!!!
Most of the bottles out there have exposed mouthpiece. I love this design where you can cover the mouthpiece and has a lever to turn on & off to drink. Cool design!
very happy with this grinder. knowing I have a quality tool makes me feel good
Extremely well made and very comfortable.. What I like is that I can throw in the washer and it did fine. I air dried it. The rope that it came with was not long enough for our post but it seems to have worked if we would have used it.
Listening to books since I don't see well.
Accurate product and really easy to use. Have used it several times already
Definitely a space saver compared to a full size pillow. Comfy enough and easy to roll up.
Very comfortable and I love that they stay up even in boots. Great product.
Love this movie when it was on the Hallmark Channel had to add it to collection. It's about a writer whose writing about love but knows nothing about love so her editor signs her up for a course on through the Army. She's got learn about teamwork Communications learning to listen and sympathize and empathize there's kind of like a hidden message in the movie.
Another fantastic cd will have you listening to it on loop!!!
I was surprised at how light and compact these poles are. Doing a LOT of touring and using just one of these poles makes the climbing over ancient ruins much easier....possible. I take one pole always in my 10 inch shoulder hiking purse. Could carry both.
Great light weight backpack. Was great for vacation. Lots of room for towels and anything else we needed. Waterproof. Tons of pockets for cell phone and go pro.
very good movie if you have not seen it you should
Very impressive! This kit pretty much covers all your sewing needs.Tons of thread with different colors and everything nicely organized in the case. Very easy to travel with. Very happy with this purchase!
Product as described ! Fast shipping. Im so Glad to do business with you. Congrats !!!
If you're suffering from a TV with one of today's typical tuners that just doesn't have the sensitivity to pull in and hold a weak signal, I would highly recommend this unit. It's easy to hook up and program, and even comes with a record function. It does a great job of pulling in OTA TV channels, eliminating the frequent drop-outs associated with more distant transmitters. The only problem I've seen is that the video brightness is a little low and is not adjustable, although the picture quality is great using HDMI. Most TVs have a manual adjustment that will enable you to compensate for low brightness.
One word, quality. They fit well and are comfortable for shooting.
The lights are great! They were delivered quickly, easy to install and shine light in the night, and the price was great! I would recommend them to anyone.
Very tasty. A bit pricey for the amount but still a noce treat every now and again
Happy with this product. Use it on my granddaughters tablet and have no issues.
Very good fit and quality
Might have been the first horror movie I ever saw, and the style of gore is still hard to stomach decades later, but I love the casting and the interplay between the characters, to say nothing of the story line. It reminds me of Alien, it's just such a visceral, in-your-face story, so far-fetched and yet at the same time so believable I had to add it to my collection. I'm not a huge horror or John Carpenter fan, but in my mind this is one of his best. The transfer to Blu-ray is excellent, and watching it on a big TV it's just like being back in the movie theater all over again.
This light is bright and very good for my closet. I did not want to go through the expensive wiring it and it solve the problem for me.
Great product. Stays light 6 hours or more
Solved my computer problems in less than 5 minutes.
Love this straightener! This is the second one I've purchased. The first one I bought 10 years ago! It lasts forever and does an awesome job. I have super thick hair and use it to straighten and curl!
Great product for the money. Worked as described. Easy to read and back lightning was a plus.
I love everything my grandsons love their new water bottle.
I use this for my 17 oz s'well water bottle and it fits in this perfectly. The strap is adjustable and it makes it easy to bring my water bottle with me. Just ordered two more for my other family members.
I got this for my husband because we needed a portable air compressor for the car. We've used it to fill up our jogging stroller tires, exercise balls, a blow up pool. It's already been extremely useful and it comes with a lot of handy stuff in a carrying case that doesn't take up much more room than a lunchbox.
used it once, worked as expected,
Gave the car an awesome new look!! Love the thread. Fit perfectly in my wife's Veloster!!
These are great. I really like them.
Does what it says, quality manufacture. Nothing more to ask.
Good price, does it's job
Sean Penn's character Sam is limited in what he knows and understands except in his love. I enjoy The Beatles sounds and references like, "It wasn't Yoko's fault. John wanted to try new things.
Works great. Glad we brought it on a vacation with us. Kids don't usually like the pull out beds in hotels but they love this.
Excellent movie! Received quickly.
Wonderful versions of early songs (For.a Dancer) and rarities (The Birds of St. Marks). He is in fine voice and shares several anecdotes which are quite entertaining.
Great app for talking to family. Me and my little sister use it because we both have tablets and she's too young for a phone.
Excellent disc and service
Everything works as expected
Love it! It's great that the mattress has a built in pump as I don't have to worry about one when traveling. Very cushy and would buy it again.
keep hot , hot, keeps cold cold. spill proof. bought 2
Easy to pull-on, comfortable to wear and washes well. I like to wet them and wear them damp while exercising in the sun. They feel cool against the skin.
Great replacement for my main pack.
Great quality socks, soft and supportive. I wear size 6 women's shoes and these still fit my feet perfect. I really like the sock thickness, they are warming without being hot and they also fit in my shoes well - they aren't like some hiking socks where they are so thick they make the shoe feel tight. Perfect for what I wanted.
Certainly had me working up a sweat and feeling the burn! Well worth picking up, imo.
amazing fit so happy with these gloves
This works great, I love it. It's easy to use and hits up in 3 minutes or less.
Just what i am looking for. All as described. Very useful for baby outdoor playing.
Really good quality jacket for the price. Fits me great. Warm.
Never play the first first one but I am gonna buy the first one soon
The large size fit easily on my size 11 trail hiking shoes, and the spikes were awesome for traction. The rubber was pliable for removal after hiking in the snow. Highly recommend.
This was one of the best choices I could have made. It works amazingly in keeping my coffee warm and my other drinks cold.
They are very good gloves.there soft to work with.
If you are a fan of the Murdock Mysteries, you will not be disappointed with these DVD's. We have totally enjoyed them.
I specially use this during the nights while sleeping. The varieties included in this gives me an option to choose from. It is very comfortable regardless of the ear size. I loved it, very good product to remove distraction from the outdoor noises as well.
Loved this product my hair is super thin but after I started using this shampoo my hair didn't break as much and my hair feels softer and fuller then I ever could imagine I love it and can't stop telling others about it
Bought it for my brother and he loves it.
To be honest, I haven't had to repair my bike yet, but that's because I haven't had the tools to do so. This looks like it has everything, from a variety of Allen wrenches to even a small patch for a hole. I didn't give it 5 stars for lightweight though because, while it does come in a convenient carry pouch, the tools are pretty solid, which is good in a tool if you ask me, and so I wouldn't call it "light weight."
I got this on sale for $114 and, for that money, this smooth-riding and feature-filled bike was one of the best deals on Amazon!
THE BEST TV!!! If you're looking for a high quality picture screen, HDR and smart features - AND, all the streaming access we highly recommend you buy a TCL smart TV!! We purchased our first TCL for the living room in a much bigger size and we loved it after enjoying the great features and easy to navigate! We just had to buy another one for our bedroom - replacing our Samsung. We love it! TCL smart TV - A MUST BUY, not joke! Great price too!
charge my LG v35 perfectly, fast charging working.... and it's surprisingly cool during charging...
Very well made. Separate pockets to separate items. My granddaughter loves it!
Great movies.. The second one is okay.. Good enough to buy in a two-pack.
As a fairly proficient home Carpenter and home improvement guy I can't believe I went so long without having one of these. I've used it far more than I ever thought I would and I'm very impressed with the quality both of the product itself and of the joints it creates.
I was a little hesitant to purchase this product based on the mixed reviews but I have to say that I'm more than pleased with the results!
Great! Arrived as promised, looks great and fits like a glove. I have not been disappointed with any product, delivery or received condition of anything I have ordered from or via Amazon!
I use this iron for touching up PLA from my 3D printer, as well as traditional soldering (usually with separate tips). The ability to easily adjust the temperature is the best feature.
The price was really good. It came quickly. My favorite syrup to use as a treat with my ice cream.
Doesn't look like compression stockings. Fit well and feels very comfortable.
I use it for work on the railroad, comes in handy alot!
Very good fitting shirt once you know your size. It has always been hard for me to find a sleeve length that was right for me. 34/35 has always ended up too short after the first wash. Not many manufacturers have exact size sleeves available. Also love the fact they don't use pins in the packaging. Small detail but nice not to deal with the unpacking puzzle.
These countersink bits are a great addition to my wood working tool set. They come in different sizes to suit your application. They have hex shafts so they are easy it interchange in your drill. They countersink just enough to make the heads of the screws flush with the surface. They don't cost you an arm and a leg either. I highly recommend them.
Had the TV for about a month and overall I'm very satisfied. We just use it with Comcast and our Roku, with an external sound bar (def recommended), so am limiting to saying that the picture quality is great, it has great colors, and we're very happy with it. I saw it next to the 850 in Best Buy and part of me wonders if it was worth the extra couple hundred. I'll probably say yes given that we'll have it for a while and the extra quality will be worth it once better quality content is more widely available. There are apparently some settings that others recommend vs out of the box configs. I'm going to look into some of that but feel no rush as the quality is good so far.
It's steel, it's small, and it has all the measurements. Not much you can screw up here. 5 stars!!!!
Used on air compressor and various tools.
I ordered this for my husband and he loved it! Very sturdy and perfect.
Beach Boys at their FINEST!
The product worked as advertised, to everyone having problems with this buy, computers may not be for you haha
This is a well designed tent. Easy to assemble and very roomy, exactly as advertised and for a great price!
Being British and living in the US I find Acorn TV essential viewing, but also if you enjoy well made programming Acorn TV is certainly worth the reasonable monthly cost
Like other GO games, this one is just as fun too!
Acutally got the full brim model not the cap style. Gloss is better looking than the matte finish one. Great suspension and ratchet.
Better than expected. Drill bits are tough, durable and very well made from what I have seen through my usage so far.
Love these markers. A few of the colors are quite similar, but they are great opaque, sparkly long lasting.
Good rivet gun. I could be a changeling to get in to the tight spots but does the job and does it good. Also the container is proven to be useless, pins are cumming out of it and wont stay inside.
This DVD Player works very well. I use it at work to show clients informational videos required by my employer. Unfortunately, my employer wanted me to tie up my desk computer for this purpose. Gotta do what ya gotta do.
ITS COMPACT, STURDY AND ACCURATE! WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT!
Fits my tablet very well.
Works just as intended!
Got what I paid for. Came fast and I'm happy. No complaints.
Used it as soon as I got it, very comfortable
Best product I have! Very gentle and comfortable, even I think my becoming more crystal. Different pressures adapt to different ways , easy clean and super long lasting
I HAVE USED THIS H & R BLOCH BASIC FOR YEARS!!! MAKES LIFE SO MUCH EASIER AND EASY TO GET FROM AMAZON.COM!!!
The earlier seasons are fine, but the characters were not fully developed as yet. The later episodes are fine too, but I like seasons 3 and 4 the most, as it seems to me, that Tom and Magnum both were showing their best!
My favorite album by this group.
These are becoming tough to find, so pick them up while you can. Upon purchasing these pliers in December, 2018 I was delighted to see that these were still made in the U.S.A by Western Forge (as noted by WF etched near the rivets). The package came with a piece of paper verifying the craftsman lifetime warranty. I found these to be high quality and well finished. No complaints whatsoever. My dad has a similar set from the 1980s. Still going strong!
The security of patio doors which I was worried about seems like this solves the problem to it. The good thing about this device is you can remotely control it through your mobile get to know the updates. Value for money
I always enjoy a little Bean...
But sometimes the movie freezes up
I bought this device to clean my glasses and my wife's jewelry, which is very convenient and can easily clean the gaps in things.
I love the choice of songs on this album and Susan Boyle does not disappoint. She has a beautiful voice. Very happy I purchased it to add to my collection.
Worked as described.
Works perfect... total deal. Perfect for most scooters and half the price of what you'd pay at a shop . I've ordered 5 of these so far am not disappointed
This is a wonderful movie! It is in my top 5 of all time. It is very much worth your time to watch. It will move you.
This is a good-looking, classic design that holds up well.
I got this for my sons because they are into the whole outdoors thing, we enjoy using it together! Its very durable and every thing is easy to use
Altho I don't have grandchildren I bought them for myself to frame & hang in my sewing/craft room. I love them!
Was really surprised at the quality and fit for the price. Very comfortable.
great buy to replace old vhs collection
Sets up quickly and is layed out well and easy to stow look forward to many more trips
These did really well. Held my frame together just fine
I love this game! It is the best bingo game around.
Gloves fit well, finger tips work well on my phone and tablet, gloves are also warm enough for my daily defrosting of my car and trip to work.
It does work ! I was shocked. I thought, wow, I just threw away my money, but it really does what it says. The under eye bags where gone within minutes. I took pictures, I asked my family, and yes the bags were gone. Best money spent ever !
Very nice does not dry my wifes hair out
Very useful tool to measure dampness
This is the best game ever
It's lit. Cool game and mildly challenging. The sound effects are hilarious!
Great tool. I use it in my teaching maintenance technicians.
Love this water it taste so good you will love it, now that I drink a lot of water I stopped having awful headaches I would get once a week
GOOD STUFF GOOD SERVICE
Good chair for my pool needs. Cup holder is shallow but fits my 32oz stainless steel tumbler with ease and no tipping issues. Wish the armrests were a little wider. They do get hot in sun and the blue silicone material on the arm rest gets a little sticky with spray sunblock on your hands. Wipes down easily though. Overall, the chair is sturdy and comfy for the several hours sitting in it pool side. It's lightweight to travel with. Nice vibrant colors. I would recommend it.
Love the dim / red light to protect vision and circadian rhythm. We have had if for over a year and still going strong.
Perfect for beach or playing at home.
The cologne smells fabulous and made a wonderful Christmas present!
It was as described in info. Nice quality at a great price
Really nice cover, excellent quality. This was a real bargain!
Provides personal shade wherever you go; no more checking out the shady spot at the pool--I can have my own :) Easy to use and light to carry :)
These things are amazing and perfect for my work out and for everyday use while running errands!!!
Too expensive but I made that choice when I purchased these..they fit great and work well and are sturdy and good quality..
Added to the side of my kayak so I could carry it easier . Worked great !
best purchase I've made in a while!
This was easy to put on my ring. My ring now fits perfect. Would buy again
Third time through this book and it's still awesome.
cant wait tell next year ac dc
Durable. Kids have dropped it and it didn't damage in any way. Great for younger kids. The selections of games are perfect for the younger age.
Best bang for the buck on LED outdoor lighting. The light is very bright and a miser when it comes to energy consumption. I have 6 at my ranch and they were perfect,
This bag is a beast, but it delivers. Next model up from one a coworker bought, so I knew what I was getting. Lots of pouches for lots of storage. Needs breaking in and softening of the cloth to allow for some of the pouches to carry more than thin sheets of paper and such. A good tool bag.
grandson is collecting his favorite movies. He was very happy with this gift
I got this for my niece to put in her vehicle and/or her tackle box for when she goes fishing. she loves it
I like the price and the shipping.
I absolutely LOVE using amazon photo app to print my photos. It is so easy and cheap. Way better than printing at a local store or Shutterfly.
Just as good as rest!
Very comfortable, good tread and so far after almost a year they are still holding up well.
I love knowing I drank my gallon of water a day! The attached cap helps with it not getting LOST.
light product, leaves skin dry and soft
I really like this broth. I like the turkey taste. I used this to make chicken noodle soup with a twist. I will buy this again.
Great for storing my electronic instruments, probes and computer tools.
The measurement tool is amazing. Used it to measure the whole house for flooring estimates. High quality
My daughter loves her new bag.
great movie fast shipping
Super fast shipping and warm very happy with my purchase!!
This movie would cost at least $10 more in the stores .
You definitely get what you pay for. This is a little pricy and worth every dollar. Makes all the difference in styling. My hair. Love it!
Bought my first pair (Green) months prior. They work great so bought a second pair (pink) for the wife when we go out shooting.
Wonderful narration by Shelby Foote.
Used these with the OPI color Slate and it's been on for 3 weeks now and still looks great.
Movie works great and is a favorite!
This buff can be worn several different ways to keep you comfortable in the mountains depending on how cold it is. It's protected me from frostbite many times I've taken it off a couple times to make adjustments and it was so cold and windy it shocked me how big a difference a thin piece of fabric can make on my face and ears. The fit is good so it stays where you need it and I'm not constantly fixing it. Vents pretty good also only seems to freeze right near my mouth in extreme cold temps. Weight is very light and it's an easy item to take in a pocket or on neck or throw it a pack...
Wanted to buy a lantern to ensure I enjoy hiking and camping the last few summer days. Received this product as a tester and first thing I noticed was how light weight it is. Even though I was skeptical about the brightness of the light, I was surprised how bright it can be. Interestingly enough it has variations of light colors and pulsating light in times of trouble. Like the product. Thumbs up for this!!
This is a very good series, it tells a very good story and is friendly for all ages. Well... with a little gore and violence anyways.
If your a JAWS fan this blu-ray is a must have. Some scenes feel like you are there the transfer is that great.
This game is de best plus you should add the pets by the way do you know de way
These taste like just like thin mints and you don't even have to mug a Girl Scout to get them!
Pretty good camp shower bag. It does hold 5 gallons, and it takes about 2 hrs of it to get warm. It's pretty easy to use. I also use it to clean my camp dishes. It's pretty easy for both. As for durability, I've only used it for 2 occasions several times so but seems to hold on to it's shape.
great product. I plan to order more. nice ergonomic handles.
My son likes his game !
I love these hammock straps! They work perfect and they're super easy to use. I would definitely suggest these to a friend.
What can I say I love the show and watching the ladies grow into the best that they can be rue is the teacher and the one that will never let them quit if I was younger I would love to be dragged up!!!
Best sander ever ,every man should have one of those in his house.
Works as it should. Just does not have a charge indicator so you don't know what life is left. But for the money, can't beat it.
Exactly as expected. Thank you!
it was good. my fave movie and book of all time.
As always this is an amazing quality product all zippo brand items are very happy
Ease of ordering and the price was lower that I expected. Thank you!
I like it works good
If you want that razor edge this is the stuff .
Arrived on time in the factory seal case with security strip on top. The disc had no scratches and works great.
This is a great way to purchase a gift certificate - at the last minute!
Worth paying a little more, this battery last a lot longer.
I've used this product before in a coarse grit. The Powertec 12" 100 Grit works as it should and it lasts just as long as you use it without burning the wood into the disc. I always clean the disk with an abrasive cleaner which looks like a huge art gum eraser and try not to leave the wood too long in the same place so it burns. I honesty wish a slow turning wheel at a reasonable price was available. The Powertec disk is a good product.
This game is frustratingly enjoyable. I love the animation and brightness of it. Challenging.
Love this movie. Life is to short not to take chances!
Smells just like fresh laundry.
Love Glade trash bags!! They stretch so perfect when my 11yr old try's to cram everything in the trash can.
I've used once for a spring ski trip. T-shirt weather but the vents kept me cool. Didnt fall off when I hit an ice patch and ate it. Looks good too.
No problem with refurbished Echo. Works as well as the brand new one I bought a few weeks back. Really like the white color.
Worked with my iPad and iPhones without a hitch. Well worth the purchase.
Bought this for a friend. It was authentic Crabtree & Evelyn product nicely packaged and delivered quickly.
Heavy duty sockets. These will probably last a lifetime. I use it with an air gun so it stands up to a lot of pressure. Plenty of sizes. Very happy with my purchase
nice addition to the band saw fence
Exactly as described, good product, prompt shipping.
The glove fits perfectly and they are non slip. Definitely feels like I can lift more weights with this than bare handed.
I am an outdoors person, with my son who is 3 loves to be outside and in the pool. We love the beach but hate the sand lol I was looking for a towel that didn't collect all the sand. I came across this beach blanket, nice durable material, thinner than I expected but it's awesome. No sand sticks to it, you can flick it off and it's nice and clean again. I use it for us to all sit on and my pups are all over it and no mess is left on it.
I can now easily locate my Fire TV remote---I can not understand why manufacturers do not make the remotes in "trade mark" colors..after all, they are only plastic...how about flame red for the Amazon Fire remotes??
Surprised my hubby with it and he's loves it! Thank you for a beautiful piece !
As expected the DVD was new and worked well
Love this color for three season wear. I am ash blond so the color goes with my skin. If you tend to toward the bluer shades, this will work for you. Tough to find in stores. Thank you Amazon.
Was just as describe
Great for getting Hearthstone packs, only game I spend money on to stay with the meta
Used this backpack for the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu, and it worked great!! Love that it's foldable, roomy, got pockets on the side, and comfortable. One good thing is it saved my back from getting sunburnt since I didn't think to use sunscreen.
Looks good and works as advertised
A few were damaged but overall I am pleased
Very nice knife. Heavy for it's size but feels lke quality in the hand. The only flaw in the finish of the knife is that the stainless liners under the wood scales are unfinished and very sharp. Otherwise it is a classic lifetime knife to be enjoyed and passed on to the next generation. Get one.
Fantastically built.
Good size for my 4yr old. Very light and easy to assemble
Love it. Cooled down quick. Stuff even frozen on top shelf. Holds a lot of stuff. Worth every penny.
I like that the display case is also metal and not plastic like most other calipers. Buttons are solid. Sleek look and repeats every time. Definitely worth it for the price.
StriVectin is the BEST skincare product, hands down!
Easy to apply and came quickly.
While I have not had the chance to test the product out it shipped and arrived in good condition. Everything seems to be in order.
Great flashlight at a great price!
Gift for son for worm saw he love's them work as it should
I'm super prone to getting split ends due to excessive heating and styling. This products has been AMAZING on my hair. My hair is healthy and shiny and split ends are almost completely gone! I don't know why this isn't just a solid 5, maybe products just work differently and vary by person.
replaced old cassette =)
This is TV is cheap and the quality is amazing. This is so light, at 30lbs. You won't need a second person to help you lift this. The remote is small and simple to use.
I've been going to high intensity boot camp style classes for a year. I've been able to increase my weight, but I was having issue with my grip strength with the heavier weights. I bought these and use them every night while I'm watching tv. I'm not having the trouble gripping the heavy weights like I was before. I really like that you can adjust the resistance on these as well. I would highly recommend this product to anyone.
I use it for model building to soften resin or plastic parts to make them more pliable for customizing, and also for starting my grill. It will get natural charcoal blazing in a couple minutes.
Bought for my two year old grandson that cried every time is sister took off on her bike. He loves it.
Product was as advertised and I got fast service..
Brain teaser with a flare.
These JC steel books are awesome
We bought this for our son for Christmas and the charger cord and manual were missing. I contacted the manufacture and recieved one email with none to follow. Very disappointing. Jim made this situation more right! Thank you very much my son loves his hover board!
Wide variety is topics about relevant issues such as marriage, addictions, kids, and other teachings.
This is another cd I love
As always a flawless tool from a great American manufacturer.
This is the best water bottle EVER!
I've had the same cover for my Kindle since I got it as a gift several years ago, but the cover finally started falling apart. I love the new one! It automatically turns the Kindle on when I open it and off when I close it. The feel is very nice, and the design makes me smile. Of course, the inexpensive price point is just an added bonus. I highly recommend this brand.
This was alot larger tan i expected but its a good item
It looks pretty small, but it has descent sound amd quality. Do not expect it to be a 300$ Milwaukee stereo, becuase it is not. But it does work well for what i wanted it for.
Can't beat Dawn for it's powerful de-greaser and cleaner. This is a super deal -- as you know, Dawn is expensive in regular stores. On Amazon, it's cheaper. I love Dawn.
This is one of my must have products! It's very easy to use, quite effective and great for even very sensitive skin. Highly recommended!
Very fine recording of this classic show. Very good work by the orchestra
Everything a grandma need at a great price and easy storage.
Love listening to his music. It's a step up almost to Opera.
Great watch. Virtually indestructible. Looks cool too!
In my opinion the best knife I've ever bought for the money!! I've have a bunch of them and give them to family and friends.
This is the first paracord bracelet that I've purchased and it didn't disappoint. First, I love the look. It has the nice & unique logo of Savior Survival Gear. It's a nice wide bracelet and made with quality paracord and has an actual metal clasp that has a screw in bolt for secure closure. Also, the clasp itself has three different positions that the bolt can go through to help adjust the size. All in all it is well made and a hefty piece that should last and would definitely come in handy if ever needed in an emergency situation.
This game is so fun it is better than Minecraft
In a sea of steel air coupler kits, nice to find brass, moreover in a likely-to-use assortment with lots of males. Few hoses, many tools, not one hose per tool. Kit makes sense as if decided by a mechanic vs. a MBA.
I'm satisfied with my
Wow! Great songs. Steve Perry delivers another great album!
Was easy to use and easy to take pictures with. Like the laynard that adjust for extra protection
Received quickly no problems Excellent condition
This prequel (all three) was done perfectly. I just recently treated myself to a weekend visit to Middle Earth again. I am still hearing the beautiful music and seeing the gorgeous scenic views of New Zealand in my mind as I see good overcome evil again and again.
Gotta admit, wasn't too sure about these little lanterns. But for the price, I thought I'd give them a try. For the money, you can't go wrong. They are bright and seem pretty rugged. I like that you can adjust the amount of light. All in all, well worth it. Buying more because I have an outdoor family get together coming up and I can see mine disappearing.
Simply put , don't waste your money
My grandson likes to read in bed. He will enjoy this so much...
This saw is fantastic. Takes a licking and keeps on working
This is one of the best sippy cups we've tried and we've tried tons! It truly is leak proof as long as it is put together correctly. Our 18 month old loves the dinosaurs on it and it's easy for him to drink out of it.
Love it, great addition to my desk.
This product works as stated.
This is such a deal for 12 bucks. Much more practical (and dorky) than holding a flash light. Light is sufficiently bright and you can adjust the angle accordingly.
Correct as described.
Worked great for a dry bag for paddleboarding. It had plenty of room and easy support for walking around with. A must have for water activities!
Seems to be of good quality.
I had a Moto G4 plus and checked out the specs on the G5 plus. The 2.0 ghz was a real improvement. I went with the 64gb and 4gb ram plus the 128gb micro sd. The octa core configuration makes this phone a real power miser. When traveling I preload my entertainment on the phone (60 hours worth using up 60gb on the chip). Not using wifi helps with security. I went from 16 to 12gb on the camera, but the programing and focus seems to be better. Low light is excellent. The battery is a permanent. On fast charge there does not seem to be a lot of heat.
Loved it, loved it, loved it!
Really like this new app. I have played Pirate drop quite a bit and like it but this is even more entertaining. Keep up the great work
So adorable and dainty. Just what I was looking for. ❤❤
Item was as described and was shipped promptly.
Great buy the drill bits won't last but everything else will.
Great tool works very well but just a little heavy
Much better suction than my larger shoo vac.
Whether you choose which color, it's unlikely that you'll ever get your balaclava confused with a friend's
HUGE canopy!! This is probably the best hammock I have bought.... I am a 320 pounder and this holds me and there's room to spare. :)
Imagine Dragons got it going on!
This is so beautiful. I love everything about ignorance. Looking forward to using it on the big day.
Wish I had the option for wider feet for the chair so I dont sink into the sand at the beach. Otherwise this is the best compact chair ever
Much cheaper here than at the drug store.
Very compact and easy to assemble. Its small but perfect size to carry in our hiking pack.
I like that's it's lite but very durable.
I bought this before our vacation and was glad I did. Came with a bag for easy storage and transport. The foldable tube is a great feature. Other masks detach and has the chance to get lost but this one is connected to the mask itself. Action cameras are easy to attach and does not block your view. The mask does not fog. It takes a little getting to in order to breathe but it gets easier with use. This is a nice product if you're tired of breathing to your mouth while snorkeling.
Purchased this case and was pleasantly surprised with strength of the magnets holding the flap/cover in place. There is definitely an orientation that works better. When done so the felt side is outward - the magnet hold is strong. When the glossy side is outward - the magnetic hold is less strong. I think this has to do with the nature of the open end being folded inward vs outward with the latter.
I have love campbell's soups for years
It was a gift for a young lady being harassed by a former boyfriend. She's petite and can't carry where she works. The pen goes well with her martial arts training. She loves it
Good product for good price
I actually got these rain ponchos to use on my boat for when it rains, but when I got them home and saw the quality of the material, I am know keeping them available so I can take them to events for bad weather. Worth the price!!
This stove is just like the one we used when I was a kid. It's still made in the US, well built and should last for decades. There's a bit of a learning curve for the operation of the stove with the pumping of the fuel tank, but follow the instructions and it's very simple. I love this stove.
It is what I ordered. Thanks again.
This vacuum is perfect for cleaning vehicles and cleaning my garage floor. It is powerful, but not too powerful that you will unintentionally suck things up and light enough that it is not a pain to drag around. The caring handle makes it very easy to transport to places like the basement. There is also plenty of spots to store the attachments that are included so you don't loose them all. I have only tried the regular shop vac like filter so far but will be trying the paper bag when I vacuum my basement floor.
Easy to assemble out of the box without instruction. Fits together snugly and disassembles easily even after use. The mesh bag for storage is heavier gauge cordage than you'd expect and it's roughly the size of a small camp cooking kit with room to fit fire starter and lighter in there as well. To light I used one cotton ball and small twigs, piled on larger ones. Started easily and, even with damp wood it worked well with a minimum of smoke. I tested it with a standard size camp coffee pot about two thirds full. It took awhile to get the rolling boil, expected given the amount of water, and probably about the same as a gas stove. Once a rolling boil was achieved it was easy to maintain feeding a few occasional sticks. Letting the flame burn down to the coals produced a simmer. No mistake, you do have to feed it frequently, about every two or three minutes but easy to do with the opening for that. The flame was similar to a gas stove once the flame was established. A little less uniform than a stove but controlled. Once the fire is out it cools fairly quickly and leaves only a fine cool ash that is easy to disperse in the woods. At a bit over a pound I wouldn't take it back packing but it has a place on every canoe or car camping trip. It's sturdy enough for cast iron on flat, solid ground. The base is broad but there are no stabilizing legs on the bottom to further guard against tipping. A few rocks around it would do well as long as it doesn't block the air flow from the base. All around highest ratings.
Love this sweatshirt. Just wish it had more colours to choose from. You can layer shirts under it as it is roomy and washes great
One of the beat I ever own
They are awesome socks!
I have had purchased other B&D 20v tools in the past few months and this one was as easy as the other ones to setup and operate. Installing the blade is simple and secures it the way it is engineered. Safety for the variable cutting trigger and I had a job done quickly in cutting off old branches from a dead bush. Easy and clean and put it in storage until next time I need it. Great little saw.
Seat platform could be a little bigger. Very compact easy to carry. Wish had a clip to hold closed when carrying. Very light weight.
This is a great bike at all for the price.
Love this product! Works exatly as described! My hair feels so much softer and healthier!
It took a little getting use to a balm but now, its all I will use. My glasses dont fog at all and they are very clean. I have Tom Ford glasses I paid lots for so I was nervous using this but it works really well. i wont use any other product moving forward
This battery seems noticeably more powerful than the old OE. Of course, the OE was at least 10 years old, but off to a good start. Time will tell if it lasts...
Fantastic for trips! Portable and lightweight!
I bought a case. Use a lot for break work.
These came in a well fitting box and worked just as advertised. Really pretty colors!
Worked great for my older heavy aluminum extension ladder. I'm sure cheaper versions are out there, but I doubt they could've lifted and supported my ladder. Considering another for my shop.
Comes in handy for my many uses. Fairly small and slim.
Why this is not installed on all new IGLOO coolers baffles me. Easy to install and a heck of a lot better than the original installed on a new cooler
This backpack is being used by my son for Scout camping trips, and has really enjoyed it. The only thing that he would change is to enlarge the sleeping bag compartment at the bottom of the pack. Keep up the great work.
Problem with 1st unit. Fast easy return. Bought a 2nd and these people were great to work with. Love unit.
Sorry for the delay in writing a review on this product. This is an amazingly stylish pen that writes smoothly. You won't go wrong purchasing this pen.
Portable DVD player has excellent quality, & user friendly. It's great to have a device that is portable & also be able to connect to a TV. Was purchased for Christmas for 10 yr old daughter. She loves it & the blue color was a hit!
good quality, all components are strong durable. Will be very good for camping.
Great product at a good price. Very comfortable fitting and soft. Great for my chilly morning walks.
Product is great love it
Great tool!, heavy, super accurate!
These are just like the origional Sonic-Crafter blades. Don't settle for anything else!
The cover fits really good, easy to install.
I bought several rechargable flashlights, I like this one the best. Comes with chargers and different battery options.
Excellent phone I've had it for a little while now and have had absolutely no issues the screen is excellent the software is solid and snappy camera takes pretty good photos for the money it is an excellent phone
Fantastic box set, and the tons of bonus tracks are GREAT!!
I'm so happy with this product. It's pretty much 1 device checking every aspect of the soil condition including moisture, alkaline vs acid, and light. It's very easy to use too! I am expecting a better harvest this year and am going to tell my gardening friends about it.
Amazing product to help with a job not much of us like to do. Makes busting pallets quick and easy. Seller was a breeze to work with.
Made great stocking stuffers!!
These screen protectors work well. They were the correct size and easy to install
The things I liked most about this product are the attractiveness of it and it's light weight. There are no downsides that I can see.
I really like the scooter! I bought it for my 12 year old daughter has never written a scooter before. I like that it's bigger and heavier weight and has beefier tires. It gives her more stability especially because the board on a lot of scooters is very narrow and she has big feet. It's a lot of fun and her and my younger son were able to ride their scooters around together. A wonderful summer routine.
As described and serves it's purpose very well.
I receive my dvd's today an as always on time an thanks again
Love the color choices. But more importantly, the case is secure so the tips don't slip out and poke you or put holes in your clothes.
A favorite for 40 years, so very very happy to see this in Bluray format...FINALLY!!!! My personal favorite is the first on the list, a writer of horror whose on-page creation comes to life, but others have different opinions. The audio commentary is very worth the time.
I gave this a try up to the time I had to return it. Just did not work for me and takes too long to shave. On typically shave first with an electric shaver before using a blade. If I don't the blade just destroys my face as I have very sensitive skin. This also allows me to use a blade for approximately three weeks versus three days. Felt my old reliable Gillette was my best choice for me. Very nice solid razor though.
Wiha tools are top quality. The satin tips help prevent slippage. I do a lot of PC and laptop repair and my Wiha tools are my favorites.
I was waiting for this product very eagerly. They are very soft and fit really well. The cloth is really warm and very gentle against the skin. Frankly i didnt expect that it would keep my hands warm despite being so thin. Great value for the price. Winter is Coming! go get your pair!
This flashlight is amazing!!! It's everything I thought and more. Hands down one of the best flashlights on the market. I also recommend purchasing the flute carrying case. Just receive my and makes things a lot better carrying. Everything is on my waist belt and all tools for self defense are close by.
beautiful scenery and appreciated learning more about parks. I love the challenges.
I have only had these for a short time on my boat trailer. Compared to the goodyear marathon i was using i will continue to buy maxxis.
I'm extremely allergic to pollen so I wear this in the spring along with googles. I get weird looks but I was tired of suffering.
This projector is amazing! I use it for my bedroom T.V. watching. The quality of it is excellent. Very easy to use, not too noisy. Overall, it is definitely worth buying.
My 2 and 4 year olds love their scooters, especially the sitting or standing option. I love that it folds.
I love the crazy design and the bright colors. The best thing is the compression is just right. I can wear them daily and even sleep in them. They make my legs feel so much better.
Great electric bike. Assembly was particularly easy, I bought this bike with the intention of using it mainly on going to work. The company is only 9 kilometers away from my home. I am riding electric bicycle to work every day except rain. So far, the bicycle is running very well, there is no problem, I love it too much. With this electric bicycle, I have more time to make up every morning.
The best for degreasing parts. Everything looks new.
works like it should
Strong durable material. There's nothing like relaxing up in the mountains with pine trees all around you and the stars in the sky. It can't get better than that.
Fast delivery. Excellent quality.
I liked it because I found out what I wanted to know. Check on an actor
Good lead free solder at decent price. I will be back for more.
Based on the Amazon reviews, I ordered an X-Large instead of my usual Large. XL fit me perfectly. Thank you to all those who posted a review recommending the next size up. After washing and machine drying, I find it benefits from a light ironing with a little steam. It's a beautiful shirt that gets many compliments. :)
Super bright. And battery lasts a long time.
It's a tire. It keeps air inside until it has a hole, then it doesn't.
This has to be one of the classics. It is hard not to sit and watch
I like how these are flexible and affordable. Would recommend.
Perfect for my projects!
MY 3 year old loves this game!
Because it's mineral, it's safe for my sensitive skin, and easy to apply without getting on my hands. I love that it is safe for my kids too, I also use other Supergoop sunscreen lotions, and have for a couple years.
Boought for my children as gift and they love the fitness trackers, neighbor kids seem like these tracker,too.Mrs. Green asked me where bought these watch.
Marcel handle is mostly used by hair stylists. It can be difficult if you are not used to it. I love the fact that I can create movement without getting the hard line caused by clamp handles.
A complete range of sizes with none missing. And hte flexible gear head makes life so much easier and quicker.
good quality and inexpensive
Great product at good price.
I used this product to remotely provide power to a camera. Worked as advertised but I suggest the average buyer pay very close attention to the directions to connect the cord.
Kept my food and drinks cold for 2 days with a single small ice pack while in a car with the windows rolled up on two hot days. Definitely a good work lunch box but it's better off staying in your vehicle as it is a little on the large size to be walking around with it.
So far so good. Daughter used it for her bad back and seemed to work well. Very firm
Haven't used yet in water but it fits great. Easy to adjust and doesn't push to hard on the noes or around the eyes.
Watch it to stay up on games and learn game things.
This is my second. Got it for my boy and love the brightness. Installing the battery is easy as well. Used for cold camping trip and the light and battery holds up well. Easy to dim the brightness as well to conserve battery.
It's Scotch magic tape...what's not to love? Buy it. Keep a roll in every drawer. Try not to run out.
Great to use when your doorbell is not right next to your door. Keeps the look of the ring doorbell and seems to be sturdy. Three different angles gives you options.
Answers the questions about what happened before STAR WARS started.
I used this lights to string around some trees in my backyard. They look great and work great. Just what I expected. I might order more--makes the yard festive and fun.
For the average person who replaces the batteries or does other work on their own watches, it is great. Has everything you need to do these minor repairs/replacements.
Package co rained everything I needed for a small compressor. Tape, fittings (male and female) hose etc. I would purchase again.
Great cast iron grill top. It does have non-stick clear coating which is great for clean up. We initially bought one and really liked it so we have bought a second. We have cooked pancakes, bacon, steaks, and even onions on it. Would be nice to have something to carry the grill tops in when not using.
This case is very nice the foam is cut to fit my Fluke meter & the hard case protects it from drops/ damage. I'm very satisfied with the case & I would highly recommend it!! Save some money & buy this case!
Exactly as described
I LOVE this movie! Bought it for a friend as a birthday gift.
The rain cover had a mistake in the stitching. I contacted the manufacturer and they sent me a new rain fly very quickly.
I was not familiar with this product when I ordered it. I hoped I could find a great value, but also a good tissue. Well, I did find an excellent tissue with a great price. The tissue has good strength to it and the lotion is beneficial but not overwhelming to the user. I am so pleased, with the constant need in my house, this product is a must have.
Like the way valve stem gets locked in place .
Love how spacious this lunch box is, and that it has a front compartment as well as the sides! I also love that it came with two of its own ice packs! Great quality material, very durable and holds in temperature for a long time. Love it!
I liked this movie a lot
Just what I wanted. Fast delivery. Would do business with this seller again.
I used their service for a pre-move out cleaning and it was great. Saved me a ton of time getting our house ready to sell. Can't beat the service for the price. Highly recommended
Granddaughter loves playing this game. Shes 8.
Loved it. Quick shipping and exactly what I was looking for.
We took these with us for hiking in the UK and found they worked very well, especially as they fold up to fit into smaller luggage (or one's backpack). The height is adjustable, and the joints, once tightened, worked fine. My only regret is that the straps are narrow and abrasive!
Its the first time I've ever tried a hoverboard though I wanted to have one quite a long time ago. This hoverboard is budget-saving and yet is powerful enough to provide good support - I am 167 lbs woman. I made the purchase mainly to help me train my balance and The results turn out great - i can better manage to spin or move back and forth.The hoverboard has LED light strips and they illuminate whenever it is on the go. To me, the manipulation is quite easy since it only has one button and the battery life is suffice. This is great!
Cute helmet. Fits my 2 year old with a bigger head very well. Comes with pads inside so it's super comfy. Strap adjusts well.
love the move it very good
I have been coloring my hair purple for more than 2 years. I color about every 6-8 weeks but color isn't staying in my hair as long as it use to due to a lot of gray hair, lol. This is helping my purple stay bright and fresh looking. I do use conditioner after shampooing to prevent tangles since I have baby fine, thin hair. Even after going on a cruise and my hair being subjected to salt water and chlorine, the color has stayed fresh with this.
Fun game so far. Like someone else said it is a relaxing game. I kinda like the little puzzles in between the games.
Package arrived on time and it's just right! Worth ordering!
Tried this from Birchbox and looooved it. Amazon had the right price, though! Seriously haven't found another dry shampoo that soaks oil up as well as Amika.
These hiking poles were fantastic. Our 1st time to use poles and these were easy to operate plus made a 6 hr treck on steep terrain much easier up and down. We were not sore and stiff the next day as we had feared. The poles were the only factor that could have made that possible.
Reviews for this product were honest . I did shop around first.
I bought this to replace a traditional black rubber mallet. I like it.
I like everything about this backpack, as I purchased it to take with me on vacation to Jamaica. In short, this pack had plenty of space to store all of my accessories as I traveled the island. Additionally, the water cover came in handy when the rain came down. I also took the pack with me to a convention recently and it held up well. I recommend this product to anyone in need of something light, yet durable.
We just got this for our new home and it is great!!!! My garage is so organized - will buy another one
I read at least one book a day. So this allows me to read as many as I want a month with a minimal fee. I love the wide selection of books available.
I can compare to other companies, these pants are excellent, keep you warm relatively, keep you cool and protect from the sun. Dry fast after a swim. Only thing to I wished they had is dedicated pocket for smart phone, one that would be handy, and be in a place that does not bother when you walk.
Was as expected, kids love it
I won't have to replace my lantern glass again any time soon.
Great product, wish it was a bit larger, but great for the price!
Bought just for a Christmas theme party and ended up loving it! They sleep cool and fabric is soft. I also like the fit. I recommend!
Heavy high quality glass. Engraving is perfect, and we so much like the Game of Thrones theme. Extremely well packed, lots of bubble wrap, very much in contrast to some coffee mugs be tried to buy that arrived broken twice. Highly recommend and I should know, after all I know things!!
Perfect for grand daughter. She purchased something for her camera.
Works great with really small drill bits.
I use them with my kreg t-track. Nice.
This film is a forgotten classic, better than his more celebrated works.
Minus half a star because they run a bit large. I ordered a 9, felt more like a 9.5. It's only half a star because they work quite well if you double up on socks, which, in the colder waters of the PNW rivers in December, is a requirement. I wouldn't want to wear these on an approach hike, but they're lightweight and easily packable. No issues with traction so far, but the option to have studs would be quite nice. For the price tag, no regrets, and I'm going to recommend these to my buddies for cheap truck waders.
These are amazing! They fit perfectly and the pockets are big enough to hold my Pixel 3XL in it's giant case plus extra stuff and still not fall off. I recommend these for any woman who is looking for some yoga shorts that are durable.
My hair is super thick and awful to work with but Layrite stuff has always managed to tame it. This stuff I like most just for how it looks in my hair. Definitely worth it.
This things a beast... seems more powerful than the corded one we use.I can see why the hog anvil is more durable, definitely the one to get.
I like how each movie picked up where the previous movie left off. It is nice to see the children grow and how the family has come together.
Absolutely love my case.
I was getting a flat time about once a month commuting, but since I bought this pack, I haven't had a flat in months. I don't think it had to do with the tubes, just the universe laughing at me now that I am prepared.
Gorgeous!!! Well made
My 87 year old mother-in-law LOVES this magazine! The perfect Christmas gift!
WOW! This is a powerful bike for such an amazing price! Putting it together was a little hard to figure out, would be helpful if it came with clearer instructions
I've been using H&R Block's software, since Turbo Tax cheated it's loyal users by eliminating investments in their Deluxe version. I've had no problems with this software and will continue to use it.
Great stand for my bike. I plan on ordering another.
Well made, looks great on my uniform shirt!
pond low level alarm ... saved me much trouble several times....also, can here alarm all over house...
I love this! I have gray hairs right where my bangs split and they show every 3-4 weeks. It doesn't make sense to touch up my roots with hair dye that often since the gray hair is only growing in this area. This product is amazing because I can use this as a temporary fix until I dye my roots again. I would highly recommend this.
it was delivered quickly, and is just what I needed. stays cold all day long.
Bought it for my dock so it won't scratch up my switch and it looks great, works great too!
I love the creative quilting that is showcased in this magazine. I find it inspiring and it incites me to explore new-to-me techniques and expand them in my own special way!
A little quirky and maybe not everyone will appreciate it, but I loved it. Definitely worth watching again too
Fantastic album...great studio numbers and then the live portion is as perfect as you have come to expect. BUY IT NOW!!
Pretty fun read! It is reading and an RPG at the same time.
I got these as a gift for my sister-in-law and she was super excited about them. She has called me since and said they were awesome.
One of my all time favorite movie. What's not to like with Paul Newman and his future wife - such a marvelous actress. I wanted my own copy to enjoy at my leisure - not at programming demands.
Bought to extract a broken screw, worked fantastic
Awesome tv. Remote control is a little difficult to use (e.g., to control youtube). Overall, very pleased with this purchase. I did pre-order this on amazon. The price dropped by $100 when it shipped. Despite the description saying that I would get the lowest price, Amazon customer service would not refund the price difference. Lots of fine print to read about that. I should have returned the tv and ordered it at the lower price. I will *never* pre-order on Amazon again.
Very nice looking product
Great customer service. Will buy again
Awesome little flashlight. I keep it on a key chain as a backup. Very bright for its size. My friends were so impressed, they went out and bought one too.
The video quality and sound are very good.
So far this USB rechargeable headlamp has been great! Here is what I like about it: - Inexpensive - USB rechargeable so I don't need to carry extra batteries on backpacking trips. I just charge it using my power cell I take for my phone - Seriously bright, almost too bright - Ultralight! This is the lightest weight headlamp I have found, and I have many of them What I don't love is that there is no memory mode to have it go to a lower level brightness automatically. There is also not a red light option to preserve night vision. Lastly, the battery does not seem to last very long before you begin to lose brightness. Overall, this is a great and very affordable ultralight headlamp.
This product is everything that it said it was. I am very happy with the product and and the shipper.
Good value.. Good materials. Handy to have along as small as it pack. Great for extra pack...
This was a great cooler and kept my meat cold on a long hunt. it was able to fit everything inside of it and drain the excess water from the melted ice very easily. I like the locking latches that helps seal the cold in.
Charges quickly, small and a great product. I got it for an extra so I can keep batteries all charged up like the Energizer bunny haha(:
I use this every day to bring coffee to work. It keeps my coffee hot for hours! I've had cold beverages in the yeti and I believe this is it's number area of expertise. The hot beverages do just fine, but I should be using a different lid for safety purposes. They're cheap and easy enough to order though! I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a mug.
Love it best word game i ever played.
I was looking for ease of use and this helped me out when I was recovering my dining room chairs. Great product!
Bought this for our road trip! Battery life is amazing!
Good quality, hold skits well, easy to use, sturdy but slim so they do not take up a lot of space
Does the job I bought them for and what they were designed to do!
fixed our dryer was easy to install fit good
I just love this product, it does all the things I want to with just very little bit of use, but it leaves my hair soft, curly manageable, it just great all the way around.
Great for overweight people!! Wide enough and study enough! Comfortable too!
Easy to maneuver and you can add multiple locations.
Seems to work well. No complaints
I always buy the heaviest weight blanket for self moving trips. These blankets are good quality and weight for the cost.
Product arrived on time, was exactly as described, and packaged beautifully. I was very satisfied :)
I liked this true story so much I used it as a gift for my son-in-law to be. I bundled it with a bottle of Invictus cologne.
As described great deal and service
After a long search I decided this is the best option; First good impression was the Quality of the product from the moment I opened the package which arrived quickly. This project comes with 5 pieces of goods, especially the oversized messenger bag, which is too satisfying.The right price, recommended!
Works well and made giving away the giftcard so much nicer!
Great product that is easy to use during hunting season with thick gloves on. The light is very bright and helps for walking to and from your stand and also finding a blood trail. Being able to recharge the light is an added bonus.
Purchased for a gift and we like it too, if you're an Adam fan. Funny, good storyline.
beautiful poster! one of my favorites. it arrived without text, as advertised. very crystal clear image, such great quality!
Works great for our Whirlpool fridge. The Every Drop filters are super expensive and this filter works just as well and you get 3 for the same price as a single every drop filter. Water tastes great.
Loved it..... a gift that I did not think I would use.... I was wrong. It is great!
Quality is beyond expectation. If you're looking for a similar product, you'd be hard pressed to find better
Father in law loved these!
This film accomplishes so much on a smaller budget. The story is told well and everything is fleshed out. The fight scenes are done incredibly well. Some of the best you will see. The fight scenes also help serve the story and have a reason to exist. They are not done just for the sake of doing them. I highly recommend this film for fans of Scott Adkins and action fans in general. This is also a career best performance from Scott Adkins.
Better than doing a download, this way I can move to a new computer anytime later
Used it to install a vinyl plank floor. Amazing what having the right tools does for making the job easier.
What a terrific concert,great audio mix,visual is as clear as can be. The performance by the band in my view was as tight as I've ever heard or seen.After so many years together without Fish,they are better now than they have ever been.I was a huge fan of lead singer Fish before he left the band and felt that the music would suffer,I was wrong,these guys are for real and a joy to listen to.I will be putting this concert dvd in play for many years to come.!!
Great game with lots of different games to play plus some have bonus games! I play daily!😸
I've been a welder/ fabricator for 21 years,I dont know how I did it all these years without these. These magnets make life so much easier. They can be moved into many different shapes and even connected to help with holding tabs in place. If you are reading this review, just stop now and buy them!
This was a surprisingly good show and the cd doesn't disappoint. It's one that doesn't get tiresome. Playing it over and over. Lots of good songs on here.
The flashlights definitely are well constructed and are very bright. The rapid flashing and the SOS flashing modes are excellent to have on the lights. Lights are worth the money, especially in the twin pack. I am reordering.
Absolutely love this movie! Came quickly and was in perfect condition
The perfect laser level. For the price you can not beat it! When I first opened the box I was pleasantly surprised that it came with a case. Then when I opened the case and took out the laser I was even happier. It does not feel cheap at all. It feels like a quality level that should cost more. The laser is very bright and the self leveling works great. You can have both the horizontal and vertical lines on or just one of them. Also included is a magnetic mount. The level is about the size of a large tape measure. Well worth the money!
Daughter always loved this movie.
This is a durable and lightweight picnic blanket. It is super large and easy to carry whether your family goes to the beach or just have a picnic in the park. Definitely a great buy!
great for what I needed it for
I discovered these while I was on vacation in Tokyo... They're freakin' genius!
Great little bag and doesn't slide off my chopper tank, its the only way I carry anything on it.
This product helped to rebalance my combination/sensitive skin within days. Still breaking out but no longer battling excema along with it.
Great for my newborn baby with cradle cap
We were so thrilled to discover that we could buy an "All Regions" DVD Player in America. For years we have had Region 2 DVDs that we had been unable to play. We ordered this LG DVD Player and went to checkout. There we saw that we could get delivery via Prime by 9:00 pm. We placed the order at 11:00 AM. Delivery was made 8 hours later at 7:00 PM. We opened the box and plugged in the new DVD. We put a Region 2 DVD in the tray and were able to watch the video immediately. There were no complications. It worked perfectly. The quality of both the video and the sound were excellent. Why would anyone buy a Region 1 only DVD when a product like this is available at such a reasonable price?
No scratches. Perfectly sealed. Works and looks amazing on 4k tv.
Exactly what I needed.
I put it on my Cadillac CTS. The trunk comes to a point in the middle of the two pieces of foam along the top of the bumper, but I put another piece of rubber on that spot, and no more rubbing issues. Fits very securely!!
the best concrete boring tool i have ever used and the price, you can't beat it.
Grandchildren love it. Kindergarten grandchild uses it daily to unwind after school. Said it relaxes her. I often sit and swing for a fun arm workout.
We got this for our daughter's 5th birthday. She is tall and this fits her perfectly. Great quality and well priced!
Overall good quality product. The only hiccup I encountered was trying to get the plastic ring around the neck of the hydro flask. Would definitely recommend to other ppl.
Works great on cat6 cables. I love how you can check the wiring before crimping. Have had many crimper's before but these are the best by far. THANKS GREAT TOOL!!!
Arrived quickly, packaged properly and quality was excellent. Provides direct power to Nest Hello and rings go right to my texts!
I have a ceramic soap dispenser in the kitchen, the pump wore out. Purchased these and works great! I did need to snip them a little shorter, continues to work perfectly.
Best TV I have ever had. Good picture, sound, tons of extras.
:3 got it for my friend and its perfect
Nice for a young collector
Great set for repairing my grandsons trucks and cars especially tonka
Great quality, works perfect for my application.
"Works well with my small U Lock"
This is a great headlamp. I used it at night for fishing and being out in the woods. Its lightweight and I love the different settings that it has.
Lots of fun.A learning game.
VERY GOOD I WILL REORDER THIS ALWAYS LOVED IT SO MUCH!
Just love this soap. It has a great clean scent, and as far as soap goes, it does the job!
I sent this gift card to a friend. It was easy and convenient to purchase and a great gift. My friend used the card the next day.
good tools for what I need them for, thanks.
Bought this bag last may because it fit the specs of a carry on bag. Went all the way to europe for a week with just this bag and it worked great. Still use this bag ever day for school and other miscellaneous activities. No rips, tears, or defects present after almost 10 months of heavy use. It has out lived my expectations. Will continue to use this bag until the bottom breaks open.
I used to like this cereal, along with corn and rice chex. Haven't had cereal in years (low carb diet). Tried all 3, this is still the best tasting, just like years ago. Thank you for NOT changing it. The chex cereals were bland, soggy and the squirrels would not eat it. Thanks for the old flavor, it made my day to find something not screwed up by "making a buck".
I like it, it's free and good quality and blah blah but it takes forever to load plz get da game
Fits very well and can use the touch screen on the phone with eaze
I really like this movie. Watched it many times now.
This is a perfect little compact UV light. I keep it on my key ring so I never forget it. I've already found some great Vaseline glass pieces with it.
Sticky sticky sticky grippy grippy grippy brakes, they lock the wheel soon as clamp.
I am honestly impressed with this product. For the price you get several roasting sticks, a convenient bag, skewers, and letters to personalize the sticks. The roasting sticks work great on marshmallows and I am looking forward to trying them with sausages. I hosted a party where we tried these for making smores. Everyone enjoyed them. I highly recommend this product as it is high quality and a great value.
These fit my average 4.5 yo very well, and he does not mind wearing them. My son is learning to ice skate and we put these over his snow pants and jacket. The pads will also fit well on his skin in the summer when learning to ride his bike without training wheels. I bought a small. Fantastic do not buy anything else. The bag the pads come with is perfect for storing the little pads.
It was a awesome movie
Its a replacement filter, what more can you ask for?
haven't had a chance to watch it yet but the entire series has been outstanding I have no doubt this one will be too.
love thiese and you can hardly ever find them in the store anymore
I love playing this awesome game!!!! Its so much fun!!!!!!
my kindle is stunning now.
This is a beautiful ring. I get tons of compliments on it. It's really stunning. Has a lot of fire. Color ranges from a gorgeous sapphire blue to smoky grey.
I purchased the purple color and it's beautiful! The quality is excellent! Highly recommended
obtained in good condition
This pad is lightweight, grippy and stylish. Won't slip on you or give you a rash. Everything you need in a stomp pad!
The game never touted it's self as a solo game, but it is still fun if that's the route you take. The day one server issues lasted only a few hours, and if you are looking for a pirate game this is the perfect experience. The game does not confine you in any way. It is up to you to make your adventures and epic memories.
Good stories as always, my son watches it all day
One of my favorites. I don't know how I missed this one, back in the day.
Nice product, with high quality. But it was not so pleasant to wait and buy transmitter from 220v to 120 v.
I loved this powder before but now that I have started the Keto diet it makes life so much easier. It's probably the yummiest protein powder that I have tried. The banana is amazing too.
Definitely brought my teeth up a few shades when used with toothpaste.
I have loved this movie since I saw it years ago in the theater. They did a fantastic job converting it to 3D. Watching this movie in 3D was enjoyable and was like seeing it for the first time again. I wish all 3D conversions would have been done at this level.
I really enjoyed this book. It kept me up on more than one occasion listening to "just one more" chapter.
Amazing makes the skin soft. Especially good for the winter because it hydrates and soften the face. Great buy!!!
I like these fins better than any I have tried before. As with most swim socks, they are a tight fit and a bit hard to get on for me but once on they feel very natural and are much more comfortable than any fins I have used in the past. I would recommend.
We love these peg board strips! It helped us organize our garage. They didn't take too long to put up and with the use of a level we were able to install them fairly evenly.
Having fun watching all this upbeat content!
I love the song and it is good quality
Works great no leaks
just the size I needed very good durable bit thanks
Amazing product. This one compares to a lot of the more expensive glasses out there. I run, kayak, and ride bicycle with it with no issues and clear vision. Thanks
As expected works fine anything from this manufacture works usually
I'm glad I tested the temperature out first. I do like the features of it displaying 'comfort' levels for the humidity.
It is much better than the imagination, the lighting is very bright, the wearing is very convenient, and the quality is very good.
Great product and very affordable
The injector tube inserts all the way into the presta valve therefore eliminating any mess when injecting tubeless sealant into your tires!
Excellent! My baked items stay together now with just a teaspoon of this! Definitely worth it
I used this product for a cabling rail system on my deck
Other than the ads, including the noise, this is a great version of Sudoku, addictive.
Exactly as described, I am very happy. There were some duplicate years. :)
Worked great. Lasts about 4 hours of pretty heavy use hanging drywall
My daughter loved this. We took it on a stand up paddle board trip. She loves looking at all the creatures on the rocks at the beach and this really helped. It was easy to set up and assemble right out of the package. I liked that it came with extra gasket seals.
This is the only product to control my heavey bangs.
Another great cd release from the Greatest drummer in the world. I have the cd on auto play in my car all day. My greatest wish if Ringo does another tour for this cd. That his All Star Band instead of playing any of their songs they perform Ringo songs as well as Ringo Beatles songs. This would be the greatest tribute to this wonderful man. This way we get to hear more of his solo work and this amazing new music. Love and Peace to all
Great fit, very comfortable and works well dampening out all the machine noise in the shop.
I'm quite happy with this. The wood is pretty and also very smooth and sturdy. It took a little while to get here, but the wait was worth it. It arrived in a hand addressed/hand stamped package from Thailand. I got a kick out of the foreign postage stamp.
For my older son when he is on a bicycle this helmet is great for the options it brings, it can warn you if it has a strong fall that was what I liked the most, it is really a smart helmet and has clear lights for the night I was surprised with the quality of this product, it brings a remote control its cable to charge it is easy to use but it brings its instruction manual, it is very comfortable, and its value is really worth buying it
They are great thank you so much
These glasses are high quality. I have been wearing safety glasses for the past 15 years and these have by far been the best I have owned! Most safety glasses are not attractive and look cheesy. However these look and feel like my Ray Band prescription glasses.
I don't know about its durability since i had it just a week ago. But fitting is well and it feels very comfortable in hands.
These scissors cut beautifully and have sharp tips so you can cut very precisely. I like them a lot.
Its what I expected after reading the reviews, my skates are a size 8 and there's stilll some space maybe 9-10 will be the biggest I will use with this bag , side storage is big enough to fold a wash cloth ( I carry for sweat ) and I keep change and skate adjustment tool inside .... will update this review after a few weeks of use ....
This case is great to use whether reading or watching video on. I love that it can do both and made out of great quality material.
Exactly as described perfect for my bike bag
Exactly what I wanted
I now have 4 of these 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾. It will keep cool or cold liquid cooler then outside temperature for approximately 1-1/2 - 2 hours; The drink valve can be closed or open. Closed no flow, and open it will flow if squeezed. I have not had any trouble with mold in the valve described in some of the other posts. I also like the color options available. I highly recommend
My granddaughter loves this set.
The disc set works great and helped sand the mailbox post , wooden shed and hand rail with ease. Great purchase.
Stretch a little in the backside after sitting, but love them, great for work. Price is right, I'm gonna order more.
I bought this impact specifically to expedite the front end replacement on my SUV. I estimate it shaved a couple hours off the job vs using a breaker bar and ratchet. The 5ah battery lasted the whole time. I never had to use a breaker bar for the stubborn bolts. The impact broke them free with ease. This impact will pay itself off in the amount of time saved and busted knuckles.
Very, very comfortable. Provides a great night sleep.
All slots are great and give wins equally so far. Like allergen different bonuses.
Wasn't happy that my son's CD came cracked like this
The product was just like described. It did take a little longer to get. But, it arrived before we needed it. So all is good with that. Worked like a charm. Thank you for the prompt service.
I wish I had one of these years ago. Never thought about it until I came across this as something else to possibly buy here on Amazon. Very handy and useful. Sometimes a life saver with those tiny screws for SSD and m.2 drives!
I've only used it a few times so far and it works well. It is very bright.
Super comfy, breathable, and best of all... squat proof!! These fit exactly as expected, sizing chart is accurate.
This box is great. The picture of all of my movies I stream is wonderful. The remote and mini keyboard are great. The keyboard makes it much easier to search the web and apps. The directions are simple and easy to follow. The boys love the digital clock on the box. If you have any questions about the box they have awesome tech support to assist you.I love this new box for my TV!
This seat very easy to install and fit with baby 3 years old.
Very comfortable and well made. Super stretchy and breathable fabric.
We test it when we received it. It works just like the video play. also it has extra accessories for replacement.
I bought this for my greenhouse door to keep bees and birds out. Works great
Purchased for daughter who is on a gluten-free regimen I tried a box myself and they they are awesome they beat any cinnamon graham cracker out there great by will buy again
I just got these in today but I've had similar ones but I've lost them. They work great on electronics already used two of them. They seem to be of good quality.
I got them for me, gifted one, we all love them. The paper is sturdy, the color of the paper is not bright white so my son enjoyed the color. I enjoy that you can take pages out easily without scissors.
Pain in the behind trying to get it day one. I also didn't get my GTA money and amazon has been ignoring me. But still game of the year in my book
Shipped quickly and was in great condition.
easy to use and able to mix tp match the cupboards colors
it was hard to get on but once on it is GREAT just what i needed for my LC9s
Identical to the Lincoln brand lens cover for 1/4 the cost.
Great value for good quality product. We needed lightweight backpack to meet weight restrictions for small plane and this was so good we ordered another!
Working very well. Really good for walking my dog at night.
Really like mine but I still need to figure out how to hang it off my belt.
Crazy bright. Worth every dollar. I'd never spend anything more after this. Sets the bar high.
Just as described, Thanks!
I love this backpack. The wheels are sturdy and rugged which can handle asphalt, dirt, rocks, and cement like a champ. Its feminine but reminds me of cherry blossoms. There is so much room in the section for a laptop. I can fit at least 2 2" binders in addition to the laptop. There are so many pockets and the key clamp is so helpful. The best part is the telescopic handle is the perfect height for me. I am 5'6" tall. It doesn't hurt my back to walk with it. Thank you, Jansport!
This thing is great. Living at the beach and having this that takes up little storage space, is easy and comfy to use. Super simple. Love it. Even used it in the back yard!
My parents are going to love getting this for Christmas this year. They don't like a big fuss to be made over them and like little unique things. They will adore these ornaments.
Piece of mind is what this is. I actually hope the product holds up and I never have to use it. But, if I do, it's there.
Arrived on time. Excellent condition. Thank You
Resolution could have been better
Great buy, easy install
No as large as my Tinker but it has the file and scissors of my Evolution 18 that I used at work until I retired. I carried a knife at work since about 1990 and back then I wondered how I had gotten along without it. This Executive is smaller than the Tinker so I like that, and I really wanted the scissors and two blades like the tinker. The orange peeler I use to open sealed packages. Just right for this old retired guy who worked just short of 50 years.
This is the second time I have ordered the 8x10 version of this frame for friends who had to say goodbye to their beloved pets. It is high-quality, arrives quickly, and is packaged well. This frame makes a beautiful, heartwarming gift for others or yourself to honor and remember those we have lost.
its good. easy to use.
Like the picture!!! Excellent product and easy to used!
This was my first purchase of a candle without actually smelling it first and I'm very pleased, this is Vanilla like it should be. I figure if the vanilla is right, then I expect their other scents to be comparable quality. Will order again from their website for more scent choices.
Worked as advertised
Works as advertised. It's only been installed for a few weeks now but no issues. Build quality seems good. I have high hopes that this will last many years.
This is great for being handsfree and having light. Bright. Comfortable.
Great console. Amazon on kindle fires has less commands than others but works great.
I've been using this product for years. It's a great for smoothing out my hair and keeping frizzies down.
Smells weird but expected that, been using it for years and live the way it feels.
i have to say i like this dryer a lot. it replaced a 32 year old kenmore that the heating element stopped working. this dryer hold just about the same amount of clothing as the kenmore as it was a smaller kenmore. it does take a little longer to dry but that was to be expected. the only thing i dont like is there is a light constant tapping or clicking sound when the dryer is on, its not too loud but it does bug me. im not sure if thats just how its supposed to be or what but doesnt seem to effect it at all. now to see how long it lasts, i know im not getting no 30 years out of it like a kenmore but 10 years would be great ;-)
snacks are great... but this is why im on a diet
This movie avoids all clichés as it presents an unconventional portrait of a strong, independent woman and the motley family she collects around herself. It might be dubbed "feminist," but it's deeper than that; it's about love, justice and death.
Goes perfect with the Abby doll. Enhances the enjoyment of the doll.
Looks awesome, was easy to install, and came with all parts needed!
I expected the light to be bright but this was far better /brighter than I dreamed. Excellent product. Worth the price.
Doesn't dry my skin and lasts 2 months used daily.
Great sone when just sitting home while raining with a drink in your hand
Kids loved this game! Easy and quick download! A+
I meant to send a card not a printable So I had to resend the gift card, now I have the printable one with no printer what do I do?
Nice gloves. They were a gift for my brothers who helped me clean up my parents house to get it ready for sale.
These fit my face very well, the foam on the inside keeps my face from getting irritated by the goggles. These are nice and crystal clear, no issues with fogging and can be worn with a helmet comfortably.
Great soldering gun it's my go to really does a great job easy to pack and use any where you go simple to use in the field I highly highly recommend it a got to have and its firmware upgradeable
I was quite surprised at the size of the Kindle Paperwhite but I am loving it and the perfect little MoKo case! It is sturdy, has a snug fit and is so lightweight. I can tuck it in my purse and keep my Kindle safe and secure!
Thoroughly impressed with this digital caliper. It worked right out of the box. And speaking of box, the case it comes in is pretty convenient as well. I am happy that it came with a spare battery. This is a great product and seems like it will hold up very well as the quality of material feels high end.
We just got back from our camping trip. We love the tent. Easy set up. The tent didn't smell of chemicals. It is spacious. We are a family of 3.
Delivery and product arrived as expected.
This is a great headlamp, especially for the price! Super bright and lightweight but sturdy. This has been helpful for late night projects and when we go camping we will be taking this!
Ok, hear me out! I was also like "this isn't going to work, bugs don't care about noise". It blew me away, my house is covered in spiders all the time but it totally went significantly down and now I only get occasionally daddy long legs. I don't know what kind of magic this was but you bet I put one in every room!!! The trick is to put it in the summertime otherwise if they're already inside it won't work cause they've already nested. Away with you spiders!
Works perfect with my Kreg workbench system.
Easy to put a boat on and easy to wheel it even if it isn't lashed to the boat.
the package arrived on time and in very fine condition
Great product that offers quick deployment to control arterial bleeding in the extremities. The tourniquet is made of rugged material worthy of life preserving dependability and compact enough to take on any adventure. Raven Innovations biggest take away - little to no training required to save a life!
One of my favorite movies
Good price and works well with my nicad to l-ion adapter for my old b&d drill/driver
the tread is great for enjoying time in the mountains and the grip is going to make it safer.
I love how easy it is, my baby likes the vivid colors and assignments.
Very pretty and it's the perfect size for a cake!
A great hammock! Very comfy!!!! I totally recommend it!
We played Elmo ABC after getting this DVD player. It has good quality of image and sound. We can take it to wherever we need to. The best thing is I can make sure my kids to watch anything which is appropriate to their age. Sometimes the internet and TV will pop up the ads or so the kids are easy to get distracted by other things.good investment
This is a great emergency water bottle. It filters your water. I have 5 kids and they all fish,hike, and hunt. This is the best. It's nice to know where ever my Kids go on their activities , they can filter their water and be safe. It is a good size. It is easy to use and can attach to your belt loop. Such a great gift for survival and emergencies. Also just good to tie With you to be safe.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this foam, since the reviews seemed to be vaguely positive but mixed. I'm really glad I took a chance on it, it's terrific. It perfectly fit my aluminum case (which is not even this brand, but I measured it ahead of time) and has a nice density and spring to it. The tear-away sections were very easy to remove, I just pushed my fingers down between the cubes and sort of dragged my hand along the line I wanted. I took another reviewer's advice and removed each block of cubes in one big rectangle, which I could then cut in half with a knife and put half of it back in for padding underneath the item. Otherwise whatever you dropped into that hole would go all the way to the bottom of the case and not have much protection underneath. But this way worked like a charm, and in some cases I even put different sized sections back in, to support oddly shaped objects. Attached is a picture of what I've done with it - I wanted a case to store all of my microphones, with room to add about two more later on. The entire process of customizing the foam took maybe half an hour and was not only easy, it was honestly pretty fun. Somewhere between popping bubble wrap and playing Tetris. Great experience all around, and I actually saved the extra foam I removed, in case I need to customize the holes better down the road.
I received the item,came earlier than it said looks great thank you
I really like being able to refill and reuse the bottle. Now that my new washer has a fillable compartment for detergent, these will be even better.
Great dive computer. I have used it on 10 dives now, and starting to get familiar with it. I really like the size of it. It is small enough it could almost pass as a normal watch, while most other computers are massive!
High quality pull saw. I find myself using it more than I thought I would. Will be buying more pull saws in the future to replace my western styles
great soup! will buy again!
I bought this magnetic wristband for my husband because he always needs to do some small fixing for house house. This wristband is very convenient that I don't need to stand beside my hubby to hand him the little tools. Great buy, we both love it.
great fo when the idiots who run our electricity grid screw up! Powerful light dominates the room. Different lighting degrees is a good touch. Made well.
I used to watch a novel!
Light, fine mist. Great product.
Each disc offers different exercises. They are easy to learn and relaxing to listen to.
These are so soft. I wear these with a cardigan or Kimono and they fit great. Fantastic for layering. They are long enough so you can tuck them in too. I'll be buying more.
It's a little expensive but... Very sturdy unit. I was very interested in the gages that let you know when filter change time is. It's built around a solid steel frame. I think it was worth it.
It's what you expect from Chex.
Was extremely easy to set up and get started. The picture quality is excellent and the App is user friendly. I recommend & would purchase this again.
Extremely satisfied with the rain ponchos. Lovely price but great value for the quality. I bought these for emergency and i kept them in my car in case of rain.
Magnificent and scholarly...and a total delight. This will fascinate anyone interested in Irish history.
Hard hat graduation gift to myself my Self job training workforce developing getting through Basic chemistry first 10 chapters of text book
I put this particular bulb on a 2D plastic yellow heavy-duty waterproof flashlight with a rather dim incandescent bulb which didn't seem to put out much light. This new replacement bulb makes the flashlight worthy of rugged duty, especially in rainy wet conditions. I threw the old bulb away.
nothing else needs to be said
Very happy love this product
Excellent product. My 9 year old grand daughter loved sleeping on it. She said it was comfy and plenty big enough when opened. I sat in it when it was a chair and was very comfy. Very impressed with quality
This stuff is great! I use it twice a week. Smells wonderful.
Great price, and helps us get through the summer.
locks to grease nipple and no leakage
This is a great Basic Thong- can't beat the cost and quality
Great projector for our bedroom. Very bright at night and still visible during the day with curtains down.
Great bike rack!!! I've owned several hitch style bike racks. When the Kuat Transfer has 1 or 2 bikes locked in it moves up and down perfectly as you hit bumps. Only 1 issue is that it only carries 2 bike and you can't add an additional platform for 2 more bike.
I bought this to use for my drone repairs. I just happened to be replacing a battery in a I phone and it had all the necessary tools for that as well!
Wonderful outdoors uv protection Great for travel, used it non stop during my visit to Copper Canyon Wether hiking, zip lining, bikes or walks. Columbia is always a safe bet and trusted brand
Hefty steel. Don't mess around with tiny steels.
Haven't used it yet but it looks good.
Do far, it does the job I bought it for.
I love it. My family loves it. It's nice to have movies at your fingertips that are clean and inspiring.
My husband has a really huge and fat head, and this fit his huge fat head without it being tight. I have a regular large head and it fits me perfect, too. It's warm, it's comfortable, and the face mask has elastic bands on the sides where the buttons are so you could separate the mask from the hat and attach it to your ears instead.
I had one for camping and my four year old loved it so much I had to get another!
If you're a Perry fan, this is a killer CD. The harmonies on 'You Better Wait' are IN-sane. There's a lot of heart and soul poured into this album....from the poignant 'Missing You', to his implied apology to former Journey bandmates in 'Anyway'. Definitely recommend this CD!
Works well. No crazy smell. Great for sensitive skin.
My son is a grill master- needs to start fire for his smoker the authentic way.
i loved it! it came in great condition as well
I liked this show a lot ! The quality of the DVDs was great for me ! Was worried due to how old the show is but they are awesome and will now get season 2! :) Thank You so much for having these great old tv shows available !
Product is great. Storage area is very large and has a great handle on top. Great selection of colors and price. Really great product.
The quality of the headlights is very good, there are many setting modes, which can be adjusted according to the actual situation. The battery is replaceable and rechargeable. Even if you don't have a separate charger, you can charge it through your car stereo or laptop. Depending on the charging time, the battery life is very good even in high mode. The pocket clip is made of stainless steel and is very thick, very compact and easy to use.
This is a great driving simulation game
I have had this for about 4 months. Very good light.. I have run it through the washer and dryer twice and it still works great. I would recommend this light to anyone.
This thing is amazing quality. Pretty much just for show, but I'm still going to use it for field dressing small game just because. Recommended
Easy to learn and to play. Great graphics and controls
Outfit fit as expected. Ordered for my niece for Christmas. 4T is what she normally wears and this fit great. Material is durable and well made. Would recommned this purchase.
Bought these for my older brother for a prank gift. Everyone laughed and thought it was a great idea.
not the highest quality I have seen. Feels good, light, but a great price and plenty adequate. Using for Shibari so can't speak for climbing.
Strong and sturdy. I keep this is my EDC bag. With some paracord this is a very useful in many situations. Works as described.
I appreciate the fact that this product came with the original seal over the top so I know I am getting a real Amika product and it did not leak while shipped. I love the way this product makes my hair smell and feel, I use it every time I wash my hair.
A good cd for drive Time
This water bottle is awesome. I took a lot of the recipes love infinitely sent me through email and I get nothing but compliments and questions on where I got this water bottle. I would definite recommend to family and friends and am interested in purchasing the one with the ice pack in the bottom. :)
Helmet does what other bike helmet do...except it is super cute and my little one really enjoys looking in the mirror while wearing the helmet.
Good quality and I can put most essentials for guests right inside the box and have it in reach without searching for them. I love that my purchase supported a small business. I will order another one for our second bathroom.
That night was extremely cold, I believe it was 30 degrees we were literally freezing, I grab the sleeping bag not expecting to make any difference but they kept us warm through the night. The sleeping bags are extremely warm, pretty good size and the material was not to heavy
Product works like described. I'm using with my roku 3. I've pointed at the Roku from all over the living room. Only once did I have to get a better angle and my roku had actually been bumped so it wasn't positioned correctly. It does have to be pointed at the roku, but I did not have issues that other reviewers had. Buttons all work and for less than 10 dollars it has all the functionality I need.
It arrived on time and in excellent condition.
Love these! Good quality and look great!
Feels sturdy, pulls out and retracts smoothly. Nice big numbers so you can still read it even if your vision isn't perfect.
Easy to setup, no drilling holes or screwing.no tools needed! You can install the speaker on the wall in seconds. Fit Dot 2nd Gen perfectly, buttons of the speaker remain accessible. I like the simply design. Excellent product.
I just have purchased this inflated sleeping pad for my camping trips. I have a similar sleeping pad so needed a second one. the sleeping pad is very easy to inflated and deflate when done using. it is long enough for a tall person and pretty firm, at least for me, my weight is 100 pounds.
It's very secure and strong. I've had problems in the past with packs breaking when doing drops and jumps but this one is a lot stronger because of the bracket. It's storage capacity can fit a tube and a pump so it's good for most people. I suspect the pack good scrape the tire if you have a full suspension but I haven't had that problem yet
I have buy so much product here that i feel like a family store have never had any problem or every time is on time like they promise me very convinience for me is buy ahead of time and get free shipping
Its lightweight. easy to carry. It comes in this little bag thats attached to the hammock. Easy to set up. Its sturdy. 2 adults fit very comfortably.
very comfy and true to size. wish they had a slightly thicker version for fall/winter
Good quality and great price.
My Granddaughter loves it!
Shipped fast. Satisfied customer. Thank you
I bought this for upcoming deployment. It works great. If you buy this and think the light doesnt work...you have to take the wrapping off the small batteries before loading them in the light. Screw the cap on all the way to turn on the light, and unscrew it slightly to turn it off.
Not yet able to use this year but this product looks like it's good quality and will wear well.
Fast shipping, quick response-awesome product. Perfect transaction
Cool case, Organized, VERY competitively priced and lifetime warranty. What more could you ask for. The 1/2 inch drive kit is worth the extra 120$ if your a mechanic especially a intro mechanic
This sauce is very spicy and the taste is fantastic. The only taco sauce that I will use at home.
I store my bike on my front porch and I'm always worried that the elements will get to it. This cover completely solves that problem. The fabric is durable and easily fits over it. I especially love that easy access for my bike lock. I would definitely recommend purchasing.
Plays beautifully on my record player that i also purchased on Amazon!
This was a gift and very well received.
I used this as an adapter in a PLC cabinet, it worked right away with no issues.
Fast shipping and great product at such a low price.
I got the exact coin as shown at a fair price
Really Great Taste...
Really enjoyed this on the beach, sitting back and relaxing. Winds were blowing some and it stayed stable.
I got this for my mom to help cover the grey in between coloring and to help thicken her hair. I applied it to her grey roots and in areas where her hair is thinning. She was so happy when she saw her hair because it looked fuller and did not look thin at all. Its super quick and easy to use and covers the grey. I use the large brush end to apply the color and the smaller end to blend it out at the roots to make it look natural. Its an amazing product. It works
This game is so much fun. Addicting but makes you use your brain to figure out the best way to clear the level.
Perfect size, great quality. Love all the pockets. Just what I was looking for.
Gorgeous mirror and great customer service.
Mini sized UV light, but has strong power. Work well and great quanlity.
These bits last for a long time. Just ran it for over 24 hours on some Spanish Cedar plywood and still cuts like it's brand new.
this iron heats up within a min. the attachments work perfect. this is made of good quality material. it is real easy to use.
Love the color and works really well! Good quality sound!
I couldn't be more thrilled with this beautifully carved cutting board! It arrived promptly and well packaged. Well worth the money. I am a huge supporter of small/local artists so I would definitely order again. Continue with your amazing work and thank you!
Great series. Just too bad there weren't more episodes.
so far has worked as advertised
It's very compact and not bulky at all. It fits my iphone 6s plus well. Other than the phone, it has extra room for keys and credit cards. The zipper keeps stuff inside and safe. The buckle is sturdy and good quality. Overall, good running belt in a reasonable price.
My son bought this to wear under his gi for Jiujitsu. It is snug but comfortable. Great value!
Holds my Nalgene bottle perfectly! with the drawstring pulled up tight, it won't fall out.
I am so happy with this backpack. It's unisex so everyone in my family can use it and take turns carrying it. I love that it changes to left and right shoulder. Very comfortable.
Great flavor and texture
Worked as described nice to be able to reach the tall vents.
Short and sweet... it lacks a lot of the higher end functions you would get in more expensive models but more then enough to be functional. For the prices the quality of this device is really good. Its performance in ambient light situations is very good making it usable at any time of the day. At night it delivers excellent entertainment quality. only down side is no horizontal pin cushion settings so you really do need to be able to put this device middle front or back of the screen.
The size and price is great
I have not actually gotten to use while hiking yet but a couple of things I like right off the bat are the ease at which it can be filled and how flexible it is which allows for easy rolling and storage.
Very fun to play with several ways to increase points as well as building puzzles and playing other games in conjunction with it. Love it!
This perfectly fit a queen and twin blow up mattress with an extra foot at the end. Tall enough to stand up in, easy to put up, and the awning area is awesome!!
Easy to install and stays put, no twisting
made it very easy on the beach to put umbrella in the sand
Great build and keep your flashlight intact.
I finally decided to buy this! I love it!
Loved it! Perfect for our recent camping trip. Very easy to put up and folds up small into its own pack. Very sturdy straps didn't budge all week. The material also dries quick after it rains.
A cute funny way to pass some time. Won't change the world but I love this little game.
Smells amazing! Great price for a great product.
Camelback is a trusted name in the hydration game. I have had a few back pack type hydration systems and Camelback is my go to. I needed to replace the bladder in my Mule. The Mule cleaned up really well in my clothes washer. This bladder fit the bill and it even had the toggle shut off which the old one didn't have. The old one didn't have the insulated sleeve on the tube like the new one either. Highly recommended 5 star rating.
Worked fine and I thought it was great until it started malfunctioning. Battery is wonky. Won't stay on for longer than 15min off the charger for me. Always disconnects. I can't charge my devices from the USB ports or the wireless charging spot without the speaker turning off. Update: Since complaining about my issues and asking on the product page how exactly to get a warranty replacement I can say I recommend this device. Customer service was expedient and excellent.
Very comfortable for being a semi compact pad
Live this hammer/screwdriver combo. Perfect for household use.
Needed a small bright flashlight. This flashlight fits the bill it's easy to hold easy to use and very nice bright.
I have been a fan of these movies for years. I just purchased this set as a gift.
Fast ship, everything correct. Great product. Thank you!
I use it everyday on about 800-1000 parts at work everyday still going strong
I never have a flashlight when I need it, regardless of how many I buy. I love that there are three of these in the package. I put one in each car, and have one for the house. I hope I never need the ones in the cars, but they could be lifesavers. The beam is very bright, and you can easily zoom in or out to adjust the size of the illuminated area. These flashlights are inexpensive, but excellent quality. I have always purchased good quality flashlights in the hardware store, not the cheap ones. None of them has even come close to being this bright, and none of those, even the Maglite, has lasted very long. I never review a product unless I am excited and happy with it. This was a great buy!!
Required for post installation - easy to use
This saw has massive power and smooth cutting
Really cool! Saves me from spending money for nose job just to mount my glasses properly up my nose
I use these on my Harley and on my Dillon reloading press, They are so much more convenient then using allen wrenches.
I bought a new compressor and had no fittings. this kit is Great and a nice starter set.
Perfect for my feet in fit as well as quality!! You won't be sorry! Will buy again when needed and would love even as a gift.
These contain no sucrose ( other than the chocolate chips). I like to take them with me to work for days when I need a boost.
BIG fan of ER.....this season has so much emotion in it....sad to see Mark pass....
No trials, credit cards required and no second rate country selection. Even has Canada. So far so good
tips are made from a good material and fit my tool
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he was so excited to try it out that he slept on the floor in his den to give it a test run. I can't believe how small this camping mat is, but despite its ability to roll up tight for a pack, he said it was super comfortable and he can't wait for his next camp out! Seller was awesome. Shipped quickly, concerned with how we liked their product. Seems like great customer service!
These tires ride really smooth, are really quiet and have have yet to get a puncture (2.5 months). Before I was getting about 2 flats per week.
Love this bathing suit for my 2 year old! It fits perfect and he loves the designs!!
Very light weight and fits snug and comfortable. Keeps ears warm. Exactly what I wanted
Fit perfect, he loved it.
Brighter than expected for such a small light
Husband gets chafed from work and he said this works great!
I like the fact that it comes with a ruler on the outside of the case. Each size is nicely separated. However, I wish and Im not sure how it can be done but I wish the case was designed differently. When opening undoubtedly some will fly out. Otherwise I'm happy to have them. I have a passion for watches so they've already came in handy.
This mat is durable, easy to use and now I can't live without it. I am in the midst of several sewing projects were using scissors simply won't do. I could continue to extol this mat's virtues, but I need to get back to my sewing. If you sew, you get the message.
Love these!! I'm 5'8 and the tall sizes fit perfectly. I will be buying more!
GREAT TO SEE A MOVIE WITH NO BLOOD SEX MURDERS OR PEOPLE CUSSING
This pen works great and is much easier to hold than the little diamond Len that comes in the kits. Highly recommend.
Tekton tools never fail to disappoint
Very easy to hook up between trees and sturdy for multiple people.
These are amazing. They really look like actual flames burning. This is Awsome for a romantic night or just for about you table in the chandelier. I plan to order a whole lot more of these. I live them definitely reccomend these.
Love this app and love my Fitbit Blaze. I find it easy to use and have had not issues with the app. Love that this app and My Fitness Pal talk to each other.
Good game 🎮 some levels are very hard
I got this for my son who goes to camp every summer. I am excited that it is light weight and very compact for him to have in his backpack. He does a lot with the cub scouts and this is perfect. We have had him blow it up and try it out already to make sure it was something that we would be comfortable with. We will be getting another for my other son as well. I was waiting to make sure it wasn't a waste of our money and I can say that it will not be.
Great item just what I wanted
Cleans as expected, creates a decent lather, and doesn't seem too drying. The smell is fantastic!
Used them to shape birch plywood and did a great job.
I have tried several different masks on the market and have been disappointed by all of them. Half of them leak and the other half is not comfortable. This mask on the other hand is by far the best I have tried. I hate renting snorkel masks on vacations since it is expensive and I don't like having a set time window, plus it just doesn't seem sanitary. Therefore I prefer to bring my own, especially for a great price like this mask. I used it on my trip to Hawaii and was so pleased by the quality, it did not leak once! It is very easy to transport and the 180 degree panoramic view is amazing and crystal clear. This mask made my snorkeling trips so memorable which were the highlight of my vacation. Recommended!!!
Foldable and easy to store beside to use,
Great gloves, quite warm and durable, although the fingers are a bit long.
Good packaging, and wonderful collection of songs.
Works well, decent size, all metal (except the plastic level bubble of course) enables easy use of imperial or metric. Very helpful in most building or construction situations where a right angle and level are needed.
This was a great purchase. This little vacuum is very powerful and has storage places for the attachments. Great purchase for the price.
Love it my sisters and I watch it ever year now!!!!
Just got to try out these Cooler Packs and I absolutely LOVE them!! They fit in the cooler very nice and they stay frozen all day. We were on our boat and they kept everything ice cold all day. These are the best Cooler Packs I have found!
These Bounty towels are really better than most. And they are delivered at a good price. It's a win.
The plugs are precision machined and have a hard anodized coating. They arrived in very classy packaging that looks great, protects the bar ends from damage while shipping and makes you feel good for paying so much for something so insignificant. Yes, they are hard to fit with thick bar tape (try cutting the tape to a taper and using a 6” steel rule to push the tape under the bar ends), but when you are done they look fabulous and leave you wondering why you didn't spend the money sooner.
Came scratched makes my cart look good tho
We have it on the counter in our garage, its amazing!
It was exactly what we needed. I actually ordered them while walking through a store that was supposed to carry them! Amazon rocks!
Connected this up to my Ooma...like that I can now use my Echos to make and receive calls from and to any kind of phone from anywhere in my home. I like that I can use Alexa to dial 911 if I am by myself and cannot reach a phone in an emergency.
So far so good. Seems to work just fine. Used it to buff my 2000 Civic and it did a great job.
worked out well to hold and carry all our stuff for the beach
there is no smoke at all!!!
Does what I bought it for. The bearings are easily changeable & in sufficient quality to be very useful.
My little guy loves this game. Too many visual graphics for me.
This is impossible to find in stores outside of a big combo kit. A lot more efficient than changing sockets every couple of minutes while installing computers in racks. Should have bought two.
Keeps my hot drink hot for hours. Doesn't retain odor if you forget to rinse it for a day or two (as sometimes happens with me). Very easy to clean the cap.
Very good product for the price. Compact yet now than capable.
I rarely write reviews but this bag is game changing. Purses hurt my back and shoulders and even when I have pockets, trying to carry everything that way is annoying. This bag is beautiful, sits comfortably and stays put, and eliminates so many everyday problems for me. I use a power wheelchair so a regular purse normally sits in my lap, which is annoying. And with this, I can reach everything I need one handed so I can keep using my other hand on the joystick - no more stopping to pull out my phone or whatever! It also eliminates the hassle of having to take off a bag every time you need to remove or put on a layer. Winter is about to get much easier. As others have mentioned, it's both surprisingly capacious and astonishingly well organized without being too bulky. I can fit everything I need, know where things are, and access them immediately. So yeah, great for wheelchair users, butch lesbians, and anyone else who wants to look cool and not have to carry everything in a purse or pockets. Only caveat - unfortunately like so many things, not great for fat people. The belt was just a little too short to be comfortable for me. I was able to make it work by adding a caribiner but if you're bigger than me I think it might not work. For reference, I'm under 5'5" and around 200 lbs.
I love this insulated bag. I use it for mountain biking an it helps keep my water cold much longer on these hot Texas days. Thanks for a product that really works.
He absolutely loves it!!! He has cut himself while fishing with the knife, it opened back up on him.
Ok. So I finally got around to installing my Oittm Dimmer switch. I bought this because it looked like it would make a cool addition to my other Oittm Wifi products. So while I have done limited electrical work before, I am by no means an electrician. I have another Oittm wifi wall switch with a touch glass plate for turning on/off the light and for the most part, the installation was not too difficult.The biggest part was figuring out which wires led to the light, and which wire continued to other outlets/light switches. I'm sure an electrician would have got it connected correctly the first time. In any case, I got it connected and it works great. If you're going to attempt installing this yourself, I recommend searching for some installation videos for Oittm wifi wall switches. Otherwise, get an electrician to do it for you. Now, with the dimmer switch, the installation was a bit easier for me because I had done it once before. I've installed many wall switches, but the wifi ones are a little different. Keep in mind that since this is a wifi device that must be able to communicate even when the switch is off, it must have a constant flow of power. It's a little more involved than just replacing a standard on/off switch that simply breaks the circuit in order to turn off the lights. As for the switch after installation...It works really well. I like the dimming feature by just rubbing your finger up or down along the dots on the switch in order to control the brightness. Simple design and easy to use. Setting it up with the Oittm Smart app was easy as well. Again I have multiple Oittm wifi devices that are all setup in the Oittm Smart app. So while it was easy for me to set this up because I'm very familiar with it, it really is a simple process and very user-friendly. And functionality of the app is equally user-friendly. Lastly, I have this setup with my Amazon Alexa. That process was easy as well. The voice control works well. Overall, I really like this switch and it makes a great addition to my other Oittm devices at a reasonable price. I look forward to seeing what else they come up with. Thanks.
I loved the scissors! Great quality and always comes in handy when I'm looking for a small pair of scissors to just have laying around. You can't always cut everything with a big pair of scissors and this just hits the spot!
It works really well, with a light but consistent hold. Seriously, you can run you hands through your hair and still keep it fixed. You don't need to apply much, so it lasts a good while, and washes out quickly with water, and it smells good too. The only downside is the light amount of flakiness it produces, but it is not horrible by any means.
It's great quality and beautiful!
Better that the standard cheap noodles we are all used to from the supermarket. They have good flavor and aren't easily over powered by the sauce, so you can actually taste the carbs, like you're supposed to.
Saw the play in the city years ago, sat second row back from stage. Loved it. Listening to the CD brings back memories of that evening.
very happy with the Torque Wrench. for its price, well recommended!
Perfect mount for my iPad to the handlebars on my training bikes. Works well on both my road and mountain bikes. 100% satisfies with this purchase.
Worked great for the cold Pittsburgh mornings waiting for my bus outdoors! Good to charge your phone in a pinch as well. Highly recommended!
I love the episode power I had Too this for my Collection
I love music by Lauren Daigle! Her songs are meaningful and her voice is superb!
These work GREAT! Super well-priced, and I've used them in my little cleaner a ton while getting my home clean to put on the market! GREAT seller - super deal - thanks! :)
Love this movie great story and acting. Simone B
Wore hiking the Narrows at Zion. Twice. Water 47 degrees. Worked perfectly. Not cold.
My husband and I were so pleased to find episodes that we had not already seen. I thought we had purchased all of them, but Series 19 Part 1 and Part 2 were new to us. We were so sorry to see this series come to an end.
Very nice toolkit! I'm not a pro but I'm definitely gonna fix all my fam watches easily now on
My uncle loved the shirt i got it for him material is perfect and tank you seller
My 9yo says this game is AWESOME. He loves it.
Size is just right as an everyday pack for running errands and as an overnight bag. Easy to use and lightweight. It basically replaces my need for a purse and is much better for my back (wide straps that stay in place and don't bunch up or cut into my shoulders.)
got 2 for 1, great little scope
I love that you get 2 stubby screwdrivers that are both standard and phillips head!!!
Great story. I can't believe how tough these guys were.
Doesn't clog pores and lightweight.
Love this case. The outer rubber is softer than you would think from listing. Has lasted over a year with a teenager that chunks her tablet here and there and everywhere. Good purchase for price. Just as good if not better than pricier cases for fire HD 8
These ski goggles are a great value for a family of skiers! Our family trip is planned for spring break and we needed more ski goggles for our teenagers. Affordable ones that work! These fit our 17yo very well. I tested them with the first sleet of the season and they stayed clear and dry inside--very important when you're using them on the slopes where it can be cold and wet. Adjustable strap stays tight for a snug fit to keep the wind out of your eyes. Mirrored lens is cool looking with the all black frame. I think I might get another pair of these before the trip for our other teen.
Easy to install and works like it should.
Great headlight best ever had
These are just as cute as I'd hoped they'd be. The perfect size too. I slogged through a bunch of mediocre, mass produced jewelry to find these & they are perfect. I work at a garden nursery so these lil bees will be right at home!
Works as it should. Seems to be good quality
Great game defiantly recommend it!
I am 6'4'' 265 and the large pad was comfortable for me. Easy to inflate and deflate.
Our family loves outdoor activities, especially hiking and camping. This product came in handy as it takes just a little space and is securely held in a little bag. I also liked the fact that the knife folds in, so that the blade doesn't stick out. For its price it's a must buy product for campers!
This fan works great and will start to cool you down instantly. I used it when my cars AC wasnt working and it helped a lot. The battery lasted a long time between charges too, so it didnt always need to be plugged in
I'm a Medium/Heavy Duty diesel tech. This thing is a must have for large trucks. Especially alignments and suspension work.
Great for school lunch boxes! I haven't had one leak yet, unlike the bottles I bought at the supermarket. Easy to clean. No fiddly working parts.
Great bang for the buck. I've seen these at home fairs going for twice the amount. Took a chance on it and man does it kneed out the stiffness. Highly recommend this to anyone suffering neck pain
Good wireless headset... Audio is not that great compared to high end sets (obviously) but wear is comfortable and worth the price.
I recently purchased the cd for my new grandson. I had a cassette tape of this when my children were small and it was their favorite bedtime music. I purchased for my granddaughters when they were born, and now for the new little one. It's still a treasure!
Functional for the price.
I bought 2 masks, this one was half the price of the other. It was super easy to use, great visibility and did not leak. Can not say the same for the expensive one!
Works well! Great value.
Love Craftsman. They work great.
Played fine, has been watched a few times as a favorite. For the age of the film, great effects for the day.
God damn, I can't say enough good things about this book and the series in general. So I won't. It's good. Read it, listen to it, inject it, I don't care, just get it in you.
Made my Mom very happy
What an amazing TV set. I'm very pleased with the picture quality and viewing angle. The Smart remote is pretty cool once you figure out the features it offers. I was able to put away my DirecTV remote and use the smart remote. The setup is pretty easy even for a novice like myself. Really great bang for the buck!
Much easier than business cards
Beautifully made. Thick and warm. My 6 year old absolutely loves it and wore it all winter long. I stole it once or twice to wear myself lol!
Great shipping got the item ordered does what it suppose to do
works great through high weed and small trees
My family of four went camping & this tent was perfect! It was ample room for a queen bed and a full bed and all of stuff including two box fans a small table and lamp. Very easy and quick to assemble & take down.
it did what it was expected to...lockable cabinet for management.... got 'em off my a**...
This is my first Dive computer, I used it on four dives before this review. It worked flawlessly, easy to use as see under water. Getting the information from it for my log was easy and there was no need for the docking station, you can just toggle through the screen and get your information. Yes it records the water temperature if you want that reading as well. You won't see the temperature until you start your dive.
I recommend this product.
I am very happy with this purchase. They were a good price and fit perfectly. My husband and I both have the same bottles. After a while the cap holder gets worn. My husband actually broke his. That is why I purchased the replacements.
This is too fun and works great! It doesn't make any sound at all while it rotates, which is what I was worried about. Lights are bright and vivid. It helps me get in the mood to go to sleep with its gentle motions and I don't have to worry about turning it off since it has a timer. I highly recommend this to everyone!
Good product, fast service.
Got this for my husband who has to tighten his seat cane many times a day but he lost it the first day.
looks nice and easy to keep looking clean
Love it, Very compact for my trunk. Easy to put up and take down.
Always enjoy a nice relaxing Saturday afternoon with some old movies to watch. This is a nice collection.
Works good in my Bosch dishwasher. It does the job. The packaging is a little hard to pour into the dishwasher because it is big and bulky and awkward however this is the best value for the money so I continue to buy this size. I store the remaining in a large ziplock bag because it doesn't sit up well and salt gets everywhere.
The system worked like a charm and has freed up space in our garage with a minimum of effort. Hung two bikes that we had been tripping over for 3 years. Easy to raise and lower.
Sturdy, well made, gets the jobs done.
I am always suspicious at projector, but my husband remodeled the loft, and he doesn't want a TV, so we got this projector. It's small and white color, so the look is great! And after he plug in and try it out, i was suprised how clear it's even with the light is on! Now I am hooked!
I'm very happy with product thank you
Fast delivery, nice packaging. Thank you!
Bigger than it looks but fantastic wife loved it
I can walk my dog with no worries about ice under the snow.
Love it! Smells like roses. I use this as a toner and makeup setting spray.
good quality and useful. very satisfied.
Great lights - they are a terrific value.
Great puzzle game for small children.
I loved this read. It gives you a different perspective and you find yourself conflicted over who to root for.
Kiddo got this... idk
These socks work as advertised and are well constructed and comfortable. The times indicated over which the battery will discharge are accurate.Found this amazing products by accident,cheers,congratulations to myself,would recommended.
bought this to cut some patches for drywall in my house. Worked well. Cuts Alright through wood
they are great think you an so ez to use .
Easy to put up even by yourself. I would have liked some Velcro straps to secure it in a closed position, but used bungee cords. The tent was very substantial even on very windy days. Loved the sandbag anchors. After several umbrellas turned inside out and broke, I decided to invest in this one. So glad I did.
This app works perfectly. It is the easiest thing to maneuver. I was in a perfect position lying in bed (I have a painful back) and couldn't find my remote that I thought I had close by me. I remembered the Roku remote on my Kindle and used it. It really is easy to use. It brought up Netflix, Prime Videos, Classic Reel anything I have on Roku, any movies in my libraries and in my Lists, quickly and easily. And It is free.
I was looking for the same case as i've had for years. Couldn't find it. So i tried this. I am very happy with this case. It is better than the one i was looking for.
They work well. Take out all residue that normally goes thru the gold mesh cups so you can use regular coffee in your keurig
This stuff is amazing! I've recently discovered it works great on razor rash/bikini bumps. So in addition to being awesome for the face, it also is awesome for other irritated skin!
Good Quality, easy to use must have tool.
We are using it for our 2nd floor which is 90% carpets and it vacuums it very well! It takes time to figure how it works but after that it is great product! Battery is good for 45-50 minutes cleaning cycles but it goes to recharge by itself. and the mapping of the rooms is amazing feature.
I cannot believe how good this tool is, don't have to get on my knees to dig holes or plant. Them make my gardening a breeze, and I wish I'd had one of these 5 years ago.
I love these!!! They are well made!!!
Watched bits of this movie years ago. Looked good so I bought to watch in its entirety.
It's been working great for 90 days now and no problems Update. 2 years later and still works great and we have a family of 7. I have definitely got my money's worth. Lasted longer than the original. Will buy again when that day comes
Great price arrived quickly.
i really like this liner, better than some of the other brands i have tried, i would definitely buy this again which i will have to soon.
Great socks. Not too tight. Very comfortable.
I was looking for a unique gift for a close friend for a second marriage. The candle was great and arrived quickly. I ordered on Friday, it was shipped Monday and I received it on Thursday. Very impressive for a customized item.
I had an older Android box I used for streaming. The box was older and ran an older version of Android, as the apps improved the they needed better processor, more ram, and a more up to date OS to stream properly. The steam would glitch a few times and audio and video would lose sync by about 30 second and I would hear about a score before I would seen it. I seen this had twice the ram of my old box and is running the most recent version of android. The processor seems to be very solid, the streaming is very smooth and fluid. I REALLY like this box.
Small little salami's are great to snack on every time I go to the fridge to look for something to eat.
Great tool, the male extension which extends into the hub helps secure the tool when loosening or torqueing down the cassette. If you need this tool buy it.
I've had 3 of the 4 bowls in this pack so far and every one has been extremely tasty. Simply fill the bowl about a third of the way with cold water, milk, or your milk alternative of choice and stir! The stirring does take a minute but the results are worth it. Savory, sweet, chewy, crunchy, fruity, rich... just a few of the things I thought of while eating one. The spoon is cute and useful if you're on the run as well as the lid it's attached to the underside of. If you take a bus, train, uber, or other transportation mixing at home, throwing the lid on, and tossing it in a bag is a very real option. No leaks! I highly recommend this.
Totally awesome sleeping pad! My son loved it when he took it backpacking. It is very compact and light weight making it a great product. This is our 4th pad and this brand really beats the rest. Please help support this small business!
Nice, heavy guage tools and stakes. Better than most sets that come with the tent or shelter.
works better than expected
I purchased this line for a Canadian fishing trip where we caught well over 200 fish. It casted well and proved very durable.
Works great for the kayak and truck!
The clip works great for gym locker rooms. I don't have to set my bag on the dirty floor, and it helps my back since I don't have to bend over as much since my bag is on the ground.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift to my boyfriend. I was shocked when it was delivered before Christmas as it's a busy time of the year and I wasn't expecting it come until January. It arrived as advertised, brand new and still in the plastic. All of the discs were in perfect condition and it came with a small poster. My boyfriend loved his gift and we watched all 3 movies because I had never watched any of them. They're really great movies and it was worth it to watch them in 4K. It's a really nice set to add to your shelf.
Appear to be good quality. So far they are holding up well in our farm shop.
Love the invitations for my son's first birthday!! They came out so cute and arrived quickly. Will definitely order from her again 😊
Not as sharp as they should but nothing you can't fix easily, really good quality knife I will recommend it.
Great movie Mel Gibson is a great actor
was going to buy the digital version but I am a fan of real gauges so i went with this one.
This wristband is really great. The fabric on the inside seems to breath better. I measured, the total length is 40 cm, the length of the Velcro is 13 cm, the 5 rows magnet part is 16 cm. It has been great for hanging pictures, more space for me to put my quilting pins on here and it has very strong magnetic. With this wristband, I don't need to spend more time looking for small tools and I can set down more the hardwares I need on the wall.The velcro strip is adjustable so I don't have any problems to fit around my 9 inch wrist. Pretty sure it would fit for anyone's wrist.Now I know what to get for my father for his birthday.This will be a great birthday gift for him as he is also a DIY lover.
I have used another guys before buying this, but none the less Makita products have served me well for the past 40 years.
Gift for my daughter she loved it
Was better than expected. Very strong and effective for reupholstering. Would recommend to friends.
So happy his music lives on and what a great treat to realize the impact Prince had on other artists!
Works great with my Ring doorbell. My existing doorbell faces the wall, and with this adjustable angle mount, I'm able to view my entrance perfectly. To install, I used the four screws from the Ring, along with the anchors (concrete wall). Then proceeded with the remaining installation of the doorbell.
Work great for the job I was doing
Our toddler loves this!
Highly satisfied when I received the product. It fit really good to my 8 years old boy. Good quality in material and it has a nice design. Love it.
I love the bracelet. It is on the heavy side but still wearable.
Smells very good. Helped our baby with his dry skin. We first used the Mustela for sensitive skin but it was not able to fix my babies dry skin so we tried this Cold Cream and it worked. The smell is also very soothing.
Good hold but not too heavy
Solid product. Don't know what I'd do without it. It speeds up bearing cleaning and replacement without all the mess.
So comfortable, I could live in it! This is my first sleep shirt, and I am hooked! The fabric could be softer, but I don't mind, everything else about it is great.
Allows our remote to survive being chewed on and thrown about the room.
I bought this versatile tarp/rain fly to take on a recent camping trip! It is wonderful and did the job! I am totally impressed and will buy again!
Sturdy rulers and easy to read. Should last for a long time. Love the email I received for the product review - very humorous!
Very good lighting.
Couldn't ask for better!
This is a very powerful camping burner to use with the propane tanks. It is great for any cooking and the large surface area means it can hold a large pot or pan very well. It is not compact for backpacking, but as a campsite burner it is very good.
Once again Awesome!!!! Absolutely happy with the purchase!
Great music and story. True to life family secrets and misunderstand circumstances due to emotional trauma. A tear jerker in a good way.
I enjoyed the movie very much. Thanks!
This tent is awesome!! Setup instantly and so convenient. Roomie and nice vents for air to flow through so it doesn't get to hit inside. I highly recommend this tent.
Bright, bright, bright! Hard to believe so much light from such a compact flashlight. The rechargeable battery seems to give even more light . It's water proof I have also seen where these flashlights can be used for self defense.
Good fit, make sure you have the right generation though.
It need to have a sizing on it. It does not fit bigger people.
Really good value. It tastes much fresher and has a fuller flavor than I expected for a pre-ground pepper. Definitely worth having a stock of in the pantry
Quality was better than Harbor freight
Fun to use--no guessing where the studs are.
I have one always near and it works very good
Get it for camping. could charge for both boat and camp mattress.
I really enjoy the lamp during the night. It is very relaxing.
So easy to put together and kept us off the wet ground. So much space too! And not one drop of moisture went inside when it rained on the Oregon coast.
EASY TO USE UNDER MY PERMANENT IMPLANTED BRIDGE;
This is really nice hand and nail lotion! Smells wonderful! I will order again!
My granddaughter loves her own little dishes to make slime. They clean up nice Y.
Worked Flawlessly, all you have to do is read and you will have no problem registering and installing. Despite those "1 Star" reviews saying that it doesn't work all you have to do is read.
It works , you have screws or bolts that have stripped heads this will get them out . Great price on a tool that works .
I don't use it that much, but it's worth having. It makes setup a breeze.
Great and perfect for my daughters birthday
FANTASTIC! This is a gem to own. My kids love it as much as I do! I would love to see more than just a collection of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood shows here and there. The series in its entirety would be wonderful to own!
This is the best fps on the market can you add more world war 2 maps and weapons
Great product great service
Now I'm really curious if people actually reviewed this item....
Great price great quality
Slick little gadgets. I'm using them on 1/8" nylon tent ropes to hang clothing, lanterns, etc. Stretch a line between two trees and hang em' all.
So far so good. Looks awesome, the lights are neet and the chrome purple is shiny and the lights kinda reflect in it. Got it for my 11 year old daughter, she sure loves it. I will update the post if anything goes wrong. But I really don't expect it cause it seems pretty good quality and i am really pleased with the price too.
This is so wonderful in all areas, I keep it out and leave it around the house if anyone gets a chill.Beautiful fabric, warmth, stashes very small, perfect for camping also. LOVE it!
Very happy with the tire.
I love these bindings. it is totally better than my flows. i wished i bought these before my flows. no complaints.
Excellent condition! Fast and excellent shipping!
badass album with badass shipping
The sizes are pressed and readable on each piece. The threads are cleaner than expected for an inexpensive set. I've used a few of the dies with no problems. Compared to the more expensive set I recently purchased and sent back, the quality of this product is so much better.
Great chair for the beach!
Came fully intact with no issues. Loved all the bonus content as well.
Fantastic for daily use or travel. I bought a waterproof one after my daughter purchased one, and now she purchased the mini one for her daughter. Mine is perfect for riding in my golf cart, on our Gold Wing, or normal everyday use.
This little monthly book contains everything a Roman Catholic needs to experience Mass at its fullest.
This is a decent little camp shower. I was too impatient to test its heating capabilities, as the lake water with which I was filling it was already a refreshing temperature. Will say it takes some time to fill by dipping in the water, but if you're using a faucet you could fill the full five gallons. I only filled it maybe 1/3 of the way and that was enough for four quick showers, although more like sponge baths. Rolls up nice and compact, but might be improved with a removable hose. Hung it from a tree with some line through the well-made handle, and enjoyed being able to have a quick morning wash while camping.
Certainly better than the sequel.
I'm a retired welder and a miller fan. I have three of their welders. I was sceptical when I bought these but as far as size, fit, form and function, and even appearance you can't go wrong. Why pay more?
I haven't read anything in this genre before and didn't know what to expect. This series was a great read. I went through all the books very quickly. Great escapism reading.
The lyrics to this song come straight from the heart. This is when you realize Gods love surpasses all understanding.
It's so much fun and horrific at the same time. It is basically Hello Neighbour but with yo granny. PS I think she is angry because you stole a cookie from the cookie jar
Excellent lights. Front light on very bright settings lights my path at least 50 feet ahead. Multiple settings on both lights and east to install (had to find the manual on-line, only drawback) and take off for re-charging. Highly recommended.
easy product, very good
This really is a fun game. It goes by, before you know it a hour has come and gone.
Bought this for a friend's new college student. Reported back that he used almost every tool in the kit on the first day in his dorm. Also reported later that he (and his tool kit) have become the most popular on his floor with loads of new "friends.".
I had trouble finding a good patch kit locally that came in a variety of sizes, and seemed easy to apply. Luckily I needed a patch for a black jacket, which this company offered, and can't comment on patches for other colors. The hole on my jacket was tiny, but I knew trying to sew it would only make it worse. The small size patch covered it perfectly and is so inconspicuous that I have to look hard to see it. Although this kit originated in England, it arrived in just a few days. I felt lucky to find it.
Not easy but good fun. Don't give up.
Lightweight. Comfortable and compact. Exactly what I needed for when I go camping.
Great bang for your buck! I hate to say this but there are too many options. Overall, very pleased
It was great and easy to do
These batteries always work great and I have been re-ordering them for sometime. I use them in my timed tea light candles. I've yet to have a faulty one and they last around 4-5 weeks using the candles daily for about 4 hours. I love knowing I can rely on these batteries, they arrive in a timely manner and I can feel this seller has my "battery" back!
Ease of ordering and installation.
We suspended it on a central tent pole and dimmed it to the desired level of light. Last time, for fun, we cut the bottom out of the gallon kettle (just enough for the lantern), placed it on the table, and created a lovely ambient light in our sheltered tent. Leds last forever, and we've never replaced the batteries, which we've used intermittently for years. Definitely a good value for money product.
These are delicious! They don't taste healthy, because they are so good.
This is my favorite face wash. I was excited to find it on Amazon Prime! Price is comparable to stores.
It is what I wanted. Comfortable and light weight that were two very important things I was looking for.
Fits perfect, has great texture, and is light weight.
It has different trucks that kids can play and learn
I know you could pay a lot more, but why should you? The only reason might be if you are using the taillight for day time exposure. Works, but you might need another light for this purpose.
Great fit, well made, and have held up well after much use!
This works great. It has a lot of suction and easy to move around.
Delivery is fast. The seller is responsive. The description of the product corresponds. The charge is well preserved.
They work great. I should have open the box a lot sooner because I found one that was damage but I was able to reconstruct it so it works good.
Perfect to store your memory cards in to protect them from damage. Case takes the abuse I put it though for my trail camera SD Cards
I'll keep it short....this multitool is perfect! I like everything about it. I now carry it every day... perfect!!!!!
Were used to using a trash bag hung up on something. This is way better. At night i just untuck the bag and zip it up to prevent animals from snacking
hubby Has been looking for good quality sandpaper for his work cleaning and checking pipes and back flow. He got this to try and was pleasantly surprised on how good this is. The texture is good but really grinds and removes dirt. One piece last a long time so it's worth the money.
My daughter collects these. Loves them!!
The patches seem to work well as long as the directions are followed---high heat on the iron, no steam.
This is my first solder station - previously I just used a cheapie soldering iron - and this makes my soldering life a lot easier. If for no other reason I don't have to worry about burning the table anymore.
It starts off easy and gets more challenging as you go.
Beautiful embroidery! My granddaughter loves having her name on her bag
This is my daily knife. Small, but useful and a good conversation piece. Case makes a variety of wonderful knives but this one stands out. Leather cover is great quality and a nice light brown color.
Product is great but delivery was a box with a wet bottom do to shifter contents leaking into the box. Luckily other products were not damaged.
Fun way to pass the time with a challenge.
I got them 4 a kid in cali, he is saving them to c if they go up in value?
This is my second hoverboard and it works very well! Shipping is fast and it arrived with delicate package. And it looks pretty in my opinion. The design is simple and elegant. Turn it on and the LED light around the hoverboard shows shining lights. Just need to lean forward or backward to control the hoverboard, and it goes very smoothly. LOVE IT!
We were going to rma our inspire but, ordered this before that or ordering a new Fitbit. Low and behold the extra length and stronger magnetic field helped breath life into unit. Best purchase this year. Saved me a hassle or 90 bucks.
Perfect swr out of box. Great quality
For what I would spend on a can of Monster, this was a great change! It tastes just like the white can, Zero Ultra, which is one of my favorites. Not sure about the energy, caffeine and such don't effect me like most people.
Good product. Does the job.
As described, No problem.
I have several of these. I ordered different colors to build separate pallets for different brands of paint and used a piece of brown packing tape and a sharpie to mark the paint brands on each tin. This helps me keep track and I can grab what I need for each project I work on.
Very good book I used it this weekend to identify several pieces of wood.
I absolutely love these gloves I purchased two pairs, one for myself and one for my friend, for our snowboarding trip and they were perfect for texting on the lift! We used them as liners under our heavy gloves and they were great!
Clint Eastwood, enough said.
It is very portable. I use it in campus, it looks pretty cool
My 2 year old grand daughter LOVES this CD. Perfect for car rides and dancing when in the house. Love to see her light up when the music starts and she knows most of the songs. Exactly what I was looked no for - very pleased. P.S. love the British accent!
Only 2 available and I needed 8 so found more at Walmart.com cheaper and with free shipping...Coleman really needs to make so they last longer...jugs are fine but spigots break easy!
Amazing. Highly recommend.
I often lose my phone and can trigger an alarm with a long press on the finder to find my phone. This will be of great use to me in the future and I am less worried about not finding my cell phone again.
Haven't had time to put up. But great price.
Just purchased this hose and it is great! Easy to use, easy to install and it is hassle free.
My daughter loves this gum.
I bought these for my new area rug, to keep it clean, when company comes over!
I read many reviews and was leary about trying them out. Much to my surprise, they worked well and didn't bend or break. It does take some patience getting the tangs into proper position on some of the tight stubborn connectors, but once properly inserted the wires came right out. AI am proud to add them to my PC toolbox. I only wish they had a vinyl or other material pouch to store them in. The packaging is actually nice, but would take up too much space in my oversized fishing tackle box I bought for my computer tools and accessories. All in all, I am very pleased with the product.
I'm now up to 4 of them, in case I wake up late and need to charge sporadically. One in the bathroom, one at work, one with the travel stuff, and one in the truck. It always just charges unlike the original one and it doesn't care if you accidentally plug it into a oneplus rapid charger and burn out, like my original one did. I swear I'm not a shill and I don't encourage you to buy 2 2-packs but I would definitely recommend this to anyone who asked. FYI I have had 2 of these for almost a year now.
Helped with my dry scalp and itchiness
Lovely set of wrenches for a great price.
Are use these to drill about 300 holes in my sprinter van to place rivnuts for attaching our l track and paneling. They are so much safer than using traditional bit because you don't run the risk of punching through too hard.
Love them! Gives the remote a bit more of a quality feel. Also much easier to find the remotes!
Beautiful and very sturdy lots of sparkle too!
For my friend's birthday! Easy to get and easy to use!
Beautiful piece, well made, perfect
Very nice product for repairing my door for my vintage car.
Framed for home office
He used it this weekend. The magnets are very strong. Kept him moving forward with assembly rather than looking for that screw he put where?
A quick way to show someone your thanks, or that you care.
A beautiful song to remind me that I am a child of God and that Jesus has set me free.
Nothing to dislike. I will be getting more of them!
Fits well, and is comfortable. Keeps a good mask seal as well.
This smart plug has made my life so much easier. Hated to get out of bed to switch off the big lamp before sleep, now I can do it just in bed. Great product, would love to get more to update my home to smart home.
Excellent build quality; tips meet perfectly and are fully squared to each other; does precisely what it's designed to with ease: manipulate coils into position, allow strumming of hot coils to eliminate hot spots, compression of loops and moving of coil while it's glowing hot; also lets you easily maneuver and tuck the ends of your wick(s) precisely into your RDA body. Well recommended.
I've now bought four of these for three different areas of my house that needed organization -- drip irrigation and PVC parts for a gardening/watering area behind house, on top of my business work bench to organize small video camera parts, chargers and more, and 2 under my house on top of my catch-all screw/bolt/zip tie/small things organizational part of home shop. The bins are deep enough to be able to hold longer things, and since they're supported by metal shelves (with front lip to stop them on their angle), it's easy to toss little pieces in while sorting things or pull out the bin to access what's inside. If you're in need a decent quality bin/rack for household use, this is a good buy at a very reasonable price. Thanks!
got this because I have family members in this movie as extra's especially my uncle who plays the fiddle in this movie at the barn dance.
Little short in the sleeves but I've been told I have monkey arms
Awesome little balance bike, light weight, but well built. Grand daughter should love it.
Bought these for my boyfriend and his sons. BF loves them and wore them on cold days to keep his hands warm. The versatility of opening the fingers is great.
Purchased it as a Christmas gift for our 6 year old daughter. She loved it!
I order it religiously.
Just received this stud finder and put it to use immediately. To me the most important function was deep scan. I have sheet rock over plaster in some areas and this finder worked extremely well in locating studs and live AC. It was simple to set up and use, instructions were clear. I cannot speak for durability since I have only just begun to use it. But it is far superior to others I have used at the same price level in the past.
Graphics were fun. Love mysteries.
Very pleased with purchase!
Fits my child and left s his head breath
Sent to my grandaughter in the military and it is a nice quality picture.
Nice cheap rechargeable headlamps. Even if they last only a month, it's still a lot cheaper (and same quality) than the battery operated ones. Would buy again.
Helmets are needed in ALL families. I bought this one for my daughter, who is a grandmother of 12 grandchildren who gather at her house. She has a child friendly back yard and cement pad, with all kinds of things to ride and play on
Great loud whistles - we use them to scare away coyotes.
Gift item...was loved
they are very well caring for the reputation waiting for the replacement hoping all will be good. for the support of such actions i changed my rating to 5 stars and will wait till i receive again the replacement so that i can rate the performance.
Love this product! Drinking more water...cucumber mint is my favorite!
To keep my mind working well.
They are extremely comfortable. It has eight wheels which illuminate and the kids would love them. They flash really bright in the dark and look very attractive. Highly recommended
Excellent value, I have purchased several of their router bits and found them satisfactory at a very competitive price.
This song is boss and you should buy it and blast it in your house with your cat while eating popcorn because why not??????
Very nice much sharp knifes
LOVE THIS WORD GAME !! KEEP IT UP !!!! MAKES YOU STOP AND THINK ABOUT WHAT SOME OF THESE WORDS ARE. YOU REALLY HAVE TO USE YOUR BRAIN FOR SOME !!!!
I bought it for fishing at night. It is bright.
Leaves your hair silky smooth
Beautiful brushes. Nice quality hair in the fan brushes and binding. They aren't falling apart. They have a good handle. Good value for cost. Good mid road quality. I would buy again.
As described, good quality.
Nice set of survival tools. Came in nice sealed case. I keep in the car just in case.
One of the greatest fantasy films ever made. The Jim Henson Company created one of the most ambitious films of all time with this amazing film cast entirely with puppets as the main cast. It is the crowning achievement of the Henson group and has never been equaled.
Well see how long it last
Purchased for my strike team bag for fire assignments, so far happy with it after one season.
my son love this dvd player. The screen is bigger and the screen can be turned around. The picture is very clear. It's no problem to watch a couple of movies on battery power. He was very happy with this purchased!
Exactly as described.
This is the best quality I've seen the movie in ever! Previously I've had it on VHS and DVD but this bluray remaster is amazing!
I love Kenny Chesney's music and try to download the singles that I like. This is one of my favorites
We spent a week in the Boundary Waters and needed hats for protection from rain, sun and bugs. I was extremely happy we purchased these hats - 3 of them - also glad they had chin ties cause we also had a couple of windy days! I'm not sunburned or eaten alive!
Does exactly what it says on the tin - I am very happy with it. Really happy with this product.
Can't beat the price and these lights might not look durable in fact on photo they appear cheap but I was wrong, they are very durable, has weight to it which shows quality workmanship. I bought two pairs, one for my bike and my kids bike. I'm only using these for daylight riding so we can be seen. Safety first!!!
Gave as a gift for one of my top performing team members on my team!
Took it on vacation--held my wallet, sunglasses, jacket, snacks, and water.
Works great we use it for blowing up our pool toys and our tubes for the lake works great inflate stuff very fast
I bought this when I could not find the item locally. It tastes great and so happy it has NO sugar or artificial sweeteners! I only buy this now for all my jam.
Work great and good quality
Good sampling of this phenomenal artist's repertoire.
As a runner with sensitive skin- I can't live without body glide. I almost never leave the house without putting it on somewhere. It is especially great for the summer when wearing dresses.
Great debut album... You can let the whole album play without skipping a song. He can rap dope rhymes & have a message behind the music.