They start off working well but eventually the microphone stops working and the ear pieces electrocute you no matter the volume your phone is on.
This does not work for an iPhone 8.
This case initially looked great. It was clear and sturdy. Fast forward a few months and it has taken on an ugly brown discoloration. It isn't just that it's dirty. Its as though the thermoplastic has spoiled and reacted to the air. I'd return it if it was still within the return window but unfortunately I don't still have that option. Very disappointed.
The antenna just get signal for like two channels and the picture quality was poor.
It was too small for my headphones.
DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. NO SOUND COMES OUT OF BOTH HEADPHONE JACKS. ONLY ONE AT A TIME!
You may or may not get a good batch. I thought it was my desktop, maybe program out of date. Not the case, I installed software on laptop same issue, ran updates, same issues. Went back to desktop, no difference. Some work some don't, it has to do with the discs. Not worth buying. It's not any of my hardware or software. I have made many copies of discs from cd's to dvd's. Have not come across this in the past.
They worked great for the first 30 days... then died and wouldn't even turn on. Was literally 1 day outside of the return window. When they did work, they sounded great.
I had it on PC mode, and the adapter was like bugged. For example, the buttons wouldnt be touched at all on the gamecube controller, but on the PC it was reading it as all the buttons were being touched at the same time. And it's not my gamecube controllers doing that because when I used it on my wii, my gamecube controller works perfectly fine. Don't buy this adapter for PC.
This battery with 4.5 stars. But it doesn't work, not charging at all. Laptop has black screen with battery icon for hours. Do not by this battery with fake reviews
This clock is not durable- it is like a toy & it is not user easy- I do not understand what it is doing- setting it was like a guessing game.
Broke after first two uses. Definitely not worth it
Product did not work, it chewed up my tapes, it was cheaply made, it did not transfer anything to the flash drives (I tried with a couple) I was so hopeful to be able to copy my old tapes to mp3. It's like the saying too good to be true. I hope they improve the product and actually make it work as advertised. If they made it work I'd gladly purchase again even at a higher price.
This product sucked and did not work properly. It had awful static and since using it my phone is broken and I cant hear people talking and they can't hear me.
The cover was used, scratched and dirty.
Don't buy. One of the cables quit working after one day.
Don't waste your hard earned money. It doesn't work. The thing came with a cable to connect the AUX connection only, which did not work. It had connections for digital and usb connections, so I ordered digital and usb cables. It still doesn't work. The only thing that works is an LED light.
The headset stopped working after six months.
The battery died will not change
The chord either was defective or not compatible with our PC and monitor. There is little help provided from the manufacturer
One of these works fine, the other will not be recognized by my phone.
Not sure if it was just mine, but my picture is not clear at all.
The connection on the left headphone doesn't work.
I never even received the candles. Poor service. The rating is zero.
It is not consistent at all. I have a Samsung S10 and it seems to charge for a few minutes and then the indicator light starts to blink. Then it changes for a minute or two and it does the same thing. It never really changes the phone properly. I'm glad I have a different one now.
Didn't last long about a month?ALL Zippers broke within days and dark stains on the outside out of know where not very good quality at all
These batteries have the incorrect circuitry to charge with Milwaukee chargers. The batteries themselves may be fine, but good luck charging on a Milwaukee brand charger. Since day 1, I have to insert the battery roughly 20 times in and out of the charger before they start charging. If anyone knows of an aftermarket charger or a way to rewire the Milwaukee charger, I'd love to hear about it. Currently looking for dead Milwaukee batteries to pull the circuitry and maybe fix these.
Recieved this battery as pictured. Contacted seller but will not reply.
The Seller “Save Right” sent me a watch that appeared to have already been opened and returned... the box was damaged and looked old. I wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt so tried to charge it but it soon became clear the watch had previously been returned because it doesn't work! Make sure you're buying from a reputable seller! This one stinks!
The product worked one time and will not work or charge now I'm very unhappy about it
We could not get these to work with our TV. They would only work for radio reception.
I never received my item.
I know it's tough, but do spend $20+ more on a better battery that will charge; hunt eBay if need be. Don't waste your time with trying to use that stupid warranty, by that time you have paid to ship it to them, most likely, and they sent it back, you won't be able to send it back to Amazon.
No work for my apple device
Complete waste of money. Problems with sound within 4 weeks of purchase.
Does not perform as advertised. Cannot run even 250w max charger.
Erratic operation. Works, doesn't work, works one side or the other. Trashed.
This product was a waste of my money, battery life was okay the first month then no good. The pairing of device was not so easy, staying connected to phone is not as good either!!!
It would not stay attached to the tv, the next day, it was hanging off of the tv. I had to use take to hold it which is not what I was expected.
the box does not show that it is compatible with Samsung and I could not get it to work
Are those real bluetooth ? I just received one and I have to plug in to my phone in order to connect bluetooth. if it has bluetooth connection, why I have to plug it in to my phone all the time to stay connect? If I have to plug it in to my phone, what is different from regular earphone? As there is no Q & A to ask a question to the seller, i have to put a equation here. To Seller: can you response my question ASAP?
The bluetooth is defective on the unit we received.
Item arrived tangled and defective. I couldn't get pass the untangling, so I will be returning this product unfortunately.
Literally broke and does not work - if anything shows up in a horrible tint. I want a refund but can't get in contact with them
If you order an Ocean Blue speaker and care that it's actually Ocean Blue, do not order through Amazon. Amazon will send you the regular Blue speaker at least three times in 30 days after customer support people place new orders for you with manual instructions specifically highlighting the color selection. The second and third regular blue speakers also arrived scuffed. Come on, Amazon. I recommend Walmart.
Purchased in January 2018 and it is already broken (April 2018). No longer charges and no longer turns on. I will be returning for a refund.
This watch looks like toy watch!! The quality is very bad. The solutions is very low and the screen is hard to touch. It's very disappointed to me. I can't buy it again!
Only one of the charger slots worked when I got it, the front one works but the back one doesn't. Not worth the money.
Stopped fast charging my phone literally one day after the return window closed.
I bought a set that had 2-3 ft, 2-6 ft and 1-10 ft cords. What I received was 2-3 ft, and 3 - 6 ft cords. I was looking forward to the 1 - 10 ft cord to use in my bedroom so my husband could charge his phone when he needed. Now, I do not have it. The other cords all charge, but I still do not have the 10 ft cord.
It would be good if not for an annoying problem with the volume As other reviewer note the volume goes from low to high abruptly, sometimes I have to put it very low because if try to raise it turns it very loud So I guess there's a problem with quality control somehow Better avoid the radio and look other alternative
Fake batteries don't buy them!
My unit broke after the first use
Requested a return twice, still no response.
If I could give it zero stars I would. DOESN'T WORK
Stopped working after 3 months
One of them has a short in the headset and now they won't charge
i saw zero improvements
The charge lasted 20 seconds after a day of charging. I suspect I had a defective unit. Returned.
Never received my product but my money was taken
The sound quality of these wireless earbuds is excellent- the reason for my purchase. Unfortunately, they stopped working after 6 months of light use (occasional in home use- 1-2 hours per week, kept in case). Obviously disappointed. Cannot recommend.
These will not hold a charge. Save your money for something better.
Sound quality is alright--for about 5 minutes; the headphones volume cuts in half within a few minutes of using, to the point your music is nearly inaudible in a room with ANY noise in it. This is from a FULL battery, mind you. I looked through reviews and didn't see this point, so I'm thinking I may have gotten a defective unit that can't deliver proper voltage from the battery during usage. In any case, I'm very disappointed with my purchase.
The cable that I received does not work.
It works only few minutes. It is useless. I wonder how I can return. Who charge delivery for return???
I receive the powerstrip and when moving it around I heard something rattling around inside. Upon opening it I found one of the clips for the brackets holding the power wires in place floating around inside. I do not trust this product to hold the live AC wires in place and not short each other.
Sound decent, but after two months the left side stopped working.
I tried this in multiple positions on two TVs. ONCE it located 27 channels of the 118 that are available here; the other times it registered NOTHING! The rabbit ears were better!
I bought two of these alarm clocks for my sons' bedrooms. Like other reviews, these clocks do not keep accurate time in either room. The only purpose they serve at this point is to charge their cell phones overnight. This product is a waste of money and I highly discourage consumers to purchase it.
They look nice, but honestly, the connection is faulty. I use it with my iphone and the connection tend to be faulty. Disappointed :-(
Can't get a return or replacement and received an electric shaver foil instead of two phone chargers
I love Amazon. I love Ultimate Ears. Have had other UE speakers and loved the Mega Boom. When I saw UE was making an Alexa enabled speaker I was sold. First use it disconnected for no reason and no matter what wouldn't reconnect. Unlike other UE speakers, cannot turn off the startup and power down sounds. Nasty buzz, static, hiss, bacon sizzle all the time. Speaks to the quality of the electronics (or lack thereof) that such static is so bad that it is audible with music playing. I almost think I received a counterfeit product it is so bad. All of this is AFTER a software update on a brand new product. Will return immediately! Run!
Since I badly need the 4:3 ratio for FPV flying, I will keep this unit. However, the USB power supply failed after second time I inserted it. Total junk design. However, opening up the unit, the connections for the supply are pretty obvious, and I think I can fix it. If you are not good at soldering iron, stay away from this equipment like hell, there is no way it would last longer than a couple of days, and there is a clear manufacturing failure. As far as quality (video) is concerned, it seemed to be OK, I have not noticed any major problems during the half-hour I was able to test out the unit. Quality is good, 4:3, 16:9 switchable, as advertized.
The product looks so different from the picture. The product looks so cheap. I had to return.
Worked great for one week. Then nothing...crickets. Won't even turn on
As the title says. Mine arrived damaged. Just picked it up from an Amazon locker a couple of minutes ago. I'll be returning it for a refund. I might reorder. I got to see the item first hand and it feels squishy and lightweight. The strap is stretchy. For the price, I think it's worth it. I just got dealt a bad hand. Good luck.
Cable no longer worked after 1 week of use
The USB Charging Cable is defective 😡.
I only got to use it once. Plugged into USB port but still dead.
Since I wrote the review following I have had nothing but troble. Phone keeps switching to Emergency Calls Only. Have taken it to my carrier 3 times and had the sim card replaced. Want to return this phone. Phone works well. My first smart phone and am still finding how things work. Charger that comes with it is for Europe and the promised adaptor did not come with it.
The antenna is connected to two TV's one upstairs in the bedroom and one downstairs in the living room and both are "smart" TV's. Upstairs we get several channels with good picture quality; however, in the living room where we watch TV the most we only get two channels. We have repositioned the antenna several times with no change which is very frustrating. I sent an email to the company about my problem and after a week I still haven't had a response which isn't good customer service. ALSO, when we were running the supplied cable through the ceiling it pulled apart so we ended up using the existing cable we were using for my old bulky antenna which pulled in all the local channels. It's very disappointing that the new antenna doesn't pull in all the local channels where we sit to watch TV.
The instructions were written by someone who can't speak English. I was eventually able to figure out how to set the clock and alarm, but I haven't been able to use the other features. I'm going to try Googling.
Upon first use, the part that attaches to a headphone jack broke off, and then my phone wouldn't charge through the other port either. What a waste of money!
Plugged my earbuds into the adapter and it didn't play through the earbuds at all. Plugged it in and tried again but it did not work at all.
It is the shortest length of a chord I have ever seen. It's not useable.
It doesn't work with plug in Wi-Fi like a jet pack
Don't buy!! This thing is always dead. I charge it and it works, then turn it off, the next time I go to use it, it's dead and doesn't turn on until another charging. Piece of junk, how does it die when the thing is off??!!
All these adapter are junk and unusable. They create hissing and popping. Horrible quality. The only good thing is when I asked for a refund and they wasted in refunding my money and I did not need to return them. They all went in the trash.
They have different sizes listed for this projector stand the shortest one is too short to use
This is a 50" tv not a 55" I contacted seller and they offered me $40.00 off. $40.00 off is a joke on 5" different size TV. They know they have listed it wrong but still haven't changed their description. Customer service is horrible.
Definitely NOT noise canceling. The bud part is so big it barely fits in my ear and I've never had the problem with any other headphones.
The headphones broke after not even a week of using them.
went up in smoke first use.
Lasted less than 3 months
The product does not work with iPhones at all.
I used them one time and pulled them out of my phone and wire went everywhere and now they do not work. Biggest waste of money and would cost me more to send back.
I ordered 50, but only received a case of 25.
Does not work amazon needs to remove this product!!!!!
Does not work. Very disappointed. Tried to return. Gave me wrong return label. Still sitting there.
It was fantastic until it broke. And it broke within TWO WEEKS of my purchase for no reason. It charged really well and you could listen to wired headphones with it, but it's not worth it if it just breaks. DON'T BUY THIS.
Lasted a month. Just bite the bullet and get a genuine Mac charger.
Battery does not last long enough to watch a full feature movie.
Noise cancellation is terrible. If you are doing any activity you can hear all the background noise. They are however comfortable in the ears and come wuth different sizes to fit. The sound is quite good and so is the bass as long as you arent doing anything loud
Bought it in January broke in March.
Wireless charger is a nice idea but didn't work for me. Plugged it in put the phone on and didn't do anything.
won't hold a charge for more then 10 hours
Splits line to allow charging and headset. Headset does not work as phone mic/headset
Not Working with in 3 months.
Piece of crap, won't stay plugged in to the tablet. Keeps falling out. Headed to Wal-Mart, half the price
Simply useless if you are not in a mayor city with 4G. Even outside of the LA area it started to disconnect. The subscription is very expensive 34.99 or more. It took me several tries to cancel my subscription, I had to call the credit card company to invalidate the charges after several expensive international calls. Their 800 numbers not valid outside the US
These are terrible... I really should have taken more time to read about these. I would have realized I'm not the only one who has this problem. The two ear buds are separate Bluetooth devices so many complaints were only one earbuds.working at a time.... They give you directions how to fix the problem, but I have done this repeatedly and it does not work... My phone will only play on 1 ear bud at a time. Definitely going to ask for a refund
The charge is a trash! It's doesn't work for any charge! I just chuck this charge to garbage~
Piece of junk worked once. Left ear bud wont power on. Right wont work without i
Received package unopened and empty do not order totally a scam would rate at 0 stars or even negative if possible
I never received them
It does not secure to your ear once you start sweating in the gym or especially running. Do not buy this garbage.
After a week the headphones stopped working, not a good quality
Does not work and seller did not contact me back, very disatisfied
Worked great for a couple months, then couldn't hold a charge for more than a few seconds.
This product didn't work. Very disappointed for $12
wasn't as advertised
The buttons stick. Doesn't work much of the time. "Made in China" sticker on it. Throw it out and buy original.
Didn't even last a few weeks before breaking. Terrible. Do not buy.
It won't work after a week
Opened the case and pulled the rubber ear piece off to change it out, slipped the new rubber piece on and it just disintegrated. Even better, one of the wires on the inside is disconnected, so can't even put it back together!
Bought this in September, died in November. Don't ya think it should have lasted longer. I will not purchase this brand again. The return date for this item ended in October so I have a paperweight.
It quite working a week after I got it so no I'm not happy with the company
I bought these cords a mere few months ago and all of them no longer work. The cords frayed or fell apart and they all stopped charging for no reason I could see. This product blows!
I bought eight batteries. I followed the instructions and installed them into my 5 solar garden lights at dusk so they could discharge overnight and recharge the next day. They worked well the first night and the next. Then two of them stopped working. In replacing them, I found a third one didn't work. Finally I got all five lights back on, but now they only stay on till about 1 or 2 am. Live and learn I guess.
The item arrived broken
Unable to rate headphones as the package arrived empty. Turns out the plastic bag envelope they used wasn't sealed at the top. Got a refund and plan to try again but may just go to a store as amazon has been less reliable these days.
Both pairs broke within 3 months of normal use.
This product is a fake. I have 300mbps internet speeds, once I used this, I was hard capped at 100mbps. I returned this and bought the old round style cat 7 and it worked perfectly. Do not buy flat or thin cables like this. ZERO stars. I had to choose 1 star to submit this review.
didnt work after three weeks you get what you pay for
Watch charger already quit working.
I ordered these travel plugs for my trip to Italy. Luckily I took both the 2 and 3 prong plugs. One plug lasted for only one charge and then died. Good for me the other plug worked the rest of the trip. I would not recommend this product.
It stopped working today.
Poor quality waste of money.. It only lasted a week. Don't waste your money.
Broke within a month do not buy
Sadly, I thought this object would connect antennae to server and TV. However all the receptors on the object are of the female persuasion. I need a male (never thought I'd say that again!)
wanted to use this in the office. After a month of using the radio, it stopped charging. Cheap piece of junk. I threw it away.
These are ok for quiet situations but they are absolutely useless on motorcycles. I can hear nothing. Don't waste your money.
Bought this for a product that I ended up returning, and this protection plan was supposed to be refunded as well. That was back in 2017; and I just saw in my order history that they never refunded the money for it. I only saw this one because I was on here to write a review about their vacuum scam coverage, which I paid $30 for and they gave me the full waste of time runaround and refused to fix a $25 part that was WITHIN THE COVERAGE PERIOD!
This is how this package was left outside my building. Not in a box or a bag or even taped up. Luckily I was home early and it wasn't stolen. But seriously, not even taped, just the address label stuck on the box. Very disappointed. Unfortunately I need this for a gift otherwise would be returning.
Does not work anymore.
When I got it, it was broken 😔 I was really excited to use it.
Bulb worked fine for 5 months, then exploded. Unfortunately they won't send a replacement.
Doesn't work with the Google Pixel 2 XL
This was not the product in the box!!
I have had this battery for less than a year and it is now worst than the five year old battery i replaced. It discharges even when plugged into power.
not sure what happened but charged it up put in drill and then the drill started smoking
It was horrible. It kept ringing even after the call was answered. Fair amount of static. It's being returned for sure.
Does not work. Still have to keep my laptop plugged in to operate.
Top latch doesn't lock phone into holster. Plastic seems to be flimsy compared to original Otterbox holster. Returning for refund.
DID NOT COME WITH PHOTO CORNERS
Never arrived, but money was refunded.
garbage!! made out of some kind of cheap aluminum.. im an 18 year certified mechanic.. this tool broke on the first use... a tooth broke off and it didnt even fit the oil filter housing like it should
I ordered this product in rose gold, and received it in silver
Doesn't work after 2 months
Does not work, bought two and regret purchase. DO NOT BUY
Not what I wanted, but returning more hassle than its worth
It says it work's on the lg g7 thinQ and it does not!! When i plug it in my phone it just falls out its way to loose!! And even when i hold it in it doesn't do anything so i would say if you are trying to buy this for an lg g7 thinQ then don't waste your time....
How can this product have anything above 1 star? It doesn't work at all. I'm using a note 10+ and no sound comes out from this it plays straight through the phone speakers. Complete garbage!
THESE EARBUDS STOPPED WORKING WITHIN THE FIRST 3 MONTHS OF ME PURCHASING THEM. I ENDED UP PUTTING THEM IN MY DESK DRAWER AND BUYING ANOTHER PAIR FROM ANOTHER COMPANY.
Purchased these batteries for my Arlo cameras. Immediately after install, battery levels showed 92% in one camera and 45% in the other two.
The ports for the lightening plug are too small! No matter how hard I tried I couldn't force my headphones to plug into this. Ended up throwing it out.
Once you drop your phone the top or bottom breaks right off, lasted about a month, better off buying a case that's one piece
Will only charge phone if placed sideways and shoved all the way into the watch charger where you can place the watch. Can't charge phone standing up. If phone shifts the smallest amount phone doesn't charge overnight. Do not waste your money!
I ordered these SPECIFICALLY because I needed a connector that would work with the larger gauge CAT 6 wire. They are not CAT 6. They are CAT 5, which I already own. Others have had the same experience, which leads me to believe that the seller/manufacturer has their head in the sand regarding this issue. I would advise purchasing another brand for your true CAT 6 needs.
They were a good pair until they died a month later. You get what you pay for.
Item very cheaply made and did not work or turn on when it arrived new.
Soundbar had very low volume capacity with no bass at all. In fact, when turned to full volume and the tv at low volume it couldn't be heard at all. no use at all for a stand alone sound system
Lasted for less than 60 days and can't return. Do not buy.
Frankly all other reviews are paid, fake reviews ! Cheap chinese product not worth more than a dollar ! This is one of the worst bluetooth headset ever tried. Also it is very uncomfortable on the ears. Stay away from it like a plague. It is not worth even a dollar !
In the item description, it says "low latency," but in the product description it says "none" latency (that's how they spelled it). Well, if it were actually low latency, which I was hoping for at the very least, I would've liked the product very much. However, the latency is just as bad as any other general bluetooth speaker available. It's a lie, don't fall for it. Especially if you're into audio production that requires an accurate output signal.
Great sound however broke very easily I sat them on the table and the white part that goes in your ear fell off
Not it did not work. I need help connecting with TV
don't waste your money, buttons are too small, barely see the numbers from across the room.
Nothing much to say. Sound quality was ok. Bass was a bit weak. One of the buds broke out in less than 2 months. It started to sound significantly less without a reason.
barely any bass turned up
Ordered a 15ft cable and received a 6ft.
I bought this radio because it was advertised that it came equipped with a twin ferrite antenna to give great radio station reception and that the sound quality was great. Neither proved to be true.
These are trash. Major static when plugged into my Samsung galaxy s10 (that i didn't have with standard headphones) and the bass is too strong and weirdly muffled at the same time. Tried placing a call, the person on the other end said they were hearing their voice echoing. Returning.
One earbud Broke after 2 uses. No sound.
Literally came in 4 days ago and one of the ear buds is broke. I really like this brand too. Bought them before and they were great. Decided to buy a new set because in lost the other ones. I was expecting the same quality when I got these. I haven't done anything to break them. Just put them on for the first time and find one of the ear buds is broke
Only worked for three months. Bulb burnt out already
I guess I mis-understood that this would be a battery back-up for an outlet for a night light or alarm clock. It does nothing, nada, zip zilch. Perhaps it functions as a surge protector, but I doubt it. Why the allegations of battery backup?
This sub sucks don't buy it
Some reason both of the clocks run fast. I keep resetting them and within about 2 months they are 5 minutes off time.
Get the Otium Bluetooth headphones. I mistakenly bought these thinking they were the same because they look identical but they were not the same. Bluetooth connection would break up periodically. Sound was average and they broke in half when I pulled them out of my gym bag. Poor overall quality.
I had my hopes up for my iPhone 7 plus to be sent a 7 instead..I have big head an a 7 looks like a small remote to a tv..Highly disappointed..Misleading purchase items and send the opposite as if Its ok
These headphones were just what we expected. Decent quality for the price, good sound and comfortable. The problem was that at about 4 weeks they started to have static in one ear. Then within the 2 weeks from that they stopped working completely. Just outside the one month window to return them. Very disappointing... Wondering if the service would have been better if bought in the store...
I read the mixed reviews prior to purchasing, but thought I'd give it a try. I charged it, and it died!! Didn't get a chance to do anything with it. And, just as one of the reviews stated, I was not able to turn it off....so I returned it immediately.
The item died after a year bought two of these one is still working the other is not, believe this is a quality control issue as the one that is still working has had a lot of business travel associated with it. I cannot recommend this product as it should last more than a year.
These headphones broke two days after getting them, I was carful with them and treated them properly but one of the headphone wires detached. Not happy.
Simply put, out of the box it did not work, totally defective. Excuse me, the clock works and the CD door opens and closes continually. It just keeps opening and closing on its own, and does not play any CDs. What a waste of time and money. I should have checked its playability before I jerry-rigged the bottom of my cabinet so it would fit. The bottom of my cabinets are recessed. So I did all that work for nothing..
Unable to connect wirelessly with LG OLED HDTV despite multiple attempts and strategies. Unable to update firmware. Absolutely NO SUPPORT. It's no wonder this model has been discontinued.
Nice design, however one earphone has no sound at all. But I like the mouse much.
Don't buy. Pay the extra $10 to get Apple headphones. Complete waste of money.
Used the remote for less than 3 days and a button already fell off. Yes it FELL OFF during literal normal use. Pretty ridiculous. I've also noticed I have to point it directly at the TV or it will not receive the signal, almost like the blaster isn't working correctly. Buy from another seller.
Item arrived broken.
Junk, sorry. Maybe I got a bad one. Threw the box aways assuming it would work, my bad I guess. Micro end of cord doesn't keep contact with unit and won't charge. Won't buy again, I'll find another product.
they don't stay on your head …. THEY ARE CRAP !!
Bought it in January 2018 Was working good but unfortunately in less than 5 months stopped working
It's been about 4.5 months and the left earbud stopped working! I would expect this things to last more than 5 months. It's not like I use this all day; only during my morning/evening commute. Now I need to buy another, but I will definitely not buy this brand again and I DON'T RECOMMEND it.
was not able to return it because the window return was closed!!!
both pair of earphones were defective and did not work properly received a refund very disappointed
Just missed the return window on Jan. 31st. It's Feb 12th. I literally used the record player 3 times since I bought it in November. Now I'm stuck with a defective player. I wouldn't recommend this product. Is there anything I can do to return this?
Ordered two pair. both fell apart in the first two weeks from light to regular use.
This unit not only didn't work- it stopped my home phones from working along with their caller ID. The manual didn't seem to cover the unit, this may be why l couldn't get it to work. At one point we had a message on the unit, we didn't know it was able to take messages. Tried reaching the seller about problems- no answer. We had a first generation Sentry that worked great for years- the 3.0 was junk!!
I got one. It would glitch and randomly fire when I wasn't hitting the trigger. So they sent a replacement. Rapid fire doesnt work at all. Would like to message company but dont know how
Your ear hurts after you wear it
ABSOLUTE piece of crap. Do Not Buy. Not worth the $$'s you'll spend.
I've owned 3 of these over the past 5 / 6 years. Lost one and another went bad at the point where the cable attaches to the headphone. No matter...the sound was just the way I like it and they were fairly rugged so I keep ordering the same model. No More...this last pair went bad almost immediately....with the band almost snapping in two from normal use. It's clear that these are either fake or Beats has started using inferior material.
Did not charge and our Panasonic phones did not recognize as a rechargeable battery . I believe these are fake Panasonic batteries. Or too old. Beware!
The part that bends is weak
My daughter's school requires a headphone. We bought one before school year started and it broke around winter break time (where the chord connects to the headphone). We purchased another one which again broke the same way after another few months. With both purchased, they didn't last the whole school year. Not recommending.
charger worked, headphones did not. Tried multiple pairs, definitely not worth the money to even try.
Maintained the charge until October 2019 , purchased in April 2019 as a replacement battery. The battery is swollen and wont last all day.
If I could rate It zero stars I would! I received a bad product, did not work AT ALL!!! I wasted my money
Doesn't work and has absolutely no volume control. Do not buy. Doesn't come with a guide or anything. Clearly a POS from China.
I searched for 'wake to iPod' alarm clock. Not only does this NOT have that feature, it does not have a radio. It's just a very expensive clock.
It broke and it doesn't connect it's so cheap I wiped my butt with it it's a wast
Cant hear...and the other party cant either
Plastic broke when taking them off my head. 2 days after returns were no longer available. I had to duct tape them so I can wear them. I love them and would have continued to purchase them if they lasted more than a month.
Look good but weak bass, no bass control, app sucks. Big disappointment.
Junk, Junk.Junk,The radio never worked and after 3 weeks I cant turn on the alarm.
Okay so I ordered this a few days ago and upon arrival all looked good. Packaging and item were not damaged (at least visibly). So I plugged into my iPad and immediately noticed that it wouldn't keep an Audio Connection. Whenever sound would stop playing it would drop the audio connection then when sound started playing again it would pick it back up....sometimes in 1 second other times it wouldn't pick up the audio connection again until the sound was done playing. Then I opened multiple GPS apps on my 2018 iPad Pro and while this device is connected NONE OF THEM will Acquire GPS signal. If I unplug the device to get GPS the second I plug it back in I loose GPS signal again. Even if the device isn't mounted on the corner of the iPad. I can have it plugged in and dangling below the iPad and NO GPS! Honestly after these two problems I quit testing it and threw the piece of crap up on the dash of my semi truck. Sadly I no longer have the packaging so I guess I am out some money for the absolute worst product I have ever bought on Amazon!
Morons sent me the wrong model.
I bought a pair of these for my 11 yr old son. They worked fine for about 2 months, then the left ear started going out. He really liked the fit, so I ordered these again for him. Over this past weekend (right at 2 months) the left ear went out again. We have tried the headphones in other devices and it is definitely an issue with the headphones. I won't buy these again and I would caution you to stay away from them as well.
Very disappointed. The sound quality was OK for the price, but the earbuds were dead within six months.
Awful headphone jack does not work, did not pay 13 dollars for a another charging port
These were rods shaped and did not fit any of my 3 earpieces.
We bought this last summer for outdoor movies in the backyard. Worked great initially. However, when I went to use it again just recently (had been in storage end of last summer), it is no longer working. There is no display on the screen. I tried using different cords and cables, but still the same result.
Garbage. Does not work. Do not buy. Should be zero stars.
I do not write reviews often. I bought this to replace the old battery. I tried to charge it and it was good. When it stopped charge I put the battery in my drill. However, when I went to try to use the drill, the battery did not work. I figured it was not fully charged, so I tried again. I left it charging for hours, but it does not hold a charge. Waste of money.
I bought these hoping they'd be cheap but functional. Sadly both broke already. One had problems with the cable and the others joy stick stopped working. I wouldn't recommend this product.
Truly lousy for the price. The sound is low quality and the speakers do NOT work with older computers.
Was so excited about these especially since they look like the real airpods. However, ITS NOT! The sound isnt bad I actually enjoyed listening to music on these. Whats horrible is the battery life and static. Doesn't even last 30 mins before one side battery dies.
Received the battery today, put it in my computer and unfortunately I have an orange battery light that's blinking and the computer shuts down when I unplug it. I have to assume I received a bad battery. The reason I purchased from this seller is because of the ratings, 4.6 out of 5 stars. I'm going to have to return this battery and will probably just bite the bullet and spend $150 on one from Dell. This is very disappointing.
I got this on Saturday and sent it back Monday. After 2 hours of trying different batteries and reading directions to make sure I was doing it right the receiver never turned on. Don't waste your time or money.
Cheap and defective. Too late to return. Oh well, I should have known it was too cheap to be reliable.
I've purchased 3 of these in the past 6 months. Finally learned my lesson when the the last one gave out in less than a week. Don't waste your money.
Worked only a couple of times. Whenever I count on it it fails. Has not worked straight for over a week and it is now.
Didn't want to give this even one star. Got this Monday it is Thursday and it quit working Argh!!!!
The wrong product, not enough detail. Did not fit my computer
Does not cover the top lid of my pods case.
I waited anxiously for these headphones, I had a pair before and I loved them! I received these headphones and was very disappointed to find they didn't have a charger. The sound quality was terrible! The volume level was very low and had no bass. To say I'm disappointed is really an understatement because I feel betrayed by the company for selling such a poor quality product.
I really was excited for these but unfortunately I haven't had but a month, I have only used a few times and one of them is messing up. It's choppy or statistics and then causes the earbuds to shut down and flashes red and blue. Not sure why and they came with little info. I haven't used much because they are pretty thick and don't want to stay in my ears. I read the reviews and was worried this might happen so I bought those ear buddy's to go with. But they only helped some. They still want to fall out. So I have only used a few times while at home. But as of the past week I am having a hard time getting the right one to stay on and work. Every video I played was choppy real annoying to listen to. Not sure if I should buy a replacement one or return looks like I only have till February 11th. I just didnt want to upset hubby by returning they was a gift from him. These would be awesome if just a bit smaller and of course the sound was better in the one that is messing up.
I was looking forward to this lovely case . I just purchased a Nintendo Switch the other day and I thought this would be the perfect accessories kit but i was sadly mistaken the grips keep falling off my joycon its missing thumb grips and a screen protector i am very dissapointed :(
Headphones broke pretty quickly and the charger port came very loose.
Not happy with this product at all.. It does what its supposed to do I guess,but it's only good to be used indoors,if you want to use it while running,be prepared to lose it on the first day! Once you have it on your neck,its too short and the material to slippery so it doesn't stay put at all.. *VERY DISAPPOINTED*
Wasn't clear at all and the battery did not last for long.
The sound quality is very poor, they do not hold charge very long, and they do not stay in my ears. If you have smaller ears I would not buy this product. I would spend a little more money and get a better known brand. I do not believe you need name brand or to pay hundreds for ear buds but there are better brands than this!
Plugged it into my Comcast x1 receiver and the IR side of this cable started to smoke within seconds.
Its already 2 months and i still dont have my order
The batteries work but the charger doesn't.
Charging line did not work. Had to return the item.
I had this case for 2 months and the rubber along the side has started to peel up. It's now not even protected from accidental dropping. I would NEVER buy this product again. I'd return it if I could.
Whenever I put this on my iphone 10 it does not stay connected to charge. I would not recommend this case
We bought two of these.This product. Does not fit 128 disk. The folders are so tight against the edge once you start filling it. It becomes impossible to out disk in towards the back of the case. Will be looking for somwthing decent.
Bought this adapter for the use as advertised, converting RCA input to Toslink/digital output. Unit did not work when received. Converter powers on, red lights on, no output signal. Checked all RCA and digital cables, all fine. Converter Toslink connection port seems bad but I just know the unit does not work.
1 cord failed right out of the package.
Worked great and sounded wonderful for a week and then nothing. No sound.
is bad item .stop work sometime. not as described
Would not recommend buying them. The volume control is faulty and quality is cheap. Guess I should have expected that.
Did not work at all! Sent it back!
This does not work. The lightning plug doesn't even physically fit in properly, and iOS rejects it. Do not buy this, and do not trust this seller.
My Aux cord did not work! Bought an Aux cord from the 99 cent store to replace this one. The one at the 99cent store works perfect.
Received product today and when opening the box noticed everything was just thrown in, no plastic bags or ties for the cords. Automatic red flag as I bought a "new" product. Decided to try them anyway changed out ear cups with some of my own and paired easily however had audio only in one ear. Not sure if I just received a resell or refurbished unit but either way I believe the sound was decent from the one earbud working. Wish I had a working product but return and refund started already. Probably will try a different product as I feel slighted by the seller.
Seems solid. A Haiku: Loose Optical Port Volume knob appeared to work Easily returned Volume control worked for the Headphones when I held the optical cable in "just the right spot." I tried with 2 separate optical cables (with the clear rubber protectors properly removed), both required wiggling to get the audio to work. It was easy to put back in the box. I returned it.
I have tinfoil that does better at tuning in channels
Ordered large got all small, waste of time and money!
Worked fine at first but stopped working after using it for two months.
Horrible. They fell apart first time I used them.
Doesn't work anymore
These earbuds are just ok. They do NOT work 70 Deet away like it said. It's always disconnecting and reconnecting so it interrupts any song or show you are watching. I would spend more to get a better product because this isn't a good product.
Baught it for my husband and it don't work
This unit had performed well for the few times I used it over the past year. I had this unit plugged in to an outlet in my barn and it started a fire. If we hadnt been there to witness it we would have lost the barn and all its contents. We were able to put out the fire with a fire extinguisher.
This is the 2nd pair to die within a year!
I have to press down on the top of the thing for the speaker to work. As soon as I let up on it the sound stops.
arrived late. it's easy to break. 👎
This does not stay charge These are the worst ones I ever bought will do not buy from you again and will tell others not to
Good if you want a dumbell, but that's about it! 1. Unacceptably Heavy as a ROCK 2. Unlike description, incompatible with iPhone jack for listening while charging 3. Spontaneously stops charging! 4. Feels cheap 5. Poorly written instructions. Seriously people, you have the Amazon platform to sell your product on! Can you seriously not afford a proper translator? So dissapointed, returning!
Within first 3 minutes of using my phone has alerted twice that the accessory is not supported. Description specifically says compatable with all IOS products.
These earbuds worked for about an hour - and then one of them stopped. The next day I used them again, and only one worked for about two minutes. Both have now shut down and are unresponsive and refuse to charge. Don't waste your time.
After receiving the order i was excited to use it. Not only did it not charge my phone when plugged in, but it also didn't work with any headphones I tried. Overall waste of money.
Made of cheap plastic and the juul doesn't sit stable on the connector so it must be left still for a continuous charge. Not worth the money at all.
They are cheap for a reason. If you put your phone in your pocket you will lose signal. I use a Samsung S8 so I know it's not the phone.
Everyone was correct when they said this item stinks. It immediately began to lose its charge. Even when I was not using a plug in headphone, it was dying within 15 minutes. I then submitted for a refund or replacement after Amazon claimed they were fixing these products. Now they have canceled my replacement and will not let me return for a refund since it is past due.
Original Yamaha remote, aside from the lack of a battery, like the original. For this price, include the button cell...
Unable to download android apps and google playstore. Display is blurry across the edges. Default color combination is not good to watch sports.
I got the wrong size I received an Xs I have the Xs max.
This remote was AMAZING.... Until it died this week after 1.5 years of use. Trouble shot everything... Still hot working!
After just a few months of night time charging, the Apple watch won't charge. Maybe if the seller sends me a new one for free I'll write a better review.
Speaker does not stay on! It's awful!!! Directed to Amazon customer service in the Philippines. Worst speaker and awful customer service from Amazon!!!
The 3.5 mm audio jack is not working at all
Definitely not worth the money. They overheat and burn my ears very quickly after being turned on, the battery life isn't more than 30 minutes, when trying to watch a show or video the audio is very behind and they have this constant beeping/buzzing noise while they're on that you can still hear over your music.
I have bought two of these. Both only worked for about 2 months then the microphone stopped working. I tried to return them but never got a response from the company and Amazon was no help. I would not recommend buying these. They do not last.
Do NOT buy this. I bought one and loved the overall grip. It broke in two after the fourth fly. I figured it might have just been a lemon and bought another. It broke in two after the 4-5 flies.
It's garbage and doesn't even power on. Was shipped in an ENVELOPE! No care to the electronics at all and now not able to return this piece of crap.
I was so excited to receive my earbuds. The sound quality is great, but the partial charge they came with is all I can use. The case shows full charge but the earbuds won't charge in the case. I'm so disappointed.
i like how long the cord is but only lasted about a month before the connection to the part that plugs into started to have the wires mess up and now you have to hold it a certain way for it to work correctly
I have ordered two of these remotes because the first one lasted only a few weeks. I hoped I had just received a lemon the first time; so, I tried it again and ordered a second one. It too was very poor quality. The buttons stick and fall off. The remote is completely unusable. Save your money and look elsewhere for a remote control.
impossible to setup. P. O .S Tech support . Ignorant people.
Rattled and did not work
Didn't fit my headrest...straps are very short
I bought this product for my mom for a gift. It looked good, however she has not been able to try it due the essential oils missing from the package which says are included. This is very disappointing, especially since this could really benefit her.
doesnt work at all..need to return.
Product arrived promptly, seems to work well, but Bose needs to work with this online retailer to ensure the products sold as 'new' (and at a premium price) are not actually 'open box' products sold as new. Suspicion arose upon opening package, then confirmed when additional earbuds found loose in the box and with prior owner's ear hairs upon them. Shame on the jerk that sent them back like that and ditto on Amazon. Now comes the hassle of printing return form, stopping by UPS, then hoping that next item arrives as new.
I received these different as pictured and would not go above 1920X1080. Returning these.
Does not work with a phone case on the phone.
I bought 2. One for long range,(over 100 miles) and another for 30 mile radius. Opened the long range to see if it worked first. It did not. The front of my house is all window. Very disappointed. Will be sending back
It kept cutting out and introduced a lot of static.
It charges the phone, but no sound from headset jack. Worthless junk. iPhone XR.
They stopped working after a few months. To late to return. Not worth the money do not stand up to durability.
Constant crackling sound. Very irritating. Only Worked for 2 days then stopped. Fully charged, but won't stay on/connect to Bluetooth. Another problem is the right ear piece shorted out when I moved my head. The in and out of the sound made it impossible to sleep. Very distracting.
so terrible. always has a buzzy sound, cant turn off my screen or it'll turn off the music, sometimes doesn't even work, and it does not let you use your microphone
Does not work, keeps telling not supported by iPhone DONT buy
System will not connect to the internet. Spoke to Rep who was unable to help connect the system. Can only see cameras on tv .
note fake reviews. scam product
I purchased this device because I travel a lot and like to connect to hotel TVs with HDMI to work and watch the occasional movie from my laptop computer. Every time I've used it, it will work fine for the first 5 minutes and then the video begins to get blotchy and blurs to a point where the screen is no longer recognizable. I've tried it on 4 different TVs and experienced the same result on each.
Constant issues with maintaining connectivity with Apple Watch Series 3. These are also uncomfortable if you wear glasses.
The charger does not work, the Garmin Drive Smart 51 reacts as if the charging cable is the USB cord and will not function or charge.
Title says it all. The mic suddenly dropped dead
This fried within 2 years, exactly 23 months.
After a month 2 out of 3 quit working. Don't buy these, they are garbage!
Charger broke the day after the return window I used them 3 times
Supposed to be compatible with my phone. My phone did not recognize it,could not charge it. When I contacted customer support I was told to charge it before using it. Useless.
Unfortunately this adapter did not work. I received a replacement and it did not work either. I was hopeful to use it to connect a Bose Sound Dock to an Amazon Dot.
The sound quality was good for what you paid but that really doesn't matter when you can't even listen to an entire song. We could bluetooth a phone to the speakers only to have it play less than 10 seconds and stop playing. The phone and the speakers show connected and the phone shows music playing but no sound comes out. We made numerous attempts with more than one phone and always got the same result. Upon doing a little more research we found a number of reviews where the bluetooth has been an issue with others. Very disappointed.
Bought these for apple iPhones. They are not compatible. Glad I didn't spend too much on them
The motor burned out after 2 weeks. It just stopped working. Wasn't abused, dropped squeezed or anything. Just doesn't work anymore
Neither adapter worked on arrival, when plugged into my iPhone it says “accessory not supported” garbage fake product! DO NOT BUY!
CD player worked ONCE, then never again. had to return and WILL NOT be replacing with another.
Just because you took a high school English class for a semester in China, you are not qualified to translate an app & instructions. The accompanying app is lousy, and the device isn't easy to get connected. Didn't work correctly with my Frigidaire AC. Returned
The item was missing the netting that covers the ear hole. So all of the metal material is exposed while in your ear. This part missing effects the noise cancelation.
Bad product and Service. Fake leather and fell apart after a few uses! Just save for the real thing!
I bought two of these for my kids tablets. The description states it was a replacement charger for the specific tablets but it was not the right charger for the tablet this seller claims it was compatable with. Waste of money. Have to go somewhere else and buy chargers again.
After working great for 2 months, the earphones totally died after a workout. No damage or water exposure.
it did not work at all!!!!!! worthless I sent it back.
The Bluetooth on it didn't work. I also ordered a red one but received a blue one.
Save your money. The sound quality was bad. The battery would only last 2 to 3 hours. Mine only lasted 2 months before the right side wire disconnected from the mic/changing piece.
The battery died after 30 days. It will not charge. It does not work. I HAVE A REQUESTED A REFUND. THE SELLER IS COMPLETELY NON-REPONSIVE. THEY SEND ME EMAILS ASKING ME HOW I LIKE THE BATTERY! I DON'T !! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.!
Was sent the wrong product. Ordered 7inch vinyl sleeves and 12 inch was delivered. Due to the cost it's hardly worth headache of returning, so now I'll have to find somewhere else to order quality sleeves.
I purchased these batteries for my Fossil Hybrid watch and each one has been detected as having less than a 25% charge.
Did not work straight out of the box
I have a Sanyo tv and the remote will not function properly. There were no batteries per the instruction.
Not 5000mAh false description. Tested all ten and average was below 1000mAh
I purchased these a few months back for listening to music while I cycle indoors, replacing a pair of bluetooth wireless earbuds from Soundpeats that lasted 18 months before they finally died. Unfortunately that model is no longer made so I tired the Oontz. They worked for about 20 minutes the first time I used them, despite being fully charged. I charged them again, and the same result - the battery lasted about 20 minutes. Now they won't hold a charge at all and the battery indicator will not turn on while charging.
I like how well made the HDMI cables are. They're very thick and sturdy! The problem is, it doesn't fit the Cable Box I bought it for. Not sure what the problem is, but this is my 3rd attempt at buying HDMI cables from Amazon, and I haven't been able to use any of them!!! The plug fits into my TV just fine. It's the other end that is not compatible with my Cable box. I guess I may just have to go to a store and buy it! Very disappointed that I can't seem to find an HDMI cable that works for me through Amazon!
Received box for ear buds but received no ear buds the box was empty what can we do?
I bought this for my granddaughter and the main draw was the microphone that came with it for her to sing along with her music. She loves to "perform!" Right off the bat, the microphone quit working. Not sure if it's the microphone or actually speaker connection that is broke. The on-line app for it sucks!! Does not make sense to me. Totally dissatisfied with my purchase, and too aggravating trying to send it back. Wish I had invested a little more money and got her something better. Please keep looking if you want something durable.
Gets very hot, has melted a brown mark onto the charger, smells like melting plastic, not using anymore!! Afraid it's going to damage my Mac. DO NOT RISK!
Came in terrible condition, and came with a knockoff cable. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!
Do not BUY after awhile top will not stay on!!!! Waste of money and to say I bought 4 of these. Been trying to contact the seller, no luck. STAY AWAY!!!!
This is a piece of junk; do not buy. For starters, the "instructions" are largely incomprehensible and obviously written by someone who barely commands the English language. The Bluetooth function is spotty at best- several attempts were required before a connection could be achieved- and quit connecting to my headphones altogether after 3 weeks of use. The touchscreen requires at least a half dozen swipes before it will respond to any function. The wristband attachment is an absolute joke in that the button clasp is difficult to secure and then easily pops loose- meaning you lose your device. Spend your money elsewhere.
So far so good. Got it on prime shipping and arrived in 2 days. For 25$ you can't go wrong with these headphones. I go to the gym 4-5 times a week, start with a mile on the elliptical and then an hour of weights using these headphones and they've worked great. When the battery is running low I might get a quick static feedback like the range is too far from my shorts pocket to the headphones on my ear but it's extremely brief. Sound quality and noise isolation is great, with the volume up I can't hear the generic workout radio they have on or much of the weights clinking together. Overall great headphones and would recommend.
Plugged into laptop usb and no response.
This is not officially recognized by Apple meaning it doesn't just plug and go for some reason it will say device not available and shut the music off not worth the time and small amount of money they are charging for something that doesn't work
I never received these. The package I got contained some kind of small car part.
didnt work at all but seller was very nice and refunded without problem
Upon arrival was disappointed at how small it was and when I hooked it up to try to get a station it was very difficult to tune in any thing clear and then when you walked in any direction it would change the volume level. Just a very cheap Poorly made product not worth the money.
I purchased 4 of these for our 2ds xls. None of them will hold the 2ds inside without it constanly falling out. This creates a problem. They are too curvey along the backside to hold the ds properly, and the tabs that are meant to hold the ds do not do the job.
Do not buy this item. It is not compatible with the iPhone X. I purchased the item for my iphone X to use with my Beats headphone. The sound was so low, and every two seconds I'd get a message saying that the item isn't compatible. Don't waste your money.
i was really looking forward to this speaker because of the good price but i knew it was too good to be true. the speaker has a bad sound as if there's water in there !! i know it's not my phone because my whole family tries to connect to it and it sounds the same.
The suction cup didn't even stick to my car and it was a flat surface I didn't give up though I tried in a bumpy area of my car and that didn't work either, tried the AC mount but in bumpy roads it kept falling down and not only that but the mount would close on its own even if no phone was in it and it would also open on random times and I didn't even felt like it charged fast at all, I'm better off just connecting it to an actual charger
It doesn't work without the app to set it up. App is not available in Canada and Amazon has no business not disclosing this.
Caused the power to my computer peripherals to cycle on and off. Also, outlets are too close together to accommodate plugs with power supplies (the rectangular blocks on plugs for items such as speakers). I speaker plug therefore covers three outlets.
Well I was excited to see the package at the door. I went to grab it, but realizing before I grabbed it it looked a bit flat. Huh.. then I picked it up to see that the package is empty and and it was never even sealed in the first place. Looks like I just paid $13 for packaging...
I have a UHF antenna that picks up 9 channels. I bought this antenna, in addition to my other antenna, to pick up a VHF station 15 miles away. This antenna didn't pick up the close VHF station. This antenna, on it's own, didn't pick up a single station that I'm other antenna could. Junk.
Very hard to figure out how to use with Alexa. Also, does not support 4K HDR, only 4K. I was given misinformation on that. The tower odyssey mic doesn't recognize some of my speakers. This thing has been hard to deal with ever since I bought it. Some of the sound modes do not play all of the speakers. No information to tell you that, you just have to figure it out on your own. Heats up really hot near my other devices on my entertainment system causing them to overheat. Seems decent quality, just not user friendly at all. I would recommend you take my advice and buy something else, I am hoping I can sell this to someone and try to get some of my money back...
The instructions are a joke .
Consumer Warning: Worth knowing. Amazon assumes NO RESPONSIBILITY when dealing with 3rd party seller. They will neither replace nor refund the amount charged if the product does not arrive. Posted one star only so review would be posted.
Opened the package and no sound came through. Poor quality
Got this to convert lots of audio books to mp3 for listening in my vehicles inn long road trips since newer cars don't usually habe cassette players. It converts to digital easily but throughout the recording is a steady chopping mechanical sound like a helicopter which is annoying. Hard to ignore it on an audio book and would be impossible for a music album. Waste of $25.
Within 2 months these headphones broke; one earpiece completely fell apart while the other one continues to work. They were wonderful while they lasted but I suggest paying more money for something that will last longer.
I got this with 50% charge. Put it under the sun. two days later, it has 25%. Never able to charge it once. Should have returned it right away.
Do not buy these. It is a scam. You have to buy the ones that are compatiable with the iphone or you will get an error message after 5 seconds. complete scam from amazon!
Shit is wack! Only worked for 2 days and after that couldn't hear nothing at all.
It didn't fucking work
Item arrived all damaged & jumbled in the box. I leave for a month long trip in 2 days! Waste of money!
Only been using these for less than three months and they've all already crapped out and don't worry anymore. Ugh Super annoying.
The adhesive starting giving out after 3 days. Would not recommend.
Everyone on the other end of the call could not hear me. I would end up switching to speaker on my phone and taking the headset off. The sound quality for me to hear them was fine. The ear piece stayed in my ear well, but I'm not sure would stay put if I were running.
I used it for over 2 weeks when all a sudden the earbud became super hot in my ear! Immediately I removed it from my ear and laid it on the table. In a few minutes the earbud became even hotter, so hot that you can't touch it more than a second. The plastic case became soft with you producing indentation by your finger pressure when attempting to pick it up. The temperature continued to rise and that's when I decided to dunk it in a glass jar filled with water and left it there. It's from something I learned regarding a laptop when its lithium battery is catching on fire going into self combustion and nearly explodes that's quite possible in flight too! FYI the customer support was more than helpful in finalizing the quick refund. She was courteous enough to ask me if I want her to send a replacement free of charge which I declined with absolutely no hesitation
I bought this so I could keep my desktop computer connected to my 3D printer on the other side of the room. However, I have trouble with the printer disconnecting in the middle of a print. It doesn't always happen, but when it does, I loose hours of time, with some prints taking 12+ hours, it can be very frustrating to loose signal 11 hours into a 12 hour print and having to start over. I never had this when I was using the standard cable so I can only assume its this extension I bought for it. So my final verdict is that it works okay with part time use, but it does occasionally loose signal with long term use. UPDATE: Now I can't stay connected to my 3D printer for more than a few minutes. I don't know whats wrong, but I can no longer use this cable and will be asking for a refund. The replacement that Amazon sent me also went bad and will no long hold a connection to my printer! DO NOT BUY!
avoid this case my phone have scratch everywhere dust stock inside and scratch my phone soo bad
Great while it worked. I bought it on Mar 7, 2018. By May, it stopped working. I made sure the wire connecting to the headset was fine. Dead. No sound. EVen for the cheap price, I would have expected it to last at least for a year...
Crap, lasted 2 weeks and next to impossible to return. This is the first Amazon Basics product issue that I have ever experience. Very disappointed as I was starting to trust the Amazon Basics brand.
Not any clear feedback when trying to set up, never got it to work and I'm fairly tech savvy.
This looks great. But beware -- the directions are awful. The hardware is worse. Initially I was thinking since they were making a universal piece for connecting with different TV its difficult for them to provide clear instruction. Later I found the mounting hardware itself is suspect. I will have to go to home depot to get the right hardware since returning it will be a bigger pain and I have already invested so much time on this. In sum, unless you have plenty of time and patience, stay clear!
Bought these in February and they were dead by May. This is the second pair that pooped out prematurely.
This product totally stinks! They are the worst speakers I've ever had, and the most expensive. I got two of them and the batteries in them were useless after 2 months. One of them turns itself off if I turn the volume up, and has to be plugged in to function. The other one just stopped charging and now the battery is dead! I'm so unhappy I got stuck with these crappy speakers.
Refurb and wouldn't hold a charge. Disappointment on Christmas.
Can't get to work, can't get them to reply. Don't waste your money
Purchased this product in late April. Worked fine when first received, but since the weather is warmer now does not work well at all. Do not purchase if you live in warm weather 80's unless you plan on leaving your air conditioner on. Manual in box says does not work well in warm weather that it works better in cold weather. Amazon was no help in returning item.
This remote is a fake. There is no programming button. FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE
after 3 months and one week its totally not working and the seller didn't want to help because it was refurbished and passed the 3 months warranty JUST BY ONE WEEK
It won't work and I used it probably 6 times. I bought it to play DVDs for my grandson. It was a big investment for so few uses.
Headphones do not sync to ps4 like it said real disappointed in this purchase
a lot of static interference. can't enjoy listen to music. wire feel thin.
Died after three uses. Total ripoff.
Worked great for less than a week before it started constantly losing and regaining connection, rendering it unusable.
This is definitely not a plug and play, or a user-friendly device. If you have a recent Bravia tv with a sensor on the front, in order not to block it you must hang either the tv or the sound bar on the wall, or buy this Sony sound bar for the tv to sit on top of. To get these two Sony pieces to work together should be easy, since they're made to go together, but it's a job most customers will find extremely frustrating and time-consuming. Following the instructions in the manual doesn't work. After consulting Sony and the Community, and changing settings on the tv, I had to update the software on the sound bar, reattach it to the HDMI ARC input, and also connect an optical cable, even though the ARC connection is supposed to work without needing the optical. Of course Sony doesn't supply an optical cable with their sound bar, like many other more generous sellers do. I would strongly recommend that buyers avoid this product and that Sony do some homework on making it better. If I had it to do over, I'd buy a different brand of sound bar and hang it on the wall.
Do not buy this item crashes and loses signal. Hooked it up to PS4 and Xbox one s and it did not work at all . Waste of money !!!!
Received it after I paid postage for next day delivery. It did NOT work!
Terrible. ..only one ear bud worked on the very first morning Xmas day... SOOOOO disappointed as a gift to my kids.
Missing multi items all product was tossed in a big box that was about to fall apart.
Awful. 1st one broke after a day of getting it. 2nd one was useful for about a week until it broke. Constant humming while using them without audio.
Neither the vender nor amazon were any help at finding a delivery made to a "secure" location and NOT at the door as I had requested. No one could tell me WHERE a "secure" location was. I HAVE BEEN ROBBED BY AMAZON!
Broke my brand new iPad mini. The case cover has a ridge that hits the glass next to the camera. The screen imploded when closed. Fortunately I had Insurance and paid $49 on top of the purchase price to get a replacement iPad. Was not happy.
The magnet that is at the bottom of the charging case has started to become lose after about a month of having these but still are working. I'm disappointed and thought that these parts would last a little longer than just a month. If I could get a replacement case I would be greatful but other than that sounds great and the bass is low and overall a great product. I have changed my review due to the left earbud volume being reduced to barely audible and the right earbud is just fine. Definitely won't be buying from this company again only the known brands like Sony.
Keep getting an error saying that my apple device does not support this accessory. It will work for a few moments and then disconnect from my iPhone 8 Plus. Very disappointed!
You can only pair one headphone at a time which defeats the whole purpose was disappointed I wasted my time
After 2 uses, the earpiece shifted in the headband and I can no longer get it to line up with my ear, even after trying to shift it back.
Fully charged battery dying after 2- hrs; Absolute trash
Received July 20, died September 1. Awaiting contact with manufacturer since past window to return to Amazon.
Too large to be comfortable.
One of the sides completely stopped working literally a day in. Don't waste your money on cheap earbuds, spend an extra 5 bucks and save yourself some time.
BEWARE! The sound quality is good, very good in fact but my wireless case broke, the headphones wouldn't turn on or charge half the time, and then they just stopped working! I threw mine in the trash because the customer service is wack! ALSO NOTE: PROBABLY 70% OF THE REVIEWS ARE ONLY 5 STARS BECAUSE THE SELLER AS YOU TO INORDER TO ACTIVATE YOUR WARRANTY!
Everything about these sucked. No noise cancelation at all, the hurt the ear alot. And the battery life was not good at all.
didn't work at all for what I needed it to do.
Good sound and appearance. But it destroyed the very valuable one-of-a kind cassette I tried to play on it --- tangled the cassette tape so it could not be retrieved. I returned it.
So I'm not impress, I tried talking on the train and they did not cancel out the noise. Also the listing person said they heard feed back. The left ear works but the right keeps going out. The right also isn't charging . I will be sending these back.
I'm extremely displeased with this product. I received it in a sealed box, but it was full of dust and the ear covers are so flimsy. One of them tore while I was adjusting it over the AirPod. The case itself (in a sealed box) was scratched and damaged, especially the bottom corners. I did NOT pay for a used item. The case would have been cute (at least it's sturdy) but it restricts the AirPods charging case from opening all the way. I'm extremely dismayed.
The main feature on this system, the wireless charging dock, stopped charging after just 5 months. After doing a little research, it's a very common complaint!!!!
Product arrived with broken casing, and the ear buds did not work.
I ordered my record player on Nov. 14, 2017. I have not received it. Tried to contact the seller and they no longer get emails through the Amazon forum. I'm very disappointed!!
Although the headphones were comfortable to wear, unfortunately, I was immediately disappointed with the sound quality. It seems that the fabric covering the actual sound transmitters muffle the clarity of the sound. The sound did not come through with lucidity, sharpness and seemed dulled. My 20yr old headphones were significantly better than these.
The very tip of the jack broke off when I unplugged it. Now I'll have to find a screw to remove the piece stuck inside my docking station. 1 star for the slight annoyance. It felt nice and weighty when I opened the bag, but it fell apart on light use.
The controller is not worth the money. It sticks you cannot line up a shot with a gun while playing a game. Buy the real thing this one is not worth it for the price at all. I gave it one star because it does vibrate.
Dissapointed. They won't even turn on.
Very poor sound quality on these earbuds, not worth the money. Quality of products sold on Amazon in steep decline.
I thought when I read details & reviews this would give me great for my room to give better reception & more channels but as with everything it's a gamble buying online! It surly isn't worth the money!
My first one worked about three weeks and then stopped. I foolishly bought another. It never worked. The only advice from customer service: return it. These cd players are clearly not well manufactured and are more trouble than they are worth. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
Did not work at all. Faint blue blank screen right out of box. Tried unplugging. Tried different outlets. Given as a Mothers Day gift. Embarrassing.
This didn't even last 8 months .
The product worked for me one time trying to stream some videos I had downloaded on my iPad. Now when I try it on another tv all is shows is the square image you can scan with a phone. Top that off with horrible instructions for use and zero customer support and you have a worthless waste of money......
This receiver is absolute garbage. Stopped working after only using it twice. Receiver will NOT power on and Yamaha's customer service is a joke. So is their "two year warranty" as well. Getting them to fix or return the receiver has been a nightmare,
What product! They even didn't send it. they claim they sent it and show an unclear delivery photo. I was home whole day and checked my package many times. I want my money back!
It picks up zero channels and shows signal strength low. I live in Seattle so it must be broken, I'm passed the return date by a week
Stopped working after a week. Didn't work for phone calls at all.
I didn't work at all with my macbook and tv
Lasted for 10 mins charging my phone ok then a chip on circuit board exploded and piece hit me in my face now it doesnt work.
Installed today, after 2 hours stopped working. I tried to find vendor warranty but could not contact them. Very disappointed.
I didn't receive the item although it is written it is delivered
just think of these as over the ear headphones without volume control, except that your ears get hot. if you want reduction of background noise, look else where
This iPhone case is SOOOO Heavy! Plus it hard to hear out of or get signal.. I Do NOT like this case at all!!
Company sent a clearly USED, SCRATCHED & MARKED UP, PRIED OPEN item , when I purchased a NEW item!
This is not HIGH QUALITY 4K anything. I'm not a novice with electronics etc. I purchased this to connect my New $600 Samsung Soundbar, New $500 Samsung 4K Ultra Blu Ray Player, PS4, Wii and Cable Box to my new $3500 75” Samsung Q6 TV and it was a total disaster. It doesn't auto switch like it's suppose to. The Sound Quality is no where close to what it is when I connect everything directly to the Soundbar and TV. It heats up almost to a burning touch, switches on its own while I using one of the inputs. HORRIBLE SWITCH!!! And just days after the return date passes I got my TV in that was on Back Order, connected everything to find that this device sucks and not worth buying. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money and get something that does work.
I bought this product because it was cheaper than buying the Apple brand connector. I tried them, and for about 20 minutes the adapter worked perfectly fine. After that, it kept cutting in and out, and my phone kept saying "accessory not supported". I would definitely not recommend this product. Spend the extra couple dollars on the Apple adapter.
Could not plug in phone charger.
Did not even work. Static noise as soon as you use them. Horrible.
The product description says it works with Pixel 3 which is complete BS. Do not buy!
Easy to install, but is a piece of junk. Initially worked pretty good, less than a month later won't work at all.
Lots of static and crackling. Not good sound quality. Controls on headphones like volume and phone answering don't work. Not a good product.
The mount actually broke and my 65" Samsung LED Tv fell straight down my stairwell and put holes in the walls on both sides of the stairwell and nearly killed my fiance as she was walking down the stairs when it happened. I Want a refund on the product and I want my tv replaced. This was very scary and expensive.
Worked great for first couple weeks, now the right piece will not activate in Bluetooth Settings or the dedicated Walker App. Hoping customer service helps out..
It wouldn't work and was a waste of money
I have no idea if the speaker works or not. Be prepared of you choose to purchase this on, the charging cable is maybe 6 inches long and it does NOT come with a brick. Oh, and those fast charging bricks that come with your phone? Yeah, there is a warning inside the box that says those will cause an explosion if used with this speaker. So, you may want to also purchase a micro USB charger along with it. When I am able to charge it and subsequently test it, I will update my review.
Disappointing-no better than my previous non-amplified antenna from Best Buy that was half the cost and I went to the extra trouble to paint it black.
Got January 13. Started cutting out on the left ear on january 30. Unreliable
These earphones started off great. Good sound, easy to pair with my phone. The battery life wasn't great but would usually last for a couple workouts before needing to charge. Over the past two weeks they began to die after about 2 hours in the gym. They are officially dead. The light comes on like they are charging but will not turn on at all. Fairly disappointing for a pair of $60 earphones.
Noise cancelling does not work! Earbud does not fit. Very unhappy with this product.
Lasted about a month.
Froze my phone up twice when plugged in. Threw it in the trash
Headphones quit working 1 day after 30 day warranty ran out. Unable to return!!! Very frustrated!!!!
Just bought my CD player for some purpose cd use. CD working/playing but no sounds at all even volume to maximum/ in headphones. What I'm going to do now? Please fix it. thanks
Does not work for the Note 10 plus. Amazon recommended this for the Note 10 plus. I cannot say whether or not it works for other phones.
It would cost me more time , effort and cost to return this product that its worth. Wood rate it 0 if that was an option
Received a defective pair. No sound at all out of right ear.
Ordered this pair of AirPod cases and they sent me a rubber sink stopper WTF
The tip of both of the cords snapped off on these. You may think, well maybe they are rough on them or maybe they dropped them. Well we have had our cord that comes with the phone in the same spot, used by the same people, with the same frequency for the last 2 years and that one still works. And it wasnt a 1 time fluke accident, both of them broke off the tip and we only had them for 2 weeks. Never buy.
Seller sending spam to my email...Never will buy from again.
This is the second blue numeral Sharp clock we purchased. And like the first, the part of the segments in the numerals went so dim, you could not tell time 5 feet away. Unfortunately, that happened after the expiration date. Try another brand. Didn't use it as an alarm clock so cannot comment there.
I have a 30 year old antenna on my roof that only gets 4 channels. I was hoping to replace it with this antenna. Installed it and ran a channel scan twice. ZERO channels found. Our house is only about 20 miles from the nearest broadcast tower and 25 to to 30 from the other three towers in our area. This is advertised to have a 50 to 80 mile range. In there instruction pamphlet (only one page in English) they say to contact them if not 100% satisfied but give NO phone number or web site to contact them. I will be returning it.
Think twice before ordering.
The wallet portion is great! The case is garbage. I had this item for a week and 3 corners started cracking. I'm not rough with my phone at all. The plastic that is used to the case is crap. I had to return the whole thing and go with a different brand.
I guess It is my fault for not reading the details. This looked exactly like the one I was replacing. But it is SUPER small! Still worked on my boombox but will get a bigger one to pull more stations.
You only get 1. Not one for each ear. My kid is disappointed
Does not work says incompatible
Remote cheap plastic takes several a attempts return on / off. Sound static Not worth price
Hot. Garbage. Nothing I regret more in my 30 years on this Earth than buying these headphones. Uncomfortable and god forbid you actually sweat, these slippery lil' devil's are going to pop out of your ears quicker than you can blink. Purchase these headphones if you want to spend your time at the gym constantly readjusting them. 1 of 5 stars because 0 of 5 isn't an option. Sound fine, good battery life, case sucks.
Microphone string extremely to short
I ordered this item specifically because it was for SO Europe but when it came it was only for Europe. I'm extremely disappointed that the company will not honor what I ordered and what was photographed and get me the right product.
They never charge as expected and was only good for one ues
The ear piece broken off after a couple times of use. Very bad quality. Have to make a trip to return it. Recommend not to waste your time returning it.
This product did not work at all a complete waste of plastic!!
sketchy item clearly used and suspicious should have went to best buy
Defective. Did not work on my iPhone X
DO NOT BUY IF YOU VALUE ANY OF YOUR EQUIPMENT! I bought this to serve as a temporary PDU in a server rack. Got everything mounted and wired up and flipped the switch on this equipment. Immediate pop, sparks, and smoke. It tripped my breaker and my UPS tried to kick on. After changing my underwear, I proceeded to perform and autopsy on this unit. Found that there was something on the circuit board in contact with the metal housing. Burnt up the neutral connections, blew all 6 capacitors on the board, and burnt a hole through the board itself. As others have noted in their reviews, workmanship is unacceptable.
The cords started to come apart after a few uses and then quit working all together
Might have been amazing if they ever arrived.
If I could give it zero stars I would. I followed the instructions and it never worked for my iPhone 7plus
Just hooked this speaker up to my TV and I was very disappointed in the sound quality. I have read numerous Amazon reviews on this product giving it great reviews. These reviews are very inaccurate. I know this product isn't very expensive but I certainly would expect better quality than this speaker delivers. Don't waste your money.
Most unacceptable product I ever get from Amazon. I can even make the remote control work properly. It has a factory default. This is first time I want return the product from Amazon purchase.
Broke after less than 5 minutes of use, and did not enable the buttons on the headphones like the original Apple adapter did. DO NOT BUY.
Display didn't work on remote
Haven't even had these for a month and all three chargers don't work. Nothing visibly wrong and not treated bad. Don't waste the money.
It caused both my phone and iPad to glitch when connected to my projector. I know it's not the projector because the projector works just fine while plugged into a laptop.
Terrible!! none of them even lasted a month
This cord didn't work for me. I tried it several times with different devices to no avail. I later learned that it's impossible for such a cord to work due to its structure. A converter like this would require a power source in order to work and it has no input for a power source, and while yes HDMI cords produce electricity, only a little and would fail to make such a cord work. I suggest buying a converter that allows for power input as that is more likely to work and be effective versus this cash grab product. Don't waste your money
Each earpiece which is made out of some sort of metal is very heavy and uncomfortable to wear. The metal is also cold when first putting them in your ear which is uncomfortable. The buds themselves are not comfortable and don't stay in my ear well at all. Constantly falling out. Sound quality does seem decent but too uncomfortable to wear.
Left ear phone does not work. Keeps saying the battery low or does not come on at all. Right earpiece works ok.
stopped working online after a week , now the camera works only on LAN
maybe the crappiest piece of furniture i've ever tried to assemble. I say "tried" because as I was installing one of the legs, the cheap particle board tore and came off on the leg, rendering the table useless.
The cable does not work with a Samsung HD TV. The sound quality is OK, but the TV picture flashes off and on (intermittently). I thought the cable would make for tidy look behind the TV. But, since it doesn't work, I changed to a standard HDMI and all is well.
This item caused me nothing but grief. It stopped working altogether after a month to the day that I could return it. Do not buy!
This product sucks, none the ports are capable of charging a phone while the phone is running. Just use your Samsung or original charger that your phone came with.
Great pair of BT speakers! They rock my medium size bathroom pretty good at 60% volume and crystal clear up to 100%! I didn't have high hopes of getting much bass out of them, but once mounted in the ceiling with some fiberglass insulation over them I must admit I was fairly impressed! These speakers will not blow the windows out of your house, but the clarity is there with some decent bass and that's all I really care about! ***UPDATE*** Was so happy with the first set I bought another on Sept. 2018. The controller went bad 13 months after I got it and yep, sorry you are out of warranty! Pyle wanted me to buy the controller. Do yourself a favor and look at some other better products out there and with a better warranty!
Had a problem with the head phones they politely refused to honor warranty. Was disappointed
The stick held for only an hour
People can hear me but the speaker is very low. We tried it with phone volume up on multiple devices. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Pictures are deceiving, it is larger and the pictures are photoshopped. Poorly made. Returning it.
Did not work with my mini NES system. Tried both cables, neither worked, returned.
The color was a nice vibrant red. The product did not for properly and always came lose. It broke within a month of using it.
The outer zippered case is fine, it has held up for the couple months I've had it. The inner silicone case that goes on the airpod case won't stay on the lid. It's junk, spend a little more to get something that isn't a waste of money.
I only got the wire but not the headphone
Says it was delivered but did not receive this. Very disappointed.
Never received my order. Lost in shipping.
Terrible product - sound is OK but battery only lasts a couple of hours. And they completely failed after six months.
I love the idea of this and it works for the most part. However, it randomly shuts the TV off without warning every 5 minutes even on the master account. I sent the sellers a message months ago and have never received a response. I am very upset and disappointed all the way around. I really want this to work, especially as expensive as it is...
We purchased a set of 4 batteries and charged them once and once it was time to charge then again, two out of the four batteries held a charge. So I basically paid for 2 usable batteries.
Terrible product. It stopped working only one week after i bought it. I strongly suggest to not buy it
All 3 pairs of these earbuds broke within one month. I don't expects much from less expensive earbuds, but I would expects a few months for 3 pairs! Cannot recommend.
unfortunately the ear plugs that came with this clip sport plus stopped working in a couple uses. Don't depend on using these cheap ear plugs for more than a couple weeks. Then after 1 month the volume button quit working and now, 3/12 months after purchase, it will no longer turn on. i haven't tried to see if they will replace but just know this is not the same as the old ones that i used for 2+ years. This is a piece of junk.
Doesn't work with my iPhone 6. Teeters from side to side and doesn't make a connection to power up. Instead of a return, I gave the two I bought to a few friends who have newer iPhones and it worked fine for them. My loss.
Would not recommend. Had an older version that worked great, just needed replacing because the battery wore out. This version is terrible! - Doesn't connect reliably... sometimes it connects and starts streaming, sometimes I have to restart it several times - Sound cuts out for some reason, didn't have this problem with the old one - Voice indicating it's starting up and shutting down is super quiet, can barely hear it, and not at all over a running shower. - Occasionally bursts a blast of digital static, sounds like Keanu Reeves in The Matrix, when the liquid went down his throat, and as an added bonus, it does this at full volume, regardless of where the actual volume is set. Awesome! I would have just pulled the battery out of this one and put it in the old one, but of course, it's soldered to the board where the old one was plugged in.
This did not work with the drill that the description said that it did. Would not charge. Returned it
I had to call Amazon due to when I received the shoes the insoles were missing.
This product does not work. It is a scam. Amazon please remove this item from your listing.
I filed a claim a couple weeks ago or so because the headphones I bought my son stopped working and have not heard back from them at all.
After a few months of use, this battery randomly turns off and everything attached to it. I run only a small low end word processing computer off this and that's all. Very frustrating. Wish I could still return it.
I've had these six months. Poor battery life from day one - four hours max. Ordering another brand.
There's no sync button inside it was useless if it won't pair with the Roku.
Weak points around the ear.
Package was opened and part was missing from package. USPS said I must take up the issue with Amazon since the package was received at their facility already opened.
Only lasted 1 season and used only once a week for about an hour each time.
If you are shopping for Pixel 3, skip this item. It does not work on Pixel 3. Shame that they say it does. Waist of time. Sent back.
Scam came to me glued together now I'm fighting for a refund
Counterfeit. These are not genuine Energizer batteries. Package has multiple typos.
Opened them and immediately knew they were cheap. Then when the package label said you needed to turn bluetooth on and select Lighting from devices, when they plug-in, I figured they were going back. I connected them and started playing music. Less than 2 mins into playing music, the volume maxed out on its own and I couldn't turn it down with the volume switch. I had to use the phone volume buttons but within a second they would shoot back up to max volume. Very disappointing.
This product often does not work with the iPhone X. Typically when I try to use it, I get an error message saying the device is not supported.
Didn't last long, would not pair with my phone after a month.
Sound is terrible. Problems with the supplied cord, produces obnoxious static. Don't waste your money!
Save your money... we've ordered 3 pair, in all. 1 of 2 did not work at all so we ordered a replacement pair. Within less than 1 week, both of the 2 pairs we kept are broken. An earbud from both pairs has completely fallen apart. I suggest investing a little more and getting better quality!
Headphone side works but microphone side doesn't. Microphone works when plugged into computer, so this is a defective item that I apparently can't return.
Bought 3 of these for the kids. The first one died the second time it was used. In the middle of playing a track, it shut off and would not respond to any button inputs, and would not take any charge. Sent that one back for a refund. The other 2 lasted almost 3 months then died 2 days apart, the same way as the first one. We were on a road trip. With a 6 and 3 year old. They were devestated. They love listening to stories. And now how are we supposed to get a few moments of peace and quiet? Bottom line: you get what you pay for.
Although the adapters should have worked, all three were defective and would not charge any electronic devices. I had to borrow adapters from others on the trip. I do not recommend these.
These mic's have horrible sound! Just turning up the volume slightly creates bad feedback. Lots of breath sound popping when talking into them so bad you have to turn them down super low. I even tried a mic boot and still not much better. I can't even use them for anything! You cant even use these mics for talking let alone Karaoke!!! What a waste of money!!!! I wish I could have returned them!!!!
Not working good for I phone
If I could give it a zero, i would. The damn thing didnt work from day one. No fan came on, and defintely didnt charge the contollers. Very very disappointed
Cheap and tore the first time I tried putting them on.
This Camera was functioning perfectly up until the 3 month mark. It no longer will stay on for more than a few minuted before it needs unplugged and plugged back in. I never left this camera in the car to be exposed to heat it always came inside the house or to work with me.
This product did not work, Splurge and get the more expensive brand, because this one didn't work
It lasted 8 months. Broken.
The connection is very unstable and the right one does not work at all. I could hear the connecting sound once it paired with my phone, but after that, the right one doesn't play sound and the left one suffers from occasional interruptions too. I recommend you not buy this unqualified product.
Ordered the 10 pack only got 5
The volume is not loud and when they fall out your ear it hangs up on your caller
It work for a couple of week's with no issues what's so ever, then I started having internet issue's like the Wi-Fi would just switched back to off mode on its own, then the ethernet would look like its connected on your main screen but still wouldn't have no access to the internet what's so ever I tired to reboot it still the same issue's I even try to Factory restore it a whole lot of times still the same issue's and plus the unit with being only too gigs of ram makes it even more worse aswell too.
Never could get it to work
I don't understand the 4 star rating these headphones got. The sound quality is quite bad. Comparable more so to earbuds than your average over the ear headphones.
When I first got them, they work but after a few days the on/off button broke on both of them.
This thing is great. But this is the reason my back plate of my switch broke. It got caught when i tried pulling it out from the switch. Do not buy it i do not recommend this to anyone it will break your switch.
Only good for half a phone charge, difficult to remove phone and doesn't protect phone at all. Cracked my screen after one drop while a similar brand I had kept my phone protected.
Let me just say, if I could give this no stars I definitely would.
I ordered this to use with my Roku Stick+. Did not work and had to return for a refund.
Don't get very hot, take a long to melt.
In short, don't buy. They are junk and don't work
I decided to take a chance and get the Tranya T3 Sports Wireless Headphones. They took a little extra time to pair to my Pixel XL but overall pairing wasn't that bad. Charged them overnight to ensure they had a full charge. I tried the small earbuds first but they wouldn't hold in my ears. Switched to the medium earbuds for a better fit then started some music. Sound quality was horrible! I kept fiddling with settings on my phone trying to increase the volume and sound quality to no avail. As a last resort I switched to the large earbuds - what a difference! Once a true fit is found the sound quality is actually very good. The music never stopped or skipped over 8 hours while I did my yard work and they had approximately 40% charge left. I charged them overnight again then used them for a 2.5 mile walk. There were a few skips but I thought it might have been my stream. Then I used them for a 5 mile walk...they were dropping out every 20 mins or so and they earbuds seemed to lose pair with each other. First the right ear would drop, it would come back and immediately the left would drop for a second before reconnecting. The problem only got worse as I continued to use them. The last time I used them, I had them on for 2 hours and they skipped over 2 dozen times while the unpairing from right to left earbud happened at least 13 times. I quit using them and purchased some Jabras. I thought I found a deal but it seems I found a dud.
These lasted all of 2 months, given to 15 y. o. Low grade product, poor material
After listening to two songs on this speaker, it randomly shuts off. The speaker works great for the first two songs it plays, but it is very frustrating to have to set the speaker back up after only listening to two songs.
This is NOT a Samsung remote! Cheap and flimsy! I can's say whether or not it works because the back will not come off to put batteries in!! NOT happy!!! Returning immediately!!!
received defective unit that I had to send back
Weak, moves to much and screws are hard to get to when trying to adjust
Stopped working shortly after the return period ended. Almost like clockwork.
Not even a day after opening one it was already in three pieces (two sides and inside) . Can't help me find my keys like that.
Don't know what this is for... Bought it for mistake i guess
Doesnt work only 2nd port does rewired entire TV system and found put now it doesnt work such a headache would really like a refund poor product
This hdmi cable is poor quality it cuts in and out sound and or picture I purchased this item the 1st of November it is now the 19th and it's telling me I can't return it! Why would I want to keep something that doesn't work that well
Don't bother if you want a battery that will hold a charge longer than 24 hours. I have batteries that I purchased 4 years ago and have used pretty consistently that now drain after a couple of days but they're still better than these that I purchased to replace them. Very happy I didn't throw the original ones away.
Do not buy this product, plug in batteries and nothing happen, no instructions came with product. Wish I would have read a review like this. Do not buy this product!
Horrible reception. Live in Los Angeles an cannot get any of the standard stations (CBS, NBC, ABC, FOX, WB) with this antenna. Complete waste of money.
The device's extraction of the HDMI signal is not stable
I bought these in May and really liked them. They have pretty decent sound. However, less than 3 months later they shut off while I was using them and they won't turn back on. I feel like I should be able to get more than 2 1/2 months out of them.
This sounded great until the high-pitched squeaks and loud amp pops started. I have it connected to my new Samsung TV via the optical fiber. I tried Bluetooth first but there was a noticeable delay, even with an aptX low latency transmitter. That may not be the fault of the speaker, but the noises that come out of it are. It seems to work fine for about 15-20 minutes and then starts making frequent unwanted noises, not really what I was looking for in a sound bar. I'll try customer service tomorrow, but based on the negative reviews so far, I don't have high hopes. I recommend you keep looking unless you're in the market for a really heavy black brick with a remote control. I'll update as appropriate.
not even one star. this product is terrible. I'm not using any of the, the metal part so thin it doesn't even hold to most of the outlets in the wall we have around the house and at work. I'm currently looking for another brand to buy new ones for my devices.
For couple of times that we actually could use this, it had to be pointed line in sight (IR) to the Roku box. Stopped working after few days. Unfortunately return window closed, so stuck with it.
I purchased this product in August; it worked fine but stopped working in December. The problem is not batteries, as those in the remote still have power, and the remote doesn't work with a new pair. So I am obviously unhappy the remote only worked about 4 months.
Purchased to take to Israel. Plugged it in and it popped. Something smelled burnt and it must have blew itself up. Don't purchase this product.
One side didn't work and it's was way too big and supposed to be adjustable but it wasn't
I was sent a wrong item and this is not eligible for refund. Received a dentures glue.
The bluetooth is not compatible with newer vehicles. I bought this for use in my 2018 F550 but it will not work.
Not two day delivery as advertised.
Sorry will not pick up any channels at all. Tried placing in multiple location and nothing
The sound isn't what it makes it out to be on this sight and I have a problem with the bluetooth always disconnecting itself and I constantly have to keep turning it back on. Very disappoint in the product.
I could not get this unit to pick up local radio stations. Displays looked junky. Overall impression is of Chinese-manufactured garbage. Spent a few hours fiddling with this product and then immediately returned.
The clock was to bright for me.
These headphones are supposed to be durable, yet after less than a month of having them they got ever so slightly caught in a backpack zipper and the insulation on the wire got cut, quite easily too. Did not appear to be a fair amount of wire insulation on these earphones since they cut so easily! They still functioned well even though the insulation was cut, but they finally stopped working after a few months... these were supposed to be my forever earphones but the quality seems to be lacking. I'd be happy to change this review if a compromise is made by the seller, as the sound quality was superior to my wireless Jaybirds, but the fragility of the wiring on these earphones was extremely disappointing considering how much money I spent on them in the hopes of getting a quality pair of earphones.
Purchased this headset just over 1 month ago and the microphone already stopped working.
worked for about 1 day
A real piece of crap! Lasted just long enough to miss the return window (1 month). Thus it is destined for the dumpster!
Bum drag we only get 2 of the 10 or so locals in our area.....😓
I bought this and took it out of the package and there was a large hole in the seam that appeared to look like it was just not sewn correctly.
How do I rate something I never got
The Bluetooth connection break even with the cell phone in your hands
When I bought this it said it would fit my Impala, went to plug into antenna adaptor it did not fit, so needless to say don't anything good to say...
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I got 6 channels with this. I plugged in the floppy $10 one from Amazon and got 101 channels.
Very good idea for a product but the static that it produces when your listening to music is unbearable.
The speaker is alright for the price, but the turntable is so small, my records are rubbing against where the needle is held in place and warping the sound of my records. Would not waste your money when the vinyl doesn't even properly fit on the turntable. Pretty disappointed in the product.
Disliked it didn't come with anything to plug it in. Other than that it works great. Bought another one. Luckily we had extra USB plugs.
Ordered December 19 it is now February 10th and theirs no longer works won't charge remotes at all
Battery life too short for a premium product.
Didn't work for our product.
WON'T CHARGE AND OUTPUT AT THE SAME TIME. NOT READY TO DO BOTH
I got a pair of these on July 1, 2018. They sounded great. I say sounded because the quit working. At first it was just the Mic with the pause button that stopped working. A week After that the right headphone (on the same sode as the Mic) quit working and 2 days later the left wouldnt work either. I would love to give a good rating, but they didn't even last 4 months. Save your money for something else
These batteries will not hold there charge. I placed them in four different Panasonic hand-held phones and the phones keep telling me to install only rechargeable batteries. The phones worked fine with the original batteries until they whore out.
This is my second iHome device. The critical part that connects the iPhone with the unit when docking snapped off the first, and just stopped working on the second. I had hoped that the quality would have improved over time. Without this ability to dock, the entire unit is worthless, except to charge my Apple watch.
It turned on my soundbar and raised the volume. Two minutes later it was dead.
Bought this case for my son. He put it on and the Air Pods would not connect to his device. We made an appointment at the Apple Store thinking there was something wrong with the Air Pods. Come to find out, this particular case blocks the sensor that allows the Air Pods to connect. As soon as we took the case the Air Pods connected just as they should
Great speaker, great price, but after only two months of use, my refurbished unit will no longer take a charge! If this is refurbished why has the battery not been replaced? Waste of $100+ dollars. And only one month past my return window... What will Amazon do for me??
Must be loose wire because you can't set it down without losing the signal
This is the worst replacement battery I have ever received. Right out of the box the battery would only hold a charge for 1 day. The use was not heavy at all, mainly email, texting. No streaming, etc. I should have taken a clue from option that I had which was to buy a battery/charger package. I'd never have seen anything like that package before. Obviously, it's going back.
i dont have proof these arrived, cant find them, so I assume I didnt receive these
They work great for about 6 months then they broke and had to buy more
I was very happy with this headphones, good fit, good sound, but one day they stop working, no charging, no reseting, totally dead. Only lasted for three month. DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
Battery will not charge.been on charge for 2 hrs and only reached to 4% now..
Ordered this twice this week both times when received there was only one in the package. NOTE: Not a two pack. Ripoff
I bought these for my grandsons, and both of them have been having headaches from them. They get really warm and cause both of them to be ill.
Broke after 9 months. Connectors started feeling loose a few months in and eventually the right earbud stopped working entirely.
I bought this item in June to have a radio in the house. The CD player was a nice touch too. I think I played a couple CDs when I first got it, then got busy so never tried it again for a few months. Wanted to play music over the holidays and nothing turns on. (Yes, it's plugged in and yes the outlet works). So sad that I wasted my money.
Inability of battery to take a charge.
They were too big for my ears. Stuck out like a sore thumb.
I can't go a song without my phone saying the accessory isn't supported. Not worth the money, even if It is a deal. Just go on the apple website and get the one for $9.
This did not fit my phone correctly.
No luck with Samsung tv UPDATE: Run! Run fir the hills! I carefully requested refund, not to Amazon account but to my form of payment. Today I got email notification of REPLACEMENT! Now I'll have to return that one too! Run!
even at the least bright setting it is so bright it disturbs my sleep It is also difficult to set time and/or brightness
Did not hold the iPhone
Battery does not last
Don't buy this speaker it is really garbage under a month the sub will be only thing playing I recommend a different speaker
Just tried using my Wii for the 1st time in a very long time since buying this and there is a hum that I can not seem to be rid of. I have wiggled the cables and nothing seems to remedy the issue. I strongly feel its the cable.
ears popped after a few days sound was great quality of the product was terrible
Like others we have issue with the sound not working or being intermittent. Tried different HDMI cables and power adapters to no avail. I contacted the manufacturer and was asked to send a video showing the issue, though this seems kind of silly, I did and never received a response. You get what you pay for here.
Disappointed. I could only get 13 channels, one of which was ABC. Couldn't get NBC or CBS.
This product came in broken.
Stopped working after a few days.
PRODUCT SWITCH! - I want to point out that Amazon or the manufacturer has switched the page/product and kept old reviews. The Timex alarm clock that I purchased back in 2014 recently stopped working properly (The radio only tunes 2 channels). I went into my order history to buy the same clock, but this product came up instead. I never bought the product pictured here, and if you go back and read older reviews, you can see some are about a different model of clock. JUST A WARNING - THE REVIEWS ARE PADDED AND FAKE.
Complete crap, it didn't even last 2 years. APC quality has gone downhill, and I am switching to another vendor for all future UPS purchases.
didn't fit snug in my cell phone headset jack. Gave them to my co worker who had an iphone. They fit perfect.
Worked for a while but now the audio cuts out for a split second in intervals. It gets very annoying when watching sports or playing video games with constant background sound because the audio outs are very noticeable.
I have had this keyboard cover less than 3 months and the color is already rubbing off.
I was very excited to order one for a friend. Very disappointed with the wallet case. This case is too slippery to hold. And it's hard to open in the back to get the card out.
It broke in the first trip
Volume is TOO LOW Faulty product, right earpiece doesn't work 🤦🏾‍♂️ Wasted my money
Suck crap! Broke down very quickly after purchase. Wires come out of nowhere
Brought two pairs and neither one worked. Very upset.
Works fine for listening to music or an audio book - but these failed to be useful for calls. Callers told me they heard a lot of noise feedback and that I sounded muffled. Gave up and these now sit in a drawer.
I've had this for a few days, and the controller won't hold a charge. I can leave it charge over night, and when I play it, the battery last for about 10 minutes before it disconnects and dies. Very disappointed.
I got this headphone for my sons schoolwork and the teacher returned it I had no idea it was not working until I asked her and she said it for it work I tried at home for it work . Would not recommended this to anyone
Microphone is too weak
Doesn't work, and it doesn't fit into my jbl headphones.
will not record t a useable level. After spending hours working with it to try and increase levels, I had my audio-visual IT director at work look at it and he could not get it to record anything other than shouting into the microphone at close range. Also, did not come with a base or desk clamp, had to go to Fry's to get a base. Invest a little more to get a mic from someone else, unless you are looking for a mic for deco because that is the only purpose this one serves.
very low volume and static, I just bought a rca to rca male between my tv out and amp in much better audio
The outer cover broke less than a week after I bought the damn things. Not worth the price at all.
Package never came. Even said it got delivered
Save your money and go to Redbox. This is cheap plastic trash that works 0% right out of the box. Setup was easy, but I can tie a plastic bag to my antenna pole and get the same amount of signal. This antenna never did work. Just don't bother.
I received the iPad cover without a screen cover. I put cover on but felt it had been a returned item as there was no protective cover ( to be removed) . Therefore also no cover to protect the iPad screen. The instructions say to remove protective film from cover, there is no cover!
There are better headphones out there
This gets terrible reception, and the speakers are a special connection so you can not change to other speakers. The volume is so low it is only good in a small room.
Never worked for me.
Dont bother. Display is low quality and not at all easy to set up. Have to use phone and remote togethe (ugh) and nothing intuitive about it. I am pretty tech literate but this is not in any way as easy to use as any positive review I read suggested. I think everyone is just so worn down with “universal” remotes thay they have super low expectations.
I kind of got suckered into 10 five star reviews for something so inexpensive but the first thing I noticed when I opened the box was the absolutely cheap quality around the black plastic control box. I immediately considered returning them but figured I'd at least see how they sound. The audio was the only thing worse than the build quality. I'm completely tone deaf, but even I can tell that this quality is trash. I tried this on podcasts and music using a couple different apps and everything has the same low muffled tone.
Sorry, wasn't a good purchase. Disappointed! Records wouldn't even play the board was so wobbly!
It just doesn't work. The instructions say to turn the phone off and restart if it doesn't work. Well, guess what. Have done that, and it still doesn't work. Seriously, how can they sell something that doesn't work?
The sound quality is poor, and after using the sound bar for 3 days it's stopped working!
These earbuds were very heavy in my ears. There are 3 sizes but they all fell out while I was running. I returned them.
Didn't work for my Pixel 3XL. I never got the battery charger portion to work. When I plugged the audio port in, that didn't work either.
I bought a converter from bb. I planned to use this one and return the one from bb, but it didn't work at all. I will return this one instead. Good thing that it's free return.
Speaker was great while it lasted. I will know better not to ever spend that much, as the speaker is now 2 yrs. old and the sound is shot. Oh well, live and learn!
Missing cables and interferes with the tv reception when it is connected. Not impressed
Hooked this unit up and was disappointed it only picked up 2 channels with the booster hooked up. Very dissatisfied with the range of this unit. DO NOT BUY THIS ITS A WASTE OF MONEY!!!
Description states this is compatible with my phone...unfortunately it is not. Pro: Seems like good quality cable. Con: Too bad that as soon as I plugged in...message on phone screen says it was incompatible. I unplugged three more times, updated to latest software and still nothing. Bummer!! Thought I had something good here.
Speakers were working and sounded pretty good for about 4 weeks. The blue led went out and so did the audio. Have tried to contact Pyle starting a week ago with no response.
Out of the pair of earphones, one pair was defective from the time of opening the package. Only the right side worked. The other pair worked for a couple of weeks before the cover sleeve came apart at the point where it hooks up to the phone. Bad quality. Looks good but does not work well. It is too late for a return unfortunately. I waited too long to open the package and use it, and now it's beyond the return window.
Worked great for 2 months, died today, RIP.
The dongles did not work with any of our iPhones. A message about not being supported kept appearing and the music would cut out. Unusable. iPhone 7 and 7plus.
It didn't work for me, as others have noted recently. Same issues, don't waste your money. No return policy which I wasn't aware of until I tried to return it.
Did not work as stated, I will sell it back to someone for $10
It's silicone and everything sticks to it. It said it was durable and shock poof I doubt it.
Very very quite headphones. Can hear my box fan over the sound of the game with my headphones on.
Wish I could give NEGATIVE stars!! This broke my charging port and I had to buy a wireless charger AND a receiver for it! Not happy!!!
There is no way for me to know how large of a port this is and they are charging me 5.99 to return it I just want one that will fit my device!!!! Will give a better rating if the company let's me return it for free this is crazy!!! No port size in the description!!!
so cheap and shorted out in 2 weeks. wouldn't let me return it. Im still looking for one thats good quality.
Terrible charger. Quit working in less than a month. Got replacement and it quit working too. Do not buy.
Everything was incorrect. Sent me the wrong color, only holds charge for 1.5 hrs. One speaker does not work.
They were awesomeness for the couple months they worked. Just stopped working and skullcandy won't answer my emails. I've also had about 4 pairs of their wired headphones that only worked a few months.
Doesnt work after 2 weeks. Bought the anker version and is perfect
I love these think I am going to order another pair before the price goes up. These are crystal clear. Blocks out all sound. The sound is fantastic. Came in the cutest carrying case with extra ear bud pads and the cord seems so much more durable than any other I have had. Definitely give these a try. Got here in a day. Thanks for great headphones! Update: They didn't last long. Ear pieces keep breaking.
I ordered this extension to provide a little more length for my ear bud to my Surface Book Pro 2. I can now route the wire around my mouse pad and not over the keyboard and get in the way of my typing. Unfortunately, the jack is slightly too small to make contact in the audio jack on the side of the Surface. All other audio male ended jacks make perfect contact but this product I have to rotate and bend. WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
Doesn't hold enough charge to fill phone battery, front facing led lights are extremely bright and annoying.
It never charged my phone!
Balun stopped working after 8 months. Very disappointed with the product as it made me miss the last episode of Game of Thrones
Sucks I got it a year ago and everything just shut down on me when I checked for the fuses one fuse was out it came back one but the touch stopped working. Now I don't have a radio the remote that came with it doesn't even work from the beginning. It's crap don't buy it!
the radio didn't work
This thing sucked and broke immediately
I should of read the other 1 star reviews. At best all this is good for is to charge your base. I've tried all different hdmi cables and it doesn't work on my hd tv.
We have bought two pairs of these headphones and both have had the sound short out and fail within months. Cut but definitely not worth it.
1. They are not retractable 2. The sound quality is atrocious unless you love the sound of static in your ear. 3. Announcements are not made in English. I can't tell if the pleasant Asian sounding lady is saying the headphones are now connected, powering down or the battery is low. Overall, a complete waste of money.
I've purchased 2 of these, and the last one stopped working 2 weeks after receiving it. I think it was defected.
It worked great for like a day. After that, it won't work unles I take the case off and put it back on about a million times. Also, the aux port hole is so small the only thing you will be able to plug into it is actual ear pods. But don't try to use the charger port for earphones. That doesn't work either. Great concept, poor execution.
I will be returning. They turn off constantly or wont even connect after fully charging. After reading some of the reviews I thought these were a good choice but I was wrong.
Used to connect an Echo Dot to an Anker Sound Core and it buzzed. Other cables did not.
Finally used this and it did not work. Too long of a time had passed to return it.
did not work in my location
Cheap feeling. One headphone doesn't have any sound. There is a cracking noise as if the cords are damaged.
I was blown away by the sound quality. They fit my ears better then any buds I had ever tried. It's nice that they send you two of them and between the two I averaged a two week life expectancy. Both involved something in the wiring, going to attempt to dissect them later tonight. (to be fair I only lost sound in one side on each set, the short happens somewhere near the plug though)
Did not charge well. Cord for charger is loose and would not charge.
The thing broke down within less than a week of being delivered. I am very cautious with my electronic gear. I didn't break it, the thing simply stopped working and with new batteries in it. I'll never buy this brand again.
I purchase this Bluetooth speaker for my vacation. the mistake that i made was not trying it first before i left for my trip. Once i got to my destination, i was so excited to play music so i turned it on and low and behold it would start playing and then top within seconds. It kept turning off every time i turned it back on. I was so frustrated that i finally gave up on it. That was a waste of my money because i can't return it now.
Fortunately, Amazon started processing a refund immediately upon my call to them. But, I'd have rather had the headphones for my trip. Very disappointing.
This headset is very bad. He will fall off my ear. The time is short. The sound quality is also very blurry. very bad.
Powered up and used these for about 3 hours the day I received them. Seemed good, phone use, sound quality, earbuds a little big even after swapping the rubber piece to the smallest but I prepared for that. My ear canals are smaller than average. The next day, the headset wouldn't power on. I tried charging them but the blue light remained on while doing so. Blue light indicates fully charged. Not sure what happened here. Wasted money.
I gave 1 Star just to write a review They got stuck at port never arrived but maybe a good thing they may have been fake
Basic average micro-usb cord. I bought because it was listed specifically for a JAM Touch. I found out previously that ONLY my original manufacturer cord which came with my JAM Touch would it. Nothing else. And sadly I misplaced it. I bought this because it was stated it would charge a JAM Touch. No way!! I just wasted my $$ on false advertising. This cord is useless for me as I already had many of these basic micro-usb cords laying around. I WANTED ONE THAT WOULD ACTUALLY CHARGE A JAM TOUCH!!!!!! :(
I previously tried to give this product 3 stars because they kept falling out of my ears, but now they are giving me even more serious issues. Sometimes when I wear them, they literally will start shocking my ears, like when you touch something and get a shock because of static electricity. When this happens, they continuously shock my ears while I wear them and it kind of hurts, and also somehow they will turn the volume all the way up without me pressing any of the volume buttons on the ear phones or my phone. It's so weird. So I'll be walking around getting my ears shocked, and having to constantly turn the volume back down. I'm honestly a little afraid that they will explode or something... I don't know wtf is wrong with them. They don't do it all the time, but maybe 30% of the time I use these earphones I have this issue. Don't buy them.
Please do not buy this. Someone else wrote that their Nvidia Shield remote was super tight in the clip and broke. I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and try it with the same results. The shield remote was in the clip for a few days when the clip just broke apart out of the blue. It was extremely tight fitting it in. Very poor design, don't waste your money
They wouldn't work for my iPhone . Kept receiving a “non compatible” message
My iPhone X did not survive a small drop in this case. Don't skimp, by a guaranteed one
bad it broke easy and some dint work
Update: product broke after only a couple months of use after a particularly sunny day. The stem (which holds the phone grip to the base) came out and won't reattach. The adhesive on the base appears to be good only for one application. This product is really good (fantastic even, for Android users - more on that later.) It has two mounting options out of the box: Dash mount and vent mount. The dash mount option is surprisingly excellent - it comes with a really sticky adhesive that really does grip most dash materials, making for a great alternative to hogging an A/C vent in warmer climates. The clamping solution is great: Its electronic, and thus, automatically opens when your vehicle provides power or when you touch the bottom of the device. It automatically closes when your phone is placed against the back plate, touching the aforementioned bottom piece from within. My only "complaint" is that the device doesn't automatically open when power is cut to the mount. When I pull the key out of the ignition, power is cut to the mount, leaving me to have to "extract" my phone by "pushing/sliding" it up and out of the clamp surface. When power is restored next, the device opens up again.
Literally every vinyl I play has issues with skipping straight out of the package and the audio quality is poor even for a budget vinyl player.. I do not recommend this at all. It also shipped with a crack in the dust cover and despite my attempts to reach out to the seller, this has not been rectified. I can't say for sure if the skipping is a manufacturer defect with my specific player, or it is an issue with all of them, but I can say this is a major product fault.
The battery life is amazing, this thing works for multiple days without needing a charge, and you can even use it while it is charging. However, the left earbud is not working after less than a week of use - and get this - it stopped working while I was sitting in my chair not touching it. I heard what sounded like an electrical short through it, and then it stopped working completely. Very shoddy - definitely not working $50, I wouldn't pay $10 for something that doesn't work for an entire week.
Right jack stopped working after a week - returned and refunded. Was a 5-Star purchase until then.
Very thin metal. Locking tilt mechanism very unreliable.
Keyboard would not take a charge - charging cord never fit well. Keyboard would not connect via Bluetooth either- so unfortunately I never got to use it - it has been returned.
Junk. Buy amazon basics ones instead. Broke after a few weeks. Not even worth the envelope they were sent in.
Couldn't figure out how to connect it
We can't upload music to it because it comes with lousy directions. Thanks for nothing!
They broke within 10 minutes of using them, both of them not just one. I wish I could get a refund because it was complete crap.
Worked great for about a month. Literally 1 week after the Amazon return window ended, the screen stopped working. You can still hear the radio and change the volume and station with the knobs, just no video at all. This was in a vehicle that wasn't even a daily driver. Only actually got used 2-3 days per week.
Worst earphones ever. Just received mine a few days ago and the left one is already busted. Sound is awful and for some reason gives off an annoying static sound, especially on the left side (which coincidentally is the side that stopped working). Never buying another Skullcandy product again.
I initially bought these a few months ago (compared to price of real AirPods) and they were great- I raved about them to all my friends. My sister forgot headphones on a recent trip so I gave her mine thinking I would buy another great set of these upon return. My new ones came in and they are absolutely horrible I'm actually shocked. So if you're buying- be careful, quality is a hit or miss
Broke in less then 2 months at the joint doesn't stay put around your neck very well constantly adjust
Ordered the pack of two only received one Also cable cover are extremely damaged honestly the looked used
It's says that is Fast Charge for Samsung s6, but doesn't do fast charge. I have to return them.
They do totally suck only 1 works cant use when taking a call as a seller you should know your selling faulty Merchandice I would totally advise against anyone who thinks that they want to purchase these new most remember you get what you pay for if you don't play a lot you don't get a lot I cant even Find one reason to even keep them other Then to return them back to you the seller
Only worked on one side
Really bad quality. Used 3 times and stop working. Very disappointing..
They sent me returned goods from someone. Open box, damaged grille and missing parts. The box didn't have packing in it. The speakers hit each other. I talked to someone name Damian and emailed him pictures and he never got back to me. Also, it was supposed to be to me in 2 days. Almost a week. I would recommend tom do not do business with this vendor.
Do not buy!!! Spend the extra money for a better one
Cannot get this to work! Guess I got what I paid for. Buyer beware. I wish I would have read these reviews because I see most people are not happy with their purchases.
I really wanted the headphones to work out, however I received a lot of complaints about the sound quality when I was on the phone and had to switch to the speaker phone or another bluetooth headset. After the second week I started having trouble with getting them to connect to my cell phone and then they wouldn't work at all by the third week.
I bought this to replace my tv remote and it's broken. The battery lid falls off constantly and the buttons do not work. Do not buy... rip off!
Bought two pair. One broke immediately and I returned them. The other pair (pictured) lasted 5 months and totally broke. Too late to return, sadly. DON'T BUY!
I bought these to replace the battery in my car key. The original Sony battery had not needed to be replaced for over 2 years, however, these batteries need to be replaced every 2-3 months. Not worth your money.
I bought these a year ago, one worked very well, and one buzzed. But I had no trouble charging them and they were a good solution for an overseas flight, except for the one that buzzed. I used the good one again on a car ride to let my grandson watch movies on a car ride. My husband and I could listen to the radio and visit with each other without him noticing. Today I pulled them out to charge for my daughter to use on a plane. Neither one will charge, no light and the noise canceling is gone, if I switch on the noise canceling no sound comes through. These are a great idea, but they do not last and really, only one worked for noise canceling at the beginning. I bought them in May of last year, it is April now, not even a year of use. I had them stored carefully in their bags.
I didn't like this earphones because it last for 6 days, not months, DAYS! Not worth the money I paid for.
Didn't work well at all. Changed it to several positions.
I have used this pair of earphones for roughly two months and it suddenly stopped working. The overall sound and hardware quality is poor and so is their customer service. I definitely do not recommend this product.
This review is only for the NEW design of "waterproof" speaker for this listing. The first option looks sturdy but they offered a newer option that was a couple $ cheaper so I figured why not. It is the cheapest little speaker ever. Definitely not waterproof. Sound quality is eh, plus the "volume" button and "skip" button are the same so if you are trying to turn up a song you really like, you're most likely going to skip it. It worked for what I needed it for but definitely does not match the description of the original style listed.
My son received these for his bday in April. He was so excited! However, he got them back out while traveling over Thanksgiving and the internal battery will not hold a charge. He can only use them if attached to a plug in.
I purchased this product and less than 2 weeks it stoped working. Save your money, it does not work.
These headphones unfortunately stopped charging after a few weeks. Tried multiple outlets. Nothing would work. Worthless.
I cannot give it any stars. It was defective. I could not load any books or music. I was unable to reach anyone from their customer service department. I had to return it.
We works as expected
Used it for a month, was caught outdoors without an umbrella yesterday while it rained and now there is no more sound in the left side. Doubtful it is really waterproof.
Broke after 3 months, it cracked where the battery is connected to the case at the bottom, cheap product don't bother
Sound is decent to good. Worked ok the first couple of times I hooked up and used them. Then they wouldn't sync to work together. One would be at one word and the other at another. I read the instructions. I read all the write in questions and answers here. Nothing worked.
Using the same camera and cable I viewed the video on my TV and it was not "colorized" (as described in the title and as shown in the picture provided). So the only variable left is the USB 2.0 Audio/video Converter.
The shit that you send me one of them broke out of nowhere and the other one keeps going out
Waste of money. Cheap speaker power.
The battery is shorter in length than the original battery that was in the HTC 10. When battery was connected, phone started to smoke, so it was disconnected immediately. Returned the battery for refund. The original battery was put back, and the phone still works, but I'm now afraid to try any 3rd party replacement battery.
The battery life is abysmal-- maybe lasts 2 hours, the sound quality is atrocious, and the shape of the earbud is poorly designed and PAINFUL.
I have bought many Panasonic heaphones in the past and have always been please but this one sounds the worst of all. It gives headaches after a while
Needed second piece to get TV to work as monitor. So it will be returned because it didn't do the job I needed it to.
This could never be used in secret or in a hidden way, because this thing is HUGE!!!!!!
could not get this to work. wish I had returned it.
No longer charges after exactly 5 months on use. It is only used 2 hrs a day while traveling to work and battery must be charged each day.
Doesn't work well. Waste the money.
The product is only about 10" wide so it will not screw into both studs - NOT AS ADVERTISED.
We bought these batteries to work with our ARLO security camera. The majority of them are at 0% and are dead. Will be returning immediately.
Looks like it is poor quality. The connector (from battery to iphone) never could seat. I can still seat the old iphone connector, with a positive click. This battery's connector doesn't go in and does not click.
They both broke with in a week
The speaker came in and would not turn on. I charged it overnight and it would still not turn on unless it's state plugged in. I'm going to return it and order a new one and hope for the best.
They came damaged and now I can't figure out how to return them. Very upset. The sound is muffled in the right ear piece.
The reception is no where near what they claim, don't waste your money.
UPDATE: This thing is quickly turning into trash. The sound cuts out after only a few minutes of use. So along with having to reconnect every single time I turn the TV on, it barely works. Like I said below, the distance from the HAVIT and my speaker is less than 15 feet from each other. Looks like it's time to find a different product. I use this on my TV to connect to a bluetooth speaker. The distance between the TV/havit and the speaker is less than 15 feet. Most days it works great. Some days the sound skips. I do love that there is absolutely NO delay so the sound and picture are always in sync. I do NOT love the fact that I have to reconnect my TV/havit to the speaker every time I turn the devices on. I use the bluetooth speaker instead of the speakers on my TV because the TV speakers are BEHIND the TV so it makes hearing what's on nearly impossible unless the volume is up all the way. Having the bluetooth speaker close to where I'm sitting is great because I don't have to blast the sound. I just wish I didn't have to reconnect it every time.
1st day failure The magnet came off 1 out of 3 failed with in hour of use
Worked for my Galaxy s8 perfectly. BUT, flopped really bad with my iPad and my sisters iPhone. If I knew it wouldn't work with my apple products I would've purchased something else.
I searched hard for a case and based on the reviews landed on this one. Unfortunately that was a mistake and now I'm still on the hunt. Hopefully, someone will see this and save themselves the effort.
Not a charging station
My daughter's iPhone 7 kept saying that it wasn't a supported accessory. The base also separated from the plug when she removed it from the lightning port.
Waste of money. Out the packaging the sound was crackly and after a week they were completely done. I used them once for an hour and when I went to pick them up today they were dead.
I don't like that Anyone and Everyone can sell Products on Amazon and don't buy Beats Solo 3 Headsets they suck and there Customer Service is Horrible
Type-C male connection slips right off phone, so much that it is very frustrating. I place it to charge overnight to discover in the morning that my phone is dead with charge slipped off.
Return for replace with proof of purchase got run around when have two years replace so work but cheap end they gave me an run around on this issue when this bad business
Less than an year, it's no longer working. not worth it.
Product was bulky and does not fit in ears at all dont buy them.
doesn't work. thought I might be doing something wrong, but tested multiple different ways and nothing.
Idk what has changed but these headphones aren't as good as the first time I purchased them
Every record that we've tried on the player skips. Have tried multiple times and different records and it continues to have an issue.
Only had it for 2 months and it broke. Would like to speak with the seller about this item.
Only had it for a short time and the microphone stopped working,
This was the condition left outside my apartment unit. Wow. Anyone could have snatched it. I'm not impressed with the packaging.
HORRIBLE! In less than a month it has stopped working and is corroded in the battery compartment.
Big FAIL. I dropped my phone the day after installing this case. Two and a half ft fall into wood floors and now my NEW Samsung S8 has a shattered back. I do NOT recommend this 'case'.
Product has issues.. Battery dies really quick, loses connection , and then sometimes .. sounds some sort of an alarm on one of the ear pieces.. and doesn't reset till powered off... Etc etc..
Lasted less than three months. Didn't want to jump thru hoops for replacement so I bought one from Lowe's.
This product does not work well in the country and then the amp failed within the first day. I brought this hoping that the 360 degrees no aiming would work out great but could only pull in 3 channels until the amp went out. Waste of money.
the cable not working ! very low quality for the price
I ordered an open box item and received a defective item. The screw holes were off center causing the top plate to not bolt onto the poles properly. Obviously the first person who bought this item sent it back for the same reason but they still sent it to me. I returned it immediately but supposedly they never received it. So now I have no stands and was never issued a refund.
Within a few weeks of use the cable stopped functioning properly and the entire unit broke within 2 months of regular use
Bought this for my wife to use around the house while doing things. Was pretty happy with the performance for the money, however... As of a few days ago the speaker will not work and will not charge. Seems as though the USB port for charging might be cheap and loose. Have tried multiple different chords etc. with no success. Upon checking, the return window is 30 days and the support window is only 90 so it is outside of any recourse. So needless to say a speaker we've had for about seven months is dead and that's that. Not what I would consider a good buy.
SOUND QUALITY IS SHIT. Don't order this product. I sent it RIGHT back. Not sure why it had so many good reviews bc the sound quality is horrendous.
Thanks for sending me another battery free of charge after my original only lasted 3 months.. This is great customer service.
Don't buy. I followed their instruction for a claim but never received any response afterward.
Don't really understand how this case got such good reviews. I tried to use it but everyone I spoke to said they couldn't hear me well, that I sounded really muffled. Took the case off and it was fine. Also, the lining in the case is cloth and it catches every crumb so it makes it look very dirty very quickly. I put three cards in it and a couple bills and the case doesn't close. I would not recommend.
Headphones died after only 2 months of very limited use by my daughter. Don't buy!
Everyone could not hear me while on the phone. It felt like I was in the dinosaur era, all people hear was a roaring sound while talking.
Those junk batteries almost killed my device, one star!
I received the device promptly however, it stopped working the next day. :/ womp womp. I already had Beats so I didn't even bother returning and get another.
It worked great for 2 months, then the charger cord broke.
I received this product with the package sticker seal picked open, earbuds in the charger instead of the proper location and the earbuds “dirty”. I am very disappointed this product was sent to me.
Did not pick up channels it should be able to. Tried multiple positions with no success. Returned product
The piece that connects to a cell phone broke off within a month. I'm looking into exchanging or replacing it.
My family has a plasma monitor that we use instead of a standard flat screen television set, and it has recently been nice its decline. The monitor is coming up on 15 years old, and we were hoping to make this monitor last until we could afford to replace it. One of the main problems was that the picture keeps cutting in and out, so I thought that replacing the HDMI to DVI cord would at least help keep the picture stable. However, I tried it out today and was very dissatisfied. It did not help stabilize my picture AND it even looked as though the quality of the picture deteriorated further. If you are looking for a cord to use with an older tv model, try looking somewhere else.
HATE IT, got this as a gift for my brother. Looks super cheap, plastic looking, over heats my IPhone. I can't charge it for too long because my phone heats up quickly. Wish i could give 0 stars
faulty eq, doesn't work at all
Product did not arrive as claimed by Amazon.
Well, these were perfect until now, won't hold a charge, even after charging all night, so I can't connect them to anything.
After less than a month of occasional use- the holders are all loose and screws are stripped. Of course the item is no longer eligible for return, so it was a waste. I am sure there are much higher quality products that do the same thing.
I bought this in the beginning of April and we have used once or twice a month. It's now mid-July and it no longer works. It's was nice while it worked but lasting only 3.5 months is absurd. It no longer turns on
As my title indicates, this product is of very poor quality. The product description indicates that there is a gradient of 20 different light settings that the device goes through to gently wake you. It does not. It has 3 light settings - dim, bright and super bright. The first setting goes on 30 minutes prior to the alarm clock set time. It then hard transitions to the next brightest setting 15 minutes later and then to the brightest setting at the alarm time, which is also when the alarm sound starts up. That being said, that's how the product functions when the alarm actually works. Unfortunately, the alarm function doesn't always work, even when the alarm is set. My other issue with this alarm clock is the sound quality is bad. The "white noise" and alarm clock sounds are short loop tracks and sound very tinny. Also, even though there are volume up/down buttons that you can use when setting the alarm, the sounds always come on at the loudest setting when the alarm goes off. This product is not worth the money they're asking for it. I'm returning it for a refund.
Stopped working within one month...how do I get them replaced or a refund?
Hi I bought these recently cause I saw they had good reviews. They arrived in decent condition and everything, but when I plugged in the adapter it sparked. Every time I plugged it in, there would be a huge spark. This is dangerous and scared the hell out of me. Also, most of the five star reviews are fake and written by anonymous bots, so DO NOT TRUST THEM.
Burns out in a couple of months
After waiting two additional days for delivery and disappointing my son for his birthday, when they did arrive he had it out of the box for 5 minutes before he realized the screen was faulty....
I ordered lot of 4 only received 1
I ordered this product last week and it was supposed to be delivered on Monday the 25th. It's been 6 days since the “guaranteed delivery” date and it still has not been delivered. I called customer service to ask for an ETA and was told they don't have any information.. first guy told me it was probably purchased by someone else and the second girl told me to get a refund since she doesn't know what else she can do.... if you don't have the item, don't guarantee a delivery date. Disappointed.
Headphones are bent so they don't fit my head over well. Sound quality very poor.
These controllers are not that good. The cursor on super smash started to drag within the first couple plays. Now they are almost unusable because you'll just do random things in every game...except mario golf :/ Update: The joystick on one has now snapped off in little over a month.
Simply put, this headphone adapter is not supported by the iPhone, so I couldn't use my headphones. Very disappointed
Any slightly higher-pitched sound played through the speaker causes it to audibly vibrate. Any speech played through the speaker (like if you're watching a show or movie and someone is speaking) causes it to audibly vibrate and completely ruins the sound. This is a cheap piece of garbage that is not worth any amount of money. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. To be clear, this product was not damaged and I have no reason to believe I received a unit that would be different from any other.
Awful speaker, awful sound, terrible Bluetooth. It's garbage and I should have known better
Dead in the box, buy a better unit, NEW Dead in box DO NOT BUY You have been warned !!!!! Having to drive 50 miles to return it, where is the savings there !!!!!
After owning these batteries for a couple months and only 10 charge cycles max, both batteries are dead and will not work in my rebel t5
I have tried everything I know but this knock-off will not connect me to my own network. I am stuck using apple's pricey adapter
Not the right port for my iPhone 7 Plus so I gave them to my mother in law
This speaker has the appearance of a well made and well designed item. However, the internal rechargeable battery would not take a charge, even after 8 hours. I could not get the unit to turn on. Very disappointing! I can not imagine how a manufactured item can leave the factory floor without being tested.
Did not like the app that goes with it. When pressing on the screen it was difficult going to the next app. Cheaply made. Going to try a different smart watch. My kids liked it, but the time was incorrect. Did not know how to update the time. There was no manual to go with the watch.
This item was well reviewed so I bought it. It has been impossible to use since arrival. Now at 5 months age I cant change any setting, not with the front panel, not with the remote, not with the app. I hate this receiver. Worse yet, there is no way to return it. Amazon, I have ordered like a zillion things from you. If you are reading this, please help!!!!!
I live about a 2 minute drive from a major city. This antenna received no stations for my smart tv. I moved the antenna around. I had it in a window. I used the amplifier. The tv could not program any stations. I returned it.
Got it almost 2 months ago, it's barely left my room and it's already sounding like crap... Sounded great up until now. :(
It was good when it worked but.... It had no longevity. It lasted less than four months. From what I've read in the paperwork, There's no warranty listed past 30 days, so be aware when you make the purchase. Otherwise, the form factor is great. Maybe mine is faulty with lose wires. (That's usually my luck). But a 30 day warranty is too little. I will check on those more on my future purchases.
Very disappointed in this product . Bought for my 2 kids and tried to use flash drive and it will not play any pictures just the sound of the movie . In description says can play usb clearly it doesn't. Now my two toddlers won't have movies and a waste of money.
It lasted for about 2 weeks until it stopped charging. It is also quite pricey for just one piece of earphone. It is too big for my ear too.
The strap came off and the zipper broke with one week of use. Poor quality.
Disappointing....after 9 days..this is what happened...and it didn't fall to the ground
This item is no longer being used by me since it is heavy like a paperweight!!! Also the charging power is NOT great and in fact I think it sucks my battery down. Don't waste your money on this since there are better options out there.
Came with grease on it. Most importantly, the splitter only works when you rotate the plug to be at certain angles. When I try to move while using it the plug quickly moves out of the sweet spot and I can't hear anything. How hard can it be to make a simple audio splitter??
Too big for 10 year old ears!
I have had these less than a month and th ed left earbud has fallen apart. Ugh! I dont think I'll be buying these again.
Plug broke off inside my phone and now I can't get it out. The metal portion of the plug is secured very poorly and will rip off. Poorly made and will break your phone.
Sound was great until it completely died would not turn on after just a few months. Would not recommend!
Easily the worst-sounding set of ear buds I've ever heard. Considering the price, I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the quality but these sound absolutely terrible. Right ear bud didn't even work and cut out intermittently. Don't be lured in by all the 5 start reviews like I was.
This item does not work. It does not work for sound and it even doesn't work for the charger. Smh
Worthless. Does not work. Not supported by Apple.
What a waste of money it doesn't work it lights up an connects to my phone but no sound cones out
Complete waste of money. Didn't work since the minute I opened it. Can't believe they can get away with selling stuff like this.
It operates so slowly, and I hear a quiet grinding sound, so it makes me think it was dropped enough to be damaged but not completely broken. And I researched stereos for such a long time before settling on this one. I am so disappointed. To turn it on, I select "on" with the remote, which is so cheap and small it falls out of my hand, and then must stand and wait while the machine grinds along trying to start up. After several second - long enough to spend time looking out the window for awhile -- the CD comes on, and then I can select play all or repeat or whatever. It's as though this was the first stereo system using digital functionality. Let me repeat -- IT IS SO SLOW. I curse it every time I use it. Hope that helps. :}
This is absolutely bad quality. I just bought it last week and today it even stopped working It has biggest flaw of not working when receiving or making calls making drives so unsafe I have used aux cables earlier that have had better durability and I could talk on phone with aux Recommend not to buy it and get it from Walmart (has better for the same value)
Said that it would work for HTC One and it didn't!!! Definitely a waste of money because it doesn't work on any of my phones, i have note 4 also.
It fell apart, right after returning was no longer an option. very unhappy with quality
First one arrived dead and wouldn't charge, returned and got charged for the return. We tried again (liked the design), the second one lasted about 3 weeks until on of the ear buds failed. Don't buy this cheaply made product, it's junk.
Does not charge my laptop
I got this for the Bluetooth, which is very weak. Then tried using it with the mini plug and that quit. Now I have weak Bluetooth and a radio.
As near as I can tell, these are cheap knockoffs of the original design. I bought two because they are so inexpensive, and quickly learned why. I wrote this company, pointing out all of the differences and asking why, all they wanted was for me to return them and refund my money, ignoring every question. Finally I contacted Amazon and again pointed out the differences in quality and design; the logos are misplaced, there are no mics on the cables (when they come with cables -one set HAD no cable), the earpads are the wrong shape... suddenly I get a full refund. These are NOT the real SkullCandy HESH 2 headphones. VERY poor quality cheap copies, sold cheaply. Buyer beware.
I don't normally write reviews but this shit sucks. It's pile of ugly metal that doesn't do shit. It didnt Turn on, make a noise, or even light up when I plugged it in To charge. Doesn't work at all. Save your money
Horrible product. Bought two as Christmas gifts. Horrible sound quality and hard to hear. Both sets broke and since the people who for them were away at college I just got them back to be able to contact the seller and now there is no way to contact.
Disappointed, much to large! With that much room inside, the sound quality could of and should have been much better. Told a friend he could have it after the first day.of uses
I ordered one for dvd. Right on the box it said cd's. Husband tried to put a dvd in the stand and would not fit. We have 2 of these and they hold dvd's just fine.
It's horrible for me I can't get any good channels even though I live very close to downtown. Don't buy it
I bought this item as I went through a few similar ones in the past year. I keep loosing them as they fell off from around my neck. I bought this one for its magnetic feature which would keep this secure around my neck when not using. This item does not have any magnets; none, not just weak. Second, I spend several hours on the phone daily (conference calls, meetings). I needed something that does noise cancelling. It does not. It will pick up voices from across the hall. Finally, the length of this is shorter than others I had but I would not ding them for it as it still works.
It would not work w my phone at all. Tried everything.
Sorry but if you sell a product that requires the buyer to do something to maintain it then you should include instructions not just a bag.
Headphones worked for one month, sound quality was not the best. Reached out to customer support for help, they responded once and never again. DO NOT BUY.
It's extremely hard for me to get it set into the dock and stay so it actually acts like it's in docked mode. It takes me multiple tries and even then it has slowly popped out of the dock and switched it to handheld in the middle of me playing. Now combined with the fact that it doesn't allow for a wired internet connection with it plugged in makes it completely worthless to me. The picture is also extremely misleading on how long the cord is and I have no idea why they use it.
Absolute trash. Ii have them for less than a month and they break down. Unacceptable.
Received nonfunctioning antenna. Really want to like this product because of price and material quality, but if it doesn't work, finish quality doesn't matter. I am not sure how, but connecting this antenna to my Baofeng UV-5R actually messed up my radio. The speaker will not work on certain frequencies now. Really don't know how this happened, but it started doing this immediately when I connected the antenna. Returning for a refund to buy a new UV-5R.
It worked 20 minutes and then started turning around. Turned off and on a few times but the same, it went crazy. I had to return it the same day.
I got three, all of them broke within a week, sound quality was horrible and it would sometimes disconnect and randomly play my music out loud.
Stopped working after one use.
Never got it. Was send to another address
Cord went out after only a few hours
Product would not hold charge. Seems like its been used or defective
This is very poor. description is not what is shipped.
I ordered it twice and neither works.
Bought the 3 pack and received only one charger, I was basically ripped off
I am thrilled with the picture quality but I can't stand watching the great pic and sound become pixelated avery 10 to 30 seconds. Tried changing the amp switch from amber to green and no difference. All the local digital channels have the same issue and the TV is basically unwatchable with the constantly interrupted signal.
Bought to use on an airplane with an iPad. Didn't work at all. A faint music was heard in one pair and nothing in the other pair of headphones. Volume was maxed out. Spend the extra bucks on a better splitter.
It's not charging. I tried another wire and still not charging. Waste of money
It was DOA when I got it. I'm a uber driver and my customers need this device. The only reason that I haven't reported this earlier is because I don't have a iPhone so I have to wait for a pax to ask for it. Please replace so i could rate you properly... Thank you
I bought this remote specifically for the Microphone feature. I have several android boxes thru out my house some came with advanced remotes and some didn't. In this case I decided to get a advanced remote with microphone. I have managed to learn several IR signals from my stock remote however the Microphone button and Microphone in general is a No-Go. This makes this remote worthless. At this rate I should have bought a much cheaper one with no Microphone option. And for that purpose this is a 1 Star. Buyer beware.
Not clear and battery gone fast
just randomly stopped working
Didn't work after 2 months
Been using the case for three weeks and it just crumbled to pieces when picking up phone. Not happy.
They are very low quality! Don't buy them, they are so loose you have to push side pressure for them to work... In order to send my review they need at least one star? So that is why you see A star...
This did not work and it actually messed up my tv. I would say stay away from this product
I enjoyed using this product for about three months before the microphone stopped working.
I had this stored in my apartment for about a year. It worked when I first got it, but then when the time came to use it in a power outage it did NOT work. It is now a piece of junk. Buy something you can count on!
THIS PRODUCT DOESNT WORK WITH IPHONE 7. ALL YOU WILL GET IS AN ERROR MESSAGE THAT THIS DOESNT SUPPORT THE PRODUCT YOU ARE USING IT WITH.
While trying to recharge the batteries, the charger got very hot and started smoking.
They sent me the completely wrong cable. Wasn't even in the color I requested. I got an iPhone cable and I was supposed to get the cable for my note 10 plus
Battery doesn't charge, won't stay charged. Embarrassing at pool parties
Product stopped working one day past return window.
The sound is ok. Not terrible, not amazing. The hoops that the earpods are in fell off with regular use (nothing heavy, just wearing them at work while sitting down) on the first day. The plug has to be moved around a bit to get the sound right. The connectors inside must have already been loose when shipped to me. Save yourself the moment and buy another brand.
Very uncomfortable. And bad mic.
I was very disappointed with the portable car heater. It bearly heated up. The cord, where it plugged into cigarette lighter was hotter than the heating element. The fan was weak. There is probably more air current coming from a hummingbirds poot than this heater.
Had to return it after several days. Battery health rapidly diminishing. From about 60% and instantly drops to 7% while using the computer. Taking too long to charge. Feeling frustrated. Had to buy another make, So far so good. I must have gotten a bad one.
They worked great for the first couple days, but started getting static in one ear. Also, the charging port in the earbud case ripped out the bottom of the right earbud. I now am unable to charge the earbuds. Total waste of money.
I was very disappointed in this item. In my opinion it is very over rated and not worth the $
Very small and we can't use it to tie any item..
Good idea but doesn't fit on my daughter's head very good. It comes down on her forehead but then the speakers aren't over her ears.
Didn't work, plugged it in, nothing appeared on the lcd, press the power button still never turned on..,😞
It has no volume. Its only good for office. Were going to send it back.
I ordered this so that I can charge my phone and listen to music on my stereo/car at the same time and I kept getting an error message stating that it is not supported. and not only that but also this only worked to charge my phone. It would not work with any of my stereos.
I have been unable to install as the doorbell did not come with adequate screws and accessories to mount.
This adapter did not work for my IPhone X or the iPhone 7.
The package was missing the clear tube.
no battery came with it like the picture.
Doesn't fit Description need to be more specific.
Terrible... cheap knock-off I'm very dissatisfied
Even as a beginner, this purchase was an immense disappointment. Do not buy this or any other suitcase-style record player. They can damage your records, and the sound is worse than if you were to play the music from your cell phone.
Did not fit standard antenna port. Waste of money!
Only lasts a month until it goes to junk. Happened to me twice.
Fell out of my ears while I was working out. Had to try to readjust them multiple times. Sound quality was poor as well.
These Suck. I bought them because every review was how great they are.. they are not loud at ALL. Bass is not great. I can't believe people say the bass is amazing. It's not I'm going to buy some beats
Both sets quit working after 2 weeks. Really not happy.
It worked a couple times then stopped. My husband borrowed it I told him it didn't work but turns out it worked for him. Now it doesn't work for either of us. Makes no sense.
This headset broke in half after only a few uses. It has a nice carry case and the look and feel is good but after only using a few times it broker in half when taking it off. I'm past the return time so I'm stuck with this bad purchase. I want to warn others so you don't waste your money.
DO NOT BUY THIS. It doesn't work.
Item burnt out in a puff of smoke in less than a month.
Not working for me, no idea why
Very flimsy, lid doesn't even stay on
Item was defective 2 times and the seller didn't want to get back to me for the warranty very poor communication.
Inconsistent and I could never get it to work properly. It's a shame because I really liked the idea and have previously used another company's device that used the 2G cell system.
Ordered a new blue speaker and they sent a used black one with fingerprints all on it scratched up . It looked like someone threw it in the box. Not properly packaged came with nothing.
My previous pair of Bluetooth earbuds broke (got stepped on) and boy do I regret just not buying them again. Instead I went looking and found this pair I thought I'd give a try. I bought them last weekend and went to use them just the other day. I left them to charge for 24 hours. Cool. Afterwards I fought to try and get them to pair. By the description you should be able to take them out and they're ready to pair automatically. Well mine not so much. I've tried everything to try and get them to work, but all they do is turn on and off with no other functions. I couldn't find online tutorials that were clear enough to fix this dilemma either. I'm really bummed out because these are sleek and they actually fit in my ear (which is a big wowzer since any other pair I buy slips out). I'm really annoyed because I could have really used them the other day. Will be returning for a refund.
This battery does not hold a charge for more than two seconds! Waste of money!
Even if you put 3 stickers together, the headset still falls off your ear
I never got it was delivery to a wrong address Sorry
There's an extremely annoying and loud staticky noise in the right headphone. It is not usable.
didn't work not fit with my ipad
Didn't do anything, unless you never clean your ears. Waste of money!
About the only thing good was that they were comfortable. Telephone calls could barely be heard, audio playback, radio could barely be heard. And that was in a quiet environment. Sound was tinny.
Did not help and actually did the opposite. Maybe a defect in manufacturing?
Item only worked for about 4 months the. Stopped charging
First off, when the case arrived it wasn't in a sealed box. It was missing the tape that hold in in its box, so either it was opened previously or a return from someone else. Second, it would not charge my phone. Third, it would not work with my iPhone 7 plus's headphone (even though the description said it will). Totally waste of time:(
They were okay at first. I read through all the reviews and was impressed enough to give them a try. Initially, I was dubious about the silicon ear insert. This turned out to be justified as I would sweat them right out of my ear during workouts. So...I bought some foam inserts. That solved the falling out of ear problem...kinda....I am a prolific sweater and did not hold this against the earphone design. My major issue, and the one that is causing me to give it one star, is the fact that two weeks into ownership they have already stopped working together as a unit when both are inserted into my ears. They are designed to work seperately and, when both are plugged into your year and powered on, they combine their powers into what they call TWS. This is supposed to give you a rich, full sound right in the middle of your head...it is excellent when it works. However, mine STOPPED working and won't start again. So....fail.
I brought this specifically because of the "bling." The ball detached from the rest of the chain within a few weeks. Unfortunate because I loved it and got so many compliments.
After 3 weeks of use the pattern on the band began to fade to white. After 5 weeks the cutout that holds the vivofit jr in place ripped. I contacted the seller - he honored the warranty and refunded my money.
I don't like it, works when it wants too
Although I was able to put the table together, it was impossible to level it or tighten the legs. When I tightened one leg, another one would become loose and so on. The legs are each in two pieces and splay. This table is too flimsy to use for a turntable, which should be placed on a solid and level surface. I had to return it.
The first day I used it I plugged the charger into the car cigarette lighter port and the charger tip fell apart, currently trying to figure out how to contact the producer about getting a replacement car charger...
This was to work with my TV and Bluetooth Speakers, well it would not pair and my TV had no sound when it was connected.
It doesn't have heart rate monitor only pedometer
If I can't get the audio files to my PC or Mac this thing becomes useless. After following the sub-par instructions to connect to either my macbook or windows 10 machine, the device is not detected on either, using multiple different micro usb cables. The OTG cable setup included makes no sense for connecting this to a mac/pc. I've already submitted for a refund within minutes of receiving the device as I can tell it doesn't work as advertised - or this is a defective unit. Either way its a little too pricey to hold on too for a 5000mah power bank alone.
My husband read up and ordered this as a two in one fan plus controller charger. It doesn't charge our controllers even though they are listed as compatible. So basically we overpaid for a fan.......too much trouble to send back and start over so we took the loss.
Only lasted 4 months. Poorly made, very cheap. Back broke as it was very thin at this point.
Bought this unit and initially didn't have any problems with pairing, but then BT connectivity was spotty and then after several months the unit stopped working altogether. Won't even turn on. Like others, it was plugged into a power strip, was never abused, etc. And now it won't power on, nothing. I would not recommend it, the price was definitely too good to be true. I am trying to figure out how I can get a replacement or something from Vizio.
Keep in mind I'm reviewing a referbished speaker. Charged the speaker for an hour, didn't hold a charge. Speaker was crackling at a medium volume. If you want this speaker, buy new
Sound quality: 0. Another cheep purchase which I regret. I'd rather had spent the bucks on a good coffee :)
Parts missing, I asked to receive them... their answer : send back for a refund . That's not the answer I wanted to hear !!!
These suck as far as lasting. I'm on my 3rd pair in one year. The battery life and sound are great. However, they will eventually just shut off and you cannot turn them on again. I have got Apple to send yet another pair for free. This will be the 3rd pair since Aug of 2017. It's Sept of 2018
Did not receive Entire Order. Called & cancel the part of the order I didn't receive. I was told I would Have a refund & someone would call me. NO calls or contact , or refund at this point & time ??????
The headphones are 5 star, however the seller sent them “as new” without charging or aux cables
Cannot use either of the two adapters that I ordered. Both have given me a message saying that the accessory is not supported by Apple. Complete waste of time and money.
Had the speakers for three months now under the eve at my house now all I have is Twitter no bass sounded great when new sound terrible now would love to return
Was fantastic while it worked. Used it three times before it completely broke. Used it twice on the four wheeler, one day on the boat. I don't think it liked the salt from the water. The system is perfect for anything that's not outdoorsy.
won't stay connected to my phone.
I hate it because I never received it....the package was empty at my door. I tried to contact the seller but received no response.
Picture is blur and dark from any distance. Useless.
Too much interferences.
This is my Secound review. It was lucky it got 1 star ! This has to be the worst thing ever produced bar non. I mentioned in my first review that even the neighbor couldn't get to alert. This time I had the xfinity repair man over to do something on my TV and just asked him if he would look at it. He was coming back in two days to finish the job so I let him take the alert radio with him. When he came back with the Radio Shack alert radio and instruction book....he. told me it was the worst thing he ever saw. Oh well.
The earphones stop working after a day of using.
I have bought a few Sentry earbuds, mostly from Big Lots, and they last pretty well and sounded good for the money. These are nothing like the others. They list 20 Hz - 20 kHz frequency response on the packaging which is not remotely accurate.
Too small, alarm is like a fog horn
Nice and loud. The adjustment screw was either sent out broken or broke in shipping
Didn't work straight out of the box. Amazon says it is not eligible for return.
Didn't work had to send back
It didn't work. I kept getting a notice that says this item is not compatible with your iPhone. And it just would not work
These look good but they don't work with my iPhone XR. Get an error message saying they are not the right accessory for the phone. The sound is diverted back to the speakers. Annoying!
NOT RECOMMENDED, Very bad, battery goes from 100% to 20% during night, in standby, no way!, this is a very bad product,NOT RECOMMENDED
One battery didnt work when it came, other one lasted a week before it didnt charge anymore.
The product doesn't work. I do not recommend this!
After receiving product and placing on phone found it cracked next day. Never dropped it, or banged it. Sent email to site along with picture. Never heard back about this from anyone from the company. Very disappointed with product and lack of customer support from the company. I do not feel that I could recommend this to anyone.
Paired without issue, but no one could hear me nor I could not hear them For about the same price you can buy a standard LG Tone
The sound quality was decent for the price. The headphones stopped worked after less than a year of normal use.
I was not able to get any reception at all with this antenna indoors. Our TV was within 5 miles of the major TV stations and still would not receive any of them.
never received it and got a refund
Does not work with iphone.
Doesn't work for playing music. Stops after a couple of seconds
Didn't fit in my ears
None of the chargers that came in the small kit worked. None of them.
Connected to a Phillip's HDTV coax and doesnt work. Connected to a tcl roku TV and doesnt work. The intent was connecting a hdmi splitter from xbox one s to both TVs. The Phillip's is in another room with coax support. The coax line itself works. This box is not converting the signal from hdmi feed
lighting is ok but speakers suck and are really buzzy
A waste of money and a lot of aggravation. I received a battery that was defective immediately,the replacement battery lasted 6 months and is now junk. My authentic batteries last and last so I know that it's not my tools or chargers.
Cheap price for cheap quality. Never could get left bud to pair up. Right one did with no problem but sound quality definitely matches the cheap price. You get what you pay for...or not!
12v cord died within a day, charges incredibly slowly for some reason. I've used many Nitecore charges in the past and never had an issue, not sure what's up with this one.
Bluetooth kept getting disconnected from phone
I asked for a close up of the photo and got no response. It looks like the newspaper on my stoop. I did NOT get this product. I was home all day Sunday. No knock or ringing a door bell. How do I know your delivery person didn't just pick it back up. Would not use this seller.
This was the second wireless IR remote control extender I tried in the past four weeks. This one did not work, at all. None of the devices I tried to control, two TV sets, a cable box, and a DVD player, responded to the receiver no matter how I tried to position the receiver. No response whatsoever. I could see the LEDs one the transmitter as well as the receiver blink when the buttons on the remote control were pushed, but no response from the devices being controlled.
My pair never worked and amazon is ignoring me, terrible customer service
Broke the 6th day of getting it
Easy to install but the tracking is way off.
This supposedly green CD player was ordered for a boy. When it came it was turquoise or probably turquoise-blue. Totally inappropriate!! I believe the box also showed green
Headphone sound is spotty at best. There is frequent static unless I twist the cord in the input in phone. Sound goes in and out, but when the head phones do work, the sound quality is good.
Worked okay for the first month and a half to two months and then started randomly cutting out. Now if it plays for 15 seconds out of every minute I would be surprised. I would definitely not buy this again.
First time I plugged something into it, the red plastic protector strips inside broken and jammed. After 2 more uses, the same thing happened to another of the sockets. Now there's broken off pieces (, any maybe metal springs) in the device... not something you want with mains electricity. It's so flimsy.
Complete waste of money,These headphones broke apart the first week I used them.
I NEVER RECEIVED MY ORDER, I FOLLOWED TO STEPS TO SUBMIT A CLAIM, SUCH AS EMAILING SELLER, HE NEVER RESPONDED. I GAVE HIM 48 HOURS TO RESPOND, STILL NO RESPONSE TIL THIS DAY. CANNOT FILE A CLAIM EITHER BECAUSE AMAZON HAS THE PORTION DISABLED UNDER THE "ORDER" VERY POOR ON SELLER AND AMAZON QUITE FRANKLY TO BE AN AMAZON PRIME MEMEBER AT THAT!!!!
I bought to take with me to Europe. The item description says it can work with hairdryers and that was the only reason I bought this item. Once I came to Europe specifically Estonia where electricity 220 V, it not only did not work but blew up my hairdryer. I just came back and trying to return these items and I can't, because the return window has passed, and being in Europe there was no way I could return it. Now I stuck with these useless pieces of crap and out of my money.
NOTICE WORD SCAM. IT IS SCAM AND DOES NOT WORK
Apple does not support this cord. Works for a second or two, but that is it. Would return if I had the packaging it came in.
Doesn't work and will be returning.
This cord does not work with my iPhone 7. Very disappointing
I have no if they even worked because as soon as i opened the package, I noticed the ear buds are not the same size as the apple. They are much bigger and awkward in ears. returned.
Poor sound quality, often disconnected
Received battery yesterday used it for 8 hours and battery died! This battery useless!
The original date for delivering was Dec. 4 and did not arrive until the 18th. To make matters worse the product looked as if it had been used or refurbished. The inside of the packaging was cracked with no damage to the outside packaging which caught my attention to further inspect my son's headphones. I then found the inner piece to be chipped along the inside and edges. The earpiece looked as if they were new so I'm wondering if I had been giving refurbished headphones when I clearly ordered new ones.
The audio quality was so bad that after one call, I put them back in their box and returned them. It may also be useful to know that even though these are not bluetooth earphones, you have to connect your bluetooth to a "lightning" device for them to work. If you order and use 2 of them (which I did), you'll have 2 lightning bluetooth connections without knowing which one is for which set. Terrible product. I don't understand where all the good reviews are coming from. Find something else to spend your money on.
Can't get the headphones synced to my phone's Bluetooth. Have since tried to sync them to 2 other phones and still will not sync up to any device.
Connected 4K Roku to receiver via this cable. Many drop-outs, blank screens, digital noise. Replaced with another cheaper looking cable I had lying around and all issues went away. Seems I got a dud.
Complete waste of money. These replacements won't fit as advertised. Ridiculously low quality foam. Tried to return them but the seller won't accept returns. They're going right in the trash can where they belong.
What drew me to this alarm clock was the sleek, modern mirror design. When I got the clock, it was really disappointing. First off, the quality of the clock isn't really there. It's light-weight and the material feels rather cheap. The power cord easily disconnects from the clock with every small movement. Also the buttons on mine were misplaced. The “M” button was suppose to be where the “-“ button is. I figured that out after struggling to set up the clock with the directions. The time display is pretty bright, even on the lowest setting so if you prefer sleeping with minimum amounts of light, I would not recommend this clock. The best thing about this clock is the large time display. It's easy to read from far distances. The alarm function wasn't bad, just your typical alarm beeping sound. The alarm worked fine. I really wanted to like this alarm clock, but ended up being really disappointed.
I've done a number of phone screens. So I know you have to clean it, get the dust off, etc. So in putting this on it wasn't as easy due to the size and just captured too many particles. From there I tried to fix it. But it only got worse. :(
Doesn't work in rural area.
TV does not recognize the Digital input. also the sound quality isn't the greatest.
Battery failed in UPS unit only after 18 months.
Discord didn't work with my device
Does not work with iPhone dont waste your money!
Intermittent, Poor manufacturing
Ok. Does anyone else have an issue with the day of the week? It's two days ahead. I don't understand what i'm doing wrong.
I chose this case because I love the color but when it came it is not the color of the picture. The clasp was cheap and did not lock. I hap plan to send it back but waited to late. Don't buy.
Three of the five cords we purchased stopped working within a month. They do nothing when you plug them in - no charging at all. I'm sure the other two will break before long... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE CORDS!
Nice compact design, but unfortunately mine stopped working one day after receiving it.
In theory, it is a great product but the reality is not the case. The clock worked perfectly for two days after that, the alarm was set but turned itself off in the middle of the night. The clock switched from 12 hours to 24 hours during the day. The light was difficult to turn off, opposite of what the instructions say. Disappointed.
Bought this for a sweet neighbor. She brought it back to me:(. It clicks and scratches and you can't hear a thing:(. I missed the return window by 5 days:(. So sad:(
Doesn't work well at all. Quit in less then a month. Never worked great.
Love the case however I received it damaged.
I ordered a Tech 21 clear case for my phone and received some sort of tempered glass piece.
I spent 3 hours trying to program the wand and I even changed the remote's frequency. The only thing I wanted for my birthday. If I could give it 0 stars I could. DO NOT BUY!!!
If I put y phone in my pocket the sound quality goes in and out. Very cheap
Wrong size for my turntable, which was listed as correct for this belt.
does not work and too late to return
We bought this product and it only lasted three months now instead of charging our phones it discharges our phone so this product is not good because it doesn't last. I mean really you pay this money for something like this and it only last three months awful product. This product doesn't even deserve the one star that I give it but you can't give it zero stars
The left earpiece kept dropping connection to a point it got irritating, so sent it back.
Was excited for the case but the top half for the lid is loose and just falls off not snug at all. Bottom half is good, I really wanted to like this product. AirPod Gen 2.
This adapter has two defects: 1. audio output was not functioning, no sound out. 2. The connection was not stable. It appeared black screen in the middle of presentation. Not recommended.
The DAC wasn't "plug and play" as advertised; Windows didn't recognize it upon connection via USB. Fosi website doesn't offer any driver support, so there's no way to get it to function properly. I see several other reviews where PC connection was attempted also they didn't get any sound. This is a driver issue. Sending it back.
Never received item. I was sent diy soap molds instead of this item. But I was refunded and I sent the molds back.
Not true 12 gauge same size as 16 gauge
just bought it 5 days ago and the charging port no longer works
The case is not as the picture show, the size doesn't fit AA just right like the picture show.
This product lasted for 30 days just long enough so the return window closed... Absolutely defective product line and I would beware of ordering any products from this company and making sure the product works 100% before the return window closes
I have an $8 antenna stuck in a paint roller frame on a 5 ft handle stuck in a boat trailer winch post that gets 8 more channels and has better signal than this thing mounted in the same area on a 15 ft pole. Waste of money will return.
These don't work consistently. They sometimes do, but not regularly. It was a waste of money.
The wrong part and they was returned
Bought this in late May and a month and a half later it's no longer working. I've used it once to try it when I got it and now it's dead. This product is no good.
That satellite finder is not useful, just by connecting it to the disk and the receiver already emits a sound without even addressing the dish
It stopped charging only after 3 months of using.
had the player for about a month now it will now not connect to blue tooth headset, headset is fine works with other blue tooth devices. The menu system on player is ridiculous, No shortcut to settings, bunch of guesses to navigate it, blue tooth does not stay set to be on so that needs to be set every time.The only thing I liked was the clip but now that is useless
The white plugs and jacks are very brittle. They only work one time. Also pins are not locking in the jacks. If your only going to use one time then find. But in my case with 3d printers have to swap out fans and these are not holding up. They just made the product with the wrong type of plastic.
One of the ears stopped working three days after the purchase. Otherwise, it was a good find with great sound quality.
*UPDATE* Didn't last 3 months and now the mic doesn't work. Son loves them
Do not waste your time doesn't work at all I only gave it a star because it requires it
The band that holds the headset together split in two.
Extremely disappointed with this purchase and would return if I could. Alarm sounds are annoying, making the buttons work is a chore, and it took me 10 minutes each night to set the alarm for the following day.
Poor connection on the female jack side. I am constantly having to twist and pull at male plug to get it to work.
Digs into your wrist and not worth it.
This is the second pair of earbuds I have purchased. The first pair one of the earbuds wouldn't pair with my iPhone. This pair of earbuds has terrible sound quality. They have no volume and sound very tinny. In the write up for these earbuds it says they have deep base sound. Try no base at all. I'm returning these and getting a pair of Bose earbuds. You get what you pay for.
I never got my product.
These were a present and quit working after two weeks. I had to return them. The seller was very pleasant and quick with a refund though.
Box had dings and dents. No seal as if it were open and/or resold as new. The device it self had marks on it. Remote was scratched. Also found hair with in the box.
Worked for just over 2 months. Started out with great fidelity for just over a month, just long enough for the return window to close. When it failed, it started sounding tinny and would not connect without having to reconnect every time. Finally, it caused the Bluetooth receiver to malfunction necessitating a reboot before the Bluetooth receiver would work again. Was a pity, sounded great while it worked, looks like you do get what you paid for but I would have hoped it worked for more than 2 months.
Bought all this and none worked on my tv. Waste of money
not what i thought it was gonna be. cost to much to send back would only get half my money back so kept. it. it's CHEAP Not good quality at all!
Couldn't get both to sync at the same time
I am totally frustrated with this product. The FM seems to work properly but it will not accept a Bluetooth input or even a direct connection to the Aux input. I have tried three different Bluetooth devices and a hardwired input from a tv to the speaker and nothing will work. I have spent a lot of extra money and time trying to get it to work to no avail. The user manual is just about worthless, just about what the unit itself is worth as of right now. Even the remote control seems to be difficult. The buttons do not respond with any consistency and it's hard to tell if it is even working as it it should. I am waiting to hear back from the seller, so I'll update this review when and if things get resolved.
the sound qaulity of these units is terrible. You got get a super tight fit in your ear and them maybe they sound ok. I returned these and purchased the airpods and I am so happy night and day.
Worked for 5 hours then blinks red light. Junk. Spend Money get a good one
Could not get it to track in the US. Even with help, correct location couldn't be located.
The product works and sounds good, but unfortunately I only got one use out of it before it broke. The line out plug in on the back of the unit pushed back into the speaker and now I'm not able to use the second speaker. In addition to that I noticed the shell is also cracked already.
There was too much base and adjusting it didn't help. Our receiver has been checked out and is fine.
After 45 seconds the sound cuts out and the phone say device is not supported.
I recieved a fake product, I specifically selected Samsung as brand filter when searching for this charger and I just received a generic knockoff. I just purchased the original one at Best buy to compare the two of the products.
The item was fake. Then i was charged to ship them back. Nobody has gotten back to me in regard to my claim. And I am out shipping. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PLACE.
Didn't work for me, and I'm in San Antonio city limits
This is not what I ordered. You sent the wrong product. I ordered the MP3 player not a digital recorder
Complete junk. Save your money. These are made in Mexico and are even worse than the Chinese made ones. The reflective coating started peeling off in 1 week. Of course it got very dim at that point. Not that it was very bright to begin with. I had to set brightness almost to the max. I don't expect the same quality as $100 bulb, but these are useless. Apparently nobody makes a decent lamp for these tv's anymore. I've bought what was represented as Phillips bulbs for much more money and their not a lot better. They also didn't come in a Phillips box, so I assume their knockoffs.
Absolute Junk. Didn't work right out of the box. Crackles when you move your head and erratic volume control. Don't waste your money. This was a gift given and we didn't realize the problems because they didn't want to embarrass us that we have worthless earbuds.
Horrible, could not hear anything from them
I received my AirPods case on the Sep the 12 and 10 days later it falls apart and I'm so disappointed because this AirPods case is so pretty and cute I was thinking about buying another one but not until this one gets replaced
I tried for my android phone, Nintendo switch, and computer. It did not work for any devices.
We thought these would last because the wire retracted but there was a short in the wire and by week two and then they didn't work...
Worse reception than a digital antenna I purchased 3+ years ago.
Well I have had this switch for 4 months and it worked flawlessly until today. Today the switch smoked and is no longer usable. I do not recommend the product due to it being a fire hazard.
Does not work with apple products. I have the iPhone XR and when playing music it will cut off and says it is not supported by apple.
I liked it but after 2 months, folks are asking me to repeat myself. I didn't buy warranty but wouldn't want another pair. LG's are better.
Gave as a Christmas gift. The plug broke in March. For the money, you'd think they would last more then 3 months. My son used them for gaming. Didn't use them out and about. Very disappointed
Got this case Used and broken
We had an old antenna, made by Besthing, but it's chord was damaged so we purchased this one to replace it. Lost a ton of channels, and the others had awful reception. We went back to using the old antenna, because even with a frayed chord, it still worked better than this one.
The pair I got adds clearly audible noise to the signal. I hear the noise click on and off as the units starts and stops receiving a signal. I'm also not crazy about the asymmetric design, but maybe that's convenient for some people somehow. This might be the most negative review I've ever posted -- the pair I got are just barely tolerable due to the noise.
I was disappointed to see that this is not ebony as described, it appears to be stained boxwood and in my picture you can see where the black stain did not evenly coat the boxwood. The back side has some splintering too near the scooped section of the fingerboard which is something you don't see with ebony. I had to return it and will buy one elsewhere.
I bought this 6 months ago. Sound quality is fine. However, the usb connector for charging is defective. I can not use it because I can not charge it anymore. So I do not recommend this.
This pedestal product for the Google Home Mini is useless. The pedestal has no support for the Mini to sit on. The Google Home Mini slides right off. Had there been a way to click the two together or have the pedestal have a better lip/cupping, I would be happy with the pedestal.
These were not worth the money. Very soon after I began wearing them, they began to stretch and became too big for my head. Most every night I had to adjust the position of the earpieces/speakers which made them stretch even more. Very disappointed!
Just now had to use this and open the package only to find out this cord didn't work. Had to go buy another one.
I am sending it back. The speakers were blown the battery life was only 3 hours.
This cable doesn't work. Don't spend your money on this. It won't even let you return this non working aux cable.
I normally don't write reviews but I am incredibly upset at the quality of these headphones. Within two months of ownership, the headphones died suddenly. They will not charge or turn on. They are still in otherwise perfect condition and have not experienced any damage whatsoever. Do not purchase these and expect a long lifetime. Sennheiser is also incredibly difficult to work with regarding the warranty. Look elsewhere if you plan on spending this much.
I was sent the wrong the pattern which is a seller issue. The problem with these is the front tab doesn't lie flat so it's always in the way when your trying to see the screen. I'd recommend paying a bit more for a better quality case.
I had my speaker since April It won't charge anymore
My wife and I bought this to replace our cheapo Vizio soundbar that has been dying. This Polk bar offered similar features to the Vizio one we bought, but also includes a built-in Alexa. 300$ was a bit much for a soundbar but the Alexa made us think it would be worth the price. We were wrong. The first thing we noticed was the bar was noticeably thicker and longer than our Vizio, and we had to move our TV around to fit it on the stand. Also the subwoofer was awkwardly cone-shaped and felt like cheap plastic. The box contains generously both an HDMI cord and an optical audio cord, which is nice. We connected the bar and followed the instructions for the initial setup. Turns out you need to download a mobile app to setup the Polk, separate to the standard Alexa app we already used. After downloading the app, we of course now need to create a Polk account to sign in. I reluctantly performed all this hoping it was just for a first time setup, but unfortunately I could not find a way to use the Polk Alexa from the Alexa app. The Polk app itself is fairly barren compared to the Alexa app. We completed the setup, and the TV finds the soundbar pretty quickly through the CEC, which is great. But then we notice just how LOUD Alexa is, much louder than the show we were testing the volume with. The Alexa voice does NOT have a separate volume control anywhere, and will always be louder than the TV output. So if we are sitting at the ideal volume for our show, and then ask Alexa to turn off the lights, she will SHOUT back at us. This is a feature that the Polk app desperately needed. One of the features we tested with the Polk Alexa was to have it play Spotify, which it did like we wanted. But when we told it to stop, it would not automatically resume playing TV sound. After fumbling with voice commands for 5-10 minutes, we had to use the remote to force it back to TV HDMI input. We dug through the rather small manual trying to find the appropriate voice command, only to eventually find it on the Polk app of all places, hidden under some menus. The phrase was something like "Alexa, set input to TV" and if you said anything less than exactly that phrase, Alexa would refuse. Normally Alexa allows for some flexibility in the way you issue commands, so this was frustrating to remember exactly how to phrase it. Regarding the sound quality itself, we were extremely disappointed. So disappointed that we decided to stay with our dying Vizio for a while longer than suffer using the Polk. Our bedroom is probably considered medium-sized, comfortable but not huge. At first I said to my wife "The sound doesn't seem much different than the TV speakers", which I soon discovered was because the TV speakers were overpowering the sound bar. I turned off the TV speakers so I could judge the bar by itself, and was shocked at how poor the quality was. I could not clearly hear sound from the Polk soundbar from greater than 7 or 8 feet away, and increasing the volume certainly made it louder but not clearer. After spending the better half of my day trying to convince myself to accept the Polk, we decided to cut our losses and go back to the Vizio.
Battery life was not good at all!
After having the headphone for only two months, one of the headphones broke and now dangles. I loved the headphones but am very disappointed that they broke so quickly, with light wear.
The product didn't work. My phone would say accessory in valid.
It had a short in wire in one week
First, connecting to my phone was challenging because the instructions were not correct with how to pair. I ended up trying random button combos, to my success after many attempts. Lastly, the first time I used it was in the shower (as advertised) and after only a few minutes it turned off and will not turn back on. Disappointed
USB ports stopped working after two uses.
The headphones work for 10 seconds than the iPhone will message "This is not an authorized product" stops working
Not a good sound at all. I've had another pair for about 7 years and they were wearing out. These give such a muffled sound that I don't use them.
Honestly I loved these headphones for swimming I can't imagine swimming without them. My issue is with their customer service. I understand that electronics and water don't mix usually so I bought the warranty. Sure enough 2 months after I purchased these headphones they stopped working which is annoying but fine whatever I bought the warranty. I filed my claim with Pyle and they said that they would ship my new pair of headphones. It's been over two weeks and the item hasn't even been shipped. I followed up with the customer service 6 times over 2 weeks before they sent me a tracking number and they haven't even been shipped yet. Headphones should not break within 2 months of purchase but if they do and You have a warranty send the replacement. But I get it sometimes things are out of stock, however I should not have to follow up 6 different times just to get a response. Literally not even a hello or an apology for ignoring my emails they just sent the tracking number like sorry I bothered you for asking you to do your job.
Tech support missing
Is this not the price range for reliable headphones? Worked great for 2 weeks. Tried to turn them on and after some high pitched screaming coming from both ear pieces nothing happened. Don't buy.
This is a piece of junk that broke in a few months. Please pay attention to that this is made in China, that tells you enough.
Really poor quality! It has nothing to do with the previous generation. Material is bad quality and the sound is really poor.
I'm so bummed I missed the return window. This does not slowly brighten and the light is not adjustable like it says it is. If you like waking up to a spotlight in your face 30 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off, then this is the clock for you! Just recently, the alarm button broke and won't turn off at all. What a waste.
Very bad product. I have order 1 of this last year. It last only a few month. I didn't return it because due to return policy you need to pay to shipping which cost the same as the product or similar. I order a new one. This one was worst than the previous one. Please see other products this is clearly a very bad deal
Although it is a low-cost item the quality still wasn't worth the purchase. Very fragile and with cheap materials. I am a teacher and I bought them as headphone spares, but I am willing to upgrade to a better headphone even though it will cost a little more money.
I love my 200mm 2.8 lens but the backpack made by Altura, that came with the bundle, has a big tear near the handle after less then a year of normal photography related use, if the bundle is important to you, then don't get this one.
Comes neat but doesn't fit properly on any charger.
The cable stopped working. The only way to get "normal" sound is if I press my finger and hold it against the headphone jack and even then it sounds like it's underwater. Something wrong with the connector. All other headphones work fine in my phone jack, but after half a dozen uses, these headphones stopped working. Tested it on other devices and it's definitely the plug on these headphones. Would not buy again.
Used both all ready. First one broke and the second flew off the watch as neither stuck to the watch well. Too bad because they look very nice.
This adapter is an inferior product. It broke just 2 weeks after I bought it. I initially blamed myself for being too hard on the product and ordered another one with the intention of being more careful the next time. The new one broke too. Do not buy this product!
Came broken as shown in pics
FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT. LASTED A WEEK.
The 60w port stopped working after just a few uses.
This is just a direct replacement and has no benefit whatsoever. The boxes Samsung did for 2013 and 2014 televisions were upgraded with octo-core power and 2.0 HDMI's. So Samsung failed miserably on this and I will never buy anything from that company again. Typical of a lazy company. Thanks for nothing Samsung.
These headphones are a joke. The headphone jack isn't long enough for my phone or computer, so I can't use them at all. They will be returned.
Stopped working after 2 months... pretty out dated. I just wanted to avoid an iPod but this was a mistake....
I got these to use with my ps4 assuming i could listen to team chat AND talk through the mic. Didnt work and when i spoke to customer service about it they just told me to do something that i had already tried (and didnt work.) They are nice as headphones but i needed the mic to actually work too. :(
When I got it home and I plugged it in.. it started to freak me out as I couldn't seem to notice any difference, but my mouth felt more metallic. ... so I unplugged it. It also came with no instructions or any material whatsoever. I thought it might have a little something to explain it some. Therefore, I'm giving it a 1 star.
Elastic band broke immediately, zipper sticks and is hard to open. Disappointed.
not bright at all nightlight gives better light
This product does not hold up under everyday use.
So I bought this backpack for my son this school year. Seemed to work out well until the strap started to give way a week after the return policy. I do not recommend his back to anyone at all. Guess I'll be fighting with company for a replacement or get in contact with Amazon.
Do not buy this product, this doesn't power up. I'm going to return this back. Waste of time..
The CD player worked 2 times. Now it plays for about 30 seconds, starts skipping and quits altogether
I've been using these headphones for a week now. They do look good and the sound quality is OK but they are flimsy. The cords are thin and the control switch with the mic has already fallen apart. I do not recommend for day to day use as I was using them during my commute to work. It's terribly disappointing.
The ear cover come off all the time!
Screen froze on me after failed Bluetooth connection with Amazon Tap speaker. Return MP3 with the loaded songs. Technical support from China was somewhat abrasive and I am still having hard time to get refund.
Absolutely awful, created a muffled sound with good quality headphones, would make crackling sounds, and the cord completely pulled right out of the part that connected to the phone with very little tugging. And I had used these for about four hours. Buy something straight from Apple for sure, do not waste your money on this, I bought this because it seemed to have better reviews but it was a complete fail.
Stoped working after 5 days of use!
Horrible product. If you want to waste your money on a cheap stereo that doesn't work, this product is for you. If i was able to give it negative stars I would. Don't waste your money on cheap stereos like this. Get a name brand for 30$ more and save yourself the headache
This battery has not live up to my basic standards. On a full charge it will last an hour and a half and drop without warning.
I purchased white certified refurbished Beats 2.0 wired headphones on September 21, 2017 and the item was obviously defected as the battery burnt out in less than 2 months. I sent a note asking to please extend warranty coverage or provide a replacement and I have not received a response. Do not purchase.
Seems like a wonderful option, but after an hour of fiddling with the pads, I wasn't able to get the rubber lip over the headphones. Didn't work and will be returned.
all batteries were dead
I purchased this for use during a UK trip, I live in the US. Yes, I needed an adapter to plug it into the outlet but that is not the issue. The USB ports do not supply a clean power for charging phones. This was tested on four separate iPhones and all yielded the same results, poor charging and an inability to use the phone while charging. If I used the power blocks supplied by Apple, it charged fine and the phone could be used while charging. My suggestion is to avoid this all together.
Cable stopped working after 4 months of use. Unacceptable.
I've had 2 pair of these. The right side went out on the first pair so I returned them and purchased another pair. 1 week after receiving it the right side went out again.
Worked for 3 weeks. Clock won't even turn on. Never tried the shaker option.
Unplugged my headphones from the female jack and pulled the damn plug off with it. Very cheap.
buy the cable for headset ps4 and in less than 2 weeks the cable stopped working, talk to the seller for a change and never sent me another. the product is of very poor quality I do not recommend it
Disconnects from my devices a millions times a day. Then when you try to reconnect, an error will show up on my computer saying that the "password is incorrect" but that's never actually the problem. The only way to get it to work is to reset it, or just wait until it figures its life out. When I bought it, the router was 4.5/5 stars, which makes me wonder if that was temporarily faked to make a quick buck by selling glitchy devices.
Was enjoying them to start. But here we are about 4 months in and they stopped working on my PS4. Cant get support for 2 business days. I paid 300 dollars for a headset thats not working i want better support then waiting 2 fucking days.... if i could return them i would. Rant over now also the chat audio mixer does not work very well the ps4 headset the 100$ one from walmart has a better one. The volume is also not very controllable once again the ps4 headset had better volume control. The wheel is very loose as well so i roll it on accident all the time. The surround sound however is very good if you can get over the things I disliked about it. But i feel there are other choices out there that i can get more out of for the same price. Like i said the 100$ ps4 ones were better in every way except sound. For 300 i should have very few dislikes. I bought these over the astros due to the style of them and not looking to Gamer and more luxury looking. but i think i might switch over to them due to not even being able to use mine.
This is a piece of junk! Don't buy! I ordered it once and the screen had scratches all over it. I gave it another shot and thought they might have sent me a return by accident. Sent me another one and it was just as bad. Not worth the money. There are so many other options out there.
Attempted to pair over and over. Simply would not work. Not sure if it's a bad unit or what, but i can't recommend.
This antenna is terrible. We have it mounted in our attic and it only picks up 15 channels. I would expect for the price the reception would be better and more channels. I would not recommend this product.
I'm a 47 year old technical director. I know my way around electronics. This is garbage, guys. Even if the construction is solid, which it is not (the sleeve slides right off the connectors) APPLE DOES NOT WORK WITH THIS. Do not bother. Do not waste your money. Do not try this at home.
They didn't work, I'm very disappointed
This adapter did not fit and now I can't return it back?? What am I suppose to do with it, very unfair!
It breaks quickly and amazon does not make it right by refunds or sending a replacement.
Crap product, wont stay on the case, and doesn't line up even.
I bought this unit to get local channels. It didn't work at all.
This item worked well for about a month and then completely stopped functioning...just beyond the "return" date.
Ordered this to connect to bose wave radio. None of the connectors that came with it fit with my radio.
Broke after 5 use and the piece connect the iPhone to the doggle broke so easily
Horrible product! Breaks quickly!
I bought these to save some cash, they are horrible and I wasted my money. Will be returning!
I bought it on September 24th and in less than 3 months it got damaged. The battery is inflated and I have charging problems. At 30 percent remaining charge, the cell phone goes off. Avoid buying this battery!!!
It feels like it is made of cheap plastic, the resolution could do better, the battery life is terrible, it could only last 2 hours.
Most annoying “watch” ever. I can't bare that stupid Asian accent
Is not compatible with iPhone. Does not work.
Produce died after a year
Have been sent 2 clocks with USB power plug missing..need to check inventory...
Not what is advertised . When case is on front camera does not operate so it is useless I can't use facial recognition with this case
They don't know how to measure and it doesn't work
I would recommend a different brand. One of the 4 did not work upon delivery. I ignored it at the time since it was cheap to buy. But recently another chord stopped working after only 5 months of sporadic use. Next time, I will go with a different brand.
This product does not work, does not hold a charge and my right AirPod will frequently go out. I missed my return window I wished I hadn't.
Product was delivered August 21, stopped working on September 25. Such a bummer especially in the week of my courses first tests.
There's no where on the packaging that it states supporting 4K.
This cd worked for 2days then stopped working entirely, even after change of batteries.
Incompatible with Arlo Pro, app displays charging fault with no power coming from cable.
Does not work correctly. Buy the actual APPLE version for one that works.
Very sleek and stylish but this product functionally worked for less than 3 hours. You get what you pay for sometimes.
I've had this for 2 months and they already stopped working, all the sudden the volume failed and now will not connect to this device. I've tried un pairing, turning both the phone and the headset off and on multiple times, just broken. My phone will still connect to other devices, just not this one.
Power does not turn on. I missed the window to return.
Speaker has nice sound quality but the product itself is not reliable. Battery won't last very long, and bluetooth connection drops out sometimes. I guess thats what you get for low price speakers
Poor quality, cant hear anything
don't wast your money, spend a few more dollars and get quality stuff.
The sound is too low. I am not pleased at all.
Arrived totally non functioning. Bought for backup so i just found out missed return window
My daughter used a fill times and the connection is horrible! No satisfied at all
got them for my i phone 7 thinking it had a lightning plug but it does not and im very sad and mad
If I could give this 0 stars I would it was not the right remote . It does not work with a roku stick like it said it would , I can't even send it back. No refunds
Lot smaller then it says only holds 80
Save your money. This battery barely holds a charge. Light usage and it's stone dead. Then it won't recharge until it's removed, then reinstalled. Sometimes it will hang on the blue Windows icon -- until the battery is removed. The original old "Microsoft" battery it replaced worked better, even at the end of its life.
This alarm clock is useless. It is difficult to set as a clock and as an alarm. Should not be sold or purchased by anyone.
Only one side has sound ! How do I get them replaced ?
Bought this metal case because I previously had a rubber version that got completely destroyed after many times of going in and out of my pockets. They need to replace the rubber connector for your keychain with a metal one.
There is a built in turn off after 10 minutes if you are asleep or your head is still. This cannot be overridden by a current firmware update etc. They turn off with a loud beep. Since I use these to sleep for travel and in general when the outside world is loud, this is a major deal breaker. The ANC is state of the art and better than the QC 35s in my opinion. No word from Bose after multiple phone calls. What a waste of energy trying to figure this out.
Did not work with iphone.
We are very disappointed that one if these is not working at all. We tried really connecting it but can not get it to work. It stopped working around a month after purchase and we haven't been able to get it working again. Can you help is?
These were great for one week- stopped working out of nowhere. Not worth saving to then buy another pair.
Simply doesn't work. It'll work for about 5 seconds and then "this accessories isn't supported". Both units have same issue. Do not buy!
I got this for a gift and it looks fine but as soon as we plugged it in it didn't work and we changed the power source and it still doesn't work. But there is no option to exchange it and get a new one.
I haven't received my order
Ad says the battery pack is for multiple models. When received the battery clearly stated to use only on one specific model which unfortunately was not the one we owned so back it went.
The speaker quality degraded after using less than a week! You hear intermittent distortions!
I tried everything from updating software, restarting my phone, turning Bluetooth off and on and still no connection. I don't know what else to do
Did not received my product even though the status say it was delivered.
Im bummed as they earbuds do not stay in place, seems like bose would be such a good brand..its poorly designed at least for my ears which are not abnormally big or small
Purchased this based on good ratings. Out of the box could only get sound through one earbud once the music started playing. When turned on both would report back but music will not play through both.
Garbage!!! It stopped working after a week. Not a programming issue, not a battery issue, it just quit working.
I guess you get what you pay for. it worked good for the first week and know all l hear is static
I work from home and I've been using a regular phone. I have calluses on my ears from using the regular phone because I have yet to find a 2.5 mm headset that works. I was so excited after reading the reviews for this headset. Popped it in, doesn't work. Looked at the paperwork and it states that it will only work with SOME phones with 2.5 mm jacks. So frustrating, and this one is already boxed back up to be returned. Do not recommend at all!
I received these earphones about a month ago. They felt poorly made - different from other pairs I have purchased in the past. Right out of the box, one of them buzzed horribly in one ear. Now, a month later, the other pair has broken (half the casing over the earbud itself fell off). I would not recommend these!
I should have read some of the reviews - the volume is so low - on my desk top scanner, the volume must be max in order to hear it. on my portable scanner (which is the unit I wanted this for) nothing at all. but my 20 year old realistic 5 watt speaker works. I thought going to a 20 watt speaker would improve the sound, while leaving the volume lower.
I ordered these for my classroom and was bummed that these didn't work out. They didn't last long at all. Some of the headphones stopped working after a few days, a couple didn't work when I took them out of the package. These also broke very easily, sometimes the cord just separated from the part you plug in. My students weren't hard on them at all. I was hoping these would work out but it seems that I got what I paid for. Bummer.
stopped working after a month.
Only can hear sound from one ear bud.
I removed the unit from my TV and now I can not plug it in I did the same thing with the unit and I can not plug it in same thing
The instructions for this are so small and not at all informative. Had to go to Amazon just to hook up to tv
Manufactured outside of tolerance. Won't stay put in my Note 8. Have to apply force to get cable to fit. Worried about long term damage to USB C port.
Finally got this thing installed and the Bluetooth doesn't work it doesn't even send out a Signal for me to hook into it and that USB jack on the front of it doesn't work or will not recognize my iPhone so I cannot play my own music on this device and I am so upset you have no idea.
stopped working after one day of use. returned, pretty bad product.
They broke super fast. Don't waste your money.
These are FAKE REVIEWS. Got it and hardly worked for even a day. Do not purchase this. Never had such a bad experience on Amazon like this before. I am always careful- but this got me. FAKE and will not WORK.
I received a defective adapter. Plugged it in and didn't work.
I love the way it looks but it only worked for a day and a half!
Did not work got no channels at all
The charger does not work at all. I have to re-purchase the new Philips One Blade charger, which will cost me more money and time, not recommended.
Does not work. Constantly shows that it is offline. My SIM card is compatible with a 2g network, I've put it in the car and rode around with it... it still says offline. The English version on the desktop site doesn't even recognize the password, but the Asian site does. Go figure, I can't read it! It still says my units is in China on top of everything else. I can't find any website to contact customer support. Somebody tell me something or I'm returning it
They sent me a defective unit and no longer had replacements
This thing is trash. It lasted about three weeks and then won't cut off the sound into my ear buds anymore. Don't waste your money.
I like the convenience of a remote controller for the PS2, but this controller is horrible. It drains my batteries even when turned off. I used a pack of AAA batteries in a matter of 48 hours. I strongly recommend if you buy this product, you take the batteries out after each use.
This product did not do as well as other adapters on our vacation in Ireland... wife's hair products like hairdryer etc had issues as well.
Good for listening, not for talking. Sound quality is good (to me). I use cheap skullcandy headphones so I am hardly an audiophile. Battery lasted a full 8 hours with some charge left. The mic makes me sound very quiet to people on the phone, so this isn't what I was hoping for. Update: Sound turned ugly too. Everything sounds like it is underwater now. This will be going back.
This product worked fine for one movie, then stopped working and I haven't been able to get it to work again. Durability gets an "F"!
I regret buying this product. HISTORY: I listen to my iPhone a lot in my car. This was no problem with my iPhone 6 and my 3.5mm cord. When Apple decided to remove the headphone jack from their phones, I had no way to play my music in my car. Enter, AUKEY. I purchased an older model in the summer of 2017. It worked really well: press/hold to turn on, press/hold to turn off. Very often, I listen to videos on Youtube which conveniently has a speaker option so I can verbally say what I want to hear and it will pull it up. One year later, my old AUKEY was dead. I bought THIS model - an upgraded model. It seemed to be the same (albeit rectangular instead of square) and used bluetooth. It connected right away. It turns on with no problem and I can play my phone's music through my car speakers. HOWEVER. Using the AUKEY prevents the speaker function in Youtube from working, entirely. Without the connection established, it works every time with zero problem. With AUKEY turned on, it simply breaks this function of the app. I have no idea why that happens. Second, when you try to turn the AUKEY device off, IT LAUNCHES SIRI. You can't turn it off! I've tested this at least 20 times over multiple days and each and every time, it pulls Siri up on your phone. You have to disconnect Bluetooth from your phone to turn off the AUKEY device. I went from someone who pressed one button and spoke outloud once in a great while to someone who constantly has to fiddle with her phone. I'm shocked it breaks a function of an app and concerned it's launching Siri and not turning off without significant interaction. I never had this problem with the old model - my biggest problem there was it only lasted one year. This one is possessed by some anti-youtube ghost who refuses to let the device shut off. It's sad, because I can't use it for the reason I bought it.
We were so excited to receive our record player, we have records both old and new that we were looking forward to listening to. We purchased this product as the deal of the day, and when received it was easy to set up and use. However, each record we tried to play skipped, old, new, didn't matter. When we called customer support it was found that it was the arm weight, there was not enough pressure pushing on the vinyl record causing it to skip. I was advised that I could buy another part (why would I do that when I literally just took it out of the box), or I could return the item. When I contacted Amazon about an exchange I was told it would be no problem, now the product is $30 more. I simply wanted to exchange the item for what I paid for it for a working model. Not sure if it is because it is refurbished but for the price you would expect it to work right out of the box.
The left ear bud died after the fifth day. But the right is going strong.
Not what I thought this was at all. It is NOT wireless and attaches to your remote with a super long wire. I was looking for a remote communicator to run my home security system in my attic (too darn loud for bedroom) and use the DVR remote down in the bedroom where the monitor (TV) is. I need to return this. Useless for what I need.
I never recieved my product and would like a refund
Does not fit very well does not snitch you in very disappointed
One headset broke within 2 days. The other one worked when it wanted too. Then it broke as well. Poor quality material. Update. Both headsets are broken.
I purchased these ear buds in May of this year. I waited for a while before giving a review. It's now August and I regret buying them! In the middle of listening to music, they power off; even though they are fully charged. The only good thing is the fact that I can walk a foot further with these, than I can my old lg headphones, without them cutting out. The sound is ok but when I use them for calls, people can barely hear me. The battery life is terrible! Within 2 hours of using them, you have to put them back in the case to charge. This was a bad buy and I won't do this again!
It power off by itself after 2 songs! I have to keep it charge all the way when I using it!
Dificult to install the app
60 to 80 mile range isn't even close, at my house, to being accurate.. FCC says it's 34 miles to transmitter and this antenna only picks up 6 channels but there are 50 in my area all over 40 miles away. I moved it around house to different tv's and windows . i scanned several times and got 8 channels once but 3 had no signal, This antenna is not worth 28 dollars. I can't endorse this product.
From the moment i took this out of the box, the right earbud has been cutting in and out, i will be immediately returning and will purchase from a company that distributes higher quality products. I've contacted their customer service, and if they get back to me i will change or take down this negative review.
The image gives the impression that the cord is sturdy but it's just cheap plastic. The sound wasn't anything to write home about. Broke in less then two weeks, not worth buying in the slightest.
Blocks bluetooth signal to any bluetooth device
Didn't work the second I put them on. My 83 year old mom still tells me that you get what you pay for
I bought these headphones but only used a couple of times because the battery did not last at all. Now they don't recharge at all so worthless.
Would vibrate to inform you of a incoming call..after three weeks of purchase the piece malfunctioned it wouldn't stop vibrating
The price of this control was cheap,surely it was not working as the price had given that.There was no detailed instrctions to direct how to solve when the product was defective the first time I had to use.
I was very disappointed one was louder than the other and had static in the background
I've thrown money away in the past, but never as quickly as I did when I purchased these earbuds. The ear piece that goes over your ear won't stay in place and kept falling off my ear.
These are not real. They don't have the magnetic earbuds and the earpiece is shaped oddly. Do not order these. Fake.
After just 4 months of minimal use they died. They will no longer power on and won't charge (Ive tried several chargers). Don't waste your money!
I returned it because the remote control that came with it was HORRIBLE. Super difficult to use, I returned it immediately.
It's for the right phone but it's just not the best fit and it's very sloppy and floppy
After only 2 weeks the volume control went crazy it would change songs and lower volume on its own and there's a static noise in one of the earbuds pretty upset with these earbuds I do not recommend these earbuds
It's not what I ordered... it's covergirl concealer! I didn't order concealer, I ordered earphones!
Fine while they worked, but the left headphone died after 6 months of light use. Would not buy again, and do not recommend, even at appx. $22.
They did not work on the mini or the Retro and I got them both looking for a wireless controller
Don't but this.. In 3-5 months the battery is useless and the company is no Help
I ordered this product (Prime) on November 12, with the intention of receiving them in a timely Prime manner and long before today, when I had to catch a flight out of town. Alas, here I am at the airport and I just received notice that they were delivered. I am very disappointed in the customer service on this one, and since I now have to purchase earbuds at the airport, I will be returning them as soon as I get back home.
it suppose to help use the charger and the headphones at the same time but the port for the charger doesn't work and the quality of the sound is really poor
The product is not compatible with my iPhone X; it stops working after 2 minutes and displayed an error message, “this device is not supported”
I bought this to extend the range between my iPhone and earphones. It does not work for that application. It can be arranged to send OR receive, not both. It is a bit deceptive for the manufacturer to claim that it is a "Bluetooth Transmitter and Receiver". It is a Bluetooth Transmitter OR Receiver. So, if you are far from your phone (I forget mine in my office frequently), you can hear that a call is incoming, but you can't pick it up by pressing your earphone, and if you could, you couldn't talk. This limitation should be included in the posted information.
The product worked well for a few months and then I was unable to reset either the headphones or the transmitter to factory settings.I followed all the instructions that I was sent when I reported my problem to Dylan. Be forewarned!!!!What happened to their 12 month warranty???
Awe man I really feel bad for writing a poor rewrite as I see some people have really enjoyed this record player. I got it and out of the box I had issues with the tune arm. I could not get it to stop skipping! Every record I tried I couldn't get the thing balanced, aside from that the speaker quality was worse than a tin can. I'm so disappointed with this experience. I traded this in for an audio technica and the sound quality is night and day, no skipping! Perfectly clear sound from new records as it should be.
I wanted this item so I could add an external amp and speakers to my TV rather than buying a sound bar. I already owned a set of very good Bose speakers and a newish, high quality receiver. I've wired a lot of stereo equipment over the years , but there was no standard output on my TV, only an optical output. Maybe this is one of those things that requires a 15 year-old to understand. Too much trouble to send it back. Maybe some time one of my grandchildren will figure it out.
This product is trash! when paired to each other and to my phone the sound cuts in and out so bad! Tried unpairing and re-pairing, but still had the same problem. Very disappointed!!
Adding my voice to the others that were scammed on Black Friday. Just look at the positive reviews, none of them are verified purchases. This switcher doesn't even work, feels like a toy, and was sold at a misleading discount. Don't buy this, don't buy this, don't buy this.
is not iphone compatible and does not work. waste of money-do not buy
It was a refurbished housing with a cheap bulb. Not the same as the manufacturer. When I tried to slide it in it didn't even fit and was missing the heat screen.
I could not receive a single channel with this, I live in town and cant get one channel
I ordered BLACK CD sleeves. I was sent WHITE. I want BLACK sleeves. How will this be fixed?
Picks up less stations then my old basic antenna. Tried various spots and same result.
It's worth it to buy higher quality controllers, these buttons don't work as well. I never use mine.
I think these are fake. They sound horrible. Just my opinion.
It was a mistake for giving a good review,only one week , it doesn't work, terrible!
Reception = 3 channels.
Doesnt do the job. I bought it to use it in Europe for my hair dryer and some appliances - unfortunately it doesnt work properly and now i cant return it. Waste of money. Very disappointed
When it arrived the large audio plug rattled so I opened up the cuff and the housing for the plug had screw holes but no screws, hence the rattling. Then as it was gently pulled over the edge of the table the plastic casing that covers the microphone popped off. It was just two halves of a cylinder that weakly snap together. No glue, screws or anything. As it popped off it disconnected a wire (RIP headphones). The wires by the way are very cheap, brittle and hair thin.
POS.... worked just long enough so you can't return. PLEASE DO NOT BUY!
Not much impact. Very low vibration
The headphone hanger is nice - except it will not fit a desk over 35mm. I contacted Brainwavz customer support and the only solution they could offer me was to return it to Amazon. They didn't want seem to care that they seem to have a quality control problem, nor that sending something back at this price point is barely worth returning. Since I bought two they are going back, but I'm not a happy customer.
I just recieved my package I paid for two only got one, maybe it slipped out during packaging I do t know but I would like the other one please
I purchased this and the package arrived damaged with nothing in it. Truly disappointed and am trying to figure out who to contact for this.
It worked great for about 2 weeks then started interrupting music with this tone every 1 minute no matter what the battery charge or what music was playing or what device was connected. I threw it away
My cell phone got even hotter after I installed the battery and it didn't seem to make a difference with holding a charge. I had to buy a new cellphone which was not cheap! I want to return the battery and get a refund.
This doesn't work...
Would not buy again-unless corrected
Too flimsy. Connecters broke of within couple days do not buy
Impressed by the long cable and snazzy body but alas it died within minutes of being connected to my Raspberry Pi and wouldn't even charge a phone.
Did not come with the string which I need, wish I could just have one sent but we all know how that goes an Amazon, you can return and re-buy and cross your fingers or just deal with it. The silver one is my original, don't have the skills or patients to tie the same knot on the refurbished blue. As you can see the connect plus works between the two. The string is pictured in the description.
Box did not include Receiver only had Transmitter. No instruction manual either. Nice job verifying package contents.
This is the worse radio ever, no antenna and cannot get stations. I would love to return it.
I bought these 4 months ago but they aren't durable, these power cables are not good quality. Some of them didn't work at all and one of them broke already. Another thing is when you use your phone with the cable attached sometimes you get lightly electrified.
Did not work to connect my blu-ray player to my older TV with RCA ports.
I read the reviews. Many customers said they didn't work out of the box. I decided to go ahead and gamble on the speaker, and I got one with a battery that would not charge. Jbl was not all that helpful. I got the run around from both amazon and Jbl. I just decided to get a refund and start over. Lesson learned.
Cord snapped and broke after about a week.
Used it with a flat iron. The flat iron did not work after the first use with the converter. When we got back home and tried to use the flat iron it did not work. The converter fried a $90 Chi flat iron
Small, cheap and I can't get my Bluetooth to connect to it at all
I never received the product I ordered. Didn't receive anything.
Can not use with iPhone. Does not work. No sound. If I do get sound it breaks in an out. Poor quality.
garbage product. does not work
I ordered this product and it was sent back by USPS because the box was so damaged. Amazon gave me a quick and full refund. So I ordered the product a second time because I like the way it looks and really wanted to play my records. When the product arrived today, the second time, it was not in a protective box, just the actual product box with a bunch of packaging tape on it which was clearly covering up a huge hole in the box. When I opened the box the product looked fine, it actually looked cool. I read the directions and plugged it in, and turned it on...the “on” light came on but when i went to put the tone arm on the record the turn table wouldn't spin at all. There was nothing plugged into the aux in/out so that wasn't the problem and the belt was on fine. I assume it is a motor issue. Anyhow Im sending it back now.
Remote stopped working one month after purchase
The product did not function the way I thought it would. I want to return it but the packaging did not have any instructions for return. I have requested Amazon to contact me with instructions and an address.
It was great while it worked, but didn't even last a month
I've had 2 pairs of these. With the first pair, the left side died about a month in but i continued using them anyways. The set fully went out after about 6 months of daily use. Not wanting to spend $100+ on a high quality set of ear buds, I purchased these again. When i powered them up and tried them on, the sound would go in and out as you moved your head around and caused the cord to move. Do not recommend and will not purchase again.
This thing some how made a large spark when I plugged it in the longboard and broke my longboard
The product was incomplete when I received it, the picture on Amazon showed a controller and a remote included and when the order arrived it did not include what was pictured. The controller and remote were missing. I returned it for a refund.
I have to return this does not match the picture and was a lie about what I ordered
Didn't last two months before the right side died. Now the left is going. Only used a few times, so I'm bummed out. Cannot recommend.
They did not last more than a week! Maybe that was why they were so inexpensive. Better off to get a name brand.
Shady vendor. Purchased this pack of 4 battery, but only to discover only 3 batteries after I had received the package.
These actually didn't work at all. Any of them. Not great quality and not working so it's a def no from me dog
does not work out of the box.
Garbage!!!!!! Do not buy!!!!!! Very bad reception!!!! Cheap radio!
Will not connect to bluetooth on fire tv. Worthless. Don't waist your money. Spend the extra ten bucks and get something decent. Buying this was a mistake.
When received...the circle ring on the back is off the case and will not go back on to stay....
Initially worked well, but as of yesterday, my laptop will not charge.
Bought 2 weeks ago and have to return because it has already quit working.
Battery did not hold a charge only lasted 20 min.
Lightly used and the wiring short out - no sound anymore coming through. Fit is good but quality is poor.
These are constructed with a press fit instead of a screw fit. I ordered the 5 pack, and all 5 have fallen apart with ONLY me unplugging my headphones. These get plugged into my DAC and never leave it, so some how they came apart in short order. All 5 went bad in under 2 months.
the internal battery is not charging. everytime i shutoff the car the camera would shutoff and not save the last clip. i will be returning this unit once we got back from out trip... defective unit.. i am guessing theres no battery inside the unit.
Not able to use this product, because it is no longer available in stores music can not be downloaded. I'm not sure why my review is not being accepted. If I can't use product for which it is intended how can I give a good review?? I am hoping I can return the item because it does not work, what good it purchasing a warranty if it is not fulfilled. Who can I get in touch with on order to solve this problem. Do you only respond to good reviews. I spend a lot of money with Amazon and would hope to be able to return something that does not work.
Just Stop working and I no longer use this item I wish it was better, does not work as described and perform as stated, maybe I gotten a bad product
Not compatible with IOS - waste of money and the return window is closed
Buy wrong cord and they charge me 7.00 to return it. Not happy at all!!!!!
Did not last 2 weeks before one earbud stopped working
This is not a substitute for the GoPro mic adapter. I plugged this into my GoPro and tried three mics - a lavalier, the Rode Mini and a Rode Pro (with uses its own battery supply) and none of them worked.
Bought for my husband they didn't work at all returning.
Product works when plugged into wall. Sound is pretty good. My brand new unit lasts less than one minute when unplugged. Piece of junk! What good is a portable speaker when it has to be plugged in?
Absolute crap...doesn't even come with a charger so we can't even use it!
I never got it I want to replace it I bought that and a phone case but only the phone case came
It said it came with 2 controllers and that wasn't the case.
Had to return them because they didn't fit my Sonos speakers that they show in the picture. So flimsy that I did not trust them to stay on the wall with out snapping in half.
When I first saw this record player it seemed great that it was cheap and looked pretty cool. However after opening the box I saw why it was so cheap. The sound quality is terrible (scratchy) on top of that it started skipping a brand new record. Invest more into a record player if you really want one.
I got the Jabra elite sport headphones as a Christmas gift from my wife. Right from the start the sound is tinny, noise cancellation non-existent and there is a crackle when I turn up the volume. Within 3 months the left earbud started "losing" sound and eventually hearing mono from right earbud. No matter how long it was charged (10-12 hrs) it would act the same and lose sound within 15-20 minutes. Contacted customer service to honor warranty. When I explained the problem they asked me to fill out a form and they will send left earbud. How can they properly diagnose the problem if they don't have the whole device?? This means that they are aware of the problem and just replace them. After initial emails and one phone call to initiate the process 12 days pass without any acknowledgement. Called back again (every time you call customer service there is a 15 minute wait) and voiced concerns but could not give me any time frame of how long this process is going to take. Eventually I asked to send the whole device back for a refund which they declined and stated that the warranty covers only repairs or replacement not refunds. Way to stand behind your product. If you want excellent class customer service go to Bose...
The product description indicates that "Its an adapter that allows for an hdmi cord to plug into a tv that that does not have an hdmi input. So you can use this "adapter" to run an existing hdmi cable from your cable box to an rca tv input." I connected this cable to the HDMI output from my cable box to the rca phono plug inputs on my TV and it did not work!!!
Not fast charging box. It took over an hour and A half to charge my phone
It never works. Every time I purchase from here. Do not buy from here!
These are terrible. Like... really, really terrible. even if you luck out and get a pair that don't have defective sound, they're exceptionally cheap, ridiculously uncomfortable, and the Bluetooth literally somehow managed to disconnect my wifi every time I switched them on.
This product is John I never could get it programmed it's in the junk drawer where it belongs
This product quit working 2 weeks after we bought it!!!!!!
Bought it for my drone controller to tablet hookup but it doesn't work.
I replaced a working HDMI with this cable and the image jumped between speckled noise and 'no signal detected'. I guess you get what you pay for :/
I paid for something i never got So i don't know how they work
this one is the same as any other. I've tried about 5 of these from different manufacturers. They are all the same. Don't expect this one to all of a sudden get you extra TV channels.
They did not work. The power/volume switch was faulty. I had to press firmly on the knob at an angle to get glitchy sound, and when I let go, I lost sound. It seemed exactly like a short in the switch. I gave this brand a chance, and will stick with established brands from now on.
I am a prolific shopper in Amazon, and I've never dealt with such an unprofessional seller. To date, a month after I placed my order, I have never received any email replies from my inquiries of them. I've tried 7 times. The seller tried to log the ship address was no longer valid (really? We get dozens of packages there from Amazon), and Amazon had to step in and issue an A-Z claim refund. Amazingly enough, this item is STILL out there being delivered on my order # to a completely different state. Can't make this stuff up! It may look like a good deal, but keep on going and find another seller for a bit more dough! If I could mark this as a “zero stars” I would have. You've been warned.
The usb part is already broken.
The bulb was listed to be compatible with my tv but when i received it, it was not the correct one. They did refund my card after several weeks
I wouldn't really know how it works, The item that I recieved was used and broken so I've returned it. I wanted a replacement but that wasn't and option on the return status
This was purchase not too long ago and it's the worst case I've had, it looked so old and gross the paints peeling and chipping I would like a refund
For the month that they worked the product was okay. However connecting to your device took about 5 minutes every time I wanted to use them and the Bluetooth signal was so poor that I could even have my phone in my pocket without loosing signal. Not to mention they stopped work after using them only about 10 times. Do not but this product you will waste your money
Not what I expected, hold a charge like my x battery.
Doesn't work for me. I live in NY and checked with the web site they tell you to check and I was supposed to be able to get a ton of channels. Instead, I got one. Would not recommend.
Everything is wrong about these and overpriced
they will not stay in my ears, sound is not that great
This was just horrible. I followed the directions to a T and on day 2 of my honeymoon, it broke. And took my expensive curling iron with it. It was so disappointing. DO NOT BUY THIS.
After 4 months already broken. Great sound just poor durability.
I purchased this item hoping to connect all of my fans to my motherboard. Connected the first fan no problem, then that's when I noticed that every other connector only had two pins instead of three. Read in the comments that it has happened to quite a few others as well. So I proceed to try and process a return for a new item only to find out returns are not accepted for this item. Absolutely wonderful I love wasting money
2nd earbud stopped pairing after 2 months of light use. Turned on and off, put back in base station. Nothing has worked.
Cheap plastic. Not worth the 13$. Tips over without 2 controllers. Doesn't fit with amazon basics rechargeable battery pack. Not worth the buy.
These headphones are awful. They do not keep a charge. The volume is too low. They are not good at all. Do not waste your money on these. I used them for a couple weeks at the gym. Too often they would die in the middle of the workout session. Worst paid of headphones I've owned. Update, after having the case on the charger almost all day, and making side the blue light is on and checking to be sure the case/buds are being charged. The headphones still won't keep a charge. I have place the headphones back inside the case to give it some charge, and the case is flashing as if the battery is low/dead. I am completely disappointed in this produce, and do not recommend that anyone purchase these headphones.
Not able to set items to my satisfaction.
This clock is way too bright for any bedroom. It lights up the whole room. It does not automatically dim and has no manual adjustment to dim.
These were great but the jack experienced gradual wear until it was very wobbly and then the connection cut out completely. Built extremely cheaply, do not purchase! Warranty claim wasnt resolved
These fit snugly and comfortably in my ear and sound fantastic for bluetooth buds. They're very comfortable and intuitive to use with fantastic battery life. However, they suffer some headache-inducing connectivity issues. My first pair suffered annoying but occasional dropouts from the secondary earbud and very rare drop-outs from the primary earbud, with the occasional static when connected to my phone or computer. The replacement pair Amazon shipped is much worse - the secondary earbud has near-constant dropouts with the primary earbud dropping out about as frequently as the original pair's secondary earbud. This 2nd pair will also frequently disconnect and reconnect themselves while in use. I followed creative's instructions to reset the earbuds and repair them multiple times but the issues never get any better. Looking at reviews around the internet, it sounds like there may be some bad manufacturing batches that entered circulation. Maybe these problems will be fixed in the future, but with the two pairs I've used so far, I cannot recommend buying these.
Left earbud NEVER charges. Every time I want to use them i have to push left earbud firmly into case for it to charge. Extremely frustrating for such an expensive product.
First order was lost then said the replacement order was delivered but it wasn't not I'm trying to get my money back!
Did not receive my product
Items came in less than 100% wires exposed at the speaker
I bought this product in January after the part that I had went out after 2+ years. This replacement that I ordered barely lasted 5 months.
Did not last a month before the fans became too loud to use. Not very much clearance on the bottom to let in air when it did work. There is no way to turn off the fans, even with the Xbox off, without unplugging the USB. Avoid and buy a better product from a different company unless you want to use this as just a stand with no fans, which doesn't lock into the Xbox in any way. The Xbox One S had tabs that slid into the Xbox to hold it more securely.
This charger is not turbo for Motorola Z2 force! Slow charging both ports. Not happy
The fan is forever falling out of its socket. Ugh.
How much you paid to make so much good reviews? Those are garbage!
Well, I initially left a very favorable review of this product after trying it for a couple of weeks. However, 2 days after the return. Expired, the left earbud failed to function at all. It does no good for me to have one earbud that is workable and the other non-functional. Doesn't really help at the gym. Perhaps it's just a bad batch. But I have to say, I won't be purchasing the same brand again.
I bought this battery as a back up for my hard wired alarm system. It has not been needed by the system yet. My alarm system started reporting a low battery after only a few months since installing the back up battery. I contacted the battery seller by email twice, requesting a replacement battery, and the retailer ignored me entirely both times.
Didn't work, bigger than expected, easily visible
Came thrown together in the box. Had very much ware and tear. And sticky orange stuff on the bottom. Would not recommend getting from amazon. I would get it from best buy,target,etc.
Extremely unhappy with this product
Horrible leaves bubbles as crack 2 days after purchase
My husband recieved his case for his new phone and when he put new case on there was a crack in the protected screen. He didn't want to go through the hassle of returning but if I can get help so I can return it I'd appreciate it. Everything else was great just the screen came cracked
On the outside, exactly what you'd expect. But the sound quality is terrible. I actually purchased these because the reviews looked good and everyone was praising their sound quality, so that in particular is really disappointing.
Everyone I got broke in a week do not buy is
These are garbage, only one works at a time
This was a total waste of money. I wish I would not have purchased it. The only sound I could get to come out of the speaker was loud static. There also is no volume button - which makes no sense. I waited to return the item since I kept trying to get it to work and ended up missing the return window. Now I have this $20+ worthless item. I do not recommend purchasing this item. I have no idea how it received such high reviews. I researched this item and similar items extensively, but unfortunately I apparently made the wrong choice. Such a disappointment.
I was totally excited to get the controller. What I didn't realize is that it does NOT work with all games. Just some games. Like 140 crappy games. I was excited to play some flight sim and fps games but no. It's a door stop
be ready to buy one of these every 3 months. I just bought one in august and it already stopped working
Tons of feedback in speakers, maps don't work offline or tethered to my phone. Can search stuff but no map ever actually comes up. Have asked questions with little to no response from seller. I would stay away from this head unit and get a well known brand with better support.
Bought the 50 ft cord July 28. Only used ONCE since unboxing. Not working on Sept 15. Lines, flashing and flickering on the screen. Too late to return. Money wasted.
Bad Quality . Very thin doesn't fix and leaves a lot of bubbles . I wouldn't recommend buying them !
Doesn't work won't charge my phones won't start my battery just keeps searching for a good connection never finds 1 left me stranded more than once don't know if I got a bad smart thing or it's just junk don't recommend it emailed company about with no return answer so I just chalked it up as wasted money the flashlight is the only thing works
So I got the cord and was super happy everything as picture. The only problem is it doesn't allow me to pause or play my music, I can't use it as volume control, and it will not skip tracts at all. Super upset about it too.
There is no place for the carabiner to go. It is soft though so thats a plus.
The charger does not work at all.
Didn't say in the description that gold doesn't work with our cable provider. This ended up in the trash after a $70 service call
Did not increase reception. Antenna provide with receiver as good if not better.
The items was not working properly.
This player was awful. We couldn't even play a single record because the record rubbed against the casing and changed the speed plus made a scratching sound. Would not recommend to anyone. We returned it immediately.
Apple does not support this device, so you can't use it for longer than 60 seconds before being cut off. Beware!
We've had it for 3 months and almost immediately the phone started falling off EVERY time we put it up. It's frustrating, especially when we have any drinks in the cup holders under it. But it does not hold my IPhone XR.
Cable connection is very finicky, monitor keeps flickering, turning off.
After two months the connector stop working and I only get audio from one side of my earphone.
Does not fit my 32" t.v. therefore not universal. Bolts to go into the back were way too big. Had to return.
Half of them don't retain charge the sensor does not work as advertised will not buy again
Very noisy makes constant noise
Did not work out of the box.
The cable only provides audio through one side be that headphones, or speakers. I tested it with my monster DNA and my speakers for my compute. Shame to say as I had high hopes for it.
Bulb blew after 2 weeks. Super disappointed
Does not fit the iPad port.
I've had nothing but problems since I bought this item at first I had problems with the sound now it does not work at all for having it fixed do not buy this item
I ordered this to split the signal from my AV receiver to my projector and a flat screen that is behind the projector screen and used for normal day-t-day use. The projector is fed from a 50 ft cable--I ordered this item specifically because it was one of the only ones I found that specified it was okay to use up to that distance. After plugging the cables in, following the exact instructions, the only way I could get the projector to work--is if the TV was ON. When I turn the TV off, the projector signal turns off as well. Obviously I do not want something where I need both output sources to be on at the same time. I contacted the seller and they indicated that you should be able to operate both independently--so they mailed a replacement model. Unfortunately, I have the exact same problem with the second unit. It does not appear that this will work for my set up.
Only 6 out of 8 arrived
I am a heavy computer user for past 30 years. You will find out why it's so cheap. I really do not understand how come the user review of this mouse is so excellent? There is also time lag in response especially when the screen is in sleep mode. Not good for the beginner. ================ I am much happy with "Logitech M510 Wireless Computer Mouse – Comfortable Shape with USB Unifying Receiver, with Back/Forward Buttons and Side-to-Side Scrolling, Dark Gray", in terms of mouse quality, accuracy and all others.
I gave this speaker 2 stars because... For 1 it skips my songs, for 2 the led lights dont even go with the songs, for 3 it sound kinda horrible when you turn the volume all the way up for 4 i dont know when it charged up The Only thing that good about this. Speaker really is the lights that light up
I worked for 3 days and it stopped working
Terrible! Fraudulent! This product does not work! BEWARE!!
These were cheap and did not work.
I've since learned that it won't work for my system, but hat's not cable matters fault
Did not work on my iPhone 7 plus. Will be returning.
My earbuds stopped working within a month and I contacted the seller but have not gotten a response and it's been over 2 weeks.
I bought two of these for my children's to play on and both of them have black areas on the screens. Very dissatisfied!
This lightning cable was getting hot next to the plug.
Horrible. Lasted 2 weeks and didn't charge my Galaxy 7 after that. Waste.
The controller was great while it was working .... for all of two weeks. Now it is dead with no lights at all. I'm assuming it's not charging since there aren't any lights coming on even when pressing the Home or any other button. I tried to reset it multiple times with a paperclip for a second or several minutes with and without being connected to a USB charger or a PC with no luck. No lights ever come on. It's DEAD DEAD DEAD!
Bought 2, neither of them worked.
I bought it, received it, plugged it in and over night it had fried my laptop battery :/
Item gets EXTREMELY hot when charging. This is definitely a cheap version of the real thing. Doesn't even have the logo as shown in picture, Looks like something that came off of a boat from china. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP
It has never arrived so I can't know how good is this item.
Horrible. Strap does not fit any head and slides right off. The velcro holding the switch comes lose and if not watched the switch will fall out. The lenses are blurry and too small, you cannot see out of them. Would not buy. We made one better than this for free by watching a YouTube video.
Came with the bottom scratched Know I have to go through the hassle to do a return
It's not very cushy or pretty. I've had it plugged in for an hour and I think it's warm because I'm sitting on it. I cannot feel heat from the small foil heating pouch. see pic. Wasn't expecting a lot from my computer port but would like something.
Didnt work. Had to return it
Even returned the first one because I thought it was a problem with that unit - nope all of them are like this.
Broken and Don't Work plus the item was delayed.
no instruction manual on what the heck to do with it once it is plugged in
Had this for 60 days and battery doesn't hold charge, no warranty cover on it and says support has expired too. I want my money back or an exchange.
I bought this for my daughter, it worked for a couple of weeks and now only works if it is on the charger. When it is not on the charger, it will not turn on. Waste of money, do not buy!
One ear bud lasted only 2 weeks. The other went out 3 months later. Not worth the money or frustration
I bought two and none of them works. Totally garbage. Don't buy it. I will require a refund! Waste of my time and money. Totally garbage!
Mine came with messed up pins. All pins shifted to the right, so left pin is missing. Shown side by side with my v1. So not able to use.
Opened the shipping box to find the product all scratched up and the microphone totally destroyed. When I plugged the unit to power all I got was static, apparently the speaker is blown because when I blue toothed my phone to it I couldn't even understand the music because of the static. I hope I can return and get credited back. Very disappointed!
The cable broke almost immediately.
Tools are junk, all broke or bent trying to get the screen off. The battery works well for about a few months then it wont last a day. They offered to send another unit if I removed a bad review which I did they never sent the new one. Dont waste your money on this product.
As I have not received the batteries yet, I cannot give an informed review. I was supposed to receive the order on Monday but as of now I have not. I'm told that they will be here today, but who knows!!
This product did NOT work.
Over all these are a sturdy option for wireless earbuds, however the sound quality is not great. Very little bass. There are probably better options for the price.
The Bluetooth reception is rather good, but there is a very loud and constant static when pairing that is not there with a wired connection. I tried cleaning the aux output and then resetting the device, which made it unusable altogether since it is stuck blinking red and blue lights. I initially got this because I was impressed with the different capabilities of the device, but after using it, I am unlikely to purchase any product from the manufacturer unless I am in the market for something that flashes red and blue lights on a five hour battery.
Wrinkled all over. Would have been good if firm.
I was initially happy with this product. The only major ding against them was the battery life. They tended to last 5-6 hours instead of the advertised 10. But to be honest, I never actually expected a full 10 hours anyway. Battery life claims are universally exaggerated. This product was no exception. Over the past 12 months, that already-iffy battery life got even shorter. This past weekend the headphones died altogether. They won't charge and they won't turn on. It's not like I overused the headphones, either. Since my purchase 12 months ago I estimate I have used them fewer than 50 times. Compared to people who practically live with buds in their ears, that's nothing. I don't expect miracles, but I do expect more from a product like this. I won't purchase another product from this company any time soon.
I like the earbuds bcuz the are small & comfortable. They were easy ro pair. The only thing I don't like about the earbuds is that I haven't has them for long & already the right earbud doesn't work. Which stinks because that's the one tou need ro talk on the phone.
The battery life is incredible, but the device make a weird beeping sound when playing audio. The mic has no noise cancellation. Fits like normal earbuds.
After 3 days or so it fell by itself avoid this. 15 dollars thrown to the trash
The clock radio was great at first but the display has stopped working after a month and a half of use. I'd be happy to change my review if the company can fix this or send a replacement. I haven't been able to contact them yet.
ok until it fell off the wall and broke.... cheap fogged up a lot, hard to read.
All the main features work (power, volume, input select) . The menu select only has BT pair so it cannot adjust bass, treble, night mode, or any of the other features the soundbar may have.
I'm not so sure about this. The directions say let it run for thirty seconds. Mine only runs for about four. I'm still looking in stores for them.
Poor design. not only is it corded only (Which I get), but it uses a Bluetooth USB loose cable, so the chances of it unplugging from either end are greater. Only viable for very confined setups. There's better options.
ended up returning these, the material feels much better than the faux leather ones but these just are not very comfortable at all to me. I'd stick with the 6mm one and put one of their covers over that much more comfortable
Over all these headphones work well. But with my experience the cord is a very rubbery material that bounces around a lot which causes a lot of noise for the person on the other side of the phone call. Sitting still and\or listening to music is great tho. I was also disappointed that the mic is now having trouble picking up sounds after just a few months which is sad as I really loved these for listening to music
I like the looks of this clock and the led lights up nice in the dark.
Poor quality, two cases arrived broken. We'll see how long the others last.
Every one broke in the area to place the cord. However, they still work by simply clamping the cord against shirt.
Ordered and it never showed up. Was told they could not replace the shipment but received a refund from Amazon
Turn table works great but the mint green color I ordered is absolutely not what I received. The color is robin egg blue which is very disappointing.
I was disappointed with the product because it kept coming out of my ears. The cord was also uncomfortable. Unfortunately, I had to return and search for a more suitable pair.
I am not sure if my dock may just be defective or what, but the HDMI port isn't sending feed to my HDMI cable. My cable works with all my other electronics, so I know that is not the issue. However, whenever my switch is docked in this device, the little blue light illuminates but my monitor is not receiving any signal from it. It sucks because this was the primary reason I bought this dock in the first place. It does charge the switch very well, but other than that it doesn't work for it's primary purpose.
It is very difficult to set the alarm. The button seems to stick which makes it difficult to change the time. Also I did not like that the clock did not come with any form of instructions.
Broke after week of use
So, another review is saying one device at a time, well I dont think its accurate. As soon as I received the product, I plugged in my Acer switch 5 on the usb-c port, and charged really fast. That was great... Right after that I added my Galaxy S8 on the quick charge port and it recognized as fast charging, that was great too! Third step was to add another phone on the USB-A smart port, which I did, and to my surprise the tablet stopped charging...I unplugged the usb-a the tablet started charging again...bottom line the USB-a ports can NOT be used with the usb-c charging port... Bottom line, if you want to buy this charger keep in mind you can only use 2 ports, or the 3 USB-A ports... Buying this for the usb-a ports is not worth the money, buying this for the usb-c and quick charge port, I guess its a good deal, hence the two stars... It also comes with a usb-c to usb-c cable which is great, others in this price and even higher, dont. That being said, you do NOT get what you pay for, as the 3 usb-a ports are unusable and nowhere in the description says this. Specifically it says this " Use it to charge a USB-C and 4 USB-powered devices simultaneously at home or in the office.". I was planning on giving 3 stars just because its worth the 2 ports and the price, but after seeing this on the description I will have to drop it on 2...
Cheap plastic that will break and leave your very expensive phone somewhere on the ground. You get what you pay for here folks.
This CD rack looks amazing in the picture... not so much in person. The wood feels cheap and so does the metal. I guess for $27 it's to be expected, though. But what isn't acceptable is having to force some of the screws in because the drilled holes don't match up. I don't mean they're a little off-center. They just don't match up at all. The top piece and the bottom piece are meant to be screwed together but ot was so hard to get in there to drill a new hole out I had to so it by hand. There's not much space to move and get a grip so the screws ended up going in as much as they could but the two pieces are still relatively loose. There's a gap between the two pieces. I don't recommend this to anyone at all. Only reason I kept it is because I'm not going to be moving it a lot so as long as I don't move it, it'll be fine. I also didn't want to go through the return process and disassembling the rack then trying to make it all fit back in the box the way it came.
Not very great .. case is bulky but that doesn't mean it's better . It doesn't really seem it will protect for long . Did drop phone from a small height and the phone also came completely out . It is a loose fit and will most likely cause your phones screen to break at any moment . The material isn't great either seems cheaply made . Will look for another case, please do not waste time on this .
I just received this item today. I used it on my computer to see if a mic in a headset would work this this sort of item. It did, but the connector has to jiggled to get the sound to go to both speakers. I moved it to the other computer and the jacks still had to be wiggled around to get them to work. I need this item for upcoming events and if after this week the problem persist or gets worse I will have to return the item ASAP. I really need it, too.
I've been using these for a few months and don't love them. The left earbud volume is significantly lower than the right, throwing off the balance. There's hard plastic node on each earbud that isn't covered by the silicon cover, causing pain during extended use. If you're using a larger sized bud, it may cover this. It's an issue for the one I need for my ear size, which also happens to be the default bud size out of the box. The carrying case is too small to accommodate the earbuds and wire, very difficult to fit into it without the buds coming apart and draining battery life. Battery life is average, sound quality (despite above issue) is okay. It's a decent value for the price, but has some issues.
I just bought them and with the first use they do not work very well. Sound goes from ear to ear abruptly and is very...annoying
I hooked up the battery to my phone it kept on vibrating off and on showing that the battery was trying to charge but never held a charge can sit on there for about 15 minutes just kept on vibrating on and off and got quite annoying so I just took it out and shipped it back to you all I want to order another one but I am unsure of what to do next
I returned due to these factors: The earbuds. They are generically shaped and not a one size fits all or customizable. One look to the left or right and they fall out. The volume level is far less than expected from similar products I've purchased in the same price point. Lastly, the battery performance was less than I had expected. Five to six hours was a maximum on full charge for me. I will attest to the ease of connectivity, sleek and minimal design, and lightweight of this product. Probably good for some; it's worth mentioning that there is no way to secure the earbuds when they are not in use. When unsecured they dangle freely around the neck or chest. They also pick up plenty of ambient noise as they all do. I hope this helps!
I've had several cases for my XS Max. Most from big name companies. They each have their pros and cons. Compared to the others, this UAG Pathfinder checks more boxes than any of them. Pros Lightweight Protective Tactile buttons Raised edges Great looks Tight fit Scratch resistant No fingerprints Precise cutouts (to accommodate asymmetrical speaker and mic holes) Cons Way too slippery Overall excellent case that I would recommend to anyone looking for one case that can do it all. ***UPDATE*** Sadly I had to return this case. I liked it for all the reasons mentioned above BUT I could not get past the slippery grip of this phone. If it were more textured or had TPU where the side grip pattern is it would help tremendously. I dropped the phone a few times by just by picking it up. The Monarch series is much grippier, but is just too bulky for a daily case in my opinion. I switched back to my Otterbox Symmetry until a better option comes along.
As stated the quality and power of this unit does not match its price. The top panel controls are so so, Bluetooth on it is crap, and the remote only works by a weird 3.5mm cable with very limited range signal receiver on it. Oh and the sound quality is only good when you keep the volume modest though little bass to speak of. When you crank it the speaker quickly begins to distort. Literally just gave the device away.
The biggest issue with this is most of the pictures make it seem like a single wire charges the device. This is not the case unlike a similar product I purchased which had all the apple cables plug into the device all powered by one cable. This is just a stand for the watch and AirPod and you will need to plug three wires in and have them dangling from the back of this product. Unfortunately the description is not clear about this and I had to return it and get the other unit.
won't work with onkyo speakers... option 2 real fake. Not firm not stable.
I used this for an N64 and the resulting picture was too dark to play the game. Returned it for another adapter that worked much better.
The case is ok.. my biggest complaint is that the printer does not fit if you have the battery attached, it is way to much of a pain to take the battery off all the time so i will be returning this. The second issue is that the case had a horrible smell when it arrived
While the sound is decent there are a couple of bad flaws. The worst by far is that while plugged in, either thru USB or AC adapter and playing music the speaker emits an electronic noise. If the speaker turned up enough you can't hear the noise much but for quiet listening it's annoying. The second flaw make the main flaw worse. When running on battery the speaker will not shut off by itself when not playing music. This means that speaker will frequently run out of battery so you have to plug it in to use it and hence have to listen to the noise.
Product was fairly easy to install and lack manuals. Leave everything hooked up out of the box and it all works. The biggest draw back is the operating system sucks! You can't change the unit of measure, the radio is outrageously clunky and harder to use than the stock. Couldn't get it to work with my cars computer for next and previous track. to get the backup camera to work you solder the reverse wire for the bus to the reverse wire on the white aux plug. Nothing in the instructions states to do this. Oh spend the extra money on wireless transmitter and avoid running wire from front to back.
Doesn't work for the DC universe streaming app which is the main reason I bought it. I've had a different one before that did work with the DC app so my guess is this one is just really cheap and not that good. Worked for YouTube haven't tried Netflix yet....
I really love the design and the way how it looks but I bought it less than a year ago September 2018 and right now it's April 2019 and that's what happened with the screen I'm really disappointed it's slowly dying.
Did not have notch for razor even though it was clearly listed as compatible
The earbuds only charge while plugged in but the charge box does not work the lights dont come on
Great price point headphones i use these all day at work and the battery lasts around 12+ hrs
So I bought these headphones about 2 months ago and they were great. The sounded fantastic and I loved the quality of them. Unfortunately now headphones have these random really loud bursts of static whenever I watch or listen to something. Don't know if I can get a replacement but will let you know later if I can.
As other reviewers have already pointed out, the screw heads stripped under the lightest load (see attached pic). The included black screws are actually some cheap, very soft metal (looks like white metal). This is extremely poor quality control, especial for an installation that requires a very high standard for securing the mounting. PYLE rates these speaker mounts up to 110 lbs (from PYLE's website) - I would think this would warrant quality assurances around the type of screw they are including in the installation kit. In the middle of the installation, I had stop, jump in my car and head to the nearest DIY store to hunt down black PAN head screws. Absolutely ridiculous. I would not recommend buying anything from a company with such low quality control standards.
Looks and feels solid. Generic box. Can't use Netflix on it and a couple other apps so I won't be keeping it. . Not happy
This clock is not a described in the bullet points. It is just a basic alarm clock. You cannot set it just for weekdays. Disappointed.
This controller's joysticks squeak and get stuck constantly. I always walk off the edges of cliffs with it :(
Great sound and worked great for about six months. Then had bluetooth connection issues. And after about a year hardware failure and inop dead piece of expensive equipment that would require service / tech repair to work again. Customer service at B&W sucked badly. Their site states 1-2 days to reply. First reply was 5 days. And even then was some link to an FAQ that didn't address my issues. Was a great speaker once.. Now just gathering dust in garage ... Bought a JBL. Hope i have a better go of it.. LOL
My normal charger has more power then this, keep phone cool but it's doesn't charge fast. It feels like a good Quality item. -iPhone X-
I've had this headphone case for nearly 4 days and the outer shell has already been damaged too many times. I've dropped it twice and it's caused all this damage. It's appealing to the eye but not able to take any hits.
Pros: Sound is really good. Cons: The instructions are horrid. The app is fine until you realize it is a nightmare. I replaced my modem and this turned into a nightmare for this damned speaker. I tried to add my M3 as a new speaker only for the app to say that line of speakers isn't supported. For the sake of the help for others, if you have a speaker set up and replace a router, here is the fix: Delete the app, do a hard reset of the speaker (nowhere in any documentation is this mentioned)- do this by pushing and holding the cog icon button by the power input on the back reinstall the start the speaker, reinstall the app and start from scratch. If you have a blip in power/internet this thing has to be hard reset, it isn't able to reconnect or attempt to reconnect, so it just makes an annoying chiming sound instead. Then you have to unplug it and replug it in. Somehow it cripples my Echo Dot. Whenever connected either directly with a 3.5mm jack or over the network, it disables the speaker no matter what I have the audio set to. This is advertised as an Alexa/Echo compatible speaker. It isn't . Lastly is that it has no battery. I know it didn't when I bought it, but because everything about this speaker sucks other than sound quality, I feel that this is a pretty shitty oversight. Seriously, if the sound quality were even slightly worse this thing would get a 1 star review. It is a shit network speaker.
did not work with present system. Ended up replacing the entire repeater.
The ear pad fell off.
The case is good for the $ but the major drawback is that you can't conduct calls with the case on- people can't or barely hear you. For that reason I'm returning this case.
Disappointed in this product. Bought it mainly for the case and the headphone covers and the headphones don't even fit in the case with the covers on. I have to take them off every time I need to charge them which kind of defeats the purpose. Should say that AirPods will not fit in charging case when headphone covers are on
Did not last long. It was a good lesson for my daughter (she picked them) about getting what you pay for. One bud stopped working after a couple weeks.
Bought it as a gift for my boyfriend. The sound quality was q
I ordered the one with usb power adapter, but it came without the adapter.
Most of the buttons worked when these were new, but never the one that pairs to your device. I was able to get them to pair by starting my music, and using the settings on my phone. Since I bought them last minute before a trip I just went with it. Now, a year later, none of the buttons work. The sound quality and noise cancelling were very nice, but now the volume is stuck at a level only audible in a quiet room... Not really where you need noise cancelling.
Battery life was terrible. Doesn't last a while gym session which is normally about 1-2 hours. Guess you get what you pay for.
And E It was easy to install but I could only get 22 stations, even the stations that were only 20 miles away only came in when the weather was clear. In foggy weather even CBS would not stay tuned in.
Installation was easy and clarity was good but it is not case friendly. With an otterbox, the protector didn't sit flush with the screen so it was very difficult to use the touchscreen. We had to take it off so buying these was a waste of money
My TV couldn't recognize PS1 games on my PS2. With this it can but the image looks terrible. The characters in the games like final fantasy 8 or resident evil 2 looks really edgy. The regular PS2 games like Final fantasy X look blurry. Also when switching between 780p and 1080p, the image gets cut in half. Top half is the game and the bottom half is just some distortion. The power plug is also loose so it gets connected and disconnected easily. I expected it to not turn the games into HD but I didn't expect it will make the games look terrible. Will be returning it.
Only works half the time
Beware: does not fit elite controller with paddles. This is hilarious to me; why would a company purposefully exclude players who don't mind to pay more? That's just what I did in the end... I paid more.. when I bought another brand's charging station and used that instead.
Good headset for one month but the cord splitter broke and now it's unusable. It was not from normal wear and tear - the piece just came off. I don't even know how to get a replacement piece.
Quality construction and attractive style don't make up for a poor design. The adjustable lenses don't adjust far enough, so I need to wear my glasses. But my glasses don't fit comfortably inside the goggles. And many VR sites require the user to push a button, but these goggles don't allow that. Google cardboard isn't as pretty, but it works better and costs less.
Havent set it up to control the other remotes yet. I will update afterwards. Otherwise, just put batteries in it and it works. Samsung 60 inch UHD TV that came with the mini remote and it stopped working right after I serviced the TV with a new main board as the blacks were looking terrible. The new remote isn't able to setup the TV. Only the samsung master remote will work. I had to order one of those to get the TV to stop asking to set it up.
They are very low-end ear buds. They work, but the fit isn't great, and neither is the sound. We aren't too worried about it, since it is for our teens that tend to lose them anyway, but we won't be purchasing them again in the future.
Constantly has issues connecting to Bluetooth. Sound quality went bad quickly. Base almost disappeared entirely. Way to expensive for just an LED light.
I was underwhelmed with this case. The silicon bumper fit loosely and easily stretched out during normal use of phone. It did not fit snug at all.
The mic doesn't work very well. The ear buds and external speakers are fine.
My phone will no longer connect via bluetooth. I am able to connect to other bluetooth devices, but this was was not found.
I was shipped the wrong headphones
After using these for several months they started making a very loud buzzing sound. While still under warranty, no reply to the email I sent the seller. They sound very good when they worked.
I guess you get what you pay for. Yes, it holds my TV up but it angles backwards which makes it look weird. I would not purchase this again and in hindsight I wouldn't get a stand that has 2 cheap legs. Pay a little more and get one that has a base.
I've only had these headphones for 2 months and the left earbud has gone out. Disappointed.
Batteries drain with minimal use compared to the original battery
Well they are blue. Not green. They are not as great a quality I would expect from one of the more expensive models. Honestly I'm disappointed in my head phones. I expected more for this not so little price rage and was underwhelmed. The noise canceling is laughable it doesn't do very much, all it does do was to change the depth of music but you can still everything outside. They don't seem as sturdy as the $30 pair I bought. 🙁
The sound is ok but after trying a ton of things I cannot get the record to USB function to work at all. Also some of my albums are slightly wider than others and scrape on the something at the back of the turntable.
VERY loud Echos would be great if no Echos on them. other wise Great! No for a cell phone.
This is such a convenient product in theory, unfortunately, it fits no desk or counter that I have so I stuck it on the bookshelf in my office. I've also hung it over my bathroom towel rack, when needed, because my bathroom never has enough outlets. It really needs to have a spring loaded lever that is as wide as the unit itself. Currently the lever is about a half inch, which means it doesn't touch anything I own other than my bookshelf, and therefore will not attach in a stable manner. (My counters aren't wide enough to even touch the lever and my antique desks are too deep to slide it onto). The lever spring is very strong, however, but because it is so thin, the power strip moves position every time you touch it! Possibly having a wider lever and some flat wings with rubber grips on each side, of the top portion of the strip, would prevent this, at least some. The USB and C ports work perfectly and quicker than I expected them to. The LED indicator light on top is so dim, that I have a terrible time telling whether or not the strip is on! The only time I can visualize it is when it's dark. And there is no labeling that tellers you which is which, either. At least not that I've seen (I'm visually impaired so this may just be me). Having so many places to plug in power cords and USB devices is extremely convenient and I love the concept! I love that the strip is at waist height and my cords are not all over the floor. If this design is improved, I'd eventually buy several more. Until then, however, it gets one of my lowest ratings. The seller doesn't contact you back, the way they promise to, even after sending a direct email to my inbox, requesting that I contact them if dissatisfied. This is extremely frustrating. I'll eventually rig the lever so that it covers more surface area and holds onto more items, but have yet to have the time. I hope that the developers/shippers, whichever, can look into this, and design this item with either a wider lever or other attachment options so that it can be more useful in more places and prevent it from moving with every touch.
This thing was supposed to WORK, except it only works for HDMI 1.3 cables and anterior. Not to be used with modern equipment.
setup and app are typical Chinese...cumbersome and difficult. This will suck 8 hours of your life.
Not the best range. Keep having connection issues....you get what you pay for.
Like the size and paired easily with the phone. Issue is when I started running, the control piece was too heavy, it kept pulling the right side headphone out of my ear. I tried several times, but they made for an unsuccessful run. Returning today.
Even installed in a window and with the amplifier it is picking up fewer stations than my flat sheet installed on an interior wall. I've tried all sorts of positions with the antenna with no better luck.
Replacement arrived on time and works with my MacBook Air. But the battery life is pretty poor. I'm regretting not going with the more expensive option.
Sound is low, distorted when turned up.
Stops on its own all of the Time.... Burns through batteries
The product helped problem DVDs, but it's a cheaply made item. The handle is constantly coming loose. It feels like it will break at any moment.
Nope. Doesn't work as good as an outdoor antenna... sticky thing to stick it to the wall removed paint from my wall!
I was excited about this product and willing to compromise on sound quality and finish for the lower price. However, from the first use, the left earphone keeps momentarily losing sound. The fit in the box is not good and I need to wiggle them to get them to charge. I am returning them.
Deliverd on September 18. Cracked in pocket October 1st. Right where the credit card holder is. Now maybe it is because I used it for a bus pass. They are way thinner then a card so it didnt fill the void in the case but still. Crappy
These are some really good headphones my only problem is it says it has a 30 hour battery life but mine start peeping after just a hour. I checked and it goes from 100 percent to 20 in just a hour. I believe I have a defective pair....
My iPhone 6 Plus didn't recognize them as device with two them. But still a good deal for the ones that do work.
Works great but is broke...apparently it got smashed n mail but still works...like wtf man.. Smh
These earbuds arrived only a few hours ago and one of the pairs has already asked but died. They came in a dirty, scratched up container. The buds themselves are scratched up and fit awkwardly in my ears. The sound is crackly and faint. The second pair was better, but the sound is still hollow and far away because they don't fit my ears. I know Apple earbuds are expensive, especially compared to less than $10 for two pairs, but I wish I would have just bought the real thing. I'm disappointed.
The top port worked the bottom one works intermittently. I wish for a replacement
I have had this unit for about one year. Pros: (1) Stylish (2) Great sound (3) Great Display (3) Great Dual Alarm options Cons: (1) Its already not working, won't respond to any button presses. Can't turn of the alarm. Its gone. (2) The buttons are horribly designed, you won't find them in the dark mornings, and they are tiny! ... Big flaw. (3) As stated elsewhere, you don't have full control of the alarm volumes. Sounds trivial, but turns out to be super annoying. I'm not bothering to have it fixed. Its just not worth putting up with this disappointing design. I don't recommend this unit.
While this is a great idea, in my case, having my iPhone Lightning to headphone adapter on my keychain in my pocket damaged the headphone adapter. It also was non returnable.
Product worked well for two weeks then when charging it'd say full and when using it the battery would last five mins.
I was excited about this when I ordered it, but when I got it, it skips awful. I tried burning a cd from my playlist from itunes and it skips and I can't figure out why it does that. There are good reviews on this but it doesn't work for me. My blank cds are the good ones, Maxell cd-r and I am very disappointed in this cd player boombox I want to send it back but if I get another one it might do the same thing so I just lost money when I bought this. Don't buy this, it works for some but not for me.
The documentation says these are supposed to come with one channel preprogrammed for the set top box, but it wasn't. I was able to get the other channels programmed to work around that mostly, but would have been better off with a recent universal remote.
The wire gets tangled very easily
I like the concept but for a 5000 mAh battery, it only charges my phone 1/3 and it's battery is only 2750 mah.
These things are a good size and good selection of colors, but ultimately they're useless if they don't stick. On a flat surface they're okay. However, I put three on a wall to run a string of coax up about three feet and, while they were initially all well-attached, within a few weeks they'd all fallen off the wall. That's one cable holder per foot of cable, which I'd thought was excessive but even then the weight proved too much for these. Anyhow, if you're running cables across the top of a desk or the like they'll probably do fine. And perhaps on a smooth vertical surface like metal they'd stick better, but short of that don't expect much.
Amazing music audio quality. But probably the worst call quality of any headset I have ever had. Even worse then cheap $40 ones. Almost makes them unusable for calls. Samsung Galaxy note 8.
Rarely do I write reviews, but I'm not happy with this purchase. I bought this phone case as a gift, and box itself had stains all over it. plus it did NOT come with the screen protector, which is the biggest reason I selected it. The box was opened, so I'm wondering if one of the warehouse workers took the protector out and packaged it anyways. It also seems very flimsy for the price. Not happy, will be returning.
Pretty quiet especially for the size, very disappointed
After a while, these get SO HOT!! like, scary hot :/ atleast, the ones i got did .. I won't be getting these again...
Very uncomfortable. Have no bass. I'm pretty sure they even shocked me a few times.
These are not very comfortable to wear for a long period of time. They seem to always fall out of my ear so I'm constantly pushing them back in while at the gym. I tend to sweat a lot while working out and these seem to malfunction if too much sweat gets in my ear. Would not recommend if you do high intensity workouts (i.e. HIIT, boxing, etc.)
The earbuds are great and reasonably priced. However, a month after purchasing them the charger for the left earbud stopped working. They are useless since the charger won't work. It is past the return window so I will now have to find another pair.
It looks beautiful and does what it's supposed to. The stickiness is good, unless you accidentally rub against the side, then it lifts. Biggest disappointment was that I dropped it once and the whole screen shattered. Cannot be the quality is is described as.
The user guide provided is for a different product, the lanyard cannot be attached per the manual or any other way (duct tape may help) the range is 150 feet at best in open air line of sight space. Indoors, through 2 sheet rock walls 30 feet at best. Check the batteries, one was double wrapped, second wrap prevented the unit from working. The unit can only be wall mounted or carried in a pocket, no belt attachment. It has worked 3 times so far but I not confident that it will do so for very long I am keeping all of the packing materials just in case it has to go back.
Good sound but not very sweat resistant.
Good idea but doesn't even charge my airpods. The case lights up to indicate that charging is working but it doesn't seem to reach the actual airpods. I've tried charging my airpods with a wire to make sure that it's not the airpods that are broken and it works fine with a wire.
On close inspection there was lint underneath all the sticky film (sade you place on the Switch) when i removed the initial film before installation. Made sure I was in a "clean room" and even did an application in a steamed room after the hot shower was off. I truly thought it was just me catching lint but i took my phone light and looked close in contrast and noticed there was some lint on all the protectors. Was disappointed and didn't use any of the protectors honestly. I can imagine if people get the protectors though and have a better experience than I did they'd be very happy with them.
Why 2 stars? Came with screws. But no plate to screw them into. Why? Ordered different types. One had plate and screws. One had neither. Why not add what you need to make it work? Now I need a special trip to the electronic supply store just to mount it. Geez. Why go half-assed?
Works well for about 30 days then it starts disconnecting every 2 minutes from your phone and battery life is about an hour. Really bummed me out I was looking forward to spreading the word about this product but I now I have to let people know, maybe the one I got is faulty but from other reviews I'm looking at now I should have known. Customer beware
I can't say that it's done anything I don't see any new channels
It was okay for a couple of months, then it started having problems: the Bluetooth connection would stop in middle of a song/etc and had to be paired again. Two weeks of that, and then it just stopped working all together. In the trash it went.
Unfortunately this did not live up to what I thought. It lasted maybe an hour longer than my 3 yr old LG battery that was slightly expanded and dying. If you're having battery issues go for the super extended batteries that have a case for the whole phone and extended battery.
The cord broke within two months, the sounds quality suffered. It got progressively worse until it completely stoppped working.
Not as picture shows. It's clear plastic. Disappointed. Thought picture showed different material. Not worth the price.
I thought the headphones provided a quality sound, but they stopped working after 2 months.
Stopped connecting, threatened to fall out while on the elliptical, my earphones with a headphone jack are louder than these and I paid considerably less for them. Deeply disappointed in these earbuds
Works great with power conversion in Switzerland where the power could potentially fry your electronics. However, upon return to the states, my item would no longer power up. So something internal was not happy with this conversion. This may potentially kill your expensive equipment.
shipped quick, works ok but not enough to give good review...
The quality for the wire is good but I have too much leak sound the person next to me can listen what I listen to the microphone is good the comfort not bad general is ok
I got mine and one of the earbuds does not even work it will not power on or charge. The one that does work has poor sound quality in my opinion.
Sound quality was very bad. It doesn't get as loud as it should. It also has very bad quality. I wouldn't recommend it.
3 months later... blue is starting to peel off revealing a pinkish/purple color underneath
I was looking for another FM Radio that had real good reception to it. I noticed that this had great receptions and extra antenna to make the reception great. I had a Sangean FM Radio that did OK but was looking for something that picked up better signal as I listen to high school football games while at the games so I know what is going on. This was not a better one to pick up reception. I went back to my original radio. The earbuds that they include with this radio are really good and currently using them with my old radio. But the radio reception. even walking 3 blocks to get to the game didn't have any better reception during that stretch over. I really wanted to like this radio but at least I got some good earbuds out of it so not a total loss.
don't waste your money. its so slow, you cant even run 2 apps like spotify and google maps as it will crash. literally wasted money. easy to install, the screen looks very cheap.
I have two Ford vehicles that have constant power on the cigarette lighter outlets. On one vehicle I have an adapter which switches everything plugged in off and does not draw power, but it's large and I did not want to get another for my wife's mustang. The seller answered a question stating that the on/off switches were designed to prevent electricity loss. While not completely wrong as it does shut off accessories, it led me to believe that when switched off this would not draw power. I only wanted this so that I could leave a wireless fast charger mount plugged in with a switch to prevent power drain, but as far as I know this will drain as much or more power while switched off as the fast charger LED. I've had LEDs like this completely drain my battery when I leave for vacation and I would prefer an off switch instead of the wear and tear of unplugging and plugging in the accessory.
The item was returned because the wireless microphones and hand mic needed to be kept very close to the mouth.
You get what you pay for. Good construction, good sound quality, but the people in your party will get a wicked echo of what they are saying. Nobody wants to play with you if they cant hear themselves think due to this absurd echo.
It doesn't work for my car AUX cord which is the main reason why I bout it for my new iPhone X. It had static sometimes too when I used it with my headphones.
PROS It looks nice and is relatively easy to setup. CONS - Brightness level resets to the brightest level after waking up from voice-activation mode (must be manually set back to dimmest whenever it is waken up), - Waking up the voice-activated mode requires either a very loud noise (clap hands as loud as you can) or a forceful impact (slap hard enough to make my hand hurt), - No weekday/weekend mode like the pictures say, - No display setting that keeps the time constantly visible, swaps back and forth every 10 seconds with either the year (2018 in my case) or the temperature. I wish the time would always be visible and the date would appear in little writing below it.
Gave to my son for xmas. Ending up returning. Microphone didn't work as expected, it was always recording us and repeating back what was said. There was also a howling noise coming from it. My son loved that it was a dinosaur so I wish it would have worked more like we were expecting.
the headphone splitter that came with the product to use for PC (turning the single headphone jack into two that plug into the headphones and mic) only lets the left side work, not both sides. but when i plug into the computer or my phone with just the headphone jack, it works perfectly. will try to use anothe headphone splitter maybe that will help
When I received this radio, I was disappointed to find that it did not have an "alert" setting, that is, where the radio will turn on when the Weather Service broadcasts a hazardous weather alert. Most "weather" radios have this, so you don't have to be listening to it all the time but it will alert you when there is potentially dangerous weather. It's my fault for not researching this carefully before I ordered it, but I just assumed any "weather" radio would have this feature.
Other than the music setting- it worked well at first. I used it for my computer set up. After a couple weeks, the Bluetooth often said "device not found" .. anyways I gave up on it. I don't use them much anymore because the pairing process is annoying to have to go through each time.
hate it. My Crome cast is 100% better
Doesn't work, music will play for around 30 seconds, and then a message appears "This accessory is not supported by this iPhone" Spend a bit more money to get the official apple one.
I need help . My images appear wrong sided. Can anyone help.
Not impressed with the quality. The shipping to return it is half the cost of the case, so I'll keep it.
Purchased on 2 Jan 2017 and now the battery is dead! Won't hold a charge longer than 10 minutes.
I am sorry to have to write this review- But I loaded some songs on - that was not a problem - got it to play one song then it stopped. You can't tell when it is charged therefore I thought it was fully charged and got to the pool and couldn't get it going at all. Now when I plug it in to charge the light won't even come on.... So I am returning it. Can someone let me know how to return it? Thx
Static in one of the headphones. It makes it hard to hear music.
It did not protect the phone, I dropped it and now I have a cracked phone.
The sound on these earbuds was great. However, I did not care for the necklace portion of the earbuds. The back is heavy plastic that is formed to go around your neck. I felt as though the wiring on the entire item was too long and was always in the way. The wire was always in my face. When doing sit ups or movements on the mat, it was annoying to have to position on every rep.
Worthless. It's terreible when a product does not exactly what it says it does. Not what I expected .
Signal is very hit or miss. Replaced with comparable product from store and that one works great. Signal issue is due to this product not the location.
Did my research before I purchased this. It was supposed to be the best on the market for reception. I beg to differ. It had severe limitations in my area. I live in Central Florida and didn't expect to have signal issues regardless where I put the product. We went back to cable.
You get what you pay for... lasted about a month then all audio cut out and couldn't be repaired.
The speaker has a very short battery life, and it isn't very loud either. Not to mention the bluetooth instructions are confusing and the voice that it uses has a heavy accent that is difficult to understand.
Slip off constantly.
I mean they were 30 dollars
The color is way off and the picture doesn't fit the whole screen.
Lasted a year before the earbud separated from the housing... they were perfectly good headphones up until that point. a little glue will fix it, but still annoying
Product arrived in very damaged box with no outside packaging. I Original product packaging box is very thin cardboard that should have never been shipped that way. It was taped together in several places which immediately told me something would go wrong and in fact it did, the charging cable is missing for the USB charger. The item is now useless and a very expensive caddy. I can't review the charging capability. I can say it is cheaply made and I would have preferred it to be all one color. I also would have added another tablet slot. Most households have at least one other tablet so another slot would have made sense. The phone slots are just barely big enough for an 6plus sized phone. I do like that there is an extra compartment for any accessories or keys etc. It would have been nice to have one more slot from the extra compartment so you charge other small items like iPhone watch.
Love the durability of the case but I find myself taking the phone out every few days to clean it because dust and stuff still gets between screen and screen protector.
After following all of the directions to set up the earbuds, I experienced intermittent crackling and popping sounds despite being 10 feet away. Some static every now and again would be understandable. But several times an hour is inexcusable. The Sony headphone app looks like it had a lot of nice features, but I couldn't use it because of the earbuds' inability to connect to it. Even the noise cancellation was so so. I returned it in favor of noise isolation earbuds that performed better... And they were less than $30!
The case seems to be rugged, the part that clips on to your belt doesn't hold the phone at all. Keeps on Popping out. Wouldn't recommend product.
I was able to watch my VHS tapes play in the capture section of the software, but then I had nothing at the end. When I tried to burn, it said, "No clip." The recordings did not show up in the edit and burn selections of the software. Therefore, I could not do what I bought this to do, and I still need some software.
They do not work well for phone calls. It picks up my voice and all the sounds near me.
We bought this remote as a backup to the remote that came with our TV. The TV won't operate without a remote. The new remote stopped working a month and a half later. It is not ergonomic and the correct buttons are hard to find by touch in the dark. The original remote still works, but its battery door doesn't stay on properly after it was dropped.
This didn't even last a month before it started having left and right audio separation issues. These headphones should have a standard sized audio cable from the factory anyway...
does not automatically change when a new device is added or turned on, defeats the purpose of a splitter
The weight of the material is heavy... the issue is several holes exists in the material and can be seen. You get what you pay for so I'm not too discouraged but if your looking for better quality or insurance of water resistance I suggest looking elsewhere.
Despite item description said 8 pcs, package included only 6 units
I couldn't see any of the words
We bought this for our teenage son who was traveling over seas for two weeks and I was very disappointed when he told us that he couldn't use it in most of the hotels because it kept blowing breakers.
Unfortunately these last maybe a month at most. Gave up and bought batteries at store which last much longer.
This sound can only be regarded as general
Only one of them work
I had bought some other Onikuma headphones previously, and they were great, they lasted a long time and were comfortable and never game me much issue beside leaking audio back into the mic when gaming (which is pretty bad in retrospect), but holy cow these are marginally worse. They are so tight and hard, it digs into the space behind your ear. And when I plugged them in for a test run, they constantly pop and crackle with static if you slightly move the chord. Wish there was a way to get my money back and buy a different pair of Onikuma head phones, but I don't have time or patience to mail these things back in. I recommend buying something else.
Not very durable. Dropped phone and screen shattered. Only good for cosmetic purposes, and to keep the back from scratching up.
I bought this for my techy, music-loving 12 year old son. I was excited because it had everything I needed in 1: charger, Bluetooth speaker, an aux Jack, alarm clock, etc. I was highly disappointed. The charging pad didn't work. The buttons were NOT intuitive. The instructions weren't clear. Took me a bit to figure out that the volume button and the radio station + and - buttons were the same but you have to hold down the bottoms for the volume. It gave great LOUD volume, but you couldn't gradually lower it. It would just be loud or no sound. And the time was always on military format. If it did regular format, I couldn't figure out how to change it and the instructions didn't say how to do it. I returned it. Gave it 2 stars for sleek design, blutooth ability, and loudness. But charger didn't work with an iPhone 8, volume control didn't work, and buttons were not intuitive.
Very comfortable but randomly dropped calls
These sound good, I will give them that. But, they keep shutting off even when plugged into a laptop constantly.Nothing like the sound going off in the middle of watching something.You have to press the button on the battery 2, sometimes 3 long presses to get the sound back on. That is frustrating. It happens many times. Not just a one time on from off. I would not buy these again just because of the frustration of losing audio many times while watching a movie.
These work fine in the first week, but Internet was dropping constantly afterward. Thinking to returning it.
Coverage is spotty and I am not able to view basic, network stations. I have moved the antenna around several times to get a clear picture, but it does not work. In my area, of 6 stations, I get 3 clearly during the day, and 2 in the evening. May purchase a stronger reach than 35 such as 50 or 100 miles, or another product altogether. Not happy with this purchase.
Lots of feedback with these headphones. Crackling, buzzing, and beeping can all be heard when using bluetooth.
They don't stick well at all.
It calmed perfectly packaged and safe, but the controller didn't work at all, it shows the movies widescreen, with a few movies it didn't show and to make sure it wasn't the dvd I played it on another console and worked fine. And the last thing the earphones ripped before I could use them. They easily came off and without the earphones the volume was still low even tho I had the volume max.
Didn't last long. Have to buy a new pair
don't know if this is just snake oil but it did nothing for my signal. since it does not have its own power input or indicator light who knows if its even on because from what I've read on here your hdmi cable can affect if it works or not thats why I give it a poor rating because you have no way to figure out if you have a defective one if your cables are bad or if this is even on at all
Did not fit our 42" we had to return
it lasted two years and died.
Honestly, they fit just like the earbuds that come with an IPhone. The sound quality isn't the greatest but realistically isn't terrible. I'm hard on headphones, but I dropped these once and now there is no sound coming from one of the earphones. I bought these to listen to music and audio books over the course of a workday, battery life lasted maybe 3 hours with increased volume. I got a solid 10 days with these before I dropped them.
Received them today. Build quality looks good to me and it seems to have pretty good battery life. One major issue though: sound quality. The volume is too low even on the loudest volume you could get on the phone. Returning them today!! Very unfortunate because Edifier is an awesome brand...
I was really pleased when I first got this battery but three months later, and it's worthless. I need to order another battery but I'll be choosing a different brand. 3 months
Didn't fit my 13" MacBook Pro. Had to return it.
Was what it claimed.
Cheap...mic stopped working after 3 day. My kid was not a happy camper!
Although I had hope for better connections. Still takes just as long to load as wifi . Maybe some benefit to less stream stalling. More of a problem seems to be with ISP throttling our bandwidth, for no other reason than the CAN
Doesn't work when I plug it in. I'll return and see if the new one works
Extremely expensive and they don't last very long. $75 for charger and 8 batteries (each camera takes 4 batteries), $50 more for 8 more batteries. This is insane. Excuse me while I change the batteries, yet again this month.
A very cheaply made microphone with poor sound quality.
Not intuitive at all. Cheaply made and assembled.
This works, but the picture quality is HORRIBLE!
i really liked the size for what i needed, but unfortunately it does not hold the charge, i want to return it for something else but threw the box away. frustrated
Sent mine back because it was defective out of the box. The Monoprice support team was excellent and was able to diagnose my unit was defective (and not user error) in under 5 minutes. I sent it back and opted to get something else.
I've read the manual, watched YouTube videos, and still i can't seem to get the alarm part to sound. Everything else works fine except this and the voice control part. Very dissatisfied :(
Does what its supposed to do but creates static. Tried several hdmi cables and the device still produces interference. Well built though, the metal casing is solid and it didnt run too hot. I will also mention i was outputting with the 3.5mm audio port. And i had to crank the speakers higher to get the same level of sound from other inputs. Im not sure if that means its weaker but it this helps someone else thats always great.
Looks like I got a bad battery. It's only been installed for 3 months and I'm constantly running back to the charger. It's worse than if I left the original battery in. Wouldn't recommend.
Case is little bit too small. Every single cutout is pulled back by 1 to 2 mm making microphone, charging port, speaker and headphone jack all misaligned just enough to cause issues when plugging it in.
If your on the fence read this review! The design is awesome (watch a movie while phones charging is genius) BUT when I put my Apple Watch on the charging dock it won't always charge. If my Watch is in a case (other than the sport band) forget it not going to charge. Even with the sport band it needs to be moved around a little to get to the right spot and even then it will randomly stop charging. I had to unplug and replug the dock last night because it stopped charging all together. I don't have the headphones so I'm not sure how that works but the phone and watch work just enough to keep me from returning it. Bottom line, When it works it charges fast but not sure if it's worth the hassle of always moving my devices around just to find the sweet spot.
The radio on A.M. band had very poor or no reception
Sounds horrible. No good
I am sure this works for the purpose it was designed, but description could be better. The USB mini port is merely for power. My need was to have relay tripped via USB output ( Keyboard macros, etc ) so item was not usable. This should be highly useful for situations where it is desired to transform a momentary dry output to a TIMED output..
Not made for children size
USB ports showed up dead on arrival, the surface charger worked well otherwise
Only fair material quality.
Worked great for a couple months. Now nothing and won't turn on.
I usually go through one extended battery a year. This year I tried this one. Its been a few months and it's horrible. Going back to my usual.
The reviews on these buds are pretty outstanding. Not my experience at all. The sound seemed bland at best. Breaking up at worst. The bluetooth connectivity that the reviewers rave about was bizarre. Two competing British ladies in each ear. The left ear bud of my set had some odd quirks. I passed them to my teen daughter to get her review. She has the 'oh so sheik' Apple EarPods. Her response was, 'Dad, my Apple ones sound about as good.' After an hour or so of testing I had to agree. I sent them back, and ordered the Bose SoundSports that I had before these. I dropped them in the ocean last week in Mexico. Broke my heart. I'd skip these buds if any of you are any sort of audiophile. Any sort.
Didn't get all of the channels in my area. My old antenna was able to get more than 50 channel, this one can only catch 43 channels. 1 of 7 of those channels that it didn't catch is my favorite channel. The signal is easily get distorted too. Not recommended.
We purchased this bulb on May 29. Today is August 31 and it is out again. Boo.
Half the reason I chose this particular product because it advertised a paracord lanyard. It is not. The lanyard is cheap ribbon that I can get at the Dollar store.
Had to buy this twice, 1st one didn't work
This review is based upon a replacement pair of headphones. The original pair ordered had the right ear piece acting up where the right ear ANC would cut in and out sporadically. After 2 days, all sound would cut in/out. I returned and they sent me a new pair. This one lasted longer, about a month before the ANC had issues. They still play music fine however. I will not be getting another pair of these. The sound quality is great and they are very comfortable but the longevity thus far has been lackluster.
it does have a usb port and large number, the radio is sound is horrible and don't think you can get many stations. I would not buy this again.
Mine Have A Shortage In It 🤦🏽‍♀️ So I Cant Use It
Never could get it set right
The sound quality is tinny. The range is poor.
cant control the cable box so not of much value.
This turned out to be too big for my Ipad. Was a bother to try and use as the start button would always get hidden. Be careful to check the size of your Ipad.
I ordered these based on positive reviews. However, when I went to install them I found that they would literally fall apart when gently pushing them over the stripped coax cable. I had 10 cables to terminate... I went through about 25 connectors before I was successful. I do Audio/Video for a living and have NEVER seen such poor quality in an F-connector. I'm not sure if I just got a bag of faulty connectors, but they came apart into three pieces (four, if you count the O-Ring falling out!). Buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These controllers feel really good, but there after only a few weeks the left analog stick on both controllers gets stuck (randomly) going to the left. Also, the analog stick is far too sensitive if you're looking to use these controllers for Smash Bros. It was really disheartening to have these controllers fail so quickly due to close they feel to the original controllers.
I love the big, bright numbers and the simple buttons. But the “set time” feature was broken (wouldn't set the minutes) and the whole alarm clock felt flimsy.
Annoying that it can't charge odd sets of cells. Also annoying to figure out which cells are bad when it can only do pairs. There exist similar and better chargers.
Really wouldn't recommend. Showed up scratchy, difficult to set it up, falls over easily, and the dimmest setting is still awfully bright.
Bluetooth feature often does not come on at startup. Have to turn on and off or plug charger in for 10-15 minutes,then it will come on. Very dissapointed.
Received....great price, but neither came with additional ear piece covers. Typically when buying these they are included.
The battery life for these earphone is quite short. Put a full charge on these yesterday & 24 hours later they are down to 60%. Lost 40% without ever turning them on. Also they don't stay ion ears easily. Flat cord makes them want to flip up & outward over ears. cord should have been round. they sound OK. but so do the ones I spent only $26 on. I paid almost $100 for these. I would not recommend these at all.
I am a big earphone critic and I LOVE to lIsten to music! I pay very good attention to the quality of the sound coming from the earphones. When I bought the Galaxy s8, the earphone quality was so spectacular that I wanted to keep them forever, and would continue to buy them when they died. I found these and was so excited, but when i listened to them the quality wasn't as good. These are not the original pair of earphones due to the lack of sound isolation, bass, and just overall quality. Still plan to use but will be looking for a better quality pair.
when i first got these, i realized that i had to connect both earbuds to my bluetooth, 2 separate options i had to connect, my phone couldn't play music into 2 bluetooths at once (i have an iPhone) so i could only use one a time, never both. The charging case is horrible i couldn't get the earbuds to fit in it. returning these.
Radio performs OK for my needs but the battery life (alkaline and rechargeable) in very very poor. Wish I could return it.
The battery didn't last any longer than the one I replaced. Takes forever to charge and dies with in 5 hrs
Nothing like a #1 best seller by Amazon. Now I'm questioning Amazon's legitimacy. Horrible Amazon products and customer service.
So far it hasn't died on me and only charge it once in a while, the big downside is the fact that the left earbud keeps cutting off way to often and the fact that the earbuds will slip out of my ear no matter what size you end up putting in the ear bud
Very cheaply made, feels like it will fall apart in your hand, no depth of sound whatsoever. Muffles the sound and flattens it.
Died after about 10 uses, and of course after the return window date.
I loved this case! It's super cute and easy to add to my key ring when on the go. BUT the Pom Pom broke off and I've had it less than two months. I'm really disappointed.
{Charged for 10 hrs} At 3/4 volume battery started failing right at 4 hrs, sound was good that doesn't seem to be hard to achieve these days paired easily. maybe I was the only one to get a defective unit from what I have read in all the other reviews. I returned and purchased another brand
Great while they lasted, but stopped holding a charge after around 11 months.
The cable loses connection after several uses then you have to disconnect, unplug everything and reconnect. When it works, the cable delivers a perfect signal. I need to contact Monoprice, I may have received a bad cable.
It makes effect pedals hum. Too much humming for me to continue use. Might be good for non-audio equipment, idk.
If you are more than 10 feet from iPhone he sound goes off
They were good earbuds until they stopped working, not worth the hassle of getting a replacement and sending mine back just threw it away. You pay cheap you get cheap stuff...
It's was not worth buying at all.
I am in a major city less than 30 miles to the large antenna farm that most of the station in my region uses and I was able to only get 5 channels. 2 of which were consistent clear. The item was also used and the packaging was a mess and the parts were just thrown in there willy nilly. So between that and it not working for me well I returned the item.
Update....bought two. Both died in a month sounded great then.....junk This is the best purchase of the year! It's a simple little tube pre-amp, but wow this thing opens up the soundstage and warms it up with a good headset. It's just plain fun. I didn't tube roll it or modify it , because it sounds great as is.... considering the price. Have fun.
My plan was to attach this to a C.Crane hand-held radio to transmit the radio's output to my Bluetooth headphones. Unfortunately, the Bluetooth signal from the adapter interferes with the radio's ability to pickup the AM signal. Nothing I've tried has resolved this problem.
The instructions to set the compass and temperature sensor was garbage. It somehow flickers from North to south. Also, no matter where I put the temperature sensor, the heat from the engine makes it off every time the car isn't moving.
This is not that good of a product it has issues with windows 10
Noice cancellation not great
The sound is very tinny. Like a transistor radio. I really can't recommend.
I purchased two of these for my sons. Shortly after 1 month the left ear bud stopped working. I also purchase a set for myself but found them pretty uncomfortable or had to wear them loose and sacrifice sound quality. A tight fit is imperative for sound quality with ear buds and I had to push these in so hard for it to sound decent they were not comfortable. I haven't wore them too much due to this but I would guess the left ear bud would stop working on this set also if I used them much.
I ordered two batteries. One works fine and as expected however the other does not hold a charge. Wish both worked well but not.
You get what you pay for it sits awkwardly on your head the cushions are alright. If you e owned good quality headphones these will dissapoint you the sound is flat there's no bass despite the other reviews. You're paying for the flashy lights and plastic.
I love it that its magnetic but the bottom is lifting. I watched the video before I bought and I've received the item without the sticker. Does it come with this particular item that I'd purchased? Update: It's been 2 weeks already and I haven't heard from this company. I'm kind of disappointed. The money I spent of this is eh. Now that I've had it for 2 weeks, it does make the screen darker and I always find myself turning up the brightness on my screen. And I also dropped 4 stars down to 2 since customer service is poor.
I have two very specific things that I HATE about this clock. (1) The most dim display setting is still tremendously too bright. It lights up the entire room and (2) when you wake to radio you can not turn the volume down to wake you more gently. The radio comes on quietly for about 5 seconds and then becomes significantly too loud. When I read the directions, it says that the wake to radio volume setting can't be turned down, because they do not want you to inadvertently set it to no sound at all (and thus not wake you up). I appreciate the need for a minimum sound setting, but it should be one third of what it is now. You must turn off the radio once it wakes you up, because no one would ever want it this loud. BUT, the clock LOOKS cool, the time sets itself, there is a cool USB charger for your phone. Still the two flaws listed above make this a clock radio that I would not recommend.
Didn't like em,they looked something like the skull kandy headset in the picture but they not,they are way bigger.
I did not see a "UL" Safety Certification mark on the amp / control box. Anything that connects to my big screen, I want that seal of assurance! Also the control box to move the antenna also contains an amplifier that I had to utilize in order to receive all channels. Disappointed!
The case is nice but the clip broke right away. I'd be wary of clipping something so expensive to your bag with such a cheap clip 👎
Great if you want a night light too. I put my phone in front of the number to block the light. Can not use phone holder with otter box cover. Not a big fan of this clock
There is scratchy noise from where the wire connects to the input hack, so whenever the wire gets jiggled from movement there is the scratchy noise. The earbuds are comfortable if used only when sitting up, but lying down with head against a pillow the wood part pressing against my ear actually hurt. Disappointed.
Turntable arrived broken. Would play through bluetooth just fine but when put in turntable mode you could hear record playing off of needle but not through speakers. Spoke with company and they said most likely detective unit. Sent it back. As always very easy return with amazon but since it was from third party Amazon could not just do an exchange. Sent back and canceled order.
I was happy with this unit for nine months, which is how long it lasted. Until it failed, it offered nice performance with a well-designed remote for an excellent price. Now I know why it was so cheap.
Very small area for cord to slip into
Not a very strong connection couldn't charge through my case and the case wasn't thick.
The speaker is too heavy for the suction cup to hold it. The sound quality is alright, but nothing great. Don't know what I was expecting for $20
Didn't work for me. I live in a flat area (Sacramento, CA), a couple of miles from the center of town. It brought in about 10 stations, mostly home shopping and Spanish-language. Followed all directions and tried the amplifier as well.
I can't get these things to pair together!! This is ridiculous.
They are a peice of trash don't buy if your reading this your kid will be disappionted in them just letting u know and the sound is god awful and they hurt when on your head
It broke very easily and the mic didn't even work, for both of them
It's flimsy. It's not a good case I bought a thicker case off amazon to compare it and it was better than this one . I tested them both for a week and this one just wasn't as protective as my other one. Would I but this again no. It's it bad for about $5 not at all. I wouldn't buy it again because there is better out there.
Bought August 2018 ......lasted 6 months and is now a dud!
Nothing I like LESS than a set of ear buds with NO instructions!!!! I cn hear great but, have no way to increase the ability of the person I'm calling. I have no problems hearing them===They cannot hear me!!!!!
Cheap Looking. Guess you get what you pay for...I'd return it but not worth what it would cost to do so. Tossing it.
My daughter loved these looked awesome for 1st week..but stopped working. I got another set for replacement right away but they only lasted 1 month ...
This model has several minor flaws that make it a 2-star product. It is cheap, it works for what I need, but these flaws make the product somewhat unusable. First, it cannot be adjusted to even fit shorter heads like mine. You need a super big head to make it fit right. Second, the microphone is really big compared to the rest of the frame. Finally, the product just feels not sturdy on the head. All these things make it hard for use for me. However, it does work to achieves its purpose, and I would recommend for those who need something on a budget.
Battery only lasts for 20 minutes after less than a month of use. The sound quality is OK, but whether I can hear my audio books over the noise of the shower is dependent on the narrator. Very disappointing.
The color is off. Instead of white for the panda it is slightly brown.
Small. Too small for most of my computer accessories. Mouse barely fits. If you just need to carry a few cords and small items, you will be okay. Otherwise, go bigger.
Not ideal for Beats Studio. It smashes the sides of the ear pads...which if you own a pair then you already know it's the achilles heel of the headphones.
Got this a while ago, it worked great for a while. Now it randomly stops playing (freezes). When it does this, the only thing we can do is open the tray, and close it, and hope that it reads the disc right. Which it didn't this last time. While playing a brand new DVD (so no marks or scratches and it plays fine in every other machine in the house). Definitely buying a different brand next time. Oh, and as a side note -- the remote operates on the same frequency as my sound bar, so when I try to turn that up or down, it performs random functions on the DVD player.
Half of them fried. Haven't tried the other half yet. Super disappointed. Never happened with different brand.
It started peeling within a week, opens up when dropped which kind of defeats the purpose of a protective case. It is nice having the wallet and phone together, but I am sure there are better ones out there. Guess I get what I paid for only $10.
Great sound but good luck pair them both at the same time. I was only able to do it about 50% of the times I tried using and eventually gave up since the English decided to change to Chinese. I wish I was kidding.
I liked them and am sad that they just died completely after a couple of weeks. I returned and got a refund.
Kept on falling over...
Have had this 4 months and it now won't work and gives me an error: accessory not supported
Ok little radio. Decent FM reception. Short wave reception is non-existent. I tried it outside my house and at the beach and was unable to pick up any short wave broadcasts. The radio took one small slash from a wave on the beach from an incoming tide and now it randomly goes into scan mode. Would not recommend for outdoor use near water.
Was in Amsterdam for a couple days, adapters have square body with the prongs sticking out, when plugged into hotel wall plug (which was round), plugs barely reached. any weight would cause them to become unplugged. Dryer, iron, tv etc in room all had round european plugs, not square. Worked but will be looking for something that works better.. Did'nt know what to expect when we went. but this was not the best for the two hotels or the viking ship we were on.
the screw barrels need to be insulated in order to prevent signal shorting
Only received 3 channels. I live in an urban area and was disappointed, even put it on a window.
Hard to play with and the bass is just weird gotta mine yesterday and returned today
after a few months of use the headsets sound is fractured, mic stops working properly as it makes everything soo quiet. but what is loud is the echo from everything in game. making this impossible for any pro setup as communication is trash with the echo. im disappointed in audio technica with this headset i received. normally i have nothing but positive to say from audio technica. hopefully mine was a fluke. but still.
Really like. Fit nicely, sound good. Rubber tips easily fall off, lost one already. Tried contacting company several times with no luck. Due to a lack of customer service, would no recommend
I am truly disappointed. This is the second time the item is defective after I returned the previous one, and now it's even worse. The product is unstable (infrared stops working randomly), and I can't view live video while out of the house - only when I'm connected my home wifi. Thier support are nice, but couldn't help.
Can someone please tell me how to pair this in stereo mode so that both the earpieces work together? Box had no directions whatsoever. Only works one at a time. Audio quality is great and so is noise cancellation
Noth worth it....drains fast
Maybe I just got a faulty product, but the audio cuts in and out with my headphones. I can fix it by moving the wire around (the part that's close to the headphones), but as soon as I move again, it usually goes back to being choppy. Wouldn't recommend this cable.
WiFi was poor, alot of buffering, otherwise worked well
Neat idea but needed to locate them higher up for better reception. Returned them.
I thought I was buying a mount with clips around the base but it was a solid piece of plastic. I use my Alexa to listen to music and this is not for that. I would not buy again or recommend to anyone.
Really like the case! The only issue I have is that the case itself smells really bad and I can't seem to get rid of the smell. Other than that, the case is just like the description.
It started out working well. Then picture started freezing and camera kept going on and off.. was terrible
I liked that this speaker was small, but that's about it. I can't personally judge durability, because I returned it for other reasons. However my friend said he dropped it once and the whole thing fell apart. I work night and was really counting on this speaker to stay powered all night, but it never did. It was a constant struggle to keep music going even at full charge. And it was pretty hard to get to full charge because the power cord, or any power cord was not charging it or charging it very slowly. The sound is okay, but no louder than my phone, which is the point of a speaker.
Only sporadically charges my Google pixel 3xl. Also overheats my device
Very loud radio even on the lowest setting. Ended up taping the speaker as my daughter loved the colors, but rarely would listen to the radio.
The buds are very large and the intro is programmed in an Asian language- kinda confusing.
Does not fit the item it was bought for the holes are way to small
I hate the way these fit. They always fall out. The battery life is horrible. No decent warning of low battery and when there is a warning it interrupts your music every 5-10 seconds.
Dollar General had it for 5 bucks plus tax which I found after I purchase this on.
My 1st HDMI switch. Tried it and it wouldn't detect that my PS4 Pro was 4K. Later on the HDMI ports stopped working. Tried different HDMI cables and they still would not work. Not sure if I just got a defective one or if this is how it normally works. Guess I'll be trying a different HDMI switch.
Makes my computer freeze at start since I replaced it.
I bought it and with the 125 mile range still couldn't pick any of the main stations. Only 4 channels were found. Once again not worth it to me
These installed easily and may work fine for the casual user. I probably wear my headphones 30 hours/week, and could tell immediately with one original and one replacement ear cushion on that these are more firm and don't conform to my head as well. If you don't plan on wearing these often or taking several flights/sleeping on planes in them MAYBE you want to roll the dice. Otherwise, heed this review and the others concerned with comfort, pony up $12 extra for the real ones and don't worry about regretting which ones you bought on your next hundred flights.
No good, did not work.,
I bought this bc I lost my adapter for my aux chord. But it never worked. It is a great idea though.
Do not buy. We ordered in late August of 2018 and item started peeling from the edges within 3 months. We waited through the holiday chaos and just tried to return unfortunately too late. We appealed to the seller but they are unwilling to even find out the details for the item being defective. Their emailed response was short stating "The return and warranty period that we offer is 90 days and has unfortunately been exceeded". Why don't you try and find out why an item you sell is defective. 90 days is NOT a good warranty period. Should be 6-12 months.
My wife really liked this sleeve, but after less than a month one part of the zipper actually ripped in two. I don't think I've ever seen this particular thing happen to a zipper before. While the sleeve itself is attractive and really great for the Surface, the low quality is why I rated it so poorly.
After about a month of having it my left ear went out, then 2 weeks after my right went out. It was great will it lasted.
Disappointed that in the smallest possible print, it says basically it is a second hand thing, something I would avoid had I known. It was meant to be gift and why would i purchase an old thing when I can buy a new one for a few more bucks? I have to travel with it in two days and the convenience with going with Amazon for fast delivery is making me pay a price for it. And separately, it is made in China. Two major red flag for an immediate return right after my travels.
You may have to take your case off like I did but no big deal! I like it. Update!! Im not really sure if there is something wrong with it or its a crappy product. To charge, I have to place the phone on the plate and then plug it it. Its the only way it will charge the phone. The decorative lights on the charger light up the night sky. Im always throwing something over it to be able to sleep.
Case is great but all the accessories are VERY CHEAPLY constructed. I tried to attach to my air pod and it ripped 2 times. Very unhappy
Still too small for an S9+ the part of the case for the bottom was not enough to cover the small space.
This was my option to bulk up the grips however it has an odd shape when held and doesnt give you enough grip to validate using this over nothing. It also has a weird protruding plastic piece right where the triggers are, doesnt matter if you're 5 or older it is obnoxious.
Waste of money. Doesn't get much for channels at all and I'm less than 25 miles from all the local stations. Tried mounting it on every wall and in every window but can't keep reception on any channel.
Not satisfied. Second clock ordered.
Was good for a while, liked its collapsed size, but then broke.
Wireless charging worked flawlessly for 9 months, then it failed. Rather than charge my iPhone X, it now discharges it. After checking the manual, this issue is no even mentioned in troubleshooting help.
While the headphones did initially work and are meant for a 5 year old. We recently went on a TX to FL road trip and the headphones begin to malfunction. The cord no longer works when directly plugged into the device. The up volume button got stuck so you can longer turn the headphones up Fromm the headphones. Overall they do work and were a low dollar investment, but they headphones are poorly made. They look nice and the initial thought was they would be great but now I have to get another pair for when the battery dies. I wouldn't invest my money in these again.
I bought myself a pair back in May. After three months of wearing the shoes, the rubber on the bottom of the soles are peeling off. I love puma shoes, they are comfortable, but I wouldn't recommend buying the work shoes.
My ear holes are bigger than the biggest set in this kit. Sounds good when water stays out, but even with fit goo water quickly gets past. I think i am going to return them.
It's cheap looking. I hate how thick it is... I think, I just miss my iPod. I bought this and will never use it
It broke in half after a few months
I purchased 2 and I have to say, “Don't buy this watch if you want a smart watch.” First the Instructional manual print is small and is not good. The App on the watch is not in English. Then the app mention to use in the PlayStore is called the BT , which the app is totally confusing because they are 3. The instructions doesnt tell you directly which one to use. Please before you buy this Watch, Read the Reviews first because I wished I did. Because now I feel completely embarrassed before my Husband , because I thought it was a nice gift. I knew it was $80 wasted.
Range isn't good at all. You get what you pay for basically.
Does not last as advertised. The wiring becomes brittle after being outdoors for about six months. Wiring is very thin and hard to strip without cutting the wire. I would not buy this product again.
I loved these walkie talkies until they stopped working. The one of the slots for the batteries won't hold a battery in it. It's lose. So the walkie talkie won't stay on unless you tape it first. Might reorder a new set and hopefully the new ones won't suck
The design works well stay in the ear well. Sound quality not the greatest but ok,you get what you pay for i guess... Mine does not connect for phone calls.The TWS pairing was a bit annoying for the way others pair nowadays to Bluetooth.
Works fine with XFinity for turning on and off, Volume and Mute. It will not change channels using up and down or direct channel number entry. I tried every code I could find. None worked with channels.
Worked fine for a while but then just stopped. Exchanged, and it happened again.
Quality of image, channels availability.
I should have better read the reviews, the description and pictures are misleading, the sensor isn't included and needs to be purchased separately. Besides that, the relay and integration seem to work just fine.
The rubber surface on the underneath of the headband has come off entirely exposing the inner wiring and making them redundant. I have had these for some time but used them no more than 25 times so I would expect a lot more from headphones such as these. Very disappointed
This probably works if you can figure out the controls. My IQ is over 130 though and, even after spending 30 minutes reading the owners manual, I could not get the thing to program properly. I'm not sure if it's because the buttons don't work right or if its bad directions in the owners manual. Now I've misplaced the owners manual so it's just sitting here doing nothing. I wouldn't recommend this though, the one day I got it programmed properly, it was pretty nifty. Maybe if you're a rocket scientist you can figure it out. Or maybe you will get ones with buttons that work. Good luck.
Turntable didn't turn. Looks nice but doesn't feel like a quality turntable. I bought this for my husband and had to return it. I will shop in person for the next one.
I can hear MORE with these in my ears than I can with my crappy ear buds in. There is no noise cancellation, even from regular noise around you (e.g., I was sitting in a car with the radio on normal volume, I put these in with my music on also at a normal volume, and I could hear every word the radio was saying). Just get regular ear buds.
The design is good but the quality is lacking. In just over a month the rim that holds my phone into place has already broke.
ok but not really loud enough for vehicle or outdoors...better to get a better speaker or earbuds
Did not come as pictured. Only came with blue plastic tool which chipped off first time trying to use and one blue screw driver and suction cup, so five other things were missing. I was able to replace battery by using my own small tools to open. Was able to remove all screws and replace battery, however, the battery did not power up my phone. :(
It WAS great, then it completely died, I even had it on a safety power strip. Any suggestions?
Within days of buying this product the case started to crack all over. I don't know what started it, I just pulled it out of my purse one day and there was a crack on the bottom. After that it kept spreading and some pieces even fell out. Everything still works but I'm worried that eventually the whole case will just fall apart. The earbuds work fine but if the case stops working all together, the buds will be useless.
I hated this new version and gave it to my daughter to use when she's in the shower. I'm using my older mint green version instead - much more user friendly. (Too bad the price is jacked up on that one now!) The buttons on top of the black speaker are impossible to see and I don't like the rubbery texture of the entire speaker.
It is impossible to remove red sticker from the adhesive. It is simply stuck to the adhesive and will not move. I can't even use this product.
Holy Hannah this thing is difficult. I think the star rating is a little skewed! The back button and the reverse arrow button doesn't actually mean “go back”. Toggling between systems is a pain. Does it do the job? Meh! Is it easy? Not really. Maybe in time I will get used to what buttons I actually need. I can say it got 5 stars for volume control because that's the only button that does exactly what it needs to do. I had to replace a $400 smart remote and this $10 deal makes me feel dumb!
Loved this speaker up until recently. I've had it a little less than a year, never submerged in water or damaged, and started noticing a static sound. Now it won't charge after trying multiple chargers, chords and outlets so it's essentially useless.
I have purchased several spindles of these discs over the years. Failure rate is usually about 1 per 100. This spindle showed up with different labeling (still HP) and the failure rate was 12 per 100. So disappointing, this used to be a good product.
Most of the batteries would fail to charge after one year of use. I wouldn't buy again.
While these earbuds work very good they are too large. They need to be oblong to stay in the ear. These are so large they fall out and are uncomfortable.
sound is very static
Does not work, it appears to be made well, the craftsmanship is good quality. Two stars for what appears to be a quality build.
This is one of my favorite earbuds so far. I've received a blue one and the left earbuds doesn't work. It only works on the right one. I'm so disappointed:( Might have to ask for refund
The earbuds sound decent, but there were 2 main problems. The cord was uncomfortably difficult to put in. I needed to force it in. At least it was secure. A more pressing issue has been the earbud tips. Just from putting the earbuds in my pockets, I've lost every pad I've attached to them (it comes with a few sets of varying sizes). They're just too loose.
Ordered this as a gift and it stopped working with in two months.. To return it was easy , just have to wait for the refund. So I ordered another one because they really liked the sound and other features, so we'll see how this turns out.
I don't see any contact info to correct the defect. After a year, with a 3 yr warranty, the battery doesn't keep a charge more than a couple of hours now. Who are you supposed to contact?
I found this difficult to operate and the cd function never worked properly. I would not recommend this
Come out the box with issues tried to be cheap and payed the price word of advice down a little more for peace of mind. Bad sound quality and literally impossible to hear somebody on a call 2/5.
I owned the first generation anker for over a year with no problems. I ordered the soundcore 2 in hopes of a better quality speaker, I turned the volume all the way up MAYBE 2 times to test it out and within the first week my speakers were blown. I usually keep the volume around 7/10. Should not have caused any issues.
The product was not made strong for what they advertised it does need to go back to manufacture for more work on the products it was given a gift so disappointed ☹️
I got these because I read good things about them from multiple sources. I believe that all of those sources never used them for phone calls. There is basically zero noise cancellation. Walking on the street, in a store, or sitting in a quiet room, people have difficulty hearing me. I'm told that outside noise is louder and clearer than I am. I've tried adjusting the position of the buds in as many ways as I can think of, and nothing helps. So if you're looking for clear phone calls where you don't have to raise your voice for people to understand you, look elsewhere. However, hearing other people is no problem. Listening to music is wonderful. If you wear these without active sound playing, you can hear a slight hiss if everything around you is quiet, but it's not really an issue in my opinion. If you're active, they will need constant adjustment. You'll feel then loosening as you move. I luckily caught one of the buds before it fell out of my ear once. I use the medium size earpieces, and tried the large size, which were painful after a while. All in all, they're good for the price if you want them solely for listening at a desk or walking somewhere. For phone calls, working out, and running, look for something else.
its ok at lower levels, but distorts quickly at higher sounds and bass. Remote control is also cheap.
The batteries are dead in about 8 hours. The charging cable that comes with it only one side worked so have to change after charged with dead one .
This is the second pair of these I've purchased. The first pair lasted less than one year before the wire at the jack broke so one ear bud ceased to work. I bought another and it lasted far less than a year before the same problem. Once bit shame on you, twice, shame on me. Won't be buying again.
When I first opened this, I gotta say I was impressed. It had a good, solid feel to it, kind of like the Bose Soundwear, and sound is fairly good, the Bluetooth transfer rate kinda sucks sometimes, so whatever you are listening to might get choppy for no real reason. What killed it for me was how incredibly rigid this thing is and how tight it was on my neck. I wore the LG all day today. I usually wear the Bose all day. I could not wear this for more than a few minutes; it was tight on my neck. It doesn't flex...at all. Is probably great if you have a thin neck, but not so much for adult males. Price is fair from what I can tell. I couldn't say anything about the battery life. Won't really know much about the choppy sound issues and if they ever clear up. This thing could be perfect, but it's useless if it doesn't fit!
The product initially works but then it gives the error that the lamp is not working. Product is obviously not good enough to make the TV work and continue working.
It didn't fit the phone very well.
I bought these because my OEM batteries are getting old. But they didn't even last as long as my old battery. Not sure if it is my drone or what.
8 of the dvd cases were broken. Would prefer to get those 8 replaced if possible
The battery back up is good but is uncomfortable to wear for long time. Sound quality is good.
These are impossible to keep in my ears while running.
They never would pair together no matter what. Only one would work when connected to my iPhone 6. Working with the company to make sure I was doing it right was fine. The support is 100% committed and also sent me a second pair hoping the first one was just a bad set. I didn't have to ask for it. However, the second pair did the same thing, or rather, didn't do it. They never paired together. I'm envious of all the positive reviews. I didn't have the same luck.
After a few days use: (with iphone X) Pros: 1. compact and holds phone in several positions while being charged. 2. Great charge indicator light that clearly shows when charge is connected. Cons; 1. Does not charge my iphone x while phone is standing vertically. 2. Power cord connection to the base is located in the front! Wireless charging is about convenience and less clutter. Who wants to see the cord sticking straight out? 3. Most important speed of charge. Although it says 15w fast charge....its much slower than my USB cord at my desk. Overall review: I would only recommend this if the power cord connection design is changed by relocating it to the rear. And the charge speed is checked for calibration at the manufacturer. The shape and versitility design is good.
Bluetooth connection and sound is good. I really just needed these for workouts, including lifting and running. Returned them because the loops over the ears are large and flimsy. They kept falling out during a workout, and would not stay in past 20 seconds during a jog. Had to wear a hat and tuck the loops into the hat in order to stay in. Super annoying, and will be getting another product.
After 3 months the left bud stopped connecting via Bluetooth. The manufacturer authorized a warranty replacement and emailed a shipping label. I was told a replacement would be shipped upon receipt of the defective set, however, they did not ship within 10 days of receipt. I emailed customer support. I've been provided a tracking number but the replacement still has not shipped!
One earbud seemed to work well - held a charge, paired easily, and had decent range and audio quality. The other one was a dud - did not charge, so was totally useless. Disappointing QA
Worked good for a few weeks and now no matter what you do it is stuck on “please wait....” (see picture) when trying to connect to Bluetooth. To leave that “Please wait....” screen you must hold down all buttons to force shut down and restart. But it keeps doing the same thing. No Bluetooth makes this product very disappointing. Bluetooth connectivity is the reason we buy and now there's none at all. Please help?
It too complicated to operate ... doesn't have a radio, and stored alarm sound is a bird chirping.. that will not wake up anyone
I thought mounting it at the upper most point of my rear covered patio would give me the best reception. However, the number of channels is extremely limited(total of 6 two of which are kiddie programs). At times, with no clouds in the sky, I'm constantly adjusting the direction of the antenna with the remote. Frustrating !! I realize my location isn't the best being somewhat surrounded by low lying hills too mountains but it would seem that given my zip code, which the manufacturer would have as it was mailed to me, may be an indication as to it's overall performance. I am disappointed.
The Jaybird Runs are well made and fit perfectly in ear. Once it's in, it will not fall out, even during workouts and vigorous activity. The music seal is good and allows for good bass sounds. The equalizer will make this earphone apt for the majority of listeners, although for more discretionary listeners, it may be a little muddled between the mids and highs. Functionally, the case works well in charging the earbuds. Battery life feels a tad shorter than advertised. The earbuds pair as soon as you take it out of the case. The downfall is that the on earphone controls give you the option of being volume controls OR a pause play button. But not both. The big NO NO for me with these earbuds is that the bluetooth pairs with the right ear and from the right ear to the left, there is a delay in sound, which isn't too noticeable when just listening to music or taking phone calls, but is impossible to ignore when watching a video or making a video call. The sync is off by half a second and it makes videos nearly unwatchable. For me, while I mainly use these buds for music during workouts, I do make video calls and watch an occasional video and even these short stints become disturbing when the sound sync is off. If I didn't live overseas, i'd return these ASAP but I guess i'll just have to live with these.
These are comfortable and look very nice, but the sound quality is really poor (little to no noise cancellation and often skips or cuts out). The battery life is super short, maybe around 4 hours at most.
Changing my previous review because the USB C port lasted only 4 months. Now no usb c cable works in it. Sucks because I actually was really loving this thing.
Screen protector arrived broken. Also there is no hard plastic covering screen, only on back and side controllers.
The big numbers are great, but it ends there. It worked fine for the first couple of weeks, then all of the stations came in staticy. I tried my husband's clock (different brand) and no static. I think it must have a faulty internal antenna. I've only had it 2 months :(
I never usually am one to go out complaining and review things but I felt as though I needed to on this one. I previously had an older set of Sony headphones that I got back probably around 2013. They lasted me 6 years and I loved every second of using them. So, when they eventually broke back in July of this year I was tempted to buy a cheap pair of headphones but ended up deciding to spend the extra money and go with Sony again because of how much I loved the old ones which were now unavailable. These seemed to be the newer version of the old one I had so naturally I was expecting everything the old pair had and maybe even a better feel or sound quality. What I got was extremely disappointing. The Sound: actually a little bit worse than the old ones I had, simply just okay. The Quality/Feel: seemed like they were made extremely cheap and the uncomfortable feel of them showed that. I could maybe only wear these for about 30 minutes before it started hurting my ear and making me extremely uncomfortable. Not only that but now 2 and a half months after buying it the ear pad ripped completely off and (maybe I'm not too experienced with this and there is one) but I cannot figure out a way to put it back in. Overall, I would definitely not recommend these headphones for the price point that they're at. Even if I was given a $100 discount on these I still wouldn't even buy them again. Completely mediocre sound, terribly uncomfortable, and way overpriced. Do yourself a favor and don't make the mistake I did of buying these.
Does not fit the Series 3 watch. There is too much space between where the screen and case meet.
Sound is great if you sit around in house with sunglasses on these are for you. Can't use to mow lawn can't hear music can't use in garden makes you sweat even more and your not to get wet But sounds great
I guess they work, but I wouldn't buy again. I don't think the description accurately described how thin the wires are. They were probably not more than 5 of the thinnest strands I've ever seen.
These cords are great at first because of the length, but they died in a few months. If you're looking for some cheap cords that'll last you a third of the year I'd get these.
Center wire gauge too small to make positive contact in female coax fitting. Tested connectivity using four separate female fittings--all failed. This mini cable may perform well for specific applications, however. Rating is based on expected performance verified by other customers/reviewers. The manufacturer should add a note notifying customers of limited applications.
It is nice and I'd love it if it actually did the fast charge. Maybe I got a dud, but my phone sat on it for 3 hours and charged 10%.
For how much more expensive this is than comparable/competitor products, this doesn't work very well. I can't even talk on my headphones when plugged in. And the audio has feedback.
They are quite big and hurt my ears after wearing them for 15mins. The battery only lasts a couple of hours playing music.
The good- the case is very strong. That's it! The bad- you lose signal strength in both wi-fi and cell signal. Also the small screws that hold the case together. They send you a few extras in case you lose one while putting it together. Save any extras, you will need them, as the screws will work their way loose and fall out of the case rather quickly! Less than one month in, I only have two screws remaining. Originally it had 6 screws holding the case together, and I have to retighten the two I still have every week to keep them in there. I used this case with an I phone X.
interface is lame and repeating all songs only works for a few songs. When you power off it resets the random play list back to the first song so it doesn't really randomize your list. Got 2 probably wont use either one
These packs did not fit in properly into my controllers. I have two regular Xbox one s controllers and one elite controller. They did not make contact without having to wiggle them to work and on one other controller, when I put the cover on, the batteries would shift and lose contact. I think they were poorly designed. I wouldn't waste money on them as they were more trouble trying to get them to make contact than actually using them
My first impression was good, but after a few days I find out, people always complained about the quality of the sound when I call. I don't receive clear voice quality on the phone calls either. The fonts in manual almost unreadable. Still, don't have any clue how i can know battery status.
Product did not charge properly overheated batteries on Apple Watch and phone
My problem with this is that the top of the AirPod case keeps coming off and I had lost the top of it. I wish it was attached to the case so I wouldn't be experiencing this problems.
Easy to install but pretty flimsy doesn't grab the front of my tv very well I find it to be not very useful
You literally have to hold the phone on your hand in order work. If you place the phone on a treadmill or stationary bike cup holder it starts to lose signal and begins to static.
The subwoofer is covered in scratches, the soundbar has holes and wear in the fabric and scratched plastic, and the package arrived without the digital audio cable. The fabric itself is very thin and seems very easy to damage even more than it already is. Less factory refurbished and more like someone used it for five years, returned it to amazon, and then it was sent to me without a second look. There is nothing refurbished about it.
Poor quality. Did function well.
Disappointed by the quality. The power indicator started blinking constantly after 8 month of use, although the power strip is still functional.
This speaker worked for about 8 months. Then issues with the sound started, then issues with the subwoofer not muting with the sound bar started. Now I can no longer pair any bluetooth device to it. I have gone through the trouble shooting guide and support and nothing. For the money spent and the time it lasted this is definately not worth the buy.
I bought these headphones back in 2017. I am a college student, who uses my headphones to study, listen to music, take some phone calls. The sound for these headphones is good, although if you are using it for calls, you can barely hear the other person. There isn't a bass. It was decent in noise canceling. If I had worn them longer than an hour, it would hurt my ears. Not enough padding. Mine are now broken. I would say these are the worse headphones I have ever used. Mine are now broken. So the material is not good for the price, at the time I bought these headphones they cost 88 dollars. This is the second sony headphones that have broke on me. I am very cautious, I take good care of my stuff. I think the lifespan of this type of headphones is just 2 years. I don't think the price is reasonable for this type of headphone. I don't know if the best play for headphones is 300 dollars ones, I have never invested that amount of money into headphones. I feel like if headphones are something you use daily, then investing in 300 dollar headphones might be the best bet. If said 300 dollar headphones last longer than at least 5 years. I wouldn't purchase these headphones again. I waited to write the review on these headphones, specifically for this reason. If you are going to buy cheap headphones, don't buy this. I really think the price of these should be considerably lower for the quality you are getting, it should be at least 30 dollars. If you have to have sony, then wait for these headphones to come under 50 dollars. Above 50 dollars are too much for these headphones.
Using it for conference calls, and the sound is chocking
It was having a hard time turning on but still worked but then the next day it was not working BUY FROM ANOTHER SELLER
There are 3 rechargable battery components shipped as part of this package. One of the three batteries will not charge at all, not on either side of the charger. Not even after being charged 24 hours did the indicator change from red to green. Clearly I was sent a dud battery. Also regarding the docking station that the batteries charge in, the indicator lights seem quite random as to the condition of the batteries. You may get a green light after charging a battery for hours, but then if you put that same battery back in the charger 30 seconds later the light stays red. Very unscientific way to measure how charged the battery truly is. I HATE returning things, especially at the expense of my time. So I will keep the two batteries that seem to be charging. But I would recommend that Smatree test the batteries before shipping them.
Bought them about a month ago. I was happily surprised with everything, especially considering their price but a week ago, they started randomly disconnecting from my phone, especially when I turn my head to the left or the right so... Kinda disappointed eventually.
Returned it, the plate was missing Box looked like it had been opened, but it would have been perfect
Broke down with in two months of used...
The machine itself is great. I actually thought it was going to be a lot larger, but it isn't- which is fine. fits perfectly on my nightstand by my bed. However, the app that goes with this to manage the zenergy is useless. It doesn't work. I had to completely re-start my phone, disconnect and re-connect blue tooth several times to get to reconnect to the machine. I love the machine the integration with the app is a nightmare. And after reading other reviews here and in the app store, it's not just me.
My husband and i were so excited about this item. It seemed as though it would be useful for years and years on travel all over the world. It ended up being extremely frustrating however. My second night in Uganda, the switch broke and i could no longer use it. i was in a place without access to such items and without amazon, so the rest of my trip i was having to borrow converters from other people. It was really stressful.
The sounds fine for the price and it works like it should, but I take these off frequently at work. Ive now had two separate pairs that have snapped on the head-band plastic from repeated removing and readjusting. I will not be buying these again, nor will I recommend them to anyone. The material is brittle and does not hold up, which it should on something that has to go around someones head. I will now have to buy and new pair and have spent more money then I would have if I had just bought a nice pair to begin with. Damnit.
Not what the picture depicted. After messing around with them and seeing how they compared to Nintendo brand Game cube controllers. It is close but it feels really loose and a little slow which is not good when it is freash out of the bag. At least it was cheap. A good controller to give friends you might want to sneak a leg up.
Cheap made product from China. Somebody is making a lot of money selling these. I should start my business. As a buyer not a lot of value as of 25$. I would buy at $10. Again great product if I am a seller.
I'm surprised at so many good reviews of this speaker. This is supposed to be a 20 watt speaker, but I didn't think it was as loud as a 10 watt speaker I have. It didn't have much bass either, an important factor for me in a speaker. I didn't keep it long enough to know how the battery was, nor the water resistance of it.
Does Parts on it are cheap
Garbage. Left earbud kept dropping out, every time I move. These would've been ok if I were using them to sit perfectly still and watch a movie, but I live a very active life and I can't bother to mess around with something that keeps dropping in and out.
Product is very fragile and should only be only screwed together and tightened with the hand or the insides will separate and render the product unusable. That is what happened to me. Yes it is broken. I never got to see how well it functions.
Its alright not like the original model
Big downfall. To pair them gotta be 3ft apart so you need to pair then use the other in an extension chord to walk w where you want to put it. . Called sony didn't seem right it is
Worked good for 3 months then didn't function anymore.
They work, but the silicone strap is very uncomfortable, if it had been a different material on that part I would give it 5 stars.
HDMI worked thru it but It wouldn't charge the Switch.
Bass in left ear gave out after 3 months. Un-usable for phone call purposes. No callers can understand me when using the headphones to make calls, say the background noise is too loud.
I ordered the wrong item. I thought it was a universal control. Can I return it please? God bless.
Smaller ear opening and not very soft. The material is to firm. I'll go back to Sony
I read the reviews of this product quite extensively, and felt it was worth the try seeing how these perform outside. Many reviewers claimed if you followed the steps correctly, you would have good results. The folks who complained about the adhesion problems probably didn't clean up, right?? I like to follow directions, so I thought I'd get these to work to hold some wires outside my house. I cleaned up the house surface areas with rubbing alcohol, dried, cleaned the plastic -- so far, so good. Also, the backing paper to the adhesive was impossible to take off. Anyway, long story short, these were a total waste for my outdoor purposes -- they came off within a day. I don't normally slag products at all (I'm a generous grader), but in this case, there was no gray area -- these were useless for me. the packaging was nice though.
Bought new battery for iphone It STILL doesn't hold a charge.
About a year after purchase, I started getting connectivity issues with my router. I never thought to have checked the cable since installation since all copper cables I've purchased always met the specs explained in the listing. Not with this cable. This cable tested as unshielded with a fluke network tester. Only now are the problems showing up and this whole time I thought the cable was truly shielded. I can't believe cable Matters would market the cable as shielded when it clearly isn't. Look at the other customer reviews that break down the cable further... It might not even be a CAT6 cable!
Sound quality just "okay"..Right side quit working or charging after 6 weeks... definitely garbage.
In theory this product should work. However, the power cord disconnects very easily from the unit. I thought my phone was charging when it was not. I had a very difficult time using this and regret my purchase. Unfortunately the return period has expired.
They're called over-the-ear, but unless you have tiny ears, go look for better headphones else where.
Really liked them until they die out so quickly. I'v only had them for a month. :(
Has really good sound for the size (not great, but really good!). I loved that I could move it around and not have to have it plugged in all of the time. It was working great until one day my cat knocked it off from the side table on to the couch (seriously NOT that much distance and to a soft surface?). The next day it was "dead". It won't turn on, doesn't hold a charge, nothing. Just doesn't work. Sadly.
Odd ear fit and poor sound quality. Short cord and did i say odd ear fit? You know you have stuffed your ear with something. Much better options out there IMHO.
Sound quality is pretty good, but these are NOT sweat proof, and the power supply/volume control is much bulkier than I expected. To the point where it will often pull the ear bud out of my right ear while I am running. Not a fan. They do work if you are not sweating or moving around much, but that kinda defeats the purpose.
Maybe I just have weird little ears. These are better than nothing at all but still sometimes falls off my ears.
Does not work with my Samsung S6 Edge with an Otterbox Symmetry Series case. It does work if you remove the case. Not practical for me. I have a Samsung puck wireless charger that works fine with the phone in the Otterbox case. This charger doesn't have the same capability.
Product was amazing and after 2 months it died!!!! Sooooo upset. It was super loud and awesome for parties or the beach and it just died out of no where. So sad I would love another one but I wouldn't buy it because if it died again I'd be so upset
the usb did not work when receive it.
This product supposed to work with iPhone XS Max, but not so much. Designers failed to calculate the size of the protective case. It's a hustle to force the phone into the bracket to reach the “sweet spot” to charge my iPhone XS Max. The bracket can't handle the weight of my phone either, it keeps turning “face down” Probably good for smaller phones without a case. Relatively good quality but useless for me.
I bought this for a party. It worked just fine up until party day, when it wouldn't hold a charge anymore. I only had it for a couple months. I thought maybe the charger was bad, but I couldn't find an "authorized" replacement charger through amazon or Pyle's website. I won't be buying Pyle products again. Their company website was not helpful at all. This is headed for a landfill, unfortunately.
Not all TV's with USB port will not electrically support the Fire Stick through this charger. I tried 2 different TV's model and year, and neither can operate my fire sticks. Was never mentioned a certain amount of electricity was needed. Disappointed because I was trying to eliminate power wires from wall mounted TV's. Novel concept but should be noted you need a certain TV USB port!
Great headphones until the tip broke off two weeks after the return window. Wouldn't repurchase.
Although I like the design of these and the sound quality is good, they quit working in less than a year.
I really like the thought of having Bluetooth wireless earbuds without the wire. I owned a couple of m-pow headphones with the wire and there were great, but the earbuds were a big letdown when I try to use both earbuds the connection is in and out really ruins the experience of working out. So bad connection and the battery dies 3 hours tops... back to the drawing board
I received these earbuds on August 18th, 2019. On October 9th the left bud stopped working. Sad too, because I like these. They feel sturdy, sound quality is great and the battery will last almost all day with near continuous use. But without warning the left side just stopped working.
I don't know if it was just me but they were very uncomfortable on my ears that there was no way I could wear for hours for hours on end. The design was very nice and sleek along with the box but I felt it was a little complicated as well since the earbud section rotates it was a little hard at first and it's definitely a pain putting it back in the case properly. I bought this at a discounted price I believe I could be mistaken tho but even then it was not worth the money I had to return it. The seller on the other hand is great just didn't like this product so much
I work in a relative quite place but AC and people talking distract me from focus in my work ( web development) Sound Quality. In terms of quality sound I would say is good . However is not loud enough to shut down outside chats and noise. If noise cancelling is on then the sound quality is a little bit muffled. Noise Canceling : the main reason to buy this was NC. when first used you have that effect that suddenly all noise are cancelled but in a minute or two you realize is not . you can hear AC, highway car noise etc. this are all low freq noise . Voices are very sharply listened using NC. they seem even amplified. Maybe the seal of the ear muffle is not good but I can not tell for sure Comfort: They look sleek, they look awesome . They stay flat. the pad on the bow between ears is really good . However the ear mufflers or pads are rather small and if you use this for more that 4 hours as I do the lobe of the ear will start hurting as is clipped under the mufflers. So have small ears if you want this Pros : sleek, good looking, good pad for the bow good noise if not using NC, excellent price for the results if on budget Cons: NC not very effective , too much pressure on the ears , sound muffled when NC is active
Looks great but thats it. It has problems the stereo freezes when i make calls, it freezes when i play music off SD card, and it Freezes when you use the radio.
I did not receive a bag with my pair. The sound is very tinny and has no bass whatsoever, so you'll have to adjust your equalizer accordingly, which is annoying if you switch between headphones. The buds very commonly fall out of my ears as the back-end of the earpiece has a small amount of weight, probably due to the magnet. None of the given bud sizes fit, and I can't swap them with any other of my extra earbud pieces as the size/shape of the speaker seems to be proprietary.
The writing on this tablet is not bright at all, it's very hard to write and read from any sort of distance. The idea behind it is cool, this product just isn't as well made as others out there.
The replacement remote looks like the original but its buttons are more recessed, thus harder to use. Since it can be used with effort it is worth having around when the original remote control is temporarily misplaced.
I liked this for a while but now a few of the rows of mesh are snagging on everything. Its very annoying and is ruining my clothes. I am going to try to find a different one. I had one for another fit bit and it was never a problem so I might try that company.
Slight issue with right ear bud having whistle type noise when sound stops, also occasionally cuts out completely.
Static like noise and the volume control doesn't work. Only not returning because its less hassle to just keep them
Works OK when connected to my iPhone, but drivers don't install on my laptop and support couldn't help. They basically said “good luck tracking that down.” The headset isn't super comfortable on my head but it works.
Im a bit of a snob when it comes to sound quality. These headphones cant contend with bose. These will be used as spare. Yes the bass has punch, but then the mids arent clear. Highs are a joke. Sorry but no.
Buyer beware, some twist lock arms break off easily during install, and the backing channel or plastic "turn" 90 degrees can be left off. Kind of flimsy product.
The weather radio its self works great but my product arrived literally falling apart within the packaging. The faceplate was completely detached and the antenna wont stand or stay on. Do like I should of done and spend the extra money for a good quality radio.
This product falls apart very easily. Within the first day things are already unscrewing. It also takes a long time to ship to you if you live in the US. Personally I don't think it's worth the wait if they are going to fall apart within a few days.
It's good to listen to music but the mic sucks
This is a generic nock off remote. Doesn't work correctly with tv. I am buying a different one as a result...
My signal become weak.
The print design is nice, but I don't like the feel of the case. In addition, cleaning the outside seems to leave a sticky and dull look. The cost was good and I guess you " get what you pay for"
you get what you pay for. The built quality is very poor with the cable-plug connection breaking after 1 week's use. I'm keeping the second pair as emergency backup, as that's pretty much all they're good for.
One adapter broke off completely after a couple of days, the second one bent after a week
I bought these to use as noise canceling headphones with my iPad. They allow all the noise from an airplane or tv to come through. I had a pair of Boise before this and will return to that brand. These are a waste of money.
Sound quality is OK for the price. Battery started off fine but has gradually lost the ability to maintain charge. Now will not hold a charge past 1/2 hour. Should have returned earlier but past the deadline. Would not recommend.
I live in Westchester county ny and in my apartment I did not get a good reception of only a few channels... reason enough to return this antenna.
Quality of detail is good. It is elevated to allow for sound from the bottom. It just has no bass. A better selection of speakers could make this a great speaker.
Got a great deal on this but didn't come with the signal booster and works just as good as my old school rabbit ears.
Material feel cheap and flimsy
They don't hold the wires very well.
The seller has been very helpful with understanding my problem.
Don't do it. First of all, it is in 24 hour format or military format. It is small and doesn't plug into the wall bu f2f needs to be charged like a cell phone. It was supposed to be capable of charging cell phones not the other way around. The buttons are small and I can't figure out what and why some of the nui m version are for once I set the time and alarm. I guess you could use this on your office or on a road trip or in tyhe bathroom for a Bluetooth but not what I thought I was buying.
A bit crackly at times. Not sure if that's the Fire Tablets fault, or ear bud quality
The headphones don't really fit into the case. And the case itself reeked of cigarette smoke
It worked without a glitch for the first 2 months. After that the system will randomly shut off or freeze. Too much money for not enough quality. Really disappointing
I was in love with these when I first got them, but within 2 months they stopped pairing and connecting. I called support and everything they told me didn't work so they ended up refunding me which I was sad about because I really wanted a replacement because I loved them so much.
Parts falling out of it in less than a year.
I want this thing to work so bad. It's very confusing how many times to press what button to get it to do something. I've watched video after video and read the manual over and over...and I still struggle. I have contacted customer support over and over again because this camera does not have an app that will allow it to connect to my Samsung Galaxy S6. With each e-mail they want me to try this app, that app, do this, do that... it's very frustrating and time consuming. So if you are going to use this on a Samsung Galaxy S6 then simply pass it by... .it doesn't work. I did get it to connect ONE TIME with a different app but none of the functions would work, it immediately started recording and I could NOT get it to stop. I had to shut my phone off and on, and the camera too. Very Frustrating.... I'll probably return it for a refund.
I always like this earphone. I got two packs before and they lasted for years, but this time it only lasted less than 3 months and one of the earbuds was down with reduced sound (unbalanced sound is really annoying). I will get one again and hopefully it will be good.
The charger opening on the silicone layer needs to be bigger. I have to push up the silicone in order for the charger to fit. The silicone layer is soft and pliable. The hard shell layer is smooth, shiny and shows all smudges/fingerprints. The red color is nice. Due to the charger opening issue, I only used this case for a few days. It now sits in a drawer in case my other case breaks. Would not buy again.
It honestly doesn't work very well. Tried using it to watch a movie on my laptop with a friend on a long bus ride, and it took a lot of fidgeting to get any sound on his end, and it wasn't particularly good sound.
Right now this gets a 2 star review. Sound is ok, don't expect a lot at higher volumes or a lot of base, but the sound is very loud at mid-levels. However the Alexa integration is spotty at best...go ahead and ask it to make a phone call or play music from a source other than Amazon. I tried linking my pandora account but all other music sources besides Amazon Music are grayed out (not surprised). I wanted so bad for this awesome speaker to have Amazon Echo capabilities but it's just not there yet.
Has a strong glue smell and the glitter falls off. Not happy with this purchase at all!!
Wonderful, and actually water proof, I accidentally dropped one in pool the 2nd day I owned it and still working like 3 months later. So for some reason it won't go loud anymore , I tried contacting the company but I don't read Asian.
Wrong product but cost over half the cost to return versus keeping it.
Stand came damaged not huge. Still made it work. The biggest problem was when attaching the mount to the tv. It covered the power connection. I had to use the biggest spacer to make it work.
Volume button just automatically stopped working couldn't do anything about it. .. refund in process. .. Don't waste your money
Although it says it works with Samsung TVs it does not have the m8 screws necessary and you will have to buy them separately. If you buy this for a Samsung TV be prepared to spend another $10 for the right screws.
Very large display will be easily read across a very large room or is you have really bad eyes. HOWEVER, if you want to use it in your bedroom, think twice. It is VERY BRIGHT even on the dimmest setting. Lit up half of the room like a nightlight.
Poor sound, not what we were looking for
If you listen to a lot of music that lives in the middle ranges, no deep bass and not too many highs, these are for you. But, if you enjoy a good drum solo including the foot pedal or a deep bass line (Kendrick Lamar DNA) avoid these. They distort like a cheap car stereo with bass and don't really register bass drums.
The design was good. The bad part it did not preform, I used an extra att. still not good on SW AIR bands. Will buy another brand.
The construction is pretty poor. Do not expect to last very long.
Had this for only 3 months and it just stopped working. Super disappointed!!!! Don't waste your money!
Almost impossible to use. Very bad sound quality. The inability to turn this product on or off with its pop up iPhone connectivity is hard to fathom. The power button is so stiff you have to take the thing off each time just to see if you are making contact. Add to that the absolutely brutal sound quality (absent of stuffing the thing halfway down your ear canal) and I just can't understand the hype. The AirPods just work, every time. The fit on them is annoying but they work. These things are so badly thought out. From the play pause button triggering the volume constantly to way the included wings break the seal of the headphones in your ear. I could go on but who cares, these have been returned. Not my problem anymore.
It doesn't work anymore
This lasted about two weeks & no longer works.
Was falling apart when I received it
Headphones don't stay linked to one another consistently. Buy a different brand.
Purchased for our small church worked well for a month, being used one up cycle one down cycle every Sunday and once on Wednesday, then it developed a mind of it's on coming all the way down and motor continues running cant control with remote or via control pad had to unplug screen to prevent it from running. Plugged back in selected up, it went up and wont shutoff had to unplug.now we are left with the screen down whole service, which is hiding part of stage area. Tried emailing and contacting seller with no response to this point.
I was pretty pleased with these earbuds as they perfect for what I needed them for. Only problem is that one stopped working after only about 5 uses
OSHA compliance for these is a joke. Plus the sound quality is tinny.
The right ear bud crackles and pops some times.It also gets extremely hot when connecting.
The charge pin after two charges falls pushes into the case and makes it hard to charge and plug in
This product has nice deep bass sound but the highs and treble are somewhat washed out.no bass or treble control.sound becomes a little distorted after volume is raised over halfway
i got this to us from a blue ray to a 720 projector and the out put on box have to have a 1080 input
Could not get this thing to work, had to buy a different antenna from Menards, although am using the amplifier. Would not recomend
power connection at the speaker is a faulty design - failed within a month - unit is now worthless- don't buy it!
Remote doesn't work can't control the volume
It either doesnt recognize my device (LG V40 )Thinq, flicks on and off all night, lighting up the room and waking you or it charges slow (when it should be a fast charger).
This is my third set of third-party component cables. All produce static or noise in the picture. I once had Nintendo branded cables but they vanished over the course of a few moves across various states. I gues have to pony up for the real thing because I just can't find a decent third party replacement.
They don't last very long
These earbuds constantly activate Siri on my iPhone 6 for NO reason. And the audio cuts on and off.
I really liked this at first. Over the last 2 months there would be times that it wouldn't work at all but then the next day it would be fine. This last week it stopped working completely. It's only been 4 months but I can no longer return it. Very disappointing.
The sounds quality is definitely decent, but the feedback when the cord moves is a complete deal breaker for me. Like a lot of cheaper earbuds, when the cord moves around or gets touched it gives horrible feedback, similar to when you tap on a mic. If I was a statue these would be great, but the constant muffled scraping hurts me ears and is just awful.
miss understood the size, to small for typical lipo batteries :/
It was working (sometimes intermittently) and now it doesn't. When I turn it "on", instead of extracting audio, it switches the TV input into the ARC hdmi channel. I am looking for a more robust ARC audio extractor, even if I have to pay more. Can anyone suggest anything?.
Mine arrived in good looking order. Unfortunately it exploded 2 of my batteries with a loud pop sound. It's going back.
Initially really liked these earbuds. The volume didn't get very loud, but they stayed in during exercise and the battery life was FANTASTIC. However, after two months of using them, the left earbud will no longer charge. I don't know if that's usual for a product like this to only last 2 months but if I'm going to spend ~$40 on an item, I would've liked it to last longer.
One out of the three works, which is annoying. Not sure it's worth the bother of returning. Sound is not bad for cheap earbuds but pointless as a 3 pack.
I got these headphones very recently (about a month ago) and have been loving them. However, about two days ago they started acting weird and the sound became super tinny so I adjusted the equalizer which provided a subpar fix. Yesterday and today though it keeps giving me error messages, disconnecting from my phone, and cutting out my audio when I'm listening to music or on a phone call. UPDATE: after my previous review Pioneer reached out and they were super helpful in getting me a replacement which has been working absolutely wonderfully since I got it
cable was broke..sent back
Connected fine, but the feedback is terrible. It's silent and then the second I go to start a song or get on a call you can tell its about present sound because you can hear the fuzzy feedback start right before the music or ring of a call. It continues throughout the entire entire experience and once the call ends or I turn spotify off the feedback stops as well. If its not having to play any sounds it's fine...
They hurt my ears after about an hour. After about 6 months of regular use, the right headphone started to fail. I have to wiggle the wire attached to the headphone to get it to work now.
First one stopped working. And bad cracking sound. I bought two. Go with the clip 2 its better
Disconnects at every touch, even if you just drive on a bump. Also, can't use it during the call.
Buds didn't fit my ears, even with smallest buds. Returned them.
Was disappointed on many levels you pay for.
Nice design but the sound is awfully low is not a 50 watts my small Radio is more powerful than this home stereo very sad
Purchased 10 months ago. Worked well to connect via bluetooth to kitchen speakers. Sound quality was good. Bluetooth connection was usually reliable. Then about a month ago the bluetooth stopped working so I connected to this little amp with a 3.5 mm phono/RCA adapter cord. Then today the amp stopped working as well - no sound at all. I believe the amp has died since the power supply brick is still working and provides the correct voltage. It should have been more reliable. Disappointed.
The (very short) USB to power jack doesn't insert all the way; therefore, no way to turn the unit on.
I've seen much better towels, materials, and sweat absorbing materials for this price. This is simply a piece of fabric with velcro straps to fit under the foam. A pain to put on the headset and not well designed. I worked out for 30 min, took off the fabric, and the foam was still very sweaty. It is not useful for fitness nor worth the price. You'd be better off cutting up an old shirt and covering the foam with it.
Bought in November. Died in February. Super cute design that looked great in my bedroom. The sound quality was not impressive, it's not a dance party speaker, but that was ok because I mainly used this for white noise to go to sleep. Another quirk, the circular volume dial goes up and down in too many decibels with each incremental shift, which made it hard to get to the exact volume I wanted for the white noise. It was tolerable until it started turning on for 10 minutes, then shutting off. Very frustrating. Not recommended. If you care about quality, it will fall short of expectations.
Made the screen VERY unresponsive. I was actually having to press on my screen to select apps to move/swipe through the display. I didn't try it long enough to find out if it actually protected the screen. I installed it correctly, no dirt, didn't touch the adhesive, followed the instructions exactly and I have a lot of experience installing screen protectors successfully.
These get one star more than the minimum due to looking nice. But they do nothing more than a $5 ground cable. I figured I'd give these a shot with the thought that they might be heavier awg and thus create a less resistant path to ground. Wrong.
It's the dumbest remote ever....and when your laying in bed and have fallen asleep the last thing you need is to turn on lights to find the power button. And the channel and volume button are in the middle of remote so hard to operate. Why can't we just get one like the original??
This design is exactly what I want. I read the reviews and saw a lot of bad ones but I decided to give them a shot. They were perfect! Exactly what I wanted for running. Unfortunately they died after a week. I made sure to handle them gently when not in use. I also didn't leave them plugged into the charger for longer than needed. I'd pay double this price for a product that was more durable with this design.
I bought because I saw a review saying it would work with the QC2 headphone, so I assumed it would work for my QC35. It did not- the smaller jack could not go all the way in. Found this out before a 10 hour flight :/. Otherwise looks like great quality.
I purchased this as a gift for Christmas. Unfortunately I was asked to return it. We tested 4 CDs and the sound was wobbly and grainy on all 4, like it was on an unsteady surface, but it wasn't.
Hi! What happened on this product? It does not come with the box? Is it old or used someone returned it???
I liked the length of this cord for traveling. Many hotel rooms lack an available outlet within the reach needed without an extension cord. Also good length when needing extra outlet in car while traveling in rear seats. Length of cord was my favorite feature; however, the knot frequently slid below the plug and would have to be adjusted. Cable lasted three months.
The bulb blew in 4 days
These are a really great pear of buds, they sound great and the microphone works very well. However I did buy a much more expensive pair of earbuds that have ambient noise microphone so when I have the earbuds in I am able to hear my surroundings too. When I walk around with them in my ear, they don't allow enough (per myself) ambient sound through. But it's hard to compare considering these are only $40 bucks. I think they make a great pair of earbuds for intermittent use, but I can't see myself wearing these for 5-9 hours a day. The sound quality is good that focuses on Bass wich I like so there's no issues with the sound Hope this helps Update: I've regularly have used these buds and now the right bud will not connect to the case as it should. When it does connect to the case it will only connect for a little while but if the case is moved in any kind of way, the connection will break and auto connect to my phone which is really annoying. Hopefully there is a solution but I have to lower my rating if this keeps up
Cool looking but only worked for 3 months which is ridiculous for the almost $100 price. Don't waste your money.
These arrived broken in half. Other customers had the same issue.
Had this unit just short of 3 years and it's already dead. The unit won't power on unless plugging in the charger first. Then it works. Assuming it's the power button. Its had very minimal use and I can only think of a few times that I've charged it since purchasing. However, the sound is great but takes way too long to charge. Like most Bose products, they look and sound great initially but just don't last long. Not worth the price. Just by something cheaper that's comparable and replace every few years.
The screen flickered and displayed jumbled characters, it was probably my fault but there is zero documentation.
Gets small particles out of the grooves like advertised but unsatisfied with it scratching my new records. Im not gonna continue using this in my setup.
For my earbuds, the left one wouldn't work unless I was in the car then they both would work. But while I was working they did not work well I even charged them for a straight 2 days. Still didn't work. I got a different pair of earbuds from one of my local stores and got another pair of Bluetooth headphones they were about the same price and the ones from the store work soooo much better.
These headphones did not work well at all. Too much static while trying to listen to the radio.
Easily installed however the metal stand is actually built crooked. Even after leveling correctly the stand leans to the left.
Mine broke after 1 week!
Great headphones other than the random disconnecting. The issue occurs whether I'm calling someone through my iPhone, or through my Macbook Pro using VoIP. Sometimes it disconnects after about 20 minutes, sometimes it's 5 minutes. When it disconnects I need to turn the headphones off, then back on again for them to reconnect. It's very common for me to go through this process about 3-4 times in an hour long meeting. Each cycle of turning my headphones off, then on again takes about 30 seconds. The call doesn't hang up, it just disconnects the headphones from whatever device I'm on and the call continues. Sometimes when i'm talking I don't even realize the headphones disconnected, there's no warning, so one second I'm talking then I go silent to everyone else. I've reached out to support 3 time, finally got a response and they said I needed to send the headphones in for a replacement which will take 6-8 weeks. Having said all the above, take the calling issues out of the equation these are the best headphones I've ever had. If you fly a lot and binge movies these bad boys will last without charge on a long-haul to the other side of the world. I've taken these with me to Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and China long-hauls. Adaptive noise cancelling is awesome, although I do find myself always maxing out the noise cancelling. Being able to pull the headphones and having them automatically pause is a nice feature that works great. As an example, if you're sitting on an airplane in the middle of a movie and the flight attendant comes by to give snacks and drinks, or you're sitting in an exit row and they just need to hear you say "Yes" the headphones will pause whatever you're watching until you put them back on again. If you're not wanting to make phone calls with these headphones they're 5-start headphones, and as far as I'm concerned the best on the market. If you're needing to make a lot of calls, I'd recommend the Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700.
Worked well for a while, now my devices will not recognize it. I've tried it every which way and on every device.
There's a gap cause a lot of problems.
Bluetooth did not work. Sound quality is poor and the function switch is very cheap feeling. Had to mess around with the knob to get it in the right place
Horrible cleaning,leaves a film on lens because of the water better if it was just alcohol . And they are SO SMALL ,wont buy again.
So I purchased the AA version of these a while ago and have been very pleased with their battery life. These AAA versions last 1/2 as long at best. I use them for my work light daily, and my light doesn't make it through the day. With standard rechargeable AAA batteries, I get 2 full days before I need to recharge them. Maybe they will be good for my TV remotes.
Out of the 4 I ordered, 2 are in the trash already. If you put any pressure at all on them, they come apart.
I like the colors and the feels but I dislike it bc I can't even use it for 4k I can use my other cord for 4k but not this one I guess it can't handle it or something
I bought this remote because the description said the buttons are backlit. The only buttons that light up are the 4 device buttons. That's rubbish. Also, setup is not as easy as other Harmony remotes. I tried to set up 3 devices and only 1 set up properly the first time.
Tried these with my new iPad Pro. They do not allow you to control the volume with your earbuds. I also purchased the real brand name product from Apple and it worked fine. I would stick to the Apple product and avoid these.
My bluetooth earbud did not completely charge. Bluetooth died after 20 minutes of use.
UPDATE: These are labeled up to 8hrs of playback, yet fully charged, they didn't last a 4hr flight. Mad about that! These are extremely lightweight, the sound is impeccable. Once fitted perfectly, they block outside noises. I would NOT recommend these for running or any alone activity because you seriously can't hear your surroundings. I have 2 cons: they can be easily lost because nothing keeps them connected/safe once you remove them from your ears & the connection is horrible if your phone is in your pocket. It skips the music with every step you take. What's the purpose of being wireless if you HAVE to hold your phone. They will work for the sole purpose that I brought them for and that is to use during flights.
I bought this on a lighting deal. That's probably the best part about it. The sound is muffled and relatively quiet at the highest setting. I have a portable bluetooth speaker with a fuller sound that cost the same as this. If you're desperate, strapped for cash or your tv's speakers are blown, this might be an option. Otherwise, look elsewhere
Headphones were good, while they worked. They are really bass-heavy so if you are looking for that, they are a good choice. They don't hold odor like other headphones I have used. The problems I encountered are what I took off three stars for. Out of blue, the headphones failed to hold a charge. Using the wiring provided I am unable to charge the headphones. No maltreatment from me has caused this. They fail to charge even when using different methods, like a different USB outlet. Another issue is that the wired functionality failed. The sound constantly switches from left ear to right ear depending on which way the wire is facing. This also seemed to happen without any cause. I am also unable to purchase any separate cables from the website. Wouldn't recommend your purchase these.
I get better sounding music from my phone speakers.
This is a very nicely designed MP3 Player, The sound is good, feels good in your hands. However, it won't play back an entire album in Blue Tooth mode. In Blue Tooth it recognizes only tracks. With a standard cord headset it will play my albums. It's also award to switch from mode to mode. I returned mine.
The title says it all. I was expecting to get a good bit extra work time with my Ryobi string trimmer since this battery is rated 50% more capacity. Not, so, it's essentially the same capacity as the 4 Ah Ryobi battery. Advertising is inconsistent with reality.
This gaming headset has just been delivered to me. It's very cheaply made and it's so loose on my head. You can't even adjust the headset to it fit more firmly. The sound quality is ok but I didn't expect great quality being as it is very cheap. I regret wasting $20+ on this! 🤦🏾‍♂️
Worked for a month then nothing. Computer crashes and restarts all of the time. Says battery is at 0 when it have been plugged in overnight. Have reset SMC many times, still nothing. Very inconsistent. Never had any issues before.
Speakers stopped working after 1 year. Not happy
Extremely slow charging rate. The intent is good, but in reality, this thing is useless.
These headsets are very very quiet and we really cannot use them.
I liked the color, fit, and options however it did not perform up to expectations. I need a unit that would track my step without having to carry around my phone which this unit does not do. I have worn it for a day now. It measured my sleep pattern but did not upload it to the phone. I have to repair the watch this morning. It just doesn't live up to the other reviews or description. Will return and continue my research.
After owning these cables for a little over a month, with regular use, one has stopped working to charge my phone. And another with little use has stopped working. I still have 3 which are functional at this time. Would not buy again.
Plug does not fit all the way into a PSP, have to hold/prop to charge.
The over all material quality is very good, but the screw holes for the top base are drilled higher than the screw hole. The bottom base stands on plastic studs which is not useful for my marble floor. Its not steady enough. Bottom part should be flat and made out of rubber or cork to eliminate vibration sounds. I will have to do some modifications my self, but again i shouldnt be doing that. Its very simple adjustments the maker should make
So it does work but there is background hiss. Kind of like a cassette tape from the 80's without the Dolby Sound reduction systems that we all used to love so much.
Love the idea of this product and how well it does charge. Just sucks that I have gone threw two of them already. Luckily they are cheap.
Fit and finish seems great and the dual port configuration is quite handy. The problem is that 3 out of 4 have quit working over time. Definitely a bummer as I really liked theses.
I just received my product and I'm disappointed to say it is ripped from the bottom right corner which makes it easier for the keyboard cover to lift up when I type.
OK for a USB battery, but did not work for a jump start.
There are some good features on these buds; HOWEVER, the sound is very tinny- not great bass as described. I compared several pairs against them to ensure it wasn't me and they had the poorest sound quality by far. I had really hoped this was going to be the last pair I purchased but...................... still looking.
I bought this after I had to buy a new phone due to my old one dying. My old phone had a different companies case that would charge the battery completely. Once I had to get a new phone I knew I wanted another case that did this. Unfortuantely this case did not live up to what I expected. It takes a long time to charge the case and once fully charged and you have to actually use it I found that it barely charges the phone. I was lucky if it charges 20% before it the case was dead. It did this every time I had to use it. Unfortunately it is now just past the 30 day mark and I cannot return it. Don't waste your money on this one.
First of all....the battery does not last for nine hours, I can say I'll be lucky if I get 5 hours of battery life, when I walk my dog and take them with me to listen to some music they work fine unless I look to the left or right they disconnect momentarily every time
Had high hopes but it doesn't work using ARC with my Samsung TV. I have to send it back and look for something else. Shame.
Sound and fit are fine in these headphones, though they didn't blow me away. But the connectivity issues made them very disappointing for the price. I returned them and ordered Apple EarPods.
Even when using a shielded quick charge cable this adapter gives nasty feedback noises while listening and charging at the same time, the problem is fixed by unplugging the power cable, but that defeats the purpose of the adapter.
I needed it to control the DVD part of my TV, but it useless for this function. You can turn the TV on/off, volume up/down, input. No DVD connection between this remote and TV.
well made but I wish the range was much better.
Anybody else honk it's annoying that you have to unplug the player before takin it out of the case? And you can't open the player while in the case. I have a few design improvements in my head that would make this a much more desirable product. I also wish there was a strap that went vertical so that the player would actually be flat and easier for my son to see the screen.
forget the cheap hardware provided and get some structural fasteners rated for the job... thus you avoid pilot holes and messing about. The design is absolutely junk compared to the companies earlier mounts. I purchased this one on the strength of mounts i purchased from "mount it" a couple of years ago... My mistake this one is poorly designed and poorly crafted. There is play in the primary stress points, just low grade workmanship not worthy of you TV... Skip this folks, it is a dud, sure it will hold up your TV but only if you don't intend to move away from the wall or move it at all. It works for me only because i just wanted the option to move it when i was attaching stuff or upgrading stuff. otherwise my 65" TV stays flat to the wall the whole time. If you will need to "angle" your TV don't buy this mount it won't last because it is junk design that is poorly executed.
They work but fuzz out at random moments and they don't work sometimes- I say don't buy third party ones like these
I am a frequent international traveler, and have owned the headphones since Jan 2017 for noise canceling at the office and on trips, and for music/phone/podcasts. They offer great noise control on airplanes, and otherwise sufficiently dull ambient hum and office chatter to allow you to focus (but they do not create "silence" or anything near it). The noise canceling is good enough to allow me to listen to podcasts and music while vacuuming. But there are several important issues with the product: 1) There is a subtle popping when used on buses and trains and sometimes when walking (or at least this is the case for my product). I think it has something to do with the noise canceling feature when the product is vibrated or exposed to small pressure changes. I had noticed this once or twice in the first year of use, but it didn't both me since I wasn't using it in those settings. But as my usage increased in these settings it became unbearable. Now I am taking the bus weekly and the product is effectively unusable. The warranty expired before I realized this might be covered, and I resent that Bose offers a default 2-year warranty in Europe but not in the U.S. 2) The ear-cuff material has degraded (cracking, flaking) despite careful use on my part. I take pains to keep the material clean and away from chemicals (always storing in the case when not wearing it), and I am disappointed that it seems this is not a product that will last for a long time after all. 3) The controls and software are clumsy and distracting. The advent of the app has allowed me to turn off the very annoying robot repeatedly listing the devices I am connected to (or not). The beeps however cannot be turned off nor can their volume be adjusted, resulting in loud noises that are unwelcome and frustrating. 4) The microphone design picks up ambient noise and amplifies it for a person on the other end of phone calls. Consequently, distant barking and ambulances can be louder than you to the listener. This is particularly a problem with crinkling sounds, which I have been told are extremely vivid to those on the other end of the line. I have not tried out the Bose competitors, but until these issues are resolved I'm planning to for my next purchase.
Quality sucks, I barely used the cable only when traveling, and it broke in less than a year.
Over half of the outlets are unusable regardless how hard you push on the plug they won't go in.
Case is very protective, but it does muffle sound so much you have to remove the case to make a phone call
After about 8 months of use, will no longer hold a charge!!
The length is great ordered 2 cord's but the first stop working after only using it 9 separate times .trying second cord and hope it last longer.picture is good
On the first unit, 2 ports failed in about 2 weeks. I returned it and ordered a new one. On the second unit, one part failed in about 2 weeks. I like the design, although it seems they do't have good quality control. I will try one more time because it seems some people have received units that actually do work.
I receive the package today and I was disappointed. It was missing the pom-pom and that was one of the main reasons I purchased this item. I will have to send it back based on the overlook
They work well enough I guess but if you wear any type of clothes that generate static, then the column on these goes down. Like when I take off my coat when I walk in a door, I hear the electric build up and the volume on the headphones goes down. I can even be touching metal as I take off my coat and the volume goes down. It's very annoying since where I work is dry enough that I get staticky all the time so I constantly have to readjust the volume.
Arrived broken. Returned it.
So first love the red with black! Second my portable DVD player has been charging since 12 this afternoon it's now 6: 20 at night and it's still blinking I don't know if that means it's charging or what but it still says it needs to be charged every time I unplug it kind of disappointing I was looking forward to using it!
I've adjusted everything I can find on the computer and it's still too quiet. I'm running on the Linux ( Ubuntu 16.04 ), so maybe the compatibility is not as good as they claim.
Too small for my needs.
I Ordered two for two separate phones one is OK the other battery died in a one week
Can only get one channel all the time and it has zero decent programming. Channel reception is great sometimes and non existent other times. I have moved it all over the place and might gain a channel and lose three others.
Cardboard box was split. 5 cases were damaged and unusable.
The charger is a value yet the cord broke just after using it twice, I didn't find it durable, luckily I had another cord available
The sound breaks constantly and some features don't work like the battery reader doesn't tell you how much charge is left in the battery. I rather pay $ 6 dolls more for a brand new.
Not bad, has decent sound control but not a whole lot of bass power. Edit, speaking starting to static and losing low end projection after a about 2 months
faulty battery, last for a couple minutes after 6 mounths of use
Very low quality. Did not have enough power to run my monitor properly
I've used these with my 2018 MacBook Pro and iPad. Earphones produce a noticeable hiss on both devices. Other headphones with both devices don't hiss, so I believe it is an issue with the headphones. Can't recommend this product, as obviously having decent sound quality is the point of headphones.
First I did not receive 3 antenna . I also did not receive the stickers that were supposed to be included. We are able to get a few channels.
This thing is really pretty terrible. The sound only plays through headphones when it's plugged in upside down with the blank side facing up (if plugged the other way it just plays from phone speaker), my car doesn't even detect a device w/ an aux cord, and the sound is staticky and kind of echoes. Sometimes the charger doesn't work either. It's random so it's a fun little surprise. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is literally that I need it and it sometimes works. Bummed.
Seemed cool when I hooked it up but in less than a week, it stopped working. Actually took a couple weeks before I realized it wasn't coming on. It was cool for the first few days but not really something I personally need behind my gaming monitor. Glad it wasn't that expensive!
THE UNIT WOULD NOT PERFORM ON AUX 1 OR AUX 2
Sound quality is on point, it just keeps braking at the top.
Ordered a Digital TV signal meter to help aim a directional antenna. Received a Satellite Dish signal meter w/ instructions on how to aim a satellite dish. Not what I needed.
Not comfortable at all.. Hurts after a little bit of play time.
Battery doesn't last long and they hurt my ears when wearing for longer than 30 minutes. I also don't like how the power button bounces around when I'm running in them.
I purchased the X4 on Oct 29, 2018. Last week the earbuds suddenly turned off with 80% power. After that, they would never charge fully and the LED would never turn green. Now the max it will charge is 80% and it always powers off after a few minutes of use. I have done the factory reset and have tried a variety of outlets and charging/usb sources. I have contacted JayBird support for a solution. The three months they worked, they worked great. The fit was good, sound quality was good, and they were comfortable for workouts.
With light weight training sessions and everyday usage their great. Comfortable, good sound quality, battery's good. Any kind of moderate moving like running and jump rope these are falling out. Sweaty people stay away as well, because when these puppies get wet it's a slipping slide Everytime you put these in your ear. When I tried to return them customer service was not helpful. Also sometimes when you turn them on the left earbud will not connect and it's the most frustrating thing ever.
Well it did charged my cell, it was fine till there but the charging process of the case itself is complicated. Description says to remove the case to charge the cellphone to avoid overheating, and also cell may not charge with case both together sometimes. Description of everything was vague so returned it back to seller. Refund process was simple and got it in no time. Thank You
First, the diameter of the nozzle is just barely enough to get over my 1more triple drivers. That may be my fault, but the main problem is that the design blocks some sound and lowers bass quality because the sound opening is smaller than the other side.
Does not fit snug into the audio port of my tv or soundbar. Actually falls out of female port. I'm looking for a better solution.
These are hard to review - the sound quality is excellent, and the physical design is amazing - these stay on through even my toughest runs and are extremely comfortable. The deal breaker for me: even paired with my phone in my arm-band, less than a foot away, there are continual skips and drops in connection, resulting an a lousy experience. It seems to correlate with 1. outdoor running in an urban environment and 2. sudden head-turns (a necessity when running on busy streets). I can use them easily in gym, but not out for a run. These could be great, but the inconsistency in audio isn't acceptable.
I purchased this headset primarily for making phone calls while I work and drive. The people on the other end of the call complained that they couldn't hear me well. I tried it several times, some it worked better but some did not. As I am using this phone mostly for work it is not very professional if my customers are always asking me to repeat what was said. I ended up returning it because of the poor microphone quality. I will add that I thought the sound quality on my end was adequate (I did listen to some music).
Screen seems nice but out of the two one came cracked hope the read this and send a non cracked screen
I love the USB ports and outlets on top. I love that you can dim the light display for the time. I am disappointed that it doesn't keep accurate time. It constantly loses several minutes, even after resetting.
They worked well for a few weeks and then started overheating! Got extremely hot at the phone connection and would burn the phone and fingers when removing. Also, stopped charging.
The sound on these is great, but the mic doesn't work well. It picks up a lot of road noise and makes it sound like you are a good distance from the phone.
Product came in fine. All parts are there. Its a pretty cool concept and probably looks great on paper. I enjoy how it does not block the speakers at all and adds some protection to the edges. The cons vastly outweigh the pros. The elasticity of the rubber makes it so when it is clipped to some thing the product stretches and allows one side to pull up off the product making it easy to slip freee from the device. The base on the case does not match the depth of the jbl charge 3 base so it is lacking there. This product would work rather well if the rubber was a lot more tight on the jbl and not as elastic allowing the clip part to not pull on the rubber case making it pull away from the end of the speaker.
Had to return. This unit is tiny and very cheap quality.
Overall good product, but every time it stopped working i need to remove the car battery and plug it back so it can start. I don't know why it does that. and sometimes the dash cam wont show.
Bought in October completely stopped working 7 months later tried several new batteries and no luck!
Sound quality similar to small portable Bluetooth speakers in the 5 to 10 watt range. Bass response is weak even with corner placement. There is no way these amps put out 200 watts not even 100 watts RMS. These sound like the small portable Bluetooth speaker in the 5 to 10 watt range, maybe a hair louder if you don't mind the distortion and compression. 2 Oontz Angle 3 Ultra speakers in stereo sound much better. Power supply cord is 3 feet long which limits placement. Returned for refund was quick and easy.
This item came as advertised, in four parts. Two of these parts were flawed. Their zippers would not engage. The other two worked fine. I could send everything back but I did not want the hassle. I'm sorry to complain because these sleeves are such a good idea.
They are okay. The sound quality when listening to music was not bad. The range on them is not good. I had them connected to my phone and walked from bedroom to living room (in my very small apartment) and started losing connection. When I had them connected to my Apple Watch if I put my hand behind my back they would sometimes go out. Phone quality was very poor. It was very hard to be heard and to hear through these when in phone.
I bought 2 of these and they both melted at the contacts. The plastic melts to easy. I like the flexibility of using my old dewalt tools but the quality is needs improving.
Just did not work as advertised. Definitely directional antenna.
These worked fine for a couple of weeks. But they're cheap and didnt last.
One works and I use it. When I tried to initially charge the other one, straight out of the package, it showed green as if it were fully charged but it does not work when put in my trimmer or blower. The other one works well, has a lot of power and lasts long enough. I would give 5 stars if the other one worked.
Mount is great for small tv's but doesnt fit very well for anything over 50"
Cheaply built, spend money for a better pair of headphones. Plastic is too soft and cord feels weak after only a couple days.
Charged fairly fast and lasted all day on portable beats speaker! . I timed them lasting 6 hours at nominal volumes on the same speaker/device so they outlasted the competition 6 months later yhey stopped charging
The antop TV antenna sometimes gets TV channels really clear other times I have to play with it to get channels in that I really want to watch I am going to get an outside TV antenna to get better a better signal
The product looks like a very nice quality case. Unfortunately it's false advertising that this is for the Switch Lite. It fits the game pad and games but does not fit the charger for the Switch Lite. What's the point of a carry case for a portable game system if it doesn't fit the charger needed?
Records in mono. This was not mentioned in the ad.
Kind of a cheap made item, something is rattling and sounds broken
It's a cute case but it loosens up and as i was walking the airpod case ended up falling out because of how loose it got. Really disappointing because i haven't used the case for even a month and it is already defective. Wish it was more durable. Gave it two stars because of how cute it was.
I loved this product the first two weeks of having them, then the left ear bud just stopped working. Has to be a technical issue seeing as i only used them in my office throughout the day and they were kept in dry storage.
I literally get 21 more channels with just a piece of bare wire than with this antenna. disappointed. returned.
I purchased this charger Dec 30 2017. worked good for2 months. Now plugged in not charging. I dont see any warranty information.
Sound is wonderful, easy to use, but it has slowly become harder to charge. Worked fine at first so I don't think it is something I am doing. Device is only a few months old. Will contact the manufacturer today.
Great sound and battery life. More fragile than expected.
Unimpressive sound, pops very often, not loud at all
Didn't last more than 5 months. Initially they were great but the teeth have given out on 2 out of 3 of them. It's great that they come in 3 packs but you get what you pay for.
This case protects the phone well. What is almost a dealbreaker, however, is the fact that no charging cables I own will fit into the USB jack while the case is on. I can charge the phone wirelessly, which is why I haven't yet purchased a replacement case, but it's pretty poor design when your case doesn't allow you to charge the phone with commercially available cables.
The style is exactly what I wanted, and the price was right. Sound quality is very impressive. But the earpiece angle is all wrong for my ears. The part where the sound comes out tends to press against the skin rather than send sound into the ear. I've tried shifting them around, wearing them backwards -- it's no good. Since Sony quit making their marvelous similar-style headphones I've been looking for a replacement. This isn't it! Maybe they might fit your ears and head but they sure don't work for me Advice: save your packaging so you can return them. Better advice: save your money and buy something else. I'm smarter -- and $13 poorer -- for having bought these.
I am really disappointed. The first pair of Altec Lansing Headphones I got were awesome! They lasted me a while. But when I had to replace with these, they broke with in 2 weeks and the earbuds just fall off all the time. I am disappointed.
This remote is not very responsive. The buttoms have to be pushed really hard to make them work and when you do, it will skip all over the place out of control. Its little better than NO REMOTE, but spend the extra money and get a real ROKU made remote. This is more frustration than its worth...ok its better than looking all day for the remote as a backup until you find the ROKU made remote. Just sayin'
Worked well for nearly a month. Now, they only connect via Bluetooth about 50% of time and the sound is garbled and distorted. Absolute waste of money.
Ok but not loud powerful
I wanted to use this to mount my computer monitor to the wall, but the bolt/screw that you're supposed to use to tighten and secure the tv to the tilting bracket is unable to be reached behind the screen even with the thinnest screwdriver I had. I don't really trust the mount, as it's just a hook holding on at this point; If anything knocks or bumps the monitor, it would come crashing down very easily. There's also no way to adjust the tv to be level except for the bolt that mounts into the wall. I'll probably return this bracket and look for a different one with a slightly longer "arm," so I can reach behind the screen to attach cables and secure the monitor better.
Dead on arrival. Bought and tested (even using tips about plugging in power first) with no luck. I was worried it would be poor quality for the price and I should of trusted my gut. Would not recommend. Spend a few bucks more for better rated versions. Will be returning. Edit: the company reached out to me and offered replacement or refund as well as tech advice to ensure it was not a fixable issue. I'm adding a star for their customer support.
The white is not a bright white. It does not match the rocker switches I am using. The shape is also not fantastic once fully installed. However, the plastic seems to be strong and removal is appropriately difficult.
The product was flimsy and seemed like very poor quality . It has too many plastic unstable parts and the quality of the sound was poor.
I thought this would solve the slipping problem of my AirPods but not really. I guess it's just meant to keep them clean
Everything gets five stars except that the unit does not come with any type of cover to shield or protect the CD and/or laser depending on if there is a disc ON the machine. Sound quality is great. You have to have the remote control because there are no buttons on the unit. It is portable per se but, again, there is no cover so one needs to be very careful how and where they put it when bringing it anywhere. Not sure I would purchase again. Should've gotten a boom box for the same price. If you don't mind an open air player its a good one but this was a poor design as far as protecting the unit, disc and laser.
Way too bright, even at it's dimmest setting. (At least the green version.) Has multiple similar size buttons at the top and multiple different indicator LEDs on the display, making it pointlessly complicated to make sure you've set it and turned it off correctly.
Only actually contained one 3ds power cord. There was a second power cord but it was different.
Please post a video or how to. I have the 80gb Ipod classic video and the tools don't do a thing. I'll update my review if I can open my ipod and install the battery. Usable instruction and/or videos would be greatly appreciated. Reading further they say go to a professional for installation. Update: I went to a professional they took over an hour to install. It seems to be working well. Paid $25 which was a great deal. Others quoted $75 or more. Update 2: It kinda works but Itunes gives me an error message I need set up as a new ipod (happens every time I connect to iTunes to add music).
Though a cool idea (rechargeable), this unit has the worst sound quality of any of the three I have purchased. If you're looking for portability, ok. But, if you want good sound quality, this probably not the unit for you.
Great concept but it stopped playing my CD in the middle of class. Thank God I brought my Mac as a backup.
They don't fit completely over the ears making them fairly uncomfortable and they are flimsy and cheaply made. You get decent sound for your money but spend a little more for better quality. Volume control is terrible. You get what you pay for and not sure why anyone would rate this product 5 stars.
Sound was not good at all and the volume was frustrating. Went from a low volume to very high with no in between. Very disappointed!
Description claims volume control buttons on cord, but it only has a pause button. FAIL. Will be returning. Too bad, b/c it has good sound and my kid says it's comfy.
Kids hated them hurt there ears
The seller was amazing I wish I could rate them but the item came in broken at one of the deals where the power button would've, but the seller offered a lighting cable when rebought from them
I actually returned this (although I haven't received the refund yet - months in waiting!) - it seemed totally fine as a case - but I only ordered it as the Bose headphone page was very unclear that it came with a case already! Since the headphones came with a case - this extra one was not needed... Returned for that reason - nothing wrong with it (in case you do need a case, it seemed good).
Came apart.Cheaply made.Firestick still buffers
It doesn't keep a charge
Love the headphones, but this pair was defective.
I had to return it. The installation was easy and the hardware was solid. The problem is that there was a 30-60 second waiting period for the rear image to appear on the monitor. The image is wonderful...crystal clear...but it made no sense to sit and wait up to a minute just to back up. Maybe a non-wireless version will be better.
Well, after a 5 months, these no longer work. They will not charge no matter what. It's unfortunate.
I purchased this radio because of its description which says it has an AM antenna bar for better reception. The AM reception is not any better than the AM reception in my small portable radio. It is not good at all.
This cable is too short with the curly part making the effective length much shorter than its extended length. I can't plug it into my earphones and phone and drop my phone into my pocket without the tension from the curly spring part pulling it out of either my earphone or the phone. It would be ok for a short person under six feet tall but is unsuitable for anyone taller that wants to plug it into earphones and a phone in their pants pocket. If the straight part was six inches longer it would work ok for most all people. Otherwise, it is OK.
They are way too quiet. I have no idea why the output is so low. The quality is great but who cares when they aren't loud enough? It should be able to literally hurt my ears.
It doesn't provide any more range than the 30 miles . Extremely disappointed . Considering an actual exterior antenna to be mounted.
Over work good for about weeks
Almost everything about this case is perfect. It's firm enough to protect my headphones, the zipper is strong, there is a useful removable pouch included that won't cause scratches, and it is very affordable. The whole product is put together well. Shipping was speedy and cheap, too. But, as many other reviewers mentioned, the smell of tobacco was so strong it made me gag -I say this having been a cigarette smoker for the past 15 years. It's too much, and would definitely funk up anything you store in it if you don't take certain measures yourself to make it dissipate. I aired it out and regularly applied essential oil droplets to it for about four or five days, and that eventually took care of it. However, that's not really something I think a customer should have to take the initiative to do when they are buying anything. Anyway, buyer BEWARE.
my remote is basically broken. I have to push really hard on the buttons a bunch of times in order for it to work.
This speaker seemed great until it broke, randomly stopped holding a charge, after a month! You get what you pay for.
The band is WAY too big and I have a fairly normal sized head. maybe works for a guy.
Very flimsy. Awkward to use.
They cut in and out with movement of my head
Not that great. Flimsy case but the price was pretty cheap so you pay for what you get.
I returned 4 of these before I settled on just keep the last one. It doesn't calibrate correctly. The battery last a really long time but the laptop thinks it's dead 30% to early.
The battery power is short lived
It can get loud enough and the frequency response is good. But the sound quality is mediocre and muddled. Bluetooth stopped working after a few months. I used the reset function but to no avail.
Bought these batteries to use in SmartThings sensors. Some last a few months, some last a few weeks and even days. Their life is no where near the original Panasonic batteries that came with the SmartThings sensors which lasted for more than 18 months.
The particular product I received is faulty. There is the typical button on the earphones that is used to pause what you're listening to or hang up and answer calls. However, if I simply move to fast or even just touch the wire my device goes haywire. For instance when listening on my phone, my music pauses, fast forwards, skips, starts playing a podcast, etc. On my laptop it will open iTunes and start playing music every 10 seconds while I'm trying to edit videos. Overall these seemed to be high quality. The sound is good, the materials are heavy duty, and the noise cancelation is good, but I have to give it two stars due to the technical difficulties.
One charger is working just fine, the other worked for a moment and then stopped charging altogether. Makes me doubt how long the first one will last. Not too happy with the results.
I was hoping it was more substantial- but considering what I paid for it I should have known better....
It doesn't come with everything it said it will come with
I like the product overall, but they made it too shallow on the analog stick so it always pops off in the middle of the game. Bad design...
Made cheap elect plug didn't work
They are great headphones, until about 3 weeks into it when they stop holding a charge....
Too bulky. Just wrist, fell like a brick is in your hand
It did not work very easily, so opted for another style.
This Cord was great at first. I especially liked the lifetime warranty. It began to short out and no longer fast charge. I called the company and left 2 voicemails and received no callback. I also contacted them on Twitter...still nothing.
Bought these last Nov and the batteries do not last very long. I use them for under cabinet lighting and some remotes. These have not held a charge very long even when not in use and sitting in a drawer. Also, many of the batteries no give me an error when I place them in the charger and they will not charge anymore. I would not recommend. I bought these because of the reviews and the 2800mAh but these were a complete waste of money. The only reason I gave 2 stars is the charger indicates the life in the battery.
Lasted a whopping two weeks before it ripped with minimal usage of my AirPods. Not worth the money but too late to return. On the plus size, it was easy to install and looked really nice before it ripped. Maybe I got a bad batch?
Ok I know this product is cheap but, In this price range, there are even better options, in my opinion. The sound quality is not good and the answer calls button it is damaged in mine 80 % of the times it doesn't come out when you press it. It is lightweight and somehow comfortable but not for extended periods of time. The connection is just fine. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
It's very uncomfortable. And doesn't fit right in the ear. And of course I tried to stick it out hoping I'd get used to it and missed the return time. Was not worth the money spent.
I have this a two star because first of all the quality feels very very cheap and the sound is not that good and I lost it the first day I brought it to school and I don't regret losing it coz I hate it !!
The sound is good and the battery life is great. Though, after about 20 minutes the left ear volume reduces significantly (This happens each time it is used), so I am unsure what the issue is with my pair.
This is the second VR headset I have tried on Amazon. I'm not really impressed with the quality. We couldn't ever get it to focus correctly. We were using an iPhone7 and iPhone8.
Building quality is vey poor. Only 2 of 5 working
Didn't last very long unfortunately.
sound is good, but the mic barely pics up anything. i use discord and the people i talk to can barely ever hear me, which was the main reason i bought this headset. i'm pretty upset with the purchase.
All of the features seem to work as advertised, except the unit powers itself off after about 15 minutes. That's highly annoying and renders it useless. I saw another review here on Amazon that recommended a reset procedure, but multiple attempts yielded no results. The unit still powers itself off after 15 minutes. For the 15 minutes that the unit will stay powered on, it works as advertised. Sound quality is about what you'd expect from such small speakers and low-wattage power amp. It sounds totally acceptable. Not mind-blowing hi fidelity sound, but totally passable. I'm giving a try to the Teac all-in-one to see if it works any better. If not, I'll break down and piece together a component system. I just like the idea of how easy to use an all-in-one is, but quality of the components seems to be a pretty consistent issue with all of these brands.
After about a month of usage, the earbud covers are loose and come off easily now as a result of the crack as mentioned in other reviews...probably due to the charging dock w/magnet. I'm guessing this is why they are currently unavailable. Decent sound quality, bluetooth great, fits and stays in ear well, but not worth the price in the end. 3-4 stars without the cracking
I like the look of the aux cord. However, on about the third use, it started producing a lot of static. I've taken good care of the cord, so I don't know what the problem is.
Hard to install. Ripped while installing. Does not help them to stay in ears or to cancel noise. After about a week they started stretching and fell off. Not using them anymore.
I work in a loud environment. Can hear all the background noise.
I have had nothing but problems with this. Now the CD player does not work. Very disappointed,
Worked very well for a couple months, but now my channels are HIGHLY unreliable - some days I only pick up two channels, one of which is spotty and grainy; other days I get 20. I've tried repositioning the antenna, and unplugging and replugging.
Sharp is a good product, I had no problem with the system. But after a few days I sent it back because its black and white casing was an eyesore with my own household decor. I wound up buying a slightly more expensive all black casing Sharp system, so Sharp didn't lose out. But the photograph that accompanied the product information for the first Sharp did not show the black and white casing. If it had, I wouldn't have bought it.
Didn't do what it's supposed to... at least on my TV
Not the best experience with these headphones unlike other Bose products I've owned in the past. The earphones stick too far out, which is not the most aesthetic design. Sound quality is average or less than average compared to other wireless, sports headphones I've used; you would expect more from Bose. Finally, durability is far less than average. In fact, I had my first pair replaced only 3 months after I purchased them because of an audio problem. Now, a year and 3 months after that originally purchase, I'm witnessing the headphones fall apart as the rubber lining separates from the ear pieces and the control buttons making them unusable.
Used it for just a month... and the Subwoofer and satellite speakers stopped pairing with the bar. called helpline.. tried everything they said.. still not pairing. really hurt that i spent that much on it and never enjoyed it
Worked great until 2 days ago. Now I either get not supported mode or no signal.
Do not buy. Reception is terrible. If I turn my head, bend down, etc., I lose reception and get crackling in the sound.
Product appeared nice and hearty, but as with other charging cases, eventually the charge button deactivated and you have to unplug your phone (push your phone out of place) then replug to start back up. Since you have to do this so much, the top part became u sturdy and will no longer stay on. Secondly, I took this in a fanny pack to Disney. After the 1st day, the top would not stay on at all, and the top paint coat started peaking off everywhere on the case! So angry because I really like this case, but there is no way I would use this daily any more :(. My return window is done as I purchased on March 10. :( :(
Fall put of ears a little cumbersome
Doesnt fit standard ethernet ports. Seems slightly smaller than usual cords. Had to wedge paper into mine which Ive never had to do with my old cord. Its the only way I can get it to actually connect.
Sound is great, battery life very good, Bluetooth signal with my phone is poor. I use them running and the phone cannot even be in my hand, let alone a pocket. It has to be closer that arms length for an acceptable signal strength.
I hoped this would pull in local stations in Eugene, OR when I cancelled out Comcast cable TV service. We live in an area referred to the South Hills in Eugene. This antenna may be good in flat areas, but it did not work in my hilly area. A small RCA unit worked in one part of the house, but another powered brand (white and rectangular in shape) that I got on Amazon works very well in 3 other areas of my home...one of which is a lower level family room built into a rising hill at the back of the house.
Item came early a plus! But the charger wire it came with doesn't work or charge the iPod.
I bought this so that I could use my Audio Technica headphone with my phone case. However, whenever I use it, only the left ear phone plays music and I have to constantly twist it to get the right ear phone to work. I took off the adapter and my phone case and the headphones work without issue. Overall, I'm disappointed with this product as I'm not even able to return it.
Right headphone stopped working after 2 months of light use. No rough play.
I really wanted to like these but they stopped connecting to my devices after a few weeks. They have a 100% money back guarantee so I took it instead of trying to RMA them. I suggest everybody else do the same.
Barely usable... One works better than the other, of the pair I purchased. I have plenty of connectors and radios, and these just don't fit as well as they should. They are slightly undersized and need an o-ring added to maintain contact and continue to pass a signal.
Doesn't do as described. I gave it an extra star because it doesn't seem cheap like most plastic on here. They also won't let me return it just 3 days after I received it. Awesome.
Did not fit through opening of Catalyst case.
The new battery gets hot after 20 min. and does not hold a charge. This was the problem before. So I use the computer on the charger for short periods. I didn't return the battery.
Buds are too large for my normal to large sized ear canals and the material of construction too slippery. As a result, they fall out very easily. Sound is good.
The quality of sound left much to be desired and the way it connected with my iPhone 8 was not always the best. When picking up a call I would have to switch it to the headphones instead of it just connecting. To cap it off, the buttons to turn off and on the earbuds broke in less than a month. Not the best use of my money and if it wasn't for the customer service with the ease of getting a refund, I wouldn't have rated it beyond a 1 star.
Worked great, but mine fell apart after five months. Never dropped it or abused it. I couldn't get all the buttons to go back in. Had to buy another one from another vendor.
I liked everything except that the microphone doesn't work. The main reason I bought it was the microphone to talk without hands. Too bad.
The sticker on the back wasn't very good after a day it keep falling down had to apply a tape to hold it
very uncomfortable and weak
I bought this speaker for my husband's birthday in September. He absolutely loved it! The sound was great, easy to use. However, it is now December and it no longer receives blue tooth and the sound goes in and out. He really didn't use it alot either. Very disappointing. I would have expected it to last longer than 3 months.
Difficult to sync Bluetooth, right ear bud keeps cutting in and out, and not comfortable. Also any kind of skip song, volume up and down, and voice command is very inconvenient.
I purchased this battery for my Macbook Pro after the original died after 7 years of use. At first, I was pleased with its performance. It was easy to install and held a charge for a full day. After also paying for other maintenance on my computer, I thought I'd be set for a while. However, to my dismay, this battery does NOT last long at all. I purchased it 8 months ago and I already have to replace it.
Doesn't seem to want to work well I have tried it on several different types of speed controls turns on
60 days and dead, this is not what I would call a good value. The noise canceling is no more than wearing earplugs...reduction not cancelling.
You get what you pay for as they say. These are basically a waste of money. Message on phone constantly about how “Apple doesn't support the device” when trying to use these. They work sometimes but if you want all the time just get the Apple ones.
The plastic and rubber parts are glued together and do not line up. So my phone sits off kilter on tables and one side were the plastic doesn't connect gets hot fast. Also the buttons are hard to push. I'd say buy another case over this one for sure.
I listened to songs I know every note to, and you either cant hear parts of the instrumental in certain songs, or sometimes you cant hear the main lyrics/singer and only the backup vocals come through. Super strange. I guess if you only need them for random stuff that you dont care about, then theyre fine. Not compatable with every device (iphone, speakers, etc.)
Billed as a universal fit for 10" subwoofers. Well, it came in a box marked for home stereo speakers, and did not fit my 10" subwoofer at all. I would have given this review 1 star, but the grill is actually pretty decently made and priced.
This speaker is ok but it's nothing special. I've had it for 3 months and for the first two and a half months it was fairly loud ... now if I charge it for a little while it will play loud for maybe 30 and then it's like somebody tuned it half way down ... very disappointed
Keeps skipping. It says it has skip protection, but I just put in a "fresh" batteries and it just stops without me doing anything. It was also expensive to return, so I would not recommend buying.
I ordered them to replace another set of wireless headphones. They only stayed charged for roughly an hour. I went back to the ones I had before I bought these.
What I received was a single square window antenna. What is displayed is a bowtie configuration. Also, the range was no better than the previous square window antenna.
An underwhelming backdrop. The image is not sharp. It's very durable and the quality of the material is very good, but the image is flat & lackluster. I intend to return it.
Not very easy to use, feels poor quality, the plug is not very strong
The plug in keeps slipping off
I bought this unit to be a turntable connected to separate cassette and cd decks through the AUX port. I could not connect my external decks to the unit because there were not sufficient connectors. Therefore I returned the unit to the seller.
First headset worked great on the switch, never worked in the xbox one. Returned it for a second one. That one never worked in either. Giving up, taking my loss and going with something else.
This lasted about two months before the wiring inside broke down and failed.
I liked the idea of this more than the application of it. Once cut, it wants to fray. I found that it I had to melt the ends a to keep it from completely unravelling. Once on, it's a nice cover for the seems to be quite durable, but not sure it's worth the hassle factor though.
I had these headphones for eight or nine days a regular use and out of nowhere one of the headphones stopped working before that they worked fine but it's very disappointing to see this kind of issue in a product
started out good but dims quickly so night shots on TV are hard to see.
Love Sonos but disappointed with this speaker. No Spotify support out of the box and no stands available (it won't work with the existing Play 1 stands either).
The HDMI signal is broken during the switch between sources, causing the projector to have to re-negotiate the HDMI signal. This creates a delay and a warning from the projector which gets displayed for all to see. DO NOT BUY this if you want a smooth transition between sources, it will NOT do what you want it to do. From the description..."Connects up to 3 HDMI source components to a single HDMI input for seamless transitions between gaming, television and more" This is a lie. Sending this back...
Had for about 3 weeks then it broke.
Consumes battery quickly. I don't use it that much but I change the triple As twice or thrice a month. Weird
Took a full day just to charge the jbl pulse 3. Had it connected the the original jbl charging cube.
Not suggesting for curls coils kinky hair.
The surge protector is not of good quality and I received my item with the surge protector strip disabled by default, which is the exact opposite of intended functionality.
I loved the looks of this. So many spaces for your cds. Started filling it up. Was no where near half full. Went to zip it up and zipper broke off. Decided to just keep it and fix the zipper later. Filled it up with about 8 slots empty and this is no where near able to close. The pages even stick far out from where it would close.
The case did make my phone heavy. It was good for about two months and charged fast. Now when I put my phone into the case and press the charge button, it'll light up and charge for a second and then turn off. Don't buy, invest in something that'll last you longer.
Guess I didn't look into the reviews enough. Can't run simultaneously tvs from 1 HDMI source
Pretty much useless, the clip puts pressure on volume and power buttons so the randomly are pressed. The weight of the phone even though it's a Pixel 3a and it's very light is also very top heavy making it hard to play games.
Does not work. I was very excited to use this but it does not work. I'm highly disappointed. Belkin usually has great products this is not one. Buyer beware.
This is a replacement set. After 3 weeks of use the microphone doesn't work at all. I can hear great but no one can hear me at all. This is a waisted 30.00. I will not purchase from this company again. Though I am very upset about these headphones conking out on me., the customer service team has reached out and offered a replacement ( different type of headphones) Let's all pray that they work properly. I will update after I receive the replacement to the replacement headphones.
Nice idea but hard to wrap. I bought two and ended up returning both. Not exactly what I expected.
Had to send it back - my mistake.
One of the earbuds did not work. Only one of them arrived functioning, while the other never turned on. It failed to charge or respond. Charged it for two hours but it never turned on. Really disappointed in that. The earbud that did work sounded really good and was very comfortable.
Looks pretty sleek but it is not good quality. Headset came in just a big plastic ziplock bag. Left part of headset have something loose inside and rattles. Verified it is not the ear piece itself. Rubber ear insert slides off the earbud easily. It does not have the stopper/ring like most. Most annoying thing is randomly, during playback, it'll say battery high, battery medium etc. If it only did that when first turning on, or low battery that is okay, but this thing would notify randomly even at high/medium battery! Will be returning due to the rattle inside and false battery life.
The design is not comfortable around my head
I bought this 5 months ago and barely used it for 2 of those months. It's now not working at all. Outlet is functioning, laptop is fine, but the adapter won't even light up. It was a great adapter while it worked....
Easy to use and works great! The reason for the 2 star rating is the sticker on top of the lid. It use horrible adhesive and does not come off cleanly. I soaked it to get all the paper off, then used goo gone to remove all the adhesive. Final clean up was done with a magic eraser. Mine is behind something but if out in the open it does not look clean.
Did ok. Don't use them anymore.
Boosts the signal a little bit, but definitely not so much to make it worth its price. I keep having to move it when I switch tv stations, and often have to try for quite a while before I get an acceptable signal.
Did not work for me. Clear click replaced it promptly but it still did mot work for me. Company is great. Maybe I just got a couple of bad ones. I would try it. If it works then awesome. If not the company is responsible and great service.
Contacted the seller about 3-4 weeks after purchasing because sometimes the recording light indicator wasn't turned on. Most importantly, NOT ABLE TO VIEW VIDEO FOOTAGE. The tiny buttons do not respond . Very dissapointed in this product!!
Not eligible for return and doesn't seat USB C plug properly- only accepts/fits 1/2 way. If u barely hit it, it will unplug.
I mean, I know they're cheap headphones. Obviously they aren't made with durability or quality in mind, but I can honestly say I wish I had spent a little extra. The sound quality was noticeably worse than my old pair, and I'm no audiophile. The headset themselves simply stopped pairing after dropping a few times, after a grand total of 4 months. Get something better.
The record player needle was defective.
I thought I'd try these, but I've been disappointed. No one can hear me when I talk into the microphone and the huge battery packs or whatever is hanging on them make it impossible to work out in these. Unless you are stationary, they weigh too much and get in the way. No way to run with them because the weights move around and you can't hear anything. Also problematic when it's windy. That being said, the battery life is good, which is pretty much the only thing I've been impressed with in these. Even worse, they contacted me saying they'd refund me if I took down my review--now that's messed up.
I HAD a problem with The product, unhappy. But I live in Brazil and I don't have idea how I Will be solution this situation with this product.
I waited anxiously to get my new speakers in after reading the other reviews, I expected a great value for the price. The sound volume though, is no louder than the $40 sound bar I was looking to replace. I liked the idea of surround sound, but the volume just isnt there sadly to support keeping. Its being shipped back tomorrow.
Returning (for a lovely fee of $5.99 --note this before you buy to try it). The hole for the home button (on the back of the phone) isn't centered to the actual button on the phone at all so it comes off looking like a cheap knockoff case that can easily be purchased for $9.99, not something that you paid 3x the price for. Also, the bright white color on the sides looks tacky. The problem is that the "clear" part of the case dulls the white backing on my Google Pixel 2XL --so you have a bright white rubber-like material on the sides with a faded back which looks odd. I've heard great things about this brand, sadly it didn't nearly live up to the hype. I'd rather lose the $6 return shipping than keep this case and make my $1000 phone look like a joke.
no better than the batter that came with the phone
The headset is not adjustable, so if you have a larger head or ears, be prepared for squeezing and pinching. I can't speak to any other feature as they were so uncomfortable to wear I never even turned them on.
I have charged these overnight and when I unplug them the light shows RED. I have also tried to reset them so that I have both earbuds in stereo, however, that has not worked. I liked them fine when I first got them, but now things have gone from wonky to defective. One of the earbuds does not charge, period. I have used this ~ 1.5 months. Very disappointed. Update: I reached out to Amazon Customer Service and since they broke after the 30-day Amazon return window they have charged me a 20% restocking fee. I am not impressed with their customer service.
I have had several headsets, they last about a year or so. This was my favorite except one side stopped working after 4 months.
Worked well until I went to use Netflix or Hulu on my fire stick and somewhere in the transition the master would flip and the rest of my TV devices including the firestick would turn off. The TV is plugged into the master plug and it pretty much serves me no purpose because those are my primary sources of television. Pretty disappointed in this.
This product was good when I got it about a month ago but the wiring towards the charging plugin part is already breaking definitely not worth the money.
I brought this product and does not come with a charger plus it's not the regular USB cord, I would like to leave good review but I can't because I can't even use it ! Anybody have I got about what type of cord does it take to charge this thing pls let me know
It is too cheap to bother sending back. So just chalk it up to another rip off.
I didnt like how it kept opening and letting my phone fall out..
Got son for a Christmas gift. Sound was not good at all! Had to return.
Instructions are not clear and difficult to follow
See attached picture of one of them shorting out with a fast charging cable. One is still working fine, but I would be weary of these as it seems there is no regulation on amount of volts that pass through it.
Fit ok, clear case yellowed badly. I didn't realize this would happen. My white phone just looks dirty.
I did not find that they lowered the noise as much as my regular ear buds
Battery life is horrible after a short amount of time.
I purchased these because I thought these would be a good alternative to the high end ridiculous cost earbuds like Beats, Sony, Apple and Bose. What's most important to me is Sound quality, battery life and comfort. These failed in sound quality. The volume is low. There is no substantial bass. Secondly they stick out of your ears quit a bit. Also I thought the touch feature would be more like the AirPods instead of like my phone so you can't us these with gloves unless you buy touch screen gloves which is inconvenient. I can't really say if the battery life lives up to the advertised product detail because I couldn't tolerate the sound long enough to test it. All and all these do not live up to any audiophiles expectations unless you have very low expectations. In the plus column they look and are packaged very professionally.
The Portable Charger gets extremely hot when charging. This is not just a warm to touch as you would expect with charger. I do like the fact that the cable that is included with the charger is used to charge the portable charger and also an I phone. This is very convenient. I would not buy this product again.
Sounds good. The weight of the battery strip is a design flaw. They bounce off the shoulders with any movement.
Sound not cracked up to what it should be. Have to turn it up all the way to hear it
Honestly I was disappointed. I have bought now four of these TV antennas so I do feel I have a good idea of what to expect and what not to expect. This particular one....for whatever reason not only has trouble picking up a signal but the sticky tab was basically useless... There are definitely better ones on the market
I bought the 2 pack, one of these batteries is already toasted! I've had them a little over a year, next time I'll head to Home Depot and get the real deal.
These only lasted 1.5 months in a game camera on a full charge. Supposed to last 6 months. Very disappointed!
Not sure if mine was defective but earpiece broke on one side after 2 days.
It picks up channels but mostly shopping network. Only useful one is CBS
Works ok but the recepticals are too close together. Would be okay at home but not in a workshop that uses larger plugs.
The volume is quite low on my Android device for music, but the bigger issue is that callers cannot hear me and say I sound very distant.
It's OK, but I was expecting much more for $10. This should be $1.99.
It was working well for a while, but then the headphones itself started to turn on google voice on it's own and it somehow pauses my music and controls my volume. Do yourselves a favor and move on, and don't by this headphone. Walk on by.
The product didn't last. We only use product couple of times. It over heats and shuts down now it wont work at all.
Bluetooth is very challenging to used and installed.
I always wait a while to review a product so I can review it's longevity. This cable worked as it should for about a month or so. After that, it started to give a lot of feedback. At first, I thought it was my phone or car jack, so I grabbed an old aux cord and it worked fine with no feedback. Plugged this one back in and had lots of feedback again.
Far too narrow to be of real use. They are so narrow I thought they were square belts at first. Maybe OK for Walkman-type players but will not work well for cassette deck motors and flywheels that use flat belts. I could have used a square belt just as easily as these. They might work for some purpose but not for cassette decks. Good service from seller but the product is a let-down.
It seems to fit just fine but it's slippery.
You get what you pay for with this record player. Turntable itself feels light and made of a thin metal. The arm is metal which is nice but the lever to adjust the needle height dosnt work, causing the needle to fall on its own. It assembles easily and plays out of the box. At lower volumes it sounds good with the included speakers but at higher volumes it falls apart, so I would only suggest to use it in smaller rooms. Also out of the box one of the speakers play much quieter than the other, after switching them and getting new wires nothing seems to work, and with no balance control on the system I may need to get new speakers all together. I wouldn't recommend this record player, all in all very cheaply made, can't imagine it will withstand the long term
Batteries work great in my streamlight, they at least double the light output. The charger I received is defective and does not work properly. Only one bank charges, led indicator stays the same.
It would have been nice if they sent both pairs instead of just one.
Very cute but it only worked for a week :(
though the cases are kind of flimsy they do work well. However they came tightly packed in a box in a box and in transporting if bumped they have no room to absorb the shock. I had several that were broken on the corner and had to thrown away. I should have returned but it is a good buy just needs better safer packaging.
Left earphone died after 3 months of use. Was used moderately daily and wasn't treated poorly.
Screw holes don't line up with bracket holes so they had to be screwed directly into Sheetrock
This speaker was to be used on my bedroom tv. It died last night. Shortest length of time I've ever seen a speaker work.
Look identical to air pods, sound quility is nice. Only problem, one of the pods was dead on arrival. Tried charging multiple times and it would not turn on when pulled from the case. The light would come on to indicate charging but would not turn on or connect. Also tried pairing several times as well. I guess its to be expected with knock off stuff.. Its a gamble and luckily theyre still fairly cheap
I bought this in August of 2017 and it blew out in March of 2019. 20 bucks was still worth the year and a half of TV but I feel that it should have lasted longer. Had a techy friend check the tv and all is well with the tv. He said it's just a lower quality bulb. Even still...here I am again to order another. Shipping was fine and the tv works great with it. Just expect to replace during the life of the television.
You must rince with water after cleaning or you will get a lot of surface noise.
One cord lasted a week before it stopped working totally. The other lasted almost 2 months. I wasn't hard on either cord. These are cheap junk. Spend more money and get something that's better made.
The sound quality isn't great and every LP that goes on it skips and jumps. Would not buy again or recommend to anyone else.
I like having them mostly but them getting here, the wait was unusually long and what I like the least about the headphones is the size is bigger to where they tend to fall out of my ear at times
Bought 2, both were missing the metal Hook and the bluetooth grey sticker on the front. When you turn it on it has a woman/robot telling you that is on or off or connected.. verry annoying.
I hate to leave a bad review, but these REALLY get in the way of the lower trigger button on the rift controllers. After a while we just removed them.
Battery lasts as long as it says it does but the sound quality is bad. Sounds goes in and out and
Broke 2 belt clips in the course of a week. Silicone on the case stretches quickly, and screen protector broke with no drops or other obvious impacts. Looks good.
These were not as expected! Cheaply made
They do NOT stay in my ears while I run!!! I tried all 3 sizes of buds. When I get sweaty they fall out!!!!
Did not last long connector broke. Good while it lasted two weeks
This is the first Otterbox case that I've purchased that I can honestly say is garbage. It cracked the first week, not from being dropped but from being packed in my work briefcase.
I bought this item for my daughter for her air pods. It is a very sturdy case but after two weeks the zipper pull has already come off which is very disappointing. I was hoping it would hold up better.
Color is darker than in the posted pictures.
Lasted about 2 years and gave out. Also, batteries need to be changed about every 6 months.
Not so good as original charger. Magnet is a lot weaker and does not connect or charge every time. Have to take watch out and re-seat and then it works.
I ordered a cute little mushroom speaker and received this green one... -_-
Out of the 4, 1 was broken from the start. Others worked ok, but feel cheated. Found out Past the return date.
Well it doesn't have enough air flow. Not enough power.
Looks awesome but that's it.. I Had nothing but connection problems and this controller can't hold a charge for nothing thus making it useless!!
The sound system isn't that good. The price was good
At first this case worked perfectly and just today the charger stopped working. I can't charge it anymore and have to take my case off in order to charge my phone. I've only had it for 2 months!! So very disappointed!!
Nunchuck plug doesn't fit well.. and falls apart upon removal. Also loses sync with wii frequently.
This stopped charging after 4 months. :( Another aspect to be aware of is that your phone has to be directly next to the unit to sync music. It's a good product idea but it's not quite there yet.
Awkward case shape, makes above screen wall mounting difficult. Still haven't found an adjustable mount that will allow speaker focusing. Would not repurchase.
Liked the design in the picture but actual item had wobbling buttons
My 12 year old daughter really liked these for 3 month. Then the sound started cutting out for a while and now they completely stopped working. I gave 2 stars because they lasted longer than others.
Cool looking and had high hopes. Sound quality a little muffled and CD player didn't work.
Product is fine but the whole reason I bit from them was the guarantee of delivery which did not happen on time and I paid $400 for shipping?
It works, good video. Loud hum from the sound, and is about as durable as a tin can.
The earpads where not very cofortable they, are very stiff
Callers can hear you if you have a iPhone.
Doesn't work for iOS
Definitely not made for the Sony headphones that Amazon pairs it with. It is a super super tight fit almost feels too tight. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because people probably work great with the correct headphones it is a nice case and it is nicely built it is just not the correct one it says it is
I have purchased Spigen cases before and did not think anything of reading reviews before buying this. Got the case and everything went together great. Amazing fit with the back part of the case and the glass cover. However, right away I notice a huge decrease in touch sensitivity. The lower right corner of my keyboard barely works. I have to push down hard on the buttons and go really slowly for it to engage. I am removing the glass cover because I cannot deal with how sporadic this is. I am going to keep the back cover on and hope that if I drop this 900 dollar phone the back case protects what I need it to. Spigen, you got my business this time, but I will be more careful next time.
Too clunky - it falls out. A better option are those with cables - but then you have to make sure the base plug has a USB.
I've had this headset for over a month and I use it daily. There's only two things that I don't like about this headset and that's the battery and the ear pieces don't retract or are magnets. They just hang and get in the way. That was an oversight on my part for not reading the whole description of the item. After a handful of hours of use the battery is nearly dead. It has a switch for noise cancelling and that drains the battery faster. I had a LG headset and the battery lasted over 10 hours of continuous use and this one dies after 4-5 hours. I like everything else about it but the battery life is the deal breaker.
despite following somewhat cryptic and non-intuitive instructions in booklet, headphones do not retain a charge, even after two full nights of connection to power source. advertised as have up to four hours of charge time, but closer reading of instruction booklet seems to indicate this is only obtained by reconnecting headphones to battery pack for up to three additional charges. This implies that each charge works for only about an hour. Headphones were purchased for athletic use (long runs and bike rides) and will not suit that purpose if battery life is that short in between re-chargings.
I bought this for my fit bit blaze. It dose not work and will not fit tight enough to charge my fit bit.
It will only connect to my wireless earbuds about 50% of the time. As far as I can tell, it does not actually have a "batter-life" and must be plugged into a power source at all times.
Hopeless with a hairdryer in the U.K. the power kept surging It's ok if you just want to charge phones or tablets.
The picture that advertises your charger shows it fitting in the travel case with the Bose Soundlink. It doesn't. That makes it less useful since it has to be carried separately and increases the chance of it being misplaced.
After two days of been in my pocket, it started to fade (the snake part)
The receiver is very positional. If the angle is slightly off, the performance is severely hampered. I have tried it on the mantle and a shelf about seated eye height. Many times, I have to press the remote button several times to get the operation to occur. I am really leaning towards replacing them with ones with a better rating. I have had these for over 6 months.
After using them at work almost everyday for 3 months, the right sides's back fell off, and soon the entire right earpiece broke off, since the back was holding several pieces together. Disappointing because I had another pair before this one that had lasted maybe a year and a half before breaking. Not sure I'd repurchase.
I bought this in Nov 2017. It is now April 2019. I cannot use it unplugged from the charger or it screeches with horrible distortion and the battery dies in less than an hour after showing full charge. I wish I'd bought a new one.
I've had this case for two days. The flap covering the charging hole has already ripped off and the spring/locking part of the carabiner is broken. Frustrating...
The package had no instructions and the process was not self explanatory.
The installation was easy and it worked intermittently. I was able to change the volume, but it wouldn't consistently transfer station number inputs. I made sure it was directly over the receptor by moving it back and forth while I tested it. I thought it was just getting it in the right spot, but no matter where I put it, it worked minimally, if at all. I sent it back. On the plus side, the return was easy. I was given an RMA right away.
Cord seems to have low quality ends and looses connection.
Awesome purchase...at first. Sound quality is decent, especially for the price. Soon after purchase, volume control stopped working. Soon after, sound in both earpieces stopped completely.
Worked for like ten minutes then died
Disappointed with the sound and the quality of this turntable. Other than the wood case the product components seemed flimsy. I returned it.
Bought 2 phones (same) Beautiful condition. One with a screen protector in place, the other without. Problem. Not for US market. Japanese phone. Not a problem, except... Can't get a battery change in USA. Apple store said they are grey market, and somehow locked to AT+T despite being from another country. Can't silence the camera (ever)- so unable to use social media selfies- important to the kids- not a big deal for me, but makes the phones not useable at their school. Attempting a return through the vendor.
I was not able to you the adhesive as it would not grip so I used the vent clip. The clip worked fine for a short while but the clamps stopped working correctly. Ended up having to purchase a different one.
It's easy to hook up and I managed to pick up a few channels, but it wouldn't bring in the main station I wanted that was only 50 miles away. At least when the cable goes out, I can get a couple of channels to watch.
Unfortunately this antenna did not work for me. I live in the foothills of the Sierra mountains and apparently no line of sight for any antenna's!oh well!
Sound good and feel okay but the battery doesn't last long at all. I'm lucky to get an hour before they die. The case is easy and convenient it doesn't seem to hold much of a charge.
Fell apart in a couple of months
Well...they were cheap. I ordered these to replace the battery in my misfit command watch. The original battery lasted 7 months....when I put any of these on they showed half full and each one lasted 2 days....except for on that lasted 5. Now on buying the name brand.
This charged my phone veryyy slowly, never even got it to 100%, and I was constantly having to charge the thing itself, and that was also so slow. This was a massive let down during a conference I attended in D.C. and needed a portable charger every day. This thing was a 6/10 and very, unimpressive. I would not recommend. I'll be buying something else for my work travel.
This product looked to be what we needed. Light weight and portable. First use great battery life. On use three the charging cord quit working. Was unable to charge the battery pack. Only had unit one week. Will be sending this unit back.
The headphones sounded pretty good for the price if you only cared about one earphone working at a time. The ones I had couldn't pair with each other so only one worked at a time. was a shame they did feel good in my ears and where very secure. I returned this with out any issue.
Update: Taking away another star. The issue of the earbuds becoming loose in the case and turning on/connecting to my phone at inconvenient times is an issue. I've had several phone calls get interrupted by this while driving as the earbuds will be in the case in my backpack and shift enough to become lose. This causes them to turn on and connect to my phone. Works well and decent battery life! Have trouble getting the headphones to sit properly in the case to charge/turn off sometimes. This can be frustrating. Otherwise product works great. Edit: Charging case is still the major detriment to this product along with the only way to turn it on/off being removing it or putting it back in the charging case. As the connection to the case is temperamental, the earbuds often become loose in the case and will randomly pair to my phone. This causes it to disconnect from other devices and connect to the headphones unexpectedly.
The magnets are week.
Triggers Google Assistant every time you plug it in. Disabled microphone on the cell phone when plugged in.
They broke apart and started shocking my ears within a week, one side would not produce sound. The second pair I got works great. I am struggling to get a refund on the broken pair though. Would not buy again.
I really love the fit of these headphones but they are very loud! Using an iPhone I checked the volume control. At 1 they have no sound at all, at 2 it jumps up to pretty loud. They do not allow a low volume so that really bums me out. The noise cancelling with ANC on is fair. It definitely cuts out some sound but I would not say these are noise cancelling. The fit & comfort of these is excellent. They perfectly cover my stretched earlobes too. I really wanted to love these but the fact that the sound jumps up so high at a volume of 2 and has no sound at a volume of 1 is annoying. Bummer.
This antenna was installed on the side of my house where the satellite dish used to be. It's about 25 ft off the ground and there are no immediate obstructions on the outward facing side. The antenna works but not very well. Signal strength is less than 20%. Unless you are very close to your transmission source, I would buy something else.
The sound quality is great. Problem is the mic has had problems from day 1. Person on the other end cant hear me and gets constant static. Would not recommend if you plan to ever make phone calls
Sounds good, nice and loud, but the battery goes to hell within 10 months. Used it about 15-20 times, pretty useless for the application I need it for.
These were decent and reliable for the price. The flashing light on the other hand was obnoxiously bright. I use my headphones at night and I had to cover it with electrical tape just to get it to not look like a strobe light was in my room. Even after that it still was bright because light spilled out of other areas on the little plastic part. I used these quite frequently throughout the day and night, every day. So they were heavily used. Lasted a few months before one side stopped working. Not too bad for the price and basically constant use. Wouldn't purchase again because of the light issue.
I loved this thing except it always wanted to fall out. When I watched Netflix or listened to music it was great, but when I made a phone call, the other caller said it was full of static so i wound up returning it back to Amazon. Thinking about getting another and trying it out to see if it still had static.
The clock just goes black sometimes and won't respond to buttons, only unplugging it and plugging it in again works. It's easy to use but cheap. The lightweight feature may work well for transporting it in a suitcase but any tension in the cord tends to pull it right off a nightstand. Not worth it
I always love Bose products, I have different items at home, but this one, I'm very disappointed with lack of quality for the money cord fraying. My most recent purchase was less than 6 months ago, and can't return it. Very expensive and no worth it.
I loved the headphones when I received them at the end of September but as of last week only one side works. I tested other headphones on the same device to make sure it was the headphones not the device. I'm 5 days past the 30 day return so I'm pretty dissatisfied with my purchase
It worked for maybe a month. It stopped charging my iPhone. I jad to take my lighting cord and plug it into the charger for my phone to charge. I would say it really isn't compatible gor iPhone.
Unfortunately the bluetooth is no longer connecting. I want to return or have my money back.
It worked for a while but suddenly I'm getting unsupported accessory error. I don't recommend this item.
The remote had no issues learning the codes from both my Hisense TV and Samsung sound bar. Very easy to program. The major issue with this remote is lack of quality. The battery cover is somewhat loose fitting and has a tendency to slide off when being used. Also a couple of the buttons tend to stick for a few seconds after pressing them. It could just be that the remote I received is defective but it leaves me with a feeling that quality control may not be the best. Your mileage may vary.
was very cheap and cracked when i mounted them
This case was a great place holder before I made a larger/more expensive purchase. I do hate how loose it feels on my iphone xs, but if you're looking for minimal protection and sleek style this one does the job
I use headphones for editing videos for a living. These work great but as you can see they can use some improvement in the quality of the build. Granted they are over 2 years old, but in my opinion should hold up better.
Works intermittently. Sound is poor. You get what you pay for and it most definitely fails Qi charging.
Unfortunately, after a few months, this cable began causing screen distortions and connections difficulties. I would not recommend it.
The neck is too short for screwdriver to reach. The mount is not strong enough to hold the project balance.
great sounds , have problem every time i placed in my ear , they keep unpairing from each other. very annoying.
Sound is great. I can't wait to try it on the mountain however did not come with charging cord. We will have to order it separately.
For a few months, this product was great. It held a charge for a full day of pretty constant use and sound quality was good. Also nice that it connects to two phones. However, after less than three months of use the thing melted! It started to feel hot and then melted. Dangerous, and could have done real damage if it was still in the ear when it started to melt. Because of that I can't give it a higher rating.
We love the Monster Speakers... My husband had a Rockin' Roller 2 and we LOVE it but the handle broke so I wanted to get him an updated version. Bought the Monster Rockin Roller 4, returned it (did not work), then bought then bought him the Monster Rollin Roller 3 and was very happy with it for about 5 months then the battery wouldn't stay charged. So now we can't use it unless close to electric. We still use our 2 and take it everywhere with us.
Brush bristles kept falling off
They do not fit my ears well or have good range. The connection is not consistent on both buds. I would like support to resolve these issues.
The only gripe I have is the cord. It gets tangled and it does not untangle back the way it should. This makes it tough to DJ as the cord gets tight and if you move, there goes your headphones out of your ear. Otherwise the sound and all around material is very solid.
The speakers I purchased for my system are somewhat cool sounding in the mids so I bought this pre-amp to warm them up and give them a more full sound. Taking this little guy out of the box it felt very well built and sturdy considering how small it was. I LOVE the feel of turning the nobs, it gives you a very satisfying click click click as you adjust them. The sound quality out of this didn't significantly change the sound but it's possible I needed to let this thing burn in a little. The treble and bass adjustments worked well and provided a noticeable difference in sound from min to max. Sitting next to my class D amplifier with the cool blue lights on and the gold finish on the nobs looked very cool. Unfortunately when I plugged these in line between my source and my amp and powered it on it gave the speakers a large pulse which made sort of a BOOM sound. When I turned the preamp on and off I kept getting the boom sound which made me feel like it could be sending too large of a signal into my speakers, potentially damaging them. Since I spent good money for high quality speakers I didn't want to run the risk of damaging them with a cheap little pre-amp so I will not be using it anymore.
The screen came folded with many wrinkles. It had a smell that dissipated after a couple days. The card that came with it suggested to soak for 5-10 min in warm water to relieve the wrinkles. I have done that process twice over 3 days and hung it up in between. There are still wrinkles but I decided to use about a dozen clamps to stretch it over my frame prior to stapling so I could see if the wrinkles came out. Most of them did but I still have many horizontal line wrinkles and other star shaped wrinkles from the corners. They don't show up in pictures that well but they can be seen easily from 10' away in normal light. Has anyone been able to get the wrinkles out?
The charger works, it just doesn't rapid charge my Moto Z3.
I wanted to like these! But I just sent these back to Amazon after the left channel starting emitting a soft crackling sound that I could hear over even Star Wars music! The reason I did not get them replaced with another pair was because the right cup is a capacitive surface you use to play, pause, skip tracks, and turn up and down the volume and every time I pulled them off my head, I found myself doing all of those things. Also switching from one iOS device to another was very cumbersome. It made me miss the ease of switching devices with my AirPods.
Only picks up about 1/2 the local channel.
Did not work on my car remote. It was the exact replacement but somehow did not work.
In less than 2 months the left earpiece is not working, as in won't "boot up". I have reset to factory default, tested on 2 of my devices so not originating from there. Really really poor for Sennheiser, WHO I have been buying from since 1980
If you are looking for a case with a magnetic plate, this is not it. Magnet is weak and will not hold your phone up. But the case itself is cute.
These headphones only lasted my daughter about 5 months until the sound no longer goes through the headphones. She barely used them and only used them plugged into her tablet to listen to YouTube videos. There was no wear and tear to them.
I been use this kind of connectors for more than 6 years, but this connector doesn't have good quality, when you screw the cable all the way, the white connector end comes out
its the second one I purchased this year and they both jump tracks on the cd, radios ok but not a good quality machine
The directions for programing this remote isn't easy to understand. I still haven't figured out how to sync my Netflix remote. Which was the reason I chose this one over the others. Dissatisfied customer that is very disappointed.
the cover on side broke off
Kind of a crappy unit....sound is poor.
It will mirror your screen but does not work for either Netflix or HBOgo.
Bottom line - I returned this product within 24 hours of receiving it. They were going to be a gift, but since they arrived late I thought maybe I would keep them for myself...until I tried them out. So glad I didn't gift them to someone else! I chose this headset because of all the 5 star reviews. Now I wonder if all the positive 5 star reviews are from employees or friends of employees. I liked the size and style of the headset, but it felt a little cheap and the ear cups twisted and turned freely when holding it. There was no stability to the headset. Without the noise cancelling enabled, the sound was only okay. Definitely not the "deep bass" that was advertised. I would call it 'No bass'. Music sounds better on my $15 pair. When I enabled the noise cancelling feature it sounded like I was listening in a tin can. After about 5 minutes of watching a movie, the sound and lip movements were out of sync. Ultimately, it was the sound quality that made me return these. Poor sound quality. No bass. Disappointed. Returned.
Worked great - more comfortable than the OEM piece. However, the plastic broke way too easily when it holds inside speaker.
It was ok but when I received it the box cover was scratched
Purchased this for our grandsons birthday. We gave it to him today. When opened the front left bottom corner of the cabinet is damaged and the CD player does not work. It will not even open.
The sound doesnt match up with the movement of the mouths.
I bought this so I could play my gamecube on my monitor, for nostalgia sake. Set up was really easy, but when I got to playing a game (Gotcha Force), it would sometimes bug out at the bottom of the screen when there was to much happening. It would of course go back to normal, but it would do it Everytime I was fighting. Also skipped frames, and lagged for some apparent reason.
I've had it for about two months and the screen doesn't light up blue anymore. It still charges batteries but now it's hard to see the screen unless you're in the right lighting.
Looked great, cool projection. The display started failing a month after purchase. No visual display at 6 weeks. No return window.... really?
Sound quality is acceptable, but battery life is nothing near what's stated. They only last about two hours (after a 52 hour charge). They also switch modes on their own. I'll be listening and suddenly one of them will announce it's changing its operating mode. You might end up with just the left bud continuing to work, or they might both stop playing. Very disappointed after having read the other reviews; but the old adage is you get what you pay for. (I WISH REVIEWERS WOULD USE PRODUCTS FOR A FEW DAYS BEFORE WRITING REVIEWS.)
CAN GET SAME CHANNELS WITH THE RABBIT EARS !!!
Why is my tracker taking so long to charge ?
Aside from these fitting well in my ears, I do not like these. The sound is bad - I have to turn my phone all the way up just to hear. They cut in and out so much that I don't even bother using them anymore and have already purchased another wireless earbuds set from another company.
Changing my review! Worked great for the first three months then all sudden no longer works!!! Very disappointed!
This item does not perform as described. Hard to connect to bluetooth and the sound is bad. After 10 to 15 minutes playing sometimes its fidelity improves.
As other reviewers mentioned, silicon/rubber coating on the ends of the neck piece started to detach and bulge approximately 6 moths after the purchase. Then, a few days ago, one of the ears stopped producing sound. This is after a year and a half of use. Not OK for a $300 headphones. Will submit a warranty claim to return/replace. Otherwise the sound quality is good, noise cancelling is OK for white noise (very good for the airplane), but very poor for human speech, and other higher frequency noise.
Stars off because it was shipped to me in the retail package so I feel like the door for theft was wide open.
Multiple cracks and the magnets keep falling out.
Got this as a gift. One speaker was busted And the other "working" speaker was so quiet. EDIT: Changed 3 stars to 2. It was fine when the next time I plugged it in, the speakers worked, but the next time they stopped working halfway. Turns out the sound I heard the first time was just the needle and record. The speakers seemed to work when I pushed and created pressure on top of the player (like on the right side on the flat plastic around the volume dial and other switches) but they no longer produce sound on there own.
Was working great but then it stopped working within two months :(
It all started out fine and good. We had zero issues, and aren't super into sound, so we were happy with the upgrade from out TV speakers. A week later, the voice audio started phasing out. I tried every single different kind of connection to no avail. I don't recommend.
Barely 100 hours of use and the batter can no longer hold a charge for more than a couple hours or so. It'll be a paper weight soon.
Nice looking small radio, but it does not compare to the Grundig that is no longer available.
I purchased this battery June 16, 2018. On December 4, 2018, it stopped working. So, I got six months out of my purchase. I am disappointed that I have to purchase another so soon.
Pairing and stuff was ok, the button is horribly big, it's like a pinky finger on my neck, also it's not in the middle like in the picture. Sound quality : terrible
The ear pieces dont stay in the right spot and it slides down on his forehead all the time.
Worked well until yesterday. One headphone no longer works.
Easy setup but difficult to use after that. Won't stay connected to WiFi if the light is off for 30 minutes, even with continuous power to the lamp. Will turn on and off in the native app but Alexa sometimes say bulbs are offline. Other than that, they were decent bulbs, good colors. Not a fan of the bright white and no soft white option unless you really play with it, and then Alexa won't let you use the saved scene for that color setting. I exchanged them for a pack of Sengled color bulbs instead.
Works ok, not as good as Tile. Battery was low when it arrived.
ModMic is decent quality, but my main annoyance that I was hoping wouldn't be a big deal was the two cords and the magnetic attachment. The magnet connection is weak, and the mic gets knocked loose constantly. I'm also a bit let down there is almost no actual movement for the mic in terms of the length of it, its hard to get it positioned in the right spot angled towards your mouth while also being comfortably out of your vision and out of mind. Any sort of adjusting, of course, knocks it out of the magnet connection and leaves it frustrating. It sounds good, the idea is good, but functionally there are some annoyances that makes me opt for my older headset that I was hoping to retire.
Not much bass. Instructions are not clear.
Bass is non-existent. Don't believe the reviews....
It works as a bare minimum, but if you're trying to use it with something like a Roku, the button config is hella sucky. My primary complaint is with the center buttons in between the channel and volume buttons. Crammed into that little circle is the directional pad and the enter key in the very center. Unless you have child thumbs, it's very difficult to accurately press those little guys. Then again, for a 7 buck remote, the fact that it controls a generic LCD TV and older Roku at all is pretty impressive.
The remote arrived promptly. However, all of its functions don't work. Primarily, it is incapable of adjusting the volume on my Vizio tv. Very disappointing.
the earbuds inside the case constantly lose contact and stop charging. W/out being touched. I can never get these things charged to listen to them for more that 30 minutes. This is the biggest failure of a product I have ever purchased on Amazon.
Not sure if I got a dud but I need to be within 2 yards of the TV and aim it perfectly at the receiver in order to change a channel or the volume.
Not sure how they came to the conclusion of "laptop compartment" of being 17" X 12.5" X 2.5" because that doesn't work for rectangular laptops - width goes down to under 11" near the top of the 17", so unless your laptop is missing corners or significantly smaller than 17", it won't fit inside the laptop compartment Also came with annoying plastic covering the logos on the straps which was sewn into the straps, making it a PITA to remove. Would NOT recommend - if you need at 17" laptop bag, get something else, and if you don't need a 17" laptop bag, also get something else
This head set was on the heavy side it did not have the speak and it dialed feature.
The old design was much, much better. These feel bulky and the sound quality is not as good. But my biggest concern is the fact that sweat gets into the very easily and renders them completely useless. These might be ok if you're just laying on your bed listening to music, but if you're a serious athlete, don't bother.
Works perfectly until after 3 weeks of continuous use. It would trip out multiple times drawing 1200 watts and had to be reset. Very unreliable considering the rating on this thing is 1800 Watts.
This was a gift and embarrassingly the vibrate function and the actual alarm quit working within a couple of months.
My batteries came damaged, one was repackaged by UPS. The boxes were super weak and has a small bit of foam as "protection" (think 1/4 inch of the crappiest styrofoam you can imagine). I would have expected much more, instead of receiving damaged batteries with subpar packaging. Customer support also took a few days to reply.
This isn't what I ordered and I paid extra for the cover with a front flap. It's huge and fits like a lawn bag 😡
Exercising...Broke in less than 3 weeks..I have returned for refund.
The tools that come with the battery are shit. As I was using it to unscrew the bolts it on the back of my laptop it started to chip away and losing its shape. It won't even screw anymore. The battery isn't working and I can't open my laptop to check it out cause the freaking tools don't work!
This little amp has the potential to be one of the best under $100. There was significant audible interference in the bluetooth, and it made this amp impossible to listen to. The RCA input seemed to work fine. Also, the bass adjustment only adjusts subwoofer frequencies. Work on upgrading the bluetooth and fine-tuning the frequency adjustments, and this amp will be a champion. Returned.
Great sound quality. The battery goes down pretty quickly and now (I have had them a few months now) They just don't turn off anymore and I cannot use them individually.
Looks kind of cheap. Not happy. But it's functional. Would not buy again or recommend.
Very upset the power button is stuck in all the keeps telling me it's power on power on power on even when it's charging it's been six months I hope somebody contact me back in the meantime I'm going to order another pair but I'd love to get a credit
Product is way smaller than anticipated or picture leads you to believe. I am disappointed.
The sound quality is not great. Even at low volume, there is a sort of cracking. Tested my phone out with my friend's headphones & his worked fine so I know it must be these headphones
I like a big sound. These fall way short of that. With my phone volume all the way up their still not loud enough. No bass and treble is pushed.
This, in theory, is a great remote. When it works, it works well and is super convenient. However, it's insanely frustrating when it doesn't work. Every so often, it's completely unresponsive. Happens at random times without any rhyme or reason. Using it to control my Dish Hopper and Apple TV, sometimes the buttons do absolutely nothing. To the point where I have to grab the original remotes for each device to control them. If I wasn't outside my return window at this point, I'd 100% send it back. Like I said, when it works, it's a really great remote. I just wish it worked more often.
They worked great for two weeks
I tried multiple times following the user manual. The blue tooth does not work.
Too much wiggle room in the lightning connector. The phones charging is inconsistent. Disappointed as my other anker products work great.
Real Terrible.. would not recommend. never worked properly for my purpose which was just output Laptop to RCA into a video mixer and what a pain... I did have one signal work, but it came out super distorted quality with it never syncing right and a rainbow strobe flash overlay. was not anywhere near except-able quality .
Doesn't last long after being charged.
I received this 2DS XL grip and was very excited to use it, but I as soon as I placed my system in the corner of the tab that holds the left side of the system broke off. I TRIED to be very careful since I read that some people had trouble with tabs breaking. Now if I tilt the system and grip on its right side then it completely falls out without any resistance. I play mostly laying on my side so I'm very bummed about the grip not holding my system in at all angles. I haven't used the case for the top of the system because I'm not sure what I want to do with this purchase. Since it's only $13 I'm not even sure if returning it would be worth it after paying to ship it back for the return, but it looks like it would be a decent case to protect the top of the system if you have nothing else. As far as the stylus goes, I actually used a mechanical pencil to pry the stylus out because I read the other reviews regarding the stylus being hard to get out. After you get the stylus out the first time it comes out without an issue (it might be connected by plastic before you break the seal inside? I'm not sure, but now it is very easy to get out, but still locks into place so it won't randomly fall out of the bottom). The stylus is exactly the same size and length of the stylus in the 2ds xl (I tried putting the stylus from the grip into the system and it fit perfectly). The stand on this works fine and feels sturdy. I don't think it would break easily. The overall feel of the grip is okay. It honestly feels like it's a bit lacking, I would probably go for the older version if I buy another grip because I noticed that one is larger.. If I were to buy another grip to replace this broken one, I probably will buy a different kind.
The sound is pretty good for it's size. But it doesn't have any native way to stream you computer audio. For this price you would expect to work normally with a computer. Or to have a Bluetooth option too. Only with a 3rd party software you can stream audio from your computer but with a huge downside which is video/audio not synch correctly. You will see the image first then hear the audio with a delay. This is disappointing. Sonos should have a native option to stream PC audio.
I was difficult for me to connect speakers wires and the connections were not always tight and solid.
Ordered this cable to extend a USB-C docking station. While the cable carried the video signal without issue, it did not carry the USB data signals that the docking station had (e.g. keyboard, mouse). I tried using this on a Dell Windows 10 tablet trying to extend the cable for the docking station as well as an Apple MacBook 12" to try to extend the Apple docking plug (USB-C, USB and HDMI). In both cases, I couldn't get any USB peripheral plugged into the respective dock to work (e.g. keyboard and mouse on the Dell dock, wired keyboard on the MacBook). I also tried a completely separate cable and it also failed. So, moral of the story is to very carefully check descriptions and reviews to see if others have successfully gotten USB peripherals working with these extension cables.
At first the headphones were working fine and one minute they worked and the next not working.
They don't hold up well, but we keep buying them because the Bose brand don't hold up any better. We buy one every 3-4 months. They're cheap enough so it doesn't bother us too much, just beware you will have to replace them again. We haven't found a better alternative, till we do we'll just keep buying these.
Daughter likes them but very cheaply made
Used as an A/B switch between the output of my computer and an Amazon Dot to my office stereo system, it introduces a low level hum. None of the associated cables comes near any power cords so it isn't the typical 60 Hz hum. The switch itself is quite noisy. It also generates a giant pop if you don't mute the stereo amplifier when you switch between sources.
Does not connect to my xbox1. And very staticky.
Have had this for a few months now and I think that the amp inside of it is bad. At full volume I'm only able to have the sub power knob barely at a quarter. Otherwise the sub will not work. You honestly get what you pay for, if you want a little thump but nothing special and want to waste a hundred bucks buy this.
I like the shape, size, clip, and sound, but the goofy controls drive me crazy. I should not have to read through the Q&A on Amazon to understand how to use it, When you want to fast forward trhe controls sometimes lock, it does not save your place when listening to a podcast. I would ot recommend this product.
Did not work as described.
After 7 months, won't hold a charge at all. At 8 months dead. Do not recommend
I bought this product being extremely excited becuase the new apple update makes it impossible to charge and listen to music at the same time. I had this product for about two months and it completely stopped working. It would continously say that accessory was not supported. :/ Really wish it worked.
All the if these stopped working within the week. Bought a mini-usb-to-usb-c adapter and attached it to a mini USB charger. Works great. Have gone through 10 usb-c chargers, they all quit working with the week. Need to fix some sort of flaw. All were different brands.
These sound great but were never really comfortable to wear. The multifunction button press caused the bud to press against my ear causing discomfort. The charging case was awesome and the automatic pairing feature when you remove them from the case was really nice, but after about 2 weeks they stopped pairing to each other and no matter what I tried it didn't work, so I returned them.
I work four days a week. This alarm clock works great usually three out of four of those days. When it does go off, this thing will definitely wake you up. However, it will randomly not sound the alarm about once a week. At first I thought perhaps I had somehow been sleeping through the noise and vibration, but it is now clear that the clocks alarm is simply not engaging. Unfortunately this has caused me to be late several times now, and the "my alarm did not go off" excuse is wearing thin. I will pursue a return if still possible as an alarm that works 75% of the time won't cut it.
Doesn't fit very well on an iPad. Constantly slipping off
not easy to get them on and off.... you cannot charge with these protectors on...
I was expecting it to feel and look like a cell phone cover instead it is to big the remote can easily pop out. Pretty much a waste of money. It is to thin and the remote fell the first day and it already broke on the corner. The whole point I order it was to protect it but didn't really do anything u less you consider keep the back cover on. I would give it one star but it did arrive on time so it gets at least two stars. I could have done a better job using hot glue gun and making a diy remote cover. Again it very cheap,thin,big and bend easy.
The tape wasn't strong enough, I had to waste several tapes before I got it to stick
One side of the headphones stopped working after the 2nd use. They connected great and are convenient, but like I said, only one side works now.
It was fine up until now. Now it will only charge if the phone is sitting horizontally. Poor execution
I work in a call center and used this product about 8 hours a day. They are in fact a comfortable headset with decent sound quality and I really enjoyed them... while they lasted. The first picture is what happened to my original headset. The audio jack somehow got bent and I reached out to the seller who was more than happy to send me another pair. The second picture is of the second pair, that did not even last a week. I am extremely frustrated and I was able to obtain a refund from the seller and I will be using that money to buy better quality headphones that will actually last longer than a month.
Unfortunately it's rubbery material and everything sticks to it especially cat hair :-(
broke within 2 weeks
The part that is supposed to sit around your ear gets misshapen really easily.
Not sure if it is me or not. But the battery life on my pair lasts 5 hours. I constantly have to recharge these. So I use them sparingly. Otherwise they are convenient and fairly comfy. Sound quality is acceptable.
The batteries didn't last that long under light usage.
Was not consistent in detecting motion. Returned for a replacement and had same problems with replacement. It was also returned for a refund.
Volume is not as loud as I want it. Sometimes the bluetooth will cut out really bad for a couple of minutes than I have to reset them. When they work they work good. When they don't work they suck.
I originally gave 5 stars but I had to retract that because the left earbud stopped recharging and pairing them became tricky.
I have tested several other less expensive options for wireless ear buds and found them lacking. I moved to a more expensive product, hoping it would perform far and away better than the less expensive brands I tried - particularly based on the number of positive reviews from others. My primary use will be running/gym, and several other reviews indicated these were great for exercising. My experience, however, was far from positive. Here's why: - I have normal-sized ears; yet, the fit is very tight, with the earbud set deep into the ear canal (even with smaller ear tips). The earbuds stay in and block outside noise, but it is borderline painful keeping them in - When running, the music cuts out with each step. It's not a defect of the electronics, per se; rather when earbuds are dug this deeply into your ear canal, you're going to hear a "thud" every time you take a step, no matter the product - The sound quality was hailed as amazing. I found the quality marginal, at best. There wasn't much bass as others claimed, and the high end was desperately lacking. No crispness, whatsoever. - As others mentioned, the case is not at all ergonomically designed. It is very difficult to open the case without accidentally dropping/tossing the entire case. I fear the case will be destroyed in no time with several drops. - While I appreciate the ability to accomplish several tasks with just one multi-function button on each ear (i.e., skip forward/back, volume, etc.) you must push the button hard, which shoves them deeper into your ear, making for a more uncomfortable fit. So, I am still in search of a decent pair of wireless earbuds that will allow me to run at the gym or outside that a) won't fall out, b) will fit comfortably, and c) provides decent sound. The only product that has ever performed well is the LG Tone - which, I wanted to avoid because of the neck bands - but, I may consider moving back to a Tone-type headset, simply because no other wireless earbud has come close to offering the same comfort and sound quality. The search for a quality pair of earbuds continues!
My wife bought these earbuds for her use. She really liked the feel and comfort of them, but, after charging them until blue light became solid, indicating fully charged, and pairing them to her iPhone 6, she couldn't get them to work unless they were still connected to the charger. Two other adults and ONE TEEN could not get them to work either. She is returning them.
Stopped working in a week...
Cameras are fairly decent. Picture quality is good when you can see it. Only issues are you can't turn infrared off so it makes it show the reflection of the camera if it's mounted on a window. Secondly, the wire they provide you with is way too short compared to others I've seen! There are better products on the market for a few bucks more I would suggest trying those first. Overall, needs some major improvements!
In less than one year, the left channel is no longer working. The speaker is not active at all. The right channel works as always. USB cable not the issue. Worst is that I can find no support to submit a warranty claim.
Not the best at output must be barely touching each other's terminals to actually work
Would only pair with one of our phones and the tv. Would not pair with any of our tables. Very disappointed.
Very hard to insert and remove the battery. Not very good indicator lights. I guess you get what you pay for. I would not recommend buying it.
It stopped working after a few months
Had this for about 7 months. Around 4-5 months it stopped charging all together and will only work if it is left on the charger. Even being on the charger for 24 hours, when you take it off.... It won't turn on. Won't hold a charge at all.
Stopped working after using a couple times
This Smart Plug isn't smart enough to stay connected to the network. It frequently loses connection, making it necessary to go through an elaborate procedure to re-establish the connection with the same plugs. I am throwing these dumb plugs out.
I've had this for just over a year and it worked great. Yesterday, it just stopped working. I can switch between connections but nothing shows up on the TV. I tried unplugging and redoing, but still the same problem.
Worked well for about 3 months then the lightning port became loose and now it's useless.
First lamp and a second warranted replacement both very dim and much dimmer than lamps bought from other vendors. I don't know how wattages compare, but these lamps do not seem to cut it. Vendor good --- product not good. I may try for a third lamp, or I may just give up and go with a different vendor.
I received my headphones yesterday. They have great sound - I can hear the calls very clearly. The only issue is that the left headphone echos when talking to someone. I have contacted the seller and I am in the process of returning the head phones.
My daughter dropped them once and they broke apart
Sometimes it does not recognize my iPhone and I have to unplug and replug. I have that same problem with my earphones.
They do not get my iPhone 8 good
Bought this for a trip to Peru Didn't realize it doesn't work for blow dryers or curling irons. Not sure what else you would use it for as cell phone chargers convert automatically and therefore don't need a converter. They simply work with adapters. So if you're looking for a true converter, this is not it.
Dislike: little to change in reception.
This i a great concept however when charging my watch it gets so hot I am sure it would suffer damage if I left it on the charger. The phone charges ok and the air buds seem fine but don't buy this for your watch. EVER
Unfortunately, the left one stopped working the second time I used em. I had to return them.
Received defective product, there is static on voice calls. Wrote to seller requesting support through advertised AFTER-SALES GUARANTEE. Never heard back, wish seller stood behind their product and guarantee. As noted by some other reviewers, the wire is a bit flimsy. I've had it a few months and am very gentle with it. It will serve purpose of listening to podcasts in the car, but cannot use it for voice calls. Would not have bought if I knew it wouldn't work as advertised.
I bought these cables so I wouldn't have to change my HDMI cables anytime soon. I'm only getting 1080p output from these cables its a shame. The cables are connected per the included instructions.
Bought this for dad who is too old to be 'today' savvy.What a disappointment! Opened the package and the CD player did not work. Changed batteries, even battery brand, nope, didn't help. The negative posts I read were all true. I should have listened to others.
It works intermittently. Some days, every button press does what it's supposed to, and it's glorious. Most days, it requires about 15 button presses to turn on the TV, to change HDMI, or to change the volume. Each time, you have to move the remote just a little bit, trying to find that sweet spot of connectivity that allows the signal to be received. This is the case on both my TV and my Roku, with other remotes having no problem sending and receiving signal. I tried dealing with the problems for too long, and missed the return window.
It came as spected but doesnt work on beats studio 3 waste of money
Doesn't fast charge. The c connection works for my iPhone pro max block but it isn't near as fast as the normal cord.
It only took 2 weeks until one earphone stopped working.
The tripod itself was stable but the attachment wouldn't screw in all the way so it was shaky when held. When you placed it on a table to level and stabilize the angle would change and be slightly off.
Did not power off at all and power light did not function
This camera has good quality for daylight. The Night vision which I was expect as main feature is not there. Its horrible, I can barely see the object. There is reflection shadow coming from the IR reflected to the dome glass during the night.
Lasted 6 months and one of the ear buds stopped working. You get what you pay for.
I cannot figure out how to adjust the current time (minute, hour). The instructions do not explain it all properly
We got none of the channels it leads you to believe you will get plus we lost some oddly. It did give a nice picture.
Cord stopped working after the first day. Hope I could get a replacement that works.
USB - C power is weak. Cannot charge laptop (tried a few). I understand it is not a full fledged laptop charger but it is really low power. You can not rely on it to keep your laptop somewhat charged when traveling. My idea was to use this as dual charger for phone and laptop when travelling light but this is no more then a phone charger. Skip
I haven't been able to get this to work with an optical connection to my Samsung tv. That being said, I'm not sure if it's the TV or the sound bar causing that problem. I've been using it with bluetooth, and the sound is underwhelming. There is either not enough bass, distorted sound, or too quiet. Those seem to be the only options. With a bluetooth connection, the sound is honestly no different from my original tv speakers so I stopped using the sound bar after about a day.
Worked fine for about 2 weeks the most
Camera stops recording after a couple of weeks and has to be unplugged to be reset, very annoying and seller was no help. It says "Devise not inserted to sd card"
Good sound! But the righ side Brooke too soon! Feeling disappointed I spend more money this time thinking it would last longer WRONG!
Terrible sound quality. One of them didn't work a family party.
This adapter worked great for a couple of months then quit working all together
Ok it works, but in intervals. It frequently disconnects. I got 3 and all of them do this, plus they all have little bugs, like 1 goes full left if you barely touch the control stick (like I don't even move the stick yet it registers as full left). I would recommend something else, probably something wired. The cords are annoying sure, but at least they will let you play the game without disconnects
Like others, I think the reviews are fake. Do not contact me with a "refund for delete" offer. These sound way too bad to use for anything but phone calls. I have various sets of headphones but wanted something cheap to use while cleaning out my basement. Figured if I lost one in the dumpster then it wasn't a big deal but I can't use these for music as there's is absolutely zero treble. It's almost like the drivers were installed backward since treble is directional and none of it hits the eardrum. It's all a muddy mess of midrange and a little bass . . . which actually makes them decent for phone call use. My wife said I did sound good so the mic must be decent. I gave it one star for sound and another for the wireless charging cradle, which seems to work fine. For the record, I've made my living as an audio editor, in radio, for over 15 years and know what good sound is.
The cable began to fray really quickly; the wiring broke within 3 months. I kept the cable plugged into the wall all the time, so there was no turbulence or anything brushing up against it, it was just a poorly made product. UPDATE: The company offered to send me a new product (yay!) but was incredibly pushy the whole time about me updating my review. They messaged me four different times asking me to update it; I responded I would be happy to once I received a working product that I could honestly review. They messaged me again mere hours after my package was delivered with my address and the precise time, to the minute, the cable was delivered (creepy) asking me again to update the review. They did not question if the new cable was working or ask if I was happy with it. It seems this company cares more about getting five stars than leaving their customers satisfied.
I used to charge my phone on the device for a couple months, and then the usb lights started to flash green and they do not work anymore. Needless to say its very annoying to see the lights flashing constantly at my desk, so I just turned it off. Would like to contact seller but unsure how.
Everything about these earbuds was ok except they would not stay in my ears - they constantly fell out and the other pads were larger. So I gave them to my son and he had the same problem, so he gave them to his brother and he has the same problem, so they are useless for us. I have never had that problem with another set of earbuds.
its ok, wasnt happy with the 3.0 not fast charging but i can take the hit.
Hate. I've never had earbuds that hurt to wear lying down. I gave two stars because technically they have good sound but I can't wear them.
This is a solid speaker if you can get over a couple of major flaws. 1. The speaker goes into a sleep mode after a few minutes and needs to be manually powered on again. Not a deal breaker though. 2. Notice there is no on button at the button at the top with the other buttons. To bring it back from sleep mode, you need reach into the rear of the speaker and slide (not press) a small switch off then back on again. I am really surprised no one has mentioned this in any of the reviews. Makes me wonder if all the reviews are valid.
I purchased the 35' cable to run through my attic from my AV cabinet to my TV. I had the cable plugged into an HDMI switch then the switch to all my sources in my cabinet. The signal traveling through the cable was not strong enough to split to all my sources through the switch, thus giving me a "no signal" message on my TV. I was forced to purchase a higher quality cable for my project.
Cannot see in the dark, otherwise its perfect.
Must point directly at the Roku device. Have to push the button a few times for the command to go through.
I liked the quality of the sound. They were good for occasional listening, but have died after 4 months of usage.
EXCELLENT BUT INCONSISTENT. I bought two. One of them works really great and I'm still using it daily. It's discreet and has excellent audio. The other one, not so much. Sometimes it cuts out and stutter. It's a shame that I have to give this product a 2 star, since I really like the earbud itself.
This did not charge my laptop and the insert piece broke about 10 minutes after i bought it because i dropped it ): Cannot return now. Although i cannot say for sure if the product didnt work or if there may have been something wrong with my laptop. I wish the insert piece was not so flimsy
Very confusing part numbers to find these older Apple power suppliers with Lightning connector. Wound up ordering two different units. Neither fit. Returned both. Ultimately had to go to Apple Store and pay full price to get the right one.
Good for music, but BAD for calls and audio msgs 👎🏼
I ordered this iPad cover for the design but as you can see from the picture it has not held up well. This cover is less then a year old.
Battery worked fantastic, until it didn't. The power button randomly fell off and now it is useless. Owned it for around 3 months.
Use them for computer gaming and watching videos on laptop. Sound quality is decent. They hold up to drops and child use very well. Unfortunately, these are the most uncomfortable headphones. My hat size is medium, but these headphones on the maximum size setting squeeze my ears in a weird way and they hurt after 15min of use. I regret buying these.
The case itself is functional enough, but it smells like a chemical burn. The smell rubs off on everything it touches, including solid surfaces! My table smells now, too. I spent the last 40 minutes scrubbing it by hand with hot water and dish soap, and it still stinks. It doesn't rub off on other objects now, though. I'm going to douse it in white vinegar next to see if the putrid smell subsides. Maybe leaving it in a bag with baking soda for a week will help...I don't know. I've never smelled anything this bad. The case itself is functional, and the screen protector was a breeze, so there's that I guess? If you need a screen protector and a case, and don't mind scrubbing and de-stinking your product, buy this I guess.
I hoped these would work better for me... they fall out of my ears when trying to work out at my gym.
These have decent build and sound quality for the price, but the firmware is very frustrating. They shut down after only a couple minutes of no sound, so pausing and having a short conversation often results in having to restart them. I suspect this is an attempt to improve battery life. The worst thing is that they have a "soft start" filter built in, and they cut out once they lose a steady stream of input, so they get hung up if you're switching between apps. It's hard to explain, but trust me that they're infuriating at times because they just won't play the damn sound. Get rid of the stupid filters and make the standby time longer and these would be 4-5 star. As they are I would not buy again.
It was supposed to work anywhere in the world? We traveled to Dubai and as soon as I was in our hotel room we tried to use the adapter and it did not have the correct port for there wall plugs!
I really thought I found a bargain, but oh, was I mistaken. First off, I had to paint the lettering and symbols on the interface so that I could see them in my truck. No big deal, just customization. The sound quality left something to be desired, but I was using it to listen to podcasts, I had to charge it every couple of days. Longer battery life would be nice, but not a killer. I have a work phone and a personal phone I use during the day, so I connected both , so I could use them hands free. It does not toggle between them seamlessly or intuitively. I ended up keeping only one of them connected at a time. Also, one speaker blew out inside of 2 weeks of use. Mind you, I use it for podcasts and hands free calling only. I need a new Bluetooth speaker and will not be purchasing this one again. Price point vs quality/durability is poor. I've spent less on a better sounding, longer lasting speaker. Choose wisely.
At first these headphones were great. After about 2 months of use, we now need to use them as wired headphones because they will not take a charge anymore.
Wasn't what I expected, material really thin and the speakers keep shifting in the headband, it doesn't stay aligned with the ears.
After 1 year with minimal usage, one earphone stopped working. I called, completed an online warranty claim, and after several days sent a personal email to follow up with my order number and personal information. I have had no follow-up to date- almost 2 weeks later.
WE HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING BUT CANNOT GET IT OPEN!!! DELIVERY WAS EXCELLENT.
Won't stay plugged in my phone and constantly slipping out. Don't have this issue with my other cords, only this brand.
it operates fine but wont fit an iPhone with an otterbox, which makes the phone unprotected
Uncomfortable fit. Ear piece too small and tension of head set presses on ear. Wouldn't buy again.
I've been using it for normal usage around the house for a year and a half ( no major emergencies here, thank goodness). GOOD: If you really have to, you can crank it and recharge the battery. It has weather bands. It takes 2 kinds of batteries (the built in special battery pack and AAA batteries). BAD: If you are using it for a regular radio, it goes dead FAST! Both batteries will be dead within a few hours unless you have it at low volume. It does not have save favorite stations. You have to turn and turn the knob to find them each time. Also, (very annoying) you can't hear if you hit a station unless you turn it one click and stop and listen.It mutes when turning the knob!. So, unless you know the exact station number, it takes forever to search for a station. Oh, also, when you pick it up you will hit the flashlight button on the top corner and accidentally turn on the flashlight. You will not notice it during the day and your battery will be dead. The built in battery is so small, I can't see it charging your phone. USB battery packs are much better for this. I want to like it but they COULD have made it so much better. They could have used much bigger rechargeable battery, a type that is commonly available, not a special battery pack that you have to get from them or a battery supplier. They could have designed it for much more disposable battery capacity (say 2 or even 4 D cells). It would be so much better if it saved your favorite stations. It's designed so well in some regards but falls so short in the ones that really matter. Maybe a speaker with better sound quality (radio voices sound muddy)? Ditch the clever handle design and make the whole thing bigger and more practical.
When it worked, it worked well, but after a year or so it finally died after a short.
I have recently purchased this system and I am using two sensors. These sensors are garbage and they consistently fail to even notice a full-size truck passing by them. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
The part where you charge it broke after 2 weeks and I had to remove my phone completely in order for it to actually charge. The case is very hard to get off, as well
It gets disconnected all the time on its own.
I am sure these batteries are fine but my package only contained 8 of them. Because of the application they are intended for I have to buy more before I can proceed.
To be honest with all the advertising I thought the antenna was the best. I try this in different places. Windows like they recommend. But most of the channels were tv sales, religious. My local channels only 2 of the regular missing all the important channels for me. I'm returning the antenna.
Hard to use, cheaply made. Spring for something better quality.
Has zero screen protection so it's not 360 protection. It'll just sit here because it won't allow another faceplate or cover to fit it. Not risking my screen for a case that's the opposite of what it's supposed to do. Didn't even come with film protection, nada just a heads up. The pictures make you think it's got front end protection but the entire front is exposed. 180 protection.
The battery life on this blows! The sound is average. Really disappointed with the battery life. Spend the extra 40 and get jbl or beats speaker.
Didn't last long broke shorty after having it
I have had these for almost a year. I absolutely loved them up till a month ago. The charging case will only hold a charge to charge the ear buds once each. It just go at least a week but now it has to constantly be plugged in to charge the ear buds. Kinda defeats the purpose of being wireless charger.
Bracket is rickety, and mast blew over easily. Needed to be reinforced with two by fours. Or, you can just make your own bracket with two by fours and not buy this.
Doesn't work with windows pc
They won't stay in my ears. I tried all three sizes of rubber ear plugs that come with it. None stayed in. If you are moving or working out, these are a bad choice in my opinion.
Radio fell apart after three weeks use. Also, eats batteries. Not a good investment.
Very poor sound quality and amplification. It is being returned.
The low lite is still way too bright unless you expect it to perform as a night light. We finally turned it around (making it useless as a clock) and eventually took it out of the room. It's too late for a return as the packaging is ruined when it's unpacked.
The remote is horrible. It needs to be pointed almost directly at the box to work. As a result I have only been using this for game systems that I switch between rarely, and pushing the buttons on the box itself to switch. PIP shows black boxes if nothing is connected. Can't move the boxes around, they're also smaller than expected. The feature is nearly useless Also, this may not be a defect with the product, but my LG tv doesn't recognize it as an active input. It works as long as I manually switch to that input, but it seems weird to me that this happens at all.
I am not too thrilled with the battery life. I use the headphones during work and have to take a hour out of listening to recharge the battery. Nice sound from the headphones, just wish battery life was longer.
only the USB plugs worked which is only half the reason I got this...
Typical case, looks decent. Comes with a screen protector which was the reason we got it. Wrong model of screen protector for phone, cutting is wrong. Cheap, but you get what you pay for.... Crappy detail to orders..
Pretty good battery case however it works for slow charge no fast charging.
Not the best iPad cover out there. Feels like it is made from cardboard and flimsy.
Product very difficult to operate
Product is fine. It was the length of time it took to receive it. I waited weeks to get this product.
The suction cup will not stay affixed to the wall. We tried it on shiny tile and then on matte finish ad it fell from both shower walls. It was a graduation gift for my grandson and while I wanted to return it because it was rather pricey for $40.00 he has chosen to keep it because of the bue tooth function for music. I'm not real happy about the item and would not recommend it for purchase.
this one is good if your poor. battery was not as good as stated; after about 3 months it went down to 80 minutes per full charge. after one year it crashed and could not be fixed/updated with online tools. i would say skip the hassle and save up for a brand name like Sony.
Bought this months ago. From day one it would skip. I tried brand new CD s and it still would skip. To nake sure I played the CD s on another player and they worked. It seems to skip more the longer it plays. Doesn't skip every song but it happens alot.
The first time I opened the package the cover had a ripped corner or I should say a corner that was not sealed.
Magnetic connections fail soon after using it. Lasted 4 weeks
This product sometimes works with my phone and sometimes doesn't work..
I was having trouble playing HBO Now videos and I couldn't figure out why. I tried to troubleshoot for weeks without any success until I tried a different regular HDMI cable and everything was fixed. I didn't even know what HDCP was before I realized this cable was not compliant.
First one I received broke within a few days. The replacement still working but the app deserves a negative rating. It just crashes. You can't set up your watch because of how Fuckin terrible the app is. Can't re return it so I'm stuck with a wristband pedometer. Piece of Shit!
Only one of the earbuds worked and you need to stay very close to the phone. Move away and it starts to crackle.
As far as the sound quality and noise cancellation, they're very good headphones. They also fit very comfortably if you want to use them for extended periods. Battery life is great, they go for many uses without having to recharge. But I only give them two stars because the build quality is poor. I purchased them only a year ago, and the left headphone just now broke away from the main body, so they're basically useless. For the price, I would have expected longer use.
I don't think this case is for the j3 prime the hole for the aux input is on the wrong side. Very annoying
I had a problem keeping them in my ears due the weight. I think the quality is excellent! They may be just fine for some, but not an active person as they won't stay in place
sounded great while it lasted but only worked 2 months before it broke and stopped playing music
They had very sharp edge or something the literally pokes you in the ear the entire time your wear then.
Not worth it. Very unstable.
First of all it wasn't packaged right, second it was charged like it said it would be, third it took long to charge.
Junk eats tapes CD player won't turn and you better live next door to a radio station.
arrived bent and could not be used
The glass screen protector shattered with out the phone being dropped.
It's a very cute clock but a terrible fan. I can't feel it unless I put my hand right in front of it. Breeze disappears an inch away. I also can't set the time. No amount of holding down the button will make the hour hand start blinking.
Does not work very well
The connector ends do not reliably fit on their RCA mate on several different pieces of A/V equipment. They are either too tight or too loose. Avoid or have some pliers ready.
I had two pairs and they both only lasted for 2 months then went out but they sound ok
Pairing was superb but you have to press buttons twice sometimes three times to operate. However it gets the job done until you buy another manufacturer remote
Loud speaker for its size.
The strap that goes behind your head should be longer when you move your head pod falls out
not fit to reg pc as far as mine,
I have ordered these twice now. First pair, one for each family member in 2015. Worked great for a while, then something happened to mine - they charge up just fine (light is green), but can not turn them on anymore. Buttons stopped working? No idea. And of course, past the warranty. Ordered a replacement for mine, new ones good. Then rest of family's started failing the exact same way. Charge up so light is green, but can't get them to turn on for nothing. Family switched brands. A year later, my second pair did the same thing, again. Will not order JayBirds again.
Holy muddiness, Batman! These earbuds, while they stay in and don't seem to be affected by sweat, do not sound very good. All the frequencies are there, but there's a significant boost in the low mid range. You may not notice it on rap or EDM material, but on rock, it doesn't sound very good.
I have had this stereo system for about a year now. I have not been anywhere happy with the sound. I have a cheap Best Buy insignia bookshelf system that I paid around $85 and it sounds a lot better than this one. Don't buy this system, you'll be sorry. I expected more from Onkyo
Phone case is durable but heavy. My husband is okay with it but it would be too much for me to carry.
The battery does not seam to stay charge very long not like the old battery.
Right earbud never worked. Tried, as the instructions suggested, putting it back in the case for 20 - 30 seconds, but the right earbud never synced.
Very Very cheap quality. I am scared that it might set my outlet on fire.
Didn't matter where you hung it, moved it, etc. would only pick up about 4 channels. Went back to the old rabbit ears which worked perfectly and SO much better.
Given as a gift. He returned .
Product worked but the battery compartment overheats and doesn't stay latched.
I used these to keep an extension cord out of the way. I used 8 clips and the stickiness lasted less than 24 hrs. I'm not impressed.
Easy to use. During 6 weeks of use. Did not report any data on 3 days. Then stopped reporting and would not hold a charge. Called customer service who could not help. I was told to put complaints in via email. Which I had already done with no response. Finally they responded via email and it took several days going back and forth via email to finally acknowledge it was not working. Now I have to complete paperwork to hopefully receive a replacement or return. I also requested a credit for days not used on my monthly fee. When it did work it worked well.
It was the same for ours. All but one worked. The one that didn't simply did nothing. A little disappointing.
I used them for almost a week while I was running with no issue. I ran outside when it was lightly raining and the headphones decided to increase the volume of my music at random times, as well as pause my music randomly during my run. I assumed this just meant that I could not use them in the rain, but after about 3 miles into my run a few days later (it wasn't raining), they started changing the volume and pausing the music again. I assume this is due to water damage in the button on the cord, but this made the headphones unusable. Would definitely recommend getting a different pair of headphones if you live in a place where it rains fairly regularly.
The headphones is a nice sturdy material. The ear muffs are really soft. Love that my kids can share a device. Wish it was a little louder, plays really soft/quiet.
For computer screen only, super small!!
No backlight, cannot see at night. Nice size, good size numbers. Need button for backlight at night , the would be awesome, otherwise pedestrian.
When you tell me something is loud I'm thinking 300 W Panasonic 1980s loud. I purchased this for a noisy work environment and I cant even hear it. For 300 bucks you need to double it.
Used for less one month, the blue fabric is already separated from the earphone
Doesn't work with TCL 43 inch
It only works for listening, my microphone quality was reduced to the point of uselessness whenever I'd try to use this splitter. I tried both a PC headset with stereo audio + microphone, as well as individual earbuds (meant for phones with mic on cord) on each female end of the splitter. It still did not work either way - the person on the other end could not understand what I was saying and I tested it on my own voicemail to see that the quality was indeed awful only while using the splitter. I received a free replacement from the seller, but it had the exact same problem. I bought a similar cable from a different brand, it works perfectly fine for my PC headset (it has green-marked and red-marked ends for stereo/microphone plugins). I will stick with that one instead.
The button placement did not line up properly for my J7 Prime but rather than return it, I cut the holes bigger. Not doing so caused my volume to go up and down on its own and the power button being pushed. Overall it gets the job done.
I ended up just getting a remote from Cannon and the factory remote works great.
Broke only after one week. Tore where the clip fits into so can no longer wear conveniently
Overall not the worst product I've purchased. Bought these for my 5K runs but I had the hardest time connecting these to my phone. Both of the sync up separately to your phone. You CANNOT use these both when listening to Spotify. HUGE bummer. If they synced both as a pair they would be perfect.
I bought two different cable management boxes and of the two this was by far the lesser in terms of appearance and quality. It was packaged stylishly but that's about all it had going for it. The plastic is soft and cheap. If it's on the floor where a chair might get pushed in it or someone accidentally kicks it: it's going to get trashed. Ugly shiny cheap plastic. How cheap? You know those cheap plastic storage bins you can get to hold pencils? Softer and cheaper than that. There are lots of other choices for a product like this. Chose something else.
I return this product together puma sneaker. I received the puma refund but not for this product.
I had to send this back because the buttons didn't work to navigate the menus. For the price I didn't expect much but wanted it to at least work of course. The screen itself isn't easy to read.
I barely used this twice and it got stuck in my radio. My dad tried to remove it and only succeeded in pulling out the wire. Now the cassette is permanently stuck. You're better off buying a wireless Bluetooth adapter.
Only picks up a few channels even in a busy town with several tv stations located here. Easy to install but doesn't work well and cuts out when you walk by it
Some of the Numbers are alreay not showing up When setting athe Alarm. I would send it Back but I do not have the Box..
the tube are to soft they bend
It seems everything about TV years is it expensive and flimsy. We got these snaps to replace the cheap, foam type tips that were falling apart. It won't be long before these deteriorate too.
We bought 2 of these but one of them has a lot of static when you touch the cord or if the cord gets bumped...I don't know if it's detective and we did not have the chance to use it till now so it's to late to return:( so disappointed.
These worked great, but the mic broke after a month:(
This little boom box is cute and lightweight. I received mine and it seemed to work fine for CDs.. But the Aux connector does not work. Tried and tried and can't get it to work. I'm pretty bummed out as this was a gift for my daughter who plugs in her cellphone to listen to music.
Stopped working in less than a week
Bought this to use for my classroom. It doesn't have a headphone jack which was disappointing. I've tried using it as speakers for my laptop but it doesn't get loud enough to fill the room.
I have had to park collar for a few days now. She continues to bark. I will not write my final review for a few more days. I have turned up the sensitivity on the collar hopefully that will work.
I have tried all three of the screen protectors in the box over a 3-4 week period and I recommend shoppers to stay away from this product. I have followed the instructions, cleaned the glass on my Samsung Galaxy S8+, etc. but, bubbles always appear under the plastic film screen protector. They also appear to be 1-2mm too wide for this phone and will not adhere properly to the bezel free S8+. Plus, each time I take the phone in /out of my pocket, the edges of the screen protector are pried away and the bubble problems just get worse.
The mount itself is great. Problem is the fact that you need to have studs at 9 and half inches to mount it correctly. Usually they are 16 inches on center.
Worked fine but came all scratched and its badly made
Very week! After one day applied on the wall, it all fall down. Disappointed and I would not recommend this item, but shipment and packaging was ok.
I bought this to replace a charger I lost and it worked for a while
not very comfortable
Audio is muddy, poor audio quality
It worked good at first but then the sound was just not good and I had to struggle to hear!
First, I ordered 'red' but got 'neon salmon' and, second, I ripped the corner of it just putting it on the remote. But, hey, I've got another one, right? Disappointing!
I am giving a 2 star becuase no matter how good they sound, if they won't pair with my phone (iPhone 7+) they are worthless! What headphones pair with every other iPhone accept one model?! Too bad too, they sounded really good.
After about 15 different attempts the Kinect kept disconnecting in the middle of songs. Not worth it. It disconnected at least 5 times in 1 song. If your going to buy one get the authentic one. Not worth it (As I watch it disconnect yet again).
The cables don't stay on the magnetic stop well. Oh well, they were cheap so I'm not too mad.
Won't stat paired/ connected to phone. Time and date are nice to have, but its basically a $40 pedometer.
Not working correctly seem like they shipped with a bad connector speakers cut in and out. Only bought because I lost my original pair they worked great so was hoping would be the same with these ones.
I liked this product at first. About halfway through the first season the main pressure screw cracked an was left unable to be used as intended. Cheap plastic on what was obviously a key part that was going to be needing to be durable. I despise when manufacturers just dont care.
Great idea, very poor execution. The charger works fine for maybe a month and then it doesn't. I plug it in and my phone doesn't recognize it most of the time. When it does, it'll charge my phone very slowly and then whatever charge I got out of it, goes away super fast. I got another charger cable from the corner liquor store and that charger charges my phone fast and the charge lasts normal on my phone. This cable is crap and I would only recommend it if you have another backup cable for when this one stops working.
These are very, very limited. Each of the three functions on a switch (click, double click, long press) can be a simple toggle on/off or a command. Commanding lights to do anything other than turn on or off (say, dim 50%) therefore takes up 2 functions if you want to dim and in-dim, or control a group that's not always perfectly in sync so that toggle works properly. Basically, just to replicate the bare minimum, core functions of the Hue or LIFX apps (turning on or off a few different combinations of lights; using one or two settings for dimming or color temp) would require many more of these $40 switches. These severely limits the flexibility and control of your devices in the name of “simple.” Simple is not the same as smart. There is no reason not to support a lot more functions (triple click, quadruple click, double click and hold, double long press, etc) but that's not how Logitech thinks. Their plan is to sell switches to you again and again and again and don't care that their repeat business isn't based on happy customers. They're counting on repeat business because a pack or two of these is insufficient and customers will be unhappy with these unless they spend way more than planned. Proof is in the pricing. Like a drug dealer, the starter kit is priced lower. After that switches are only sold individually and at a higher per switch price.
Bough at least two dozen of AA and AAAs and none of them are even decent. Don't waste your money, better spend it on Eneloop Pro. They cost more, but at least you know what are you getting.
Very disappointed. The left bud is very quiet, while the right one is loud. I thought these would be great for the money but I actually purchased a pair of wireless Jlabs for 12 bucks from Wal-Mart that blows these out of the water. I wanted 2 pair so I wouldn't have to wait for charging. I'll keep them, but I wouldn't recommend. 😕
They were just okay. Some worked, some didn't. They broke easily. Maybe it's to be expected with the price point.
Worked ok for a few weeks then started picking up noise and turning off Bluetooth source. Amazon took back with no problem.
I bought it less than 3 months and it began to wearing out rapidly. I recommend just hard case if you concern about durability.
Battery stopped holding charge after 2 months
The batteries for this product have turned off randomly when they are fully charged and being used. Beware.
I liked that they were adjustable. I did not like that they didn't last long. Half of the ones I bought have stopped working in a short amount of time!
I loved that these were affordable but in the future will never buy again. Didn't work right with my phone even though it says it's compatible. It didn't take long for them to completely become useless. Always had background static. This is a quantity over quality product.
The functionality is useful when it works. Even the first time I used it , though, there was a nonstop static noise with my headphones and it constantly paused or cut out unless I fiddled with it
Ok, so I use eneloop and these are just not as well designed. They work, but because you have the battery able to slide out the other side, it just makes it annoyingly hard to put it in some devices. I was trying it on the Disney Car's Mater, the large one. Based on how it fits in there, should be too hard. But every time I tried, the batter would slide out one side or the other. The eneloop sizers have a lock and cap, so the AA doesn't slide. I guess this still works in cases where you rarely change the batteries. In that case, it may be worth it to get annoyed once in a while but save a lot of money.
I returned these because after less than 3 weeks the ear buds would not sync to each other and could only be used independently. I followed all instructions for resetting them, and nothing worked. Also, they did not fit well no matter what size l used for the silicone plugs, and when just walking or turning my head to see traffic in the car, they would fall out. Not for me.
Honestly I was really excited for this product and the one I received is defective. Really frustrating because it's $30 which is expensive, so I was disappointed when it didn't work. Great idea and it seems to be the only product out there, but the one i received didn't work.
I like everything about this clock but ONE thing ruins it. It's a digital volume selector, not a knob. So the volume settings are not limitless like turning a rheostat knob. The lowest volume setting is FREAKING LOUD. There's no peaceful waking, even on a classical music station. It's like a jump start jolt better than coffee but makes me grumpy to wake up to.
USB cable did not work. Added one of my own. OK so far
Once you change out the earbud size it's a comfy, tight, and noise-cancelling fit, however the earphones themselves get real slippery if you have longer hair or oiler ears, or use product in your hair that can leave a residue. So you have to be careful if you're scratching the back of your ear because thats probably the only thing that could accidentally knock these earphones out. Other than that, the sound is great but the connection keeps glitching in and our and switching the sound quality of the earphones at times and thats extremely irritating for me personally so.
Bad quality. Would give it no stars if I could !!! Unqualified.
I added to a baby sensor. I'm glad I ordered a two-pack. One battery gave an immediate low battery alarm but the other has been working beautifully.
Overheated and wont work on the first charge. The one year warranty is a joke.
Doesn't controle sound as stated
Does not fit properly. Too difficult to try to put on. I was dissappointed. Also had less padding then the original.
I can see the potential but the one I got was a paint to set up and throttled my WiFi speed to about 25% of my normal speed. Also, it dropped connection about once every couple days. I don't recommend this product.
Its cute but poorly painted. I expected the color within the lines and a gloss finish.
Got these to use on a lab machine, so I could hear different beep tones. They're too quiet. Got a dollar store set of headphones and broke off the band and those work better. I put these in my bicycle helmet right where my ears are, but still can't hear much even when the volume is turned up. I wouldn't recommend.
I use mp3 players strictly for audiobooks so I don't have to wear down my phone battery. I was looking for a replacement for my sansa clip sport that I've had for years and finally died. This one was recommended online, so I gave it a shot...and I totally regret it. The sound quality and battery life are good, but there are times that I hit the "on" switch and nothing happens - I have to click it on/off a few times before it responds. That in itself is annoying, but the worst thing for me is that when I turn the unit on, it leaps backward in the audiobook and I have to skip forward to find where I stopped last. This happens every time. I also don't like the general design of the player - the buttons are not intuitive to the user and overall it feels very cheap compared to my old sansa clip. I've kept it too long to return it (probably should have tried it out sooner) so I will deal with it for a while but I am already planning on buying another sansa to replace it. UPDATE AFTER FIVE MONTHS OF USE: I still hate this thing. The whole setup still feels weird to me. I figured out how to turn it off without losing my place in the audiobook -- you have to hold down the play/pause button until it counts down from three, rather than hitting the off switch. (Umm...why do I need to turn it off this way instead of just using OFF?) And now, somehow, "shuffle" has been turned on, and I can't find where to turn it off. It is only a matter of time before I replace it -- and if I can't fix the shuffle issue, it will happen very soon.
Camera batteries and flash
Bought scratched and dent Top of speaker was crushed and corners.
The initial use of the product is ok, but I didn't like it very much afterwards.
Sound OK but don't plan on using the hands free unless you want to yell. If I have the Mic side facing me 2 feet away still cant pickup my voice clearly. Waste of my money since it was the main reason I purchased. The only reason I purchased this one over others is I purchased to other sets of earphones and they work great. So headsets yes this speaker NO.
Does it work yes. But it has side effects. I used this product for a good month on my dual screen bedroom TV/Gaming set up. Yes you can watch the same picture on 2 different TV's at the same time. There are drawbacks. If you decide to only watch one TV instead of 2 then you need to have the USB plugged into the TV you are watching otherwise the picture will blink in and out. Makes sense though. The thing needs power so need to have the TV on to power it up. The other issue I had was that every 36 to 48 hours or so I would have to reboot my DISH hopper receiver as I couldn't get any channels. Sure its easy to do but when you get into the habit of having to reboot your receiver every 2nd time you want to watch TV it gets a little tedious. I ended up disconnecting the thing a few weeks ago and no more resetting has occurred. So while I may not have had the best experience and there may be tricks for solving one or both of my issues I just got fed up with it and its now in my box of old stereo wire and RCA cables..
I ordered these to use at work, since wireless is easier than wired for music. I understood that the battery life was 2.5-3 hours, but using 1 earbud listening to music... it lasted maybe an hour. And they're terribly uncomfortable. I tried all three sizes of earbuds but all either hurt my ears or wouldn't stay put or fell out when I smiled or talked. Very disappointed in these. The sound quality, when they were positioned right, was good considering what it is. I like the idea of having a charging station, but I like better having ones that last longer than an hour. I have other earbuds and headphones, I'll just stick with those because these are going back.
Audio Jack don't work with both power cord plugged in at the same time together. Re-ordered and the same problem persisted.
The hardware provided to mount the rack brackets are the wrong size.
The bag looks great, but the quality of the hardware and materials is lacking. One of the buckles broke within the first week of owning the bag. Lifewit did a great job and replaced the entire bag due to this. Unfortunately, the bag still has a huge flaw. The padding that protects the laptop compartment folded in on itself has prevented itself and makes the compartment completely unusable.
The case was cute but it fell apart after a week and it started tearing. Hate it wasn't a better quality!
My daughter got this for xmas and I was disappointed to see the screen protector was already cracked and dinged. Alot of money for broken pieces
Well, it didn't work right out of the package, I had to modified it. Unless you have the radio inputs diagram I wouldn't recommend it.
Good quality sound but very disappointed that the ear bud covers are not clear as advertised in the picture. They are a dark grey which I do not like at all.
Given all the hype and the price point, I had high expectations for the Sonos Playbar and Sub. Very disappointed. The sound quality is good enough, but the design has some major deficiencies. These include: 1. The Playbar has only one optical audio input. Most people on the planet have more than one device. In my case, I have a DirecTV receiver and a Panasonic smart TV for Netflix and Amazon programming. There is no way to plug two digital optical audio cables in to the Playbar. Sonos tech support says you have to add a 3rd party optical audio switch like the J-Tech optical switch which I did. It works well enough but you end up with another box, another remote, and a bunch more cables to hook everything up. Very clumsy setup and inconvenient to operate. What's the point of having wireless speakers if you end up with a bunch of cables anyway? Also, to switch back and forth from DirecTV to Netflix or Amazon, you have to manually switch the audio to get sound. Frustrating. The Playbar needs multiple optical audio inputs and the capability to manage audio inputs internally, (like a traditional AV receiver does). 2. I expected the WiFi network setup for the Sonos to be plug and play. It was a nightmare. I have a Ubiquiti AP for WiFi and a TP-Link wired router. The Sonos is not compatible with the Ubiquiti AP which is a pretty common interface. Even hard wiring the Sonos to my TP-Link wired router did not work. I could see the Sonos from my router, but the Sonos will not complete the setup process without a WiFi connection (the Sonos hard wiring feature is really useless). After 4 hours on the phone with Sonos tech support, my network would not work at all. The Sonos tech reset my WiFi access point and nothing worked after that. They gave up. After 4 more hours on the phone with Ubiquiti tech support and several days researching myself, I finally got my network back up and was able to complete the Sonos setup process. The fix is complicated and too much to get into here. I have many other devices on my network and have never had such problems with them. 3. The Sonos speaker shadows the IR receiver for my TV remote. I have to hold it over my head for it to work. Minor issue but annoying. If I had it to do over again, I would not go with the Sonos Playbar and Sub. Considering the price point, there are other better options.
It worked fine the first few months. But as of now it is making that loud buzzing noise my original one made right before it went out.
Probably work fine, just not in Israel.
Ahh was a disappointment to my son.
Constructed well but it had funky water spots on the inside and it smelled like a wet towel that's been left out.
Had to buy new bolts because they were not long enough. Then had to rig it up some to mount the TV. I have a vizio 24" tv. Pretty standard. Be ready to be flustered about the fact that the bolts are not long enough to attach the shaft to the base!
the player does not work with batteries. I use the plug. Not what I expected. I wish I could exchange it.
There is a ground fault in the 1/4 inch connector. As I am using this with a PS4 dual shock controller this poses a problem. If this is just being plugged into the back of a PC it wouldn't be a problem. I have acquired a replacement from another manufacturer.
Now that it is installed, it's a good mount. But the lower pipe arrived with the pin holes misaligned, preventing the pin from going through, thereby preventing it from connecting. It took many hours of work to take apart the lower section and realign it. QC is lacking and instructions were subpar as well. Still, if you have the patience to figure it out, it's a good value
Works as advertised.
Too bulky and there was a gap behind my infants ears, I'm sure they would have worked okay but I want them to work great!!
Not very crisp noise at all, seem cheaply made, but fair for the price.
They work well enough to use if you're just sitting in a room. Battery's not great and the connection with my phone is terrible when I put my phone in basketball short pockets. Yes, I tested this out. I already have headphones that I use when I'm lounging around so these may get returned. The price is good, they stay in your ears, the sound is good... but the fact that I can't hardly use these if I'm out and about makes me feel like I wasted money.
It is good to have USB charge connection. It is too big for travel.
I thought this was going to have a built In mic?
Definitely does not have a 150 miles range. Maybe 50 miles at best.
The product is ok ... You get what you pay for. Nothing more nothing less.
Used it for a month or so. The problem is pairing is not perfect and sometimes doesn't happen. It's annoying when you can't pair your phone or that one side pairs and the other side doesn't. Lame.
When it did work it was PERFECT. The charging port broke within the year and I could never figure out how to fix it.
This product works well and helped me identify some bad wiring by a contractor. So it handles it's purpose. Two things I wish were different. 1. The LED numerals are still much to bright even on the lowest setting. 2. The product is much to shallow. If you are going to use it in a rack mounted environment, then it should be fine. However if you are going to use it in a stack, it is much to shallow to stack anything on top of, hence it must go on top. I wish they had a full depth version. See pics
Display to small. Hard to set stations.
When I purchased these I was unaware the cords didn't retract. The quality of the device is very good both in sound and build. I wrote a review that I was disappointed in the cords not retracting and the company responded 100%. I will definitely purchase more from them in the future.
my apple tv 4k has fallen off twice - not sticky enough to last
I swim laps for an hour every day using an indoor pool and it's very boring so I use the radio to help. I have used other swimmer radios that worked better but seem to have been discontinued so I bought this one but it doesn't work as well.
Didn't meet my needs. My own fault for insufficient research.
The inspire HR fits fine, but the clip takes away the HR function and it also doesn't track correctly. Many times I have tried wearing them while shopping and they tracked me as swimming!
My left side ear buds is not working
Super cute, but broke within two months.
It does what it is suppose to do. You have to assemble it yourself.
Maybe it's the color, but it seems to get dirty really quickly and the closure is cracking. Bought it to replace a similar one bought from Amazon. Wish I had the old one back.
Easy to install and it charges quickly. However, actual run time is a lot less than the OEM battery.
Was not that quiet, had a ticking sound that accompanied it. My flat iron stopped working for a while and i thought it was fried, but when i came back to the US it seems fine, but i don't trust this step down converter strip
Not the softest material. inexpensive and good value, but prefer a softer feel
$30.00 for four channels is poor cost-benefit ratio.
I love the speaker, sound and battery life but it didn't come with the block to charge it. I bought one for my other daughter last year and it came with more accessories. A little disappointing.
Little too quiet to hear above 45mph.
Pretty case but the ends do not stay on very well. Would like it better if it were one piece. I lost the bottom piece within 2 weeks of using
first one burnt up second one was delivered quick and has been working only been a few weeks PYLE stuff is cheaper had another stereo burn up too but just get the warranty with it in case something happens, been a month so far so good
can't play wav files for some reason. menus and scrubbing don't feel good at all. playback makes weird decisions for you, like playing all tracks by he same artist for no apparent reason. has a photo viewing mode for completely no reason. bass boost completely annihilates music fidelity. just a really underwhelming product, but it delivers on it's core promise of playing mp3s
Was looking for earphones that had cordless MP3 as other earbuds had worse reviews. Looking for use in walking more than swimming. Had no trouble loading music from PC.The sound quality is just average with the smallest earpieces which usually work for me. Bluetooth connects well, but sometimes transmission is not clear. Will continue to try to incorporate in my day... Not happy about the proprietary charger/music connection cord. I have already misplaced it several times and would like to get another charger to have on hand.
The idea is awesome but for some reason the remote keeps reseting itself every 3 or 4 weeks. Then I have to go thru a quick config process.
It does not work real good when you're on the freeway
Doesn't get all the channels I had with the last antenna. But the ones it gets has a great picture. Like that it hides behind the TV.
So what's the deal with these? Well.....they sound good ... not great ... but pretty clean. Light on the bass for those that love the thump. They're slightly muffled on the highs. But most of all... they need to be pushed to enjoy the sound quality. And as they break in ... the louder volume isn't required to appreciate them. It's a nice headphone for the price. But I've heard better for this price range. But these aren't a disappointment either. They do look pretty nice though. Hard to describe where I would place them.. certainly not among my favorites... but not in the reject pile either.
Quick and good price but stopped vibrating after about 1 week.
Nice but which I knew it was for the iPod and not an iphone
What size are these? These are quite large. Quality and everything is fine just large
Purchased this because I lost the charging case. It's ok because it does charge the airpods, but after a couple days I recognize it's a poor substitute. As soon as either the case or airpods are fully charged, they begin draining the charge even while not in use. I am considering spending the money for the authentic part. Three stars because you can still use the airpods as long as you don't mind recharging them more frequently.
To start this box did not have Netflix installed when I got it and that was one of the reason that I want to get it and also because I was curios about android boxes.... after I ask for help they send me an email stating that I have to reset the box to factory settings and I did, then I have to install Netflix which I did and it is working now,then after that I put it to sleep mode the internet was disable all the time when I turn it back on I have to restarted all the time, so I change the setting to turn it off when the power button was pressed down instead of put it to sleep, now every time that I turn it back on internet is working, but now my short cuts on the main screen are not working I have to go to my apps and look for what I want to see, it says that app stop working for the short cuts which I got no problem with that just and extra click , hope that in the future I doesn't crash.
The directions were so small you need a magnifying glass. Only using as a once use alarm so I can't comment on other features. Just like that it resets daylight time changes and when electricity goes off
Silicone ripped after a few months. Love the design though.
Not sure why this pair did not hold up for my daughter. Mine are working perfectly.
I was disappointed in this product.
Worked as a replacement charger for the one that came with my MSI laptop. Definitely not as good as the factory one, but it has worked consistently so I can't complain. For whatever reason it fits very tightly into the charging port, almost to where you feel that you're going to break it when you plug it in. Ironically though, it always tends to work it's way out of the port and not stay in without having to reinsert it periodically. One nice thing about it however is that the cable is very long, which some people may appreciate, and it has always worked and charged my computer normally.
Love this case but only had it for a couple of months and one drop cracked a piece off the corner so Ipad will not stay properly. A little disappointed
Too clumsy for me. A piece of Junk! Get these, you will be disappointed.
Won't stay stuck in my car at all
It does track your heart rate, but the measurement seems a bit low (on mine at least). Works okay for telling if your heartrate increases or decreases so if you can match a reading with your target zone you can use it to maintain a target heartrate (though the exact bpm of your target heartrate might not be perfectly correct). It's got a pedometer too which works okay, and the app is kinda cool.
The chargers break very easily. I had to order a replacement set because one arrived broken. And of my second set, two have broken already.
Pros: Looks great and feels great. Nice size (for somebody who has gorilla hands) and it felt comfortable during the time that I was able to use it. Cons: Mine arrived with a bum left-click, which is kinda the most important button. Will be returning the mouse, but hopefully others have better luck.
Sound quality and comfort are fantastic. However, they are not durable and have consistent issues with the wires fraying. When they honor the warranty this is great, but in my case as the Amazon seller is not on Etymotic's "authorized" list, my 2 year warranty is invalid.
Not very useful. Well made.
Failed test. I'm very unsatisfied with the service. This made me angry.
Arrived today in a unsealed/untaped/etc. box. I was TOTALLY shocked. Anyone could have opened the box & took out whatever they wanted! WOW!!!
Works great and is a good size. What everyone else said is true!! There is no key for the operation and the little pics on the buttons are deceiving! Would have given it a 5 if I didn't have to make labels for the controls. How about adding a little card in the box so people know what is what?
No instructions, too soon to tell about durability.
works okay not heavy enough it is plastic cheaply made
Pro: Picture quality is very nice Pro: Sound is good enough for the purpose Pro: Price is good Con: When the unit is rotated 180 degrees and folded shut (as it would be in a car mount), the convex monitor backing can push the function buttons behind it when even the slightest amount of pressure is applied (like a toddler playing with the TV with their feet). Often, playback is stopped as a result of these interactions. Con: The remote works, but reception at the unit is a little sketchy from just a couple feet away. Often have to push buttons more than once to get the unit to respond. Con: The headrest mounting case has a strap that covers the On/Off switch in the unit. Since you cannot toggle the unit's power from the remote, it can make things awkward. Con: The cigarette lighter adapter has a short cord (two feet long, tops). I was lucky and already had an extended adapter that fit this unit; otherwise, I would have needed to buy a different adapter to use this unit in the vehicle. It would have been too far away from any power source. I don't dislike the unit - and doubt it will get returned - but had I known these things going in, I would have purchased a different unit.
This is an unnecessarily large plastic box that charges my watch. It also has some USB ports. Did I say this thing was TOO BIG?
Very cute and I like the fit. Not as good as the ink'd headphones I normally use. The sound in these is not a full or rich sounding. Should be fine for work or the gym, but I will go back to the ink'd style once these stop working.
The sound quality was great but it was dropped on the kitchen tile and no longer work.
Great remote, just wish the Hulu button worked for our tv. The only button that works for our tv is Netflix.
works okay, the image going to the TV is off center , bought another brand and it fixed it
Way overrated. Sound was bass heavy which I really liked but connection and pairing problems ruined The great sound experience. Amazons service department is so bad it is just an awful experience!!!
I ordered two separate items for my roommate and I's new iPad Pro 11”. The plus is that they arrived earlier than expected, but it sucked getting ready to work and the headphones not working with the jacks. Neither of ours worked for the devices, so I'm not sure if the models don't work with this item or if it's the item.
I went through 6 batteries to get 3 that worked/charged without error, but the company was very helpful and kept sending me replacements until I had what I paid for.
I like the clean look of this clock a lot. The problem is the instructions are very short and don't explain how the clock works well AT ALL.
The product worked as intended but if you are ordering the “red” color, just know it's not truly red. It's very orange.
Works fine, but the ergonomics are poor. Its a pain to turn radio on or off due to the button location and shape of unit.
So here is an honest review: 1. They are beautiful looking headphones that are made of great quality. If you only want to 'look' at your headphones...buy these now! 2. The sound (which is most important) underperformed. I have a pair of $40 Ausdom bluetooth headphone that sounds waaaay better from mid-high and especially lows. 3. The bluetooth kept disconnecting on ALL of my devices. This never happened with my cheap ones. 4. I believe like another reviewer mentioned...they are ear heavy. This part didn't bother me too much, as they were still fairly comfortable and not too tight. However, somehow there is an imbalance with the weight of the top part (that goes over your head) because with even doing light activities while wearing them they would start to fall off. Again, my cheapies never had this problem and I've had them for over a year. 5. No bag, case or really any extras besides the charging usb cord and aux cord for when you're not using the bluetooth. This would've been perfectly fine if the main purpose was fulfilled ("the sound"). 6. All in all, I loved the name of the headphones (which did influence my purchase) and the look. Using real leather is something that is usually on more expensive headphones. But because these are headphones, not a handbag they still need to sound great too. It's like a beautiful woman with no personality or a bad attitude...not worth the headache. 7. Perhaps an updated version would greatly suit this product and I would remain optimistic in giving them a second chance.
I am not sure how to rate this. Straight out of the box I noticed that the CD draw(cartridge) is crooked. I have to help it come out as it gets stuck on the opening. I have contacted the seller. They offered to replace it and test the new one before shipping. Their customer service is excellent.
These did not work for me. They did not stay in my ears and would not charge in the charger while these were on the pods. I basically don't even use these. Save ur money.
Once installed it's an ok product. However, didn't like the fact that they expect you to mount in stud or brick. I was installing indoors and what are the chances of the exact center where I was mounting TV was on as stud. Of course, near zero chance!! I didn't want to use the mason mounts they provided in the sheet rock wall so I used snap toggles. Seemed little over the top to drill 1/2in holes to mount what little weight was going on it but that's what I had. The biggest let down was the cable management system. Seems the plastic strip would be good and it was for small wires. But when it came to the HDMI cable and power cords it was very frustrating. Literately scratched the paint on the wall trying to cram the wires behind the plastic strip.
I loved the headphones, it was great worked really well, the music quality was great, but it stopped working one day, and i tried to contact support multiple times but never got a response and it's been several months now, so that sucks. Good headphones, bad support though.
1. The different sized ear tips that come with these earbuds are flimsy and awful they aren't the standardized ones 2. Sound quality is terrible no bass 3. You can't listen with earbuds individually, the right earbud is dependent to the left BOTTOM LINE THESE ARE GOING RIGHT BACK!
works , but delivered with no directions.
The sound is pretty good, but they hurt your ears after a while. They are NOT big enough to fit around your ears, so they press down on your ears, with quite a bit of pressure.
This was used to replace a burned out projection lamp on my TV. It was good in every way except the brightness of the TV picture. Whites are somewhat grey and colors are too intense.
This looks cuter in picture. When I received it, it looked too busy. It's okay. I wouldn't buy it again. However, it was very sturdy and good quality.
I really like the design of this headset, how it's foldable and how it fits my head. Installation (pairing) is a thing of seconds and the noise cancellation works great. Unfortunately the sound via bluetooth is delayed by some milliseconds. So if you still have the original tone on the tv on for some other listeners, it sounds like an echo in your headset, which might not be an issue for some users, because their headset is the only audio source. What I don't like with this headset, is the sound quality. It has to much bass. Bass and treble are not linear, which could be ok for music but not for a movie when you need to listen to the voices.
Works fine, not very loud.
Clip broke on first use. Not very sturdy. Won't latch.
It has good battery life, and sound quality. But left earbud cuts off and on frequently
A kids toy but that's about it.
Unable yo use. Does no fit the walkie I use at work. Unable to return because I work at a school, purchased it ove the summer and could not return it because too much time passed. I would love the opportunity to return it and get the proper earpiece.
Shit controller. But it's good for the moneys worth I suppose. I'd buy again I guess
Unfortunately it has a bubble in it that I can't seem to make go away - otherwise it would have been perfect.
Reasonably made Chinese product. Poor quality control. One of the ones I got has different length cables. I mean... You can tell someone that doesn't own shoes put this together in a factor somewhere because they didn't even get the length right.
Not sure why but the case is actually loose around the top and bottom of the switch. The back of it fits right, its just like the opening portion had been stretched out and it hasnt regained its intended shape yet. It is a very minor inconvenience though.
I ordered this for my father in law so he could watch tv the way he likes. This was the second pair. First one lasted about two years with regular use.
Same volume if I were to put it full blast on my cell phone alone
Excellent sound and very easy set-up but product slowly stopped holding its charge.
The sound is great and it's easy to use, but the Bluetooth stopped working after a month. I had to send it for repair.
I bought 5 of these for work. they sound great work well with skype phone systems long battery life. But the plastic holding the speakers are flimsy. So far 3 have broke within the first 90 days always between the headband and the speakers on the arm piece. because of this I will not buy any more as it is just to fragile with taking off and putting on
Not very durable for kids, maybe would be better for an adult. My 6 year old broke them within a week.
Amazon delivery is going down hill fast. Package was left in the middle of a sidewalk, 5 feet from the porch and was soaked in the rain. It's not a hard job to deliver a package and will hopefully be automated in the next few years.
They look cool but don't hold up to water at all. indoor use only.
After about 4 months the hinge on the folding ear pieces breaks. It's a very small plastic hinge that, frankly, is just under-engineered. I glued it back together which means it doesn't fold up anymore. Disappointed.
I bought this system two months ago and love it, but the front display already went out. I'm guessing there's a little thermal fuse that burned up and shorted the circuit to the digital display. Hopefully it can be replaced easily. Other than that it sounds and looks great for its price.
The backlighting it's only on for a bit after you push the button (like a watch). I really needed them to be backlit the entire time, so that sucks. Otherwise, they are fine for what they are.
Overall the sound quality for the price is good, however I immediately detected a rattling sound from the sub-woofer internals when the bass hits at volume. I returned it, got a replacement, same problem. So for the price it's alright, but that sound will drive me nuts over time and I'll have to replace this with someone better.
We really struggle to get it to switch between ports, so much we now basically use it just to be able to reach the HDMI port and only leave one item plugged in at once. The remote never actually worked from what we could tell.
Like so many things these days (all of which are now made in China), this thing worked pretty good for about a year. Then it began to randomly disconnect for no reason, and sometimes also not randomly disconnect under exactly the same circumstances. So now I get to listen to the robot lady continuously saying "connected" and "disconnected", and then invariably saying "disconnected" as soon as a video loads. Well, guess what, robot lady...your days are numbered. soon you'll be saying "connected", "disconnected" to no one in the darkness of the landfill.
Works great and does what is advertised. Really like the door bell and highly recommended this product. Was missing the screw to hold the door bell to the wall mount
Great idea. Super simple, which is the only thing that will work for our father. Crazy price especially for the faux wood version, as the technology is cheap. We got it anyway because it was a good idea. Returned the first one because the power cord connection to the back is loose and resets with a loud electric pop sound in the speaker when you move it. Just got the new one, same exact problem. The music list starts over when it loses power, so this is a real pain. It should remember the last song position. I feel like it is just a cheap arduino in there with a small SD card to hold the music. For $240 I should be able to abuse this thing without worry. We are going to try this for a week in his room to see how often it resets, Will return if it is.
The chord that came with it does not work- not impressed -
I wish the reception was better on the lake, but great reception at the house. Just the nature of the beast for this small radio. Battery life is not as good as I expected from the reviews. It will not last a full day of fishing... All-in-all, not a bad little radio.
The batteries are loose inside the remote, so you have to flip it upside down to make it work.
The controller handles are great, the joystick button does NOT work for PUBG (you can't sprint with it), and the buttons are also great. Problem is, the buttons don't fit on your phone if you're using the controller handles. So, might as well just order the buttons or order the handles, because again, they don't work together. For reference, I'm using an iPhone 7.
The breadboards did not accept the jumper wires very easily. Many times the internal pin receptors were not perfectly aligned and so they would bend and jam and not hold the jumper wire pin-ends. The wires were what I really needed though and they were just fine.
I do not like how I can only use the left earbud by itself and not the right. I can't keep small things in my left ear so I use the right earbud most but I can't with this earbud set because the right on wont work without the left one being out of the case. I highly do not like that. But other than that....It has great sound quality and noise cancelation (which I love). If it wasn't for the pairing thing I would totally be in LOVE.
Looks nice. Bought to use to charge ps4 controllers, but it does not have the right voltage.
I still am using 3 remotes, was hoping this would eliminate 2 of them. After hours of scouting the web the only thing I managed to do was get my sound bar to volume up. Doesn't work with my cable box either.
The sound is good, they are not easy to put on and not as light weight as I hoped.
Doesn't stick at all, and very shallow, but worked
Like: Arrived quickly, nice battery/dock/case, clear sound, EASY pairing, EASY interface; battery life seems good; and chassis fits entirely "within" the ears. Dislike: Although these units showed great potential, they do not physically project into the ear far enough to seal and create bass (tried all three included sizing rubbers). Inability to physically project into the ear canal also kept the volume much lower than my other Bluetooth headsets. Lastly, the interface is VERY touchy (literally) and will take some getting used to. Don't learn to use this while trying to drive … the distraction/frustration would be dangerous. So what you're left with is a snazzy package with not enough volume or bass to enjoy music while exercising or even walking in a moderately noisy area, unless perhaps you are a young teenager whose ears have not yet reached adult size or a tres petit female. And the absence of bass leaves only bright, tinny midrange which WILL cause a headache in about 10 minutes, trust me. Yes, I tried every EQ setting on my iPhone 6S Plus. Probably fabulous for everyone else. ~ J
Accessibility to tilting mechanism was very limited, and very difficult to adjust
I liked everything about this product except it jus isn't LOUS ENOUGH, and I'm not hard of hearing. The fit was great ,the style is great, the battery life is great . All that being said. I need VOLUME. I use these to work out I run at least 3 miles a day and then hit the weights I need music to PUMP ME UP. The sound and clarity is good. If your using these to travel or sit around and listen to music they probably Rock. if your a classical music user they probably rock. But if you need KICK ASS music to take you somewhere else These are not the ones. I'm soooo disappointed.
I could not get this remote to program my TV
Didn't hold Up well used fast they scratch too fast and don't last
I like these! I live in a very rainy town and these hold up even after days of rain. Definitely will purchase more in the future! 3 stars because sometimes they don't catch motion.
Sound was ok but the divice fell apart in one month
This was used at the front desk of a medical office full time. It worked well for about 1 year. After a year of daily use the mic boom became loose and the plastic of the headset piece broke. This may be a good product for light use but isn't suitable for a full time office.
I liked the concept of these tips, with the screen to keep the amplifier of the ear bud clean. However, the memory foam was very stiff and did not compress well, even when warming up. The smallest size did not fit me. Looks like silicone is the best for me
Background noise (white noise, hissing) when music is playing.
These are decent but they don't get loud at all.
Looks great but snags on most fabrics.
only can playing 5 hours song.
I will suggest a dark color. It is a super cute keychain and case however once the ring holder starts to get rusty the case looks like it's dirty. I order the pink one and ring it's a gold-ish color and it's started to get rusty and now it's causing the rubber case to look like it's dirty. I constantly have to wipe down. But it's serves its purpose
'twas a gift to family member for keeping her blue tooth ear phones safe.
About a third of the discs, when recorded on, miss large stretches of input video, as much as a half-hour to 45 minutes, so don't use these for anything you don't already have another copy of.
Ok so as other descriptions have said they are really impossible to connect both at the same time ..... sound quality is good but even when they are saying they are connected only one works
This works as advertised and plays audio while charging, but on both my iPad Pro and Galaxy S10e there is a very audible background hiss in the audio that increases as the volume is raised. I am using it with somewhat sensitive IEMs but still pretty annoying. This happens regardless of whether the device is being charged or not.
These AA batteries are slightly smaller in size so I can't use them for my flash as intended.
Sound quality is pretty good for the price, but the size of the volume control piece is HUGE. I bought them for when I run and work out. I could not run with them, the giant back square flopped around so much I ripped them out of my ear 4 steps into my run. Even when I wasn't running it was super annoying. And the clip that comes with them doesn't work either. So if you want them to use as you sit completely static, great. If you plan to move at all, not recommended.
Although I have previously purchased a tripp-lite surge protector and was pleased with the quality, This one is kind of a question mark? based on negative comments about customer service responses. I hope this meets my expectations.
Decent scope but don't expect top performance. For the price it serves its purpose.
There are certain metallic kind of sounds that some of the newer bands I listen to use in their music. These sounds do not translate well over these speakers. More acoustic music sounds lovely though.
This watch was hard to get to connect to my phone and stay connected. Tge battery did not last very long. The extra battery I recieved didnt work. I really liked it when it worked though
Hat arrived on time. It was warm and fluffy, like a kitten in the spring of life. Unfortunately, it was also quiet like a kitten in the spring of life. Even with the volume all the way up, both on the hat and the phone, it was just barely at an acceptable level. Any background noise, and I can not hear a thing. A friend who also purchased the hat mentioned the same thing. Unlike a kitten in the spring of life, it does have a great battery life (do kittens run on batteries? Do android dream of electric sheep?), and recharges quickly enough. I plan to keep the hat, as it will work for work, but would not recommend for future purchase.
Batteries can't seem to hold a charge anymore. I use my go pro 2-3 times a week when I ride my motorcycle and they seemed to hold a charge fine for the past 8 months. If I can get replacements, I'll update my rating. *Update* two more stars for the replacement. I'll update again once these batteries last over one year.
Pieces that connect the controller to charger break off easily. Charged pretty well before pieces broke.
Sound quality wasn't what I expected from JBL. Price was worth it, but I regret not getting the better version.
Can't beat the price, feels comfortable, quick charge+long battery life are hard to beat. Sound is so-so...a little bassy and lacking in treble, especially for voice. But for the price...
Bought two pair of these for my son and they both broke in the same spot so I'm guessing it's some sort of design weakness. Both pair broke where the ear cup attaches to the main band. It's a point designed for rotation and flexion so it's already weak by design.. and apparently does not handle impact well. In both instances, my son was walking through the halls at school and either ran into another student or another student ran in to him. Both instances, the headphones broke at the flex points and the ear cup was left dangling. I tried fixing them several different ways to no avail. Other than that, the call quality for these headphones is absolutely horrible. I talked to him a few times via the headphones and he always sounded like he was mumbling or had a sock in his mouth. I won't be purchasing another pair.
I have used a similar checker before, so I knew how to check the cells. I opened the box, plugged in a battery, and the last digit of the percentage would only show a couple of dashes, Could not read the whole number. I didn't bother with seeing if the other functions worked or not. I paid for a 100% operating checker, this one was not. The three stars is for the return process, minus the fault of the item. I mean, that the ease of return was worth a few stars after taking off stars for a faulty checker. I filled out a return request, stated the problem, printed out the mailing label, and put it in a padded envelope to be mailed. Took no more than 10 minutes. I was only out the cost of the envelope. Great return service, whether it's Amazon or Tenergy. I may order another one and if it works will write another review. If it doesn't, I'll Still write another review, except less stars.
Fit my standard charger but not my 15 minute, slots must be different. Most people use the standard charger so they would probably be great. Seller took them right back and later asked about my issue and particular charger, seemed they were concerned about their product, kudos to them.
Works well and is compact with the USB power instead of a big control unit. The downside is the tape sucks and falls off components easily by themselves. Also you need to tape all the wires in place because if they get tugged a little they will also rip the transmitters off your components.
I liked Jam Bluetooth speakers, however recently my old one had been randomly disconnecting in the middle of my music. Thinking it just my speaker, I purchased the Jam Classic. However I still have the same problem. I do not have this problem with other bluetooth speakers. Dispite this problem, speaker is easy to use & very nice volume for the size!
interfered with cell phone reception
they are nice looking but not great on quality. my 14yr old broke within two weeks.
These ear buds do not work very well for me. Often the other party on the phone call complains of poor sound quality. A few times calls were dropped. Pairing is difficult.
I would like to return this because of the awkward positioning of the cover when one try's to type. Please help me.
Blue lights, crispy. Only metal on frame is exterior head strap. Sound quality is booming But after you modify your audio settings. No big deal. Not heavy on the head.... but I give this a lower rating cuz mine seems to be defective. The microphone switch indicator doesn't operate smooth, as if there's dryed jelly in it or something. And sound cuts out and goes silent when I move and randomly comes back. When it's finally time to chat it up my friends sometimes can't connect with me for 10 to 20 minutes. Off n on. I work 13 hours days and it's been about a month. I barley touch it. I thought it was my controller at first but I plugged the headset jack into a few different things and mine is definitely defective.
As a pro installer, I use many of their products. Good bracket, but has a 3/16 inch wobble that makes it impossible to level perfectly.
Ok charging pad... I like the leather material because it feels like it prevents damage when u accidentally drop ur phone on the charger!!
It works well, but the material on it broke after two or three months. Can't be surprised though, it is pretty cheap.
The pen works great on my touch screen phone but I purchased for touch screen sewing/embroidery machine. It takes a few extra seconds to connect and there is a delay when drawing on screen. The pen point and the actual drawing is not accurate therefore I find it hard to create detailed files.
Looks really cool except for the fact that air bubbles exist, 2 Seperate halves bottom half is very loose while the top half is very snug! When opening the case the top part tends to push down the bottom part of the case causing it to loosen.
Small scratches on blue face. Can't adjust (e g. lower) brightness at night - must cover. Dial doesn't properly align to station's number on the radio dial.
These headphones offer crystal clear sound, maybe the best I've ever had. HOWEVER, every time the cord moves there is a loud vibration that comes through the cord and into your ears. Best I can describe it is thunder-like. (it even happens if not plugged into a device). Unless you will sit absolutely still while using these, there might be better choices. I had high hopes for these, now they will just be a spare in the car ...
This isn't the best headset, but it isn't the worst either. It works in a pinch, but I wouldn't use it unless I have to. The headset isn't comfortable at all. The piece that holds the set against your head isn't secure and doesn't hold really well. While I can hear perfectly clear, I was told that it's also kind of low on the listeners end. I had to repeat myself a few times, which can be pretty annoying.
These sound great but the plastic jack frame is so big it won't fit in the hole of the phone case.
Only had them for 1 year and not been using them maybe more than 1 times a week. After one year the sound stopped working in the right ear piece. Can anyone give me advice on how to get help. Dont seem to find it. It's over $200 dollar headphones so they should work longer than one year.
I really can't rate this because I bought it when I bought the c box for the tv. The info said “most people also bought this” so I bought it also but didn't need it. I kept it because it would cost me as much to return it as it would to keep it!
I was supposed to get one pack in primary colors and one in neon colors to keep everyone separate, received 2 packages of the primary. I will have to write on them to keep the families cords separate.
I purchased these headphones because of the noise reduction quality, as I was going to use them specifically for yard work. The first time I used them was to mow the yard, and the headphones did not muffle the sound of the mower at all. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone who is looking for noise reduction.
Not bad for the price..
This is a great idea but it doesn't last. I ordered 8 of them in December and 4 of them already don't work. I have replaced the battery but they don't record or playback. I put them in a stuffed animal for my mother who is in a nursing home. She is an Alzheimer's patient. Family members have recorded messages for her so she doesn't feel so alone. She loved it and played it a lot. I will have to find a product that is more sturdy. I used one to record my Mom singing a song and I don't want to lose that.
Overpriced. Nice item for one-dollar store.
This product only lasted me 3 months before it stopped working. While it worked, the sound quality was a 3.5 out of 5. Would not buy it again.
They work great for a cheaper end model. If I bend over to pick somthing up off ground the sound will cut out. And every now and then it will do it while I am working.
The earphones are extremely comfortable I can wear it for hours and not have to take it off. Not only is it beautiful it also cuts off almost all background noise due to its over the ear pad. The only bad thing about it is that the hearing of the left side of my headphone is lower than the right and the volume is not very high to begin with even if I crank it up to the highest on both the headphone and ps4. Other than that it's good. Everyone can hear me perfectly well, maybe a bit too well (they can hear other people 10 feet away from me if they're talking or doing stuff).
Expected more volume
don't really like the fit can't use them on the tread mill them keep coming off
2 of the 3 work perfectly tight fit and works great with my charger.
This is my 2nd Onkyo receiver. My old unit lost audio through the HDMI ports. This one has lost the ability to connect via bluetooth.
made nice , But made the air pod too big for my ear ! Maybe i have small ear canals ? They might work for you
Difficult to turn on and off; button is tiny and not easy to reach. Since each control button has more than one function depending on degree of pressure, I have a difficult time navigating with old fingers. I frequently lock it and am unable to unlock. The screen is easy to read
Bluetooth for calls isn't good for the person your talking to but perfect over the radio as is streaming music.
Well I've used them at the gym and noise cancellation wasn't great..i even switched the ear plugs to the larger size...the base is good but on a lot of songs it sounded muffled ..I do like how they connect right away..and they do sound great ..but just haven't found the perfect headphones yet...do you have another style without to base muffle..
Didn't fit her AirPods.
This is a good speaker which it sounds goid plus- it has easy instruction and easy to connect
Mine worked well for several years. But lately when the line power flickers my computer goes off completely with no battery backup. I checked the battery voltage and it looks OK. I don't know whether to get a new battery or to just junk the unit and get another one. I probably will get another brand.
This product would not stick on the shower wall for very long. If you try and use the bottoms it will fall off the wall, I tried a lot of different tactics and it just wouldn't stay on there.
My new phone doesn't have a headphone jack, so I bought this device. The idea was to keep the device attached to my earbuds and in my pocket. This works when my phone is in my pocket too. Unfortunately, just taking my phone out of my pocket causes the audio to cut out or become distorted, which defeats the purpose. I imagine this device would be fine in a car, but I wouldn't recommend it to people who want to make their earbuds / headphones wireless.
I bought two units and overall love the mobile music. Both units were processed the exact same. While listening to them, my second unit's battery only lasted about 20 hours. The first unit still showed full charge! I just downloaded the Monster phone app so going to see how that works later today. Great sound, variable battery life.
Don't know I returned because I bought another one.
Problem with these is that the battery charging system in the case has a major bug. The headphones do not go into standby mode, and when charging via case, it does not proportionately charging. This results in one headphone dying while the other retains significant charge. I contacted the manufacturer and they stated that this is a known issue and will fix it via firmware update by the end of Q1 (late March). Personally, I decided that the headphones were too good to not wait and be frustrated until then, so I will be hanging on. But for travel, these can be absolutely infuriating.
Pretty cheesy for the $12 price. The metal grills don't attach to the rings, which would have been helpful. Used some clear Gorilla Glue.
The radio is confusing in its setting up and the quality of the speakers. But then for the money, don't expect a Bose speaker,
i like it and use it but wish we had went w a step up w better sound and bluetooth capability.
Pros: It works pretty much as advertised Cons: The positioning of the letter keys on the keyboard are not determined by any universal standard for keyboard design. As a result, this product, unfortunately, has largely gone unused.
The manual was/is the worst I have ever seen. Programming the four buttons along the top using the codes provided worked great. I got everything to work just fine. The rest of it was never discussed in the instructions.
got 4 channels, in my attempt to "CUT THE CORD" i have the usually streaming services but this is ok !
Not as bright as the pictures show. Still well loved, though.
The exposed workings of the CD player has NO cover. Dust & particles can and will accumulate while using this. It is nice & portable. However, even if used as wall mounted devise, it will collect dust on the inner workings; most certainly if used as a portable devise.
The mount was easy to install but after about a year, the TV began to tilt to the right. There is a knob to tighten that movement but it doesn't turn. Never has.
Inserted new battery but my phone must have been hit by a power surge. I cannot get the volume necessary to use phone. I am sure battery is not the problem.
I mean, it is a remote, and most functions work as you would expect. As another user has noted, blackout feature does not seem to work. It seems like there are quality control issues.
We bought these and had some technical issues within a year of purchase. Called the company and they immediately sent out a replacement pair. Excellent customer service. Would recommend!
Will see, usually don't buy protection plans.
Nice charger but the higher the mAh on the battery-the longer to charge-a 2500 mAh can take 8-12 hours-I have a Dynex charger that does this in 15 Minutes but wont charge Ni-cd--I did charge 4 NiCd's and they lasted about 4 hours
Easy to install and navigate. Although, no matter where I've put the antenna I have to deal with it scrambling up now and then. Overall it's worth the money.
probably won't answer this question for obvious reasons.....
I have four kids and this was perfect, one they are very big (the ear part) and they have a hard time keeping them in, 2 one of my kids wires broke the second and three they do not work with all phone/computers.
My 2010 MacBook Pro's battery was swelling rather badly, and I needed to replace it before it burst my computer at the seams. Installation was easy enough, but I used other tools as the ones they included were not very good (the metal on these was too soft to turn any of the screws). The battery charges and works, but doesn't hold a charge very long. It's half as effective as the swelled battery I replaced, but since I mostly use my laptop while connected to power, I left it in. If anything changes regarding its performance I will update this review.
After using this headset for the past few days I can say that I really tried to like it. Unfortunately it just does not fit larger ears well. I was able to turn the ear hook away from my ear and switch to another ear tip to get decent sound from it. The fit was not going to work for me. Overall it is well constructed and packed in a great hard case. It includes a good selection of ear tip replacements. Charging was a breeze and pairing went without much effort. I would definitely recommend this Bluetooth earpiece for the sound but be aware that it might not fit all ears.
Feels a little cheap, but works well.
It's awfully heavy, needed some WD 40 to getting to open and close smoothly. It does fit big TVs thou,
Doesn't work well after 1 month goes on and off
Very light, cheap plastic and no ballast. Tower design does not work well if there is no weight on the bottom.
Great size but gets way to hot charging my X1 Yoga. It gets to hot to even touch. Works fine for my Macbook.
I ordered this to use for listening to books. I haven't used the charging function yet, but it eats up batteries! I used it for a while, but then my husband managed to repair my Sony product, which does everything so well. This product doesn't allow for fast forwarding within a section. I think it must be using the battery to stay where you stop in order to keep the listener where he is in the book. I still may use it if my Sony dies again...
These work great, but the shape of the ear pads are too vertical and are uncomfortable to wear. It's not too much of a complaint, but I wish the wire wasn't so long and could unhook from the mic control. It kind of gets in the way when playing games.
Sound was delay,Can not use for karaoke.
only lasted 6 months....
Very small, but works in a pinch. Best used when volume isn't an issue, not loud and clear enough for multiple people in a room to all hear. Has a dial to change the stations, with very little movement between stations, so it's difficult to tell what station you're on unless the station announces it.
I bought these to use as a mic for ps4 but that's the only thing that was good about it if your looking for headphones for your ps4 I recommend apple earbuds better yes the mic doesn't work on the apple earbuds but the sound quality is way better
Ok I have waited until I have recharged these over 3 times and if you let them charge and then sit on say a shelf for a day they lose their charge, by as much as 50%. I have fully charged them and then taken them out of the charger and let them sit on my desk waiting to replace the other pair. When putting them in they show only 50% charged. So I next charged them and then took them out of the charger for 4 hours and put them back in to have the charger say they are at 75% after just sitting out of my charger for 4 hours. If you leave them in your charger trickle charging until your ready to use them they will show 100% charge in your device but that seems like a dumb thing to have to do.
May be good for the price but for me they are really good and my projector with this setup looks good for me as I don't want to spend too much for just stands.
I liked this radio until I started listening to music. The speaker didn't really handle the lower and high frequencies well, only the mid range, and the EQ knobs didn't help very much. Giving it three stars because the reception is excellent, but the speaker was noticeably worse than my Sony portable.
They will stretch over a piece that is 2 5/16 and then be really thin. Think their measurement is the Outside Diameter. Still thin though. Better than a piece of plastic sitting on my ear.
These don't really fit as snug against my head as I would like them to. I guess that's good in one way..... you can't say I have a big head!
Price, quantity and speed of service were excellent. The reason I cannot give this a 5 star is the fact that I like to see them last at least a year in use. I use the batteries in all my Lowe's IRIS security system sensors. I change batteries annually.
Looks just like photo gave a three star because the top is defensive it won't stay on not cut correctly to fit
They never last long
Sounds is slightly fuzzy when on high volumes..made very cheaply. Broke after about 2 months of normal use (used about 3x a week for those two months)
Pros: good build quality, good appearance. The zipper works well. Cons: The size is slightly too small. The speaker fits, but it is a chore to get in and out. Also, the power pack is also tough to get in the little pocket.
I expected better sound quality. I probably should have purchased a more expensive boom box. Small speakers, small sound.
I will need to return, as I can't really hear the recordings of my teacher in class and I set close to the front of the classroom.
It does the job it's intended to do but you can't move your wireless device further than 10' away or you will start losing connection. Volume control works great and dound quality is the same as running music through an Alexa.
Low volume, the battery life is too short
a little stiff but does the job
KZ makes better buds for the same price or just a few bucks more. Get something like the es4 or ate
this is a nice speaker, I was under the impression that I would be able to connect two speakers at once and play them at the same time. This isn't the case. Two speakers can be connected to the same device both they will not play at the same time. This is a good speaker for the price.
Cable ends are oversized and bulky. I do not recommend using for a phone aux cord as a result of its large rubbery ends.
It needs more product fir the price.
product has a huge flaw you can only really charge one ps4 controller on the dock the cables from the psvr make it impossible to charge two at the same time(in the dock)
Product isn't showing powered on.have to unplug it and plug it back in to get power to it.
Overall the sound bar is decent. It could use a little more bass.
Used on my fire stick, the signal comes and goes
Sound quality isn't the best. I used them at work so I need to be able to hear background noise. The quality of the sound is lacking though. They do the trick for what I need at work.
Sounds is middle Quality 😭
It works but it turns on my Google assistant which is annoying
The install took 2 hours. The guy I hired had to go to Home Depot because screws were missing out of the package. It was a pain. Other than that it looks good.
Well, after a week the buttons fell off & there's a big problem with the sound when you use the cable to attach to a TV or device. For the price, I would recommend something else.
These cable ties must be wrapped a certain way on the cable to stick to the cable, and it is not intuitive. The photos on the box and web site don't really show how to do it and really need to be improved. Maybe I will get used to them but I like the type I used before with a slot to connect them to the cable.
Let's start with what I like: The headphones are very comfortable, they fit my head quite well and my ears have not gotten sore from wearing them for extended periods of time (1-2 hours). The sounds quality is good. I do not consider myself an audiophile but I can tell lousy from decent when it comes to headphones and these fit squarely in the decent category, Cons: There is a severe delay when using Bluetooth (1-2 seconds) so much so that I gave up on using the bluetooth. I just plug them in using the USB-C to 1/8" cable. It makes watching movies using Bluetooth a no-go with these headphones. I also notice the delay when pausing music. There is a 1-2 second lag from when I hit the pause button to when music actually stops. Noise cancelling doesn't do much more than add white noise to the audio. Build quality is mediocre. I have owned these 8 months and the power button broke (it is stuck depressed so I can no longer turn the headphones on). I wasn't expecting these to be awesome, but losing the Bluetooth functionality completely after 8 months seems pretty bad. The padding is also coming loose as shown in the photo. I would recommend these as a decent pair of wired headphones, but look elsewhere if you want wireless.
It's only 'ok'. Works sometimes but not others, the Nintendo Switch sometimes doesn't notice this is plugged in and wont switch modes. Additionally my main TV doesn't recognize the signal this is outputting so I have to use it in the other room. When it works, it's great.
Love symbol is larger than the real one and ring width is also thicker, however if not stacked against a real one (bottom ring) it would be hard to tell
Bought this product based on the reviews and I'm not impressed. Have another vizio sound bar and the features, sound and ease of use is much better than this one at a lower price. I find it difficult to get the volume to the level I'd like. There is an option for music, movie or news feature but when I press on the buttons I notice no difference in the quality of the sound.
They are comfortable to wear. The bluetooth connects well; however, the sound quality is a. bit muted. Using it with the wire cord provides a very subpar sound quality that cuts off at times. Overall it's not spectacular but it's not completely terrible.
I liked how the device was easy to turn on and adjust the volume. The touchscreen was easy enough to maneuver. I liked how the icons were east to understand and the cords were easy to connect. However, when I tried to put music on it, nothing happened on my computer. I am using a MacBook Pro, Catalina is the OS. So while it might work for windows, I wouldn't recommend it for Mac users.
Not very durable (buttons fall off) but so far no fires and work well enough
I bought this Radio/ CD Player as a gift for my mom, she need to hear rain sounds and thunder to be able to fall asleep her, last CD Player broke, and bought her this and she liked it, its smaller than what she had and it sound a little bit lower than her last. It also has FM Radio and alarm clock, but it feels like it isn't worth the 70 dollars I paid. I'm not saying its a bad product but is not $70, I think it more around $40, and another downside is that it doesn't have Bluetooth. At least you have AUX cable that you can connect to a phone or tablet to listen to music, The sound for me is more for Sleep than if you actually want to enjoy music because it doesn't sound too loud. I think the Speaker are about 7 watts of output, which isn't very much, I will not return it because My mother was pleased with it, she said is not the best but it will do it's job.
One came broken, others were very weak. Would be sufficient for collar only, if not moving around.
That don't work that gud
This speaker has served me well, I use it at work everyday. After a year and two months of use, one of the speakers are failing. It sounds fuzzy and distorted when the base comes in. Of course this happens after the warranty ends :(
The case is nice. The screen protector renders the touch screen inoperable and could stand to be a sliver smaller both ways.
I can hear people pretty good through the headphones but the people I call can't hear me too well. They say I sound muffled.
Does the trick but it doesn't always fast charge. Sometimes I have to remove it from the phone and replug several times to get it to pick up on the fast charge.
Unable to hear with head sets reached out to vendor
This speaker is very loud and clear but lack of bass make me return it. I end up buying the Beast XL which is loud and clear with bass, much happier with that purchase.
I bought this with the mounting pole. In hopes the rotor would help me dial in signals, since I'm in a valley and TV is hard to get. First off, it came to me as a USED/RETURNED item. NOT new as advertised. The mounting pole didn't come with it, that I paid for!! So, after a call to Amazon customer service. Nothing was addressed to the fact the antenna was used, and didn't work at first. But I figured that out as being the cable supplied was no good. So, I put my own cable on it and it rotates now. Now the mounting pole. What a fiasco that was, just to get the operator to understand I PAID FOR THE POLE when I made my purchase. After almost an hour on the phone, I finally got him to send me the pole "Free of charge" Umm I paid for it!! It took 2 days to get the antenna. It took an additional week to receive the mounting pole. As far as an improved signal. Yeah, not so much. If anything, I get less channels now. And if you don't have it mounted where you can see it, you don't know where it's pointing. In other words. I'm still looking for a new antenna. Maybe in a different area, this antenna will work great? But in my area, it didn't make an improvement. Good luck
I bought a box of ten batteries to use in two sensors. Each requires two batteries. I had to insert all ten, before I could find four that worked.
It works but it is a little bright with the back light and you can't see it in the dark without it on.
Fits my 32" Vizio TV fine. Can't see the mount from the front, which is why I ordered this one.. Easy to assemble. Only problem is the mounting hardware. I needed 4mm screws and the smallest included was 5mm. The drywall anchors are useless. Trip to the hardware store and $4.00 fixed both.
Broke after ten minutes.
Bought this item to use to jump start my 2015 Kenworth on cold winter days using the new Jump start app just released for IOS. The cable is plenty long but I was unable to get enough power to get the old girl to crank over. My Iphone battery was only at around 75% though so it may have been my fault. also, My battery cables are colored red and black not red and white but I figured out the polarity easily by putting each end in my mouth and testing them prior to making the battery connection. FYI the red is negative!
This product works, however, it didn't work as well as I had hoped. I wanted to use this converter to connect from my older Sony VCR combo to my Sony Home Theater, which would then transfer the signal to my new Samsung TV. When I connected the HDMI cable to the Home Theater, I got a black box in the middle of the TV screen and no one seems to know why. I then connected the VCR to Mini Composite to the HDMI connector on the TV and it worked without a black box in the middle of the screen. The picture is not real great, but you can watch a movie that is on VHS. I don't watch them often, but I hated throwing my collection away.
Not completely satisfied with product as connection with my iPhone is not always consistent.
The cases is ok. The rest not good Quality
Purchased these to replace my DOSS headphones since I broke one of the ears when folding. These look and sound nice, but definitely not as good as my old pair. They are also a little tight on my ears (they press on my glasses) which make it uncomfortable for long periods if time.
The noise cancellation does not work at all. Not sure why. Is there a fix?
While the price point is great for this item (the real apple cords are way more expensive) the stiffness of the wire makes the magnetic connection slip out very easily
These Double Sided Plastic Sleeves are very poor quality. While these are cheap, if you have the resources, go for something a little different. The sleeves are extremely thin and the openings were not perforated, at all. I had to remove every little piece of plastic in order to get the DVDs in. My desk was covered in little tiny pieces of plastic by the time I was finished.
Hard to keep in my ear.
It was pretty much a sticker stuck to the back of a black case! The first time it got rubbed against something the sticker got scraped. The same was hard to get off but I guess that good if you want your phone to be protected. The case it self was durable.
Kickstand broke a week after I bought it.
ONE OF 8 BATTERIES WERE DEFECTIVE. Discount was applied by Amazon
After much research and reading product reviews, I thought this turntable was the best for the money. I was very wrong! I was embarrassed to give it as a gift just to find out that the sound quality was very poor! I returned it.
Nice sound on this, but needs to be charged too often. Even with volume set to a moderate 30-40% range, needs to be re-charged after just a few hours of use.
Deceptive advertising. Will not mount 200 x 200 except on concrete wall, despite advertising that implies it will fit anything above 100 x 100. Wasting our time.
The rating on this battery is supposedly the same as the OEM battery. The OEM battery weighs 13 pounds and this replacement weighs 10.5 pounds. Have not done any load comparisons, just an observation.
The actual bar was good but the vesa portion was not strong enough. Used another clamp mount on the pole for extra durability. So they lose 2 stars.
Sound good , look good . But you cant see the blue backlight unless its completely dark . Save the time and money and get the non backlit ones
So, while it does have a decent range, it is not sensitive enough to allow my bluetooth connection to not drop if someone stands in front of the transmitter across the room. This is *precisely* the same behavior that my Amazon Basic bluetooth transmitter had. In fact, I cannot distinguish the difference between the quality of them. For most people, I think that one of the many cheaper bluetooth boxes would suffice.
Get confused in new York City
Product is reliable when conection to bt speakers
The device falls off my ears even if I've tried the different ear sizes that came w/the product, probably because of the weight of the device. I believe they need to redesign this product a lot better. I usually end up using my other devices instead of using this one.
motor stopped working in two days
Radio doesn't take AAA batteries as advertised.
Fell apart shortly after I got it.
Distorts horribly at about half volume, wish I could return but never got around to it. wouldn't recommend
I liked the function and options, What i didn't like are: low quality materials of remote control, need specific software in order to work, cant modify the darkness or size of magnifying or size of pointer
Gave this a three star rating because the “sticky” bottom is not very sticky at all. The issue is that when you grab your phone from the mount, the whole thing wants to come with it. So you have to use both of your hands; one to hold the phone mount down while the other pulls the phone from it. It would be nice if you could just use one hand to grab your phone and not have the whole thing move. I ended up getting double sided sticky tape to hold it in place, I'm happy now. I gave a three star rating because of the hassle this caused me. The suction cups work extremely well though! It also came with two cords, 1) usb to usb c and 2) a usb c to usb c. This was not mentioned in the details section.
I loved this speaker so so much it was amazing but the charger port just stopped working.
I love not having the cords, but a lot of times you have to smack it to get it working again. It's not the batteries, it just freezes at times- frustrating.
The reviews were very good for this bluetooth earbud, but I did not find this as good as I hoped it would be. The sound comes across great for you, but not the person you are calling. If you are only using it to listen to music, it would work fine. The first one I purchased stopped taking a charge and ZNT sent me a replacement. The second one connects fine just like the first one did, but still the person on the other end cannot hear you well.
I am actually returning this product. I took it on an international trip and used it on the airplane. It cut down on the airplane noise about 50%, and I was hoping for more as I have hard time sleeping on planes. I plugged it in to watch movies and d only got sound from one earpiece and it was better than the airplane supplied ear phones, but still not as clear as I would have liked.
While they had good audio quality, they aren't the most durable. Wireless charging stopped working after 2 days, then the pieces that hold the sound part (for lack of better words) started breaking after a couple weeks.
Looks nice but not very durable. It worked great for a couple of months of sporadic use and then developed a short in the wires which generates static. Like commonly happens to audio cables, it probably developed when I pulled it out one time. I didn't treat it with kid gloves, but I didn't really abuse it either. It is a common problem in cheap audio cables, but this happened quicker than usual.
I purchased a few of these as trial headsets since many models are so expensive. I loved this headset, but some of my employees did not. The mic adjusts up and down, but not in and out like some other models do. People with larger faces and bigger cheeks may not be able to wear this model; the mic fits too close to the face.
It fits my phone and the color matches the online photo but the color is rubbing off.
Came with the wrong charger. Ipod works good though so far.
not really any noticeable difference in reception as hoping
Usually love otterbox cases and this one is good but not like I had expected. Pain to get on, even more of a pain to get off. A bit of liquid has still management to get inside the case even with it on all the way. I have tried out not only the iPad case but also the iPhone case.
Doesn't support MP4 :( I can't think of a product in this modern era which has these format limitations. Product looks pretty good and the construction seems durable.
Rubber broke really quickly.
Ok, I looked at the size of this before I bought it... I wanted the bigger dresser size with bigger numbers.. They measure the bottom of the stand to the very top... then round it off.. The actual screen size is 3 1/2 x 1 inch... the numbers are 1 inch!! This is a lightweight dinky desk top at best.. For $20 I should of went to Wal-Mart and got the one I wanted. Because deception seems to be a THING with Amazon lately... Because it is a Sharp I assume it will last a little while... They need to start placing dollar bills next to product here.. This thing is smaller than my cell phone!!! So if THIS is what you're looking for.... buy one. The display is clear and bright..
Decent sound for the price. When no audio is playing, and it is turned off, it emits a static noise that becomes very annoying. The "3D" mode is virtually useless for I couldn't tell a difference when I turned it on and off.
Left channel audio plays through the left side, and vise versa. Other than that, the cable has the look and feel of a $7 replacement cable.
Not honestly very good. Uncomfortable. Disconnection Problems.
Yes it was inexpensive but I would have been happy to pay more for something that was easier to install. I spent the better part of a saturday trying to make the stock brackets work and then, after some level of frustration, throwing them out and fabricating my own. The screen quality is not very good and I lose visibility in glare. I'm not sure that a better quality unit would solve for the glare.
Work great for almost 2 yrs... It just died, but my son loved it he carried it every where
Has to be installed in very specific conditions and space constraints. Cool idea, just does not work with some mantles.
Memory card is corrupt but if i keep trying over and over eventually it will save.
worst then expected quality but at least they were cheap. they fold at the tip easily . bought a pack of 6 and in a week half of the dont work
We were only able to pick up 4 channels. We sent it back.
Its alright nothing special
I like the sound quality for the price, but 3 months of use later the casing is falling off.
So, overall, I am mildly satisfied with this product. The overall comfort of the mouse is good. It has relieved the strain on my wrist, and I also bought one for my wife, whom has carpal tunnel. I'm saddened by the lack of WIN 10 support. The software for customizing the lights, and programming the buttons is not compatible with Windows 10, and no amount of fiddling with compatibility setting will make the software install work. Even the Windows 10 program troubleshooter comes up with an answer of "Program incompatible - Not Fixed" as an answer. If you are looking for a mouse to relieve strain on your wrist, this is a decent mouse. If you want to customize the lights, and program the key bindings for gaming... Look elsewhere.
This is a fine cable along the lines of all the other mega thick cables out there. The trouble is, thicker jackets do not equate to higher quality. Thinner jackets work just as well and are much less aggravating to work with. The thick jacket and heavy duty plug prevent this cable from fitting into the pocket in the back of my Vizio M Series TV or next to any other HDMI cable in an adjacent socket on my Sony ES receiver. Here is the naked truth about HDMI cables: they either work or they don't, and there is no such thing as a premium passive cable. There are only 3 possible outcomes with any given HDMI cable: 1. Does not work 2. Works with artifacts (random white dots) 3. Works If your outcome is 1 or 2, your equipment does not like the cable, or you need an active cable for a long run. If your outcome is 3, you are good to go. There is no higher quality level than "works," considering the error-corrected digital nature of how HDMI signals are transmitted. That is a long-winded explanation of why this cable is unnecessarily thick. Thicker absolutely does not mean more "premium" -- just more difficult to use. Or, in my case, impossible to use. The last 2 Amazon Basics HDMI cables I purchased were a normal thickness with a normal sized connector, and they worked great. C'mon, Amazon! Withdraw from the thick cable wars!
I like it, I'm using it. The remote kinda sticks within the case at times - like it's too snug. It is functional though! Looks good too!
It is a really cool concept, and has really nice sound. It however isn't easy to get to levitate. I will keep it because i am a glutton for punishment and will conquer it
Seems like nice quality, nice packaging, hopefully it will work when needed...
I like them when they're in one piece but they don't stay in one piece very long. They don't seem to survive entering and exiting the ears,. The 3 stars is basically a generous appreciation of the comfort and sound quality of memory foam. The product itself needs more durability.
The earphones stay in my ear very well using the large memory foam earplugs. The sound quality and battery life are good, and the product is simple and easy to use. This is my second pair, as the first stopped working after about a year when the right earphone stopped producing sound. I use these everyday running, and I'm hoping this pair will last a bit longer.
Its ok. Just a bit flimsy, but still satisfied with it
This is second pair the buds are great but charger base has gone out twice now
Worked but loose fit and would not work in certain positions
I bought this product as a replacement for my VIZIO remote control. Like advertised, you can use this remote control straight out of package, saving you the hassle to deal with pairing your device to the control. However, the signal is a hit or miss. Sometimes I was able to control my TV with just a single press of the button, other times I had to repeatedly press the button several times before the TV recognized the signal. But since I bought this for an older TV model and there are not that many remote controls for this particular model on the market currently, I find having a replacement is better than none. Overall a solid 3-stars performance.
I love these earbuds. After 3 months of heavy use the microphone stopped working and two days after the earbuds themselves started cutting out. I would recommend these, maybe I just got a bad pair. I wouldn't buy a second time just because I'm a first-time experience.
They're good for cheap headphones
When it's loud enough to rock it just doesn't soind that good. When you get over it and realize it's just a small, portable speaker it's time to charge the battery. It gives me about 3 ½ hours of life ising bluetooth at 80% volume. Pretty disappointing.
Only half are currently recharging after one year.
Had to add glue to the earbud case and the barrel connector and the casing kept slipping off. Other than that, the speakers still work after 2 years of daily use! These sound great for the price! If you need audiophile grade earbuds, look elsewhere. These are great for the money as daily drivers at work.
The remote looks identical to the factory remote, but does not work with the sound on my tv, and does not work with my Fios cable box like the factory one did...If I had to do it over again, I would have bought the factory replacement
Packaging said 4-Hour battery life only last one and a half hours on a charge
I use these headphones for my tv so my husband can watch tv while our newborn sleeps in our room. I like them, its they are fairly comfortable, and they work well. It is a little annoying though that I have to plug the base in to the back of the tv each time I want to use them and take it out if we want to both listen to the tv. And at times the sound goes in and out.
Doesn't last very long before one side gives out.
Product is not what I thought it to be. Want to return...forward details to do this.
These were a Christmas present for our daughter. They lasted 4 month before the sound died. There is no visible cable damage and they were not dropped or physically damaged at all. I'm disappointed as these are the most comfortable kid size headphones I've tried. Will be requesting replacements!
My only issues I have noticed with my headphones are that after fully charging them if I don't use them for a few days the charge goes down to about 60%. Is this normal or is the device faulty? Also my left side tends to drop out for a few seconds while listening to music. Is this a blue tooth problem or the device?
Ear buds are acceptable. What was not good was indicating that they were available and ready to ship, but then not having them available and ready to ship until much later.
I started using this in Sept and it fits well. Seems to protect my phone well. There are raised areas for rhe buttons and they respond well. The design is nice but not quite as pretty as the pictures. Around the edges of the case the design color is rubbing off reveling the black case under. Kinda disappointing for the price. Thanks
Power supply does work but the cord is so short its not ideal for much.
Broken in shipment, did not notice until I needed to change.
Did not fit either the earbuds or my ears very well.
Good speaker, easy to use, but it isn't as loud as I wanted.
Earbuds not spongy and comfy. Sound comes out ok but not sound proof. Would not recommend for ppl that need it to block out noise. Works best in quiet setting but hey didn't spend a fortune on it so it s ok.
They are cool lights they are just much softer then I had expected. I had expected them to be much brighter.
Its done an ok job since I bought it. Today it started acting like power was cutting out and wouldn't switch back to the mains. So I unhooked it to check the battery.. Then I found the other reviews about the Torx security bit (Its a T10 security bit) and the "non standard battery". I got it open and found the battery had started to fail and leak. Going to try to figure out a replacement battery for it.
This was great but it didn't include the tri point screw driver or a seal/adhesive for around the screen. This seal makes the iPhone 7+ waterproof so if you destroy it when you open it (which will probably happen) then your phone won't be waterproof anymore. And it's not something that I'd chance after opening the phone up. So buy a screen adhesive when you get this and a tri tip screw driver. Other than that the battery is good and fits.
Bought these for work. Might try another brand.
The volume control doesn't work correctly. I have to play with the control to get any volume, then it will go to full volume, or drop off completely.
I found broken glass in the zipped up carrying case on the microphone. I need to test it more, but it seems ok. I will update this as I test further and improve the rating if the microphone is performing well. There was other unidentified shredded stuff in the product box. I don't see any damage on the mic, but still, it is a bit concerning.
NOWAY TO HOOK it On to ANYTHING.SO SENDING BACK.
Just got these. They look completely different from what the pictures show. They work good but they look nothing like the pics
One of the earpieces did not worked at all, item was return
This sometimes randomly glitches on me, and always turns the DVD player on when I switch past it. But it kept me from running new cables through the wall.
Now I'll give these the benefit of doubt, maybe these were faulty, but they sounded terrible, if what i heard was the intended sound then, these aren't for me. They sound too strange, like the sounds don't mesh well almost as if some frequencies were missing the treble is too much though. Other than that i really like the look of these, however i don't want to go through the reordering process, so I'll just return them, the search continues.
Good sound quality, broke very easily in the spot where everybody else is finding problems with it.
I had to stop using these when tiny flakes of vinyl started falling on EVERYTHING. My clothes, my hair, on my face, etc. Who knows if I've ingested a flake or two as well. Anyway, great sound, but since there are no ear cup replacements anywhere, I went with a Sony 7506 since they do have replacement pads. I thought JVC was known for their modest but great quality.
If you're looking for high quality and loud volumes, look elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, the sound is not bad, but I expected a bit more for the price. I suspect you can get the same quality from a cheaper product. With that said, the setup is easy and everything that should connect to the speaker does in fact connect with no problems.
I had a different pair of over the ear earphones and they were comfy. After a while these hurt the tops of my ears. The noise cancellation seems good as I have to pull one off to hear people talking to me. The bluetooth pairs well but starts off SUPER LOUD so each time I have to remember to turn it down before playing anything. Took me a little bit to figure out how to charge them (charger not included) and I mostly listened with the cord for the first while. I don't know how long the battery lasts as I haven't timed it but it seems okay.
Does not perform as well as the other antenna I purchased. Multiple scanning only provided just a few channels clearly no matter where it was placed. I live within 30 miles of stations in large metro area. My Mohu Leaf is awesome. Both are used in adjoining rooms close to windows on the top floor so I do not have any outside obstructions. Should have stuck with the Mohu Leaf.
It is certainly better than no remote. The only negative I've found is that it is constantly very easy to hold the remote in the opposite direction because of it having the same feel on the hand. So if you are changing the volume or channel without looking where the remote is facing, you may be pressing the opposite of what you intended to press.
I saw the configuration of the plugs and thought it could handle oversize plugs as well as regular plugs. It can do this but oversize plugs will block other outlets. Seems they could have been spread out more and make all the outlets usable.
Sound is amazing but the volume button doesn't work...
Button was scuffed and not put on strait when it came.......
Very cute and she loved them but not even 20 minutes of wearing them one of the ear pads fell off. Not a happy mom or little girl!
Excellent sound quality, great quality carrying case, fairly comfortable though they had to be taken off periodically after several hours. The headphones were purchased primarily for noise cancelling on an international flight. Unfortunately the noise cancellation was minimal. It is possible that was influenced by position on the plane but they did little to reduce engine noise on a long international flight to and from so so I returned them despite my hope that they would be worthwhile for that purpose. .
I can't hear them over the gym speakers...
Gets super hot but does charge my laptop, just nervous it's going to damage my laptop or something worse... Also I've gently used it and it has a short.... It got super hot before the short as well...
Battery life is good but I felt as sound goes low if it plays long hours
A little cheap on the exterior, but it is ok.
Didnt produce enough power to move clock hands
Works well. Worth their price
It is bulky but these amplifiers can be it depends on ones expectations. It worked as it was supposed to and had good quality
It's okay, I mean I put all of my wires through but it gets kind of messy when you have cords that have different lengths. Also the design in itself is rather bulky which didn't seem to be the case from the photos
They are comfortable but the sound is subpar. Decent enough microphone. Really wish they didn't sound like cheap plastic toys. There are worse out there but if you're expecting great audio quality, these are a nope.
Noise interference from cell phone and heat were too big of a problem.
Need a better way of shipping as they came all bent out of shape. happy with the product once I flattened them out.
I love these characters but these are literally a cheap bendable wire in I quick plastic/silicon mold. Some of them already had wires poking out when they arrived.
I bought this headset in December 2018 as a part of gift for my son's birthday. This week left side almost stopped working (it produces some sound that I barely hear). I am very disappointed!
Should have been only couple dollars so... hope it will hold log enough to compensate for the price paid.
I loved the battery and I have a 2 cell Floureon battery that works great and never had problems so I bought a 3 cell and it worked great for about 3 month then one day it completely quit working. Very happy with my battery when it works
While the picture is great I am mainly commenting on the set up. The spring tension edge is extremely difficult to pull tight with one person...also some of the directions are slightly misleading.
6 out of the 8 that I ordered worked properly. One was shorted internally, the other intermittently. Very difficult to deal with when you are putting together a large, multi-drop system. Buy cheap, get cheap. Probably little to no quality control in this supply chain.
Good product but not that durable
Too many batteries that I didn't need. All the batteries I used work great. No dead batteries so far.
These headphones are absolutely not new and not noise cancelling. They arrived all scratched up. The sound seems ok and the fit is comfortable. No problem getting Bluetooth working.
I really wanted to like these headphones, but they just didn't work for me. I don't notice much of a difference with the noise cancelling on or off, and audio isn't contained well - it can be heard whether you have them on your ears or on your desk. I have to have my music on very low volume to avoid it being disruptive in the office. It's just like having weak speakers on your ears.
[Update: they refunded me promptly given the charger stopped working. So I'm adding a star. So if your battery ends up not working, good to know you'll get a quick refund.] Port stopped working after a month, only charges or plays music 50% of the time or less
Ok for the price, you cant adjust the level of its is slightly off level. The level included is worthless
Connection/reception cuts out a lot... especially when I am exercising.
i like the product, use it all the time. However, i have lost all 3 silicone earbuds, and have no contact information to be able to purchase replacement earbuds.
Great product, amazing sound... but all I get over ANY usb a to c cable is muffled garbled nonsense. Will update to 5 stars if I can figure it out. Can use it with anything else, including micro, but usb C for my phone even with adapters or special cables... none work. Even tried female to female connector with the Samsung stock cable and no luck either.
Connecting both the audio jack and the charger input will cause a static noise through the speakers or headphones. Hard to ignore. Connecting one at a time, however, works just fine for either purpose.
One of the 10 sets had no ear buds and the speakers were falling out of the housing. For the price, I guess 90% is expected.
They get the job done. They are slightly smaller and not nearly as comfortable as the stock ear pads, but they are better than no pads at all. If I have to replace them again I will look elsewhere.
A versatile device providing radio flashlight and multiple charging options for use when there is a loss of power.
I cut the cord from cable and wanted to be able to access local news. For that, I generally get what I wanted. The quality varies on a daily basis, but I would still recommend if your needs are minimal.
Great looking item but not stain proof, beware. Some lotion fell on it the first day and now it has an oil like stain.
Not long enough easily brake
Got it for ride-share riders
i had this mouse for about two years now, it was sturdy, it had interchangeable weights in the bottom of it, it even changed colors and let you choose which one you wanted out of like 6 colors. but after awhile I noticed something odd. the mouse would glitch out on me and whenever I would left click like anyone normally would it would go back a page randomly. I've tried to see if I could make it do it myself but it seemed entirely random. perhaps it was just a programming error but when I was working on something important having all of my hard work erased due too a faulty mouse really pissed me off. buy it for the price and led but if anything that's about it.
My main gripe is that the volume buttons aren't easy to press if you're wearing gloves or if they're in you pants. Looks nice tho
The signal is hit and miss even with new batteries. Not very reliable.
My daughter used these to listen to music while working. Sound quality was ok
The case didn't do a good job of protecting the phone. The kickstand was flimsy and broke off after a few short weeks. The bottom part of the case that encloses the phone near the charging port broke and it was difficult to plug it in. It didn't last very long and I had to replace it with a more sturdy and durable case with a better kickstand, the YOUMAKER Galaxy S9 Case, Heavy Duty Protection Kickstand with Built-in Screen Protector.
Battery wasn't the same brand as in seller ad.Didnt have the Expert Power logo brand.Hopefully it will perform well.
Just tried it inside and could get local channels. Maybe outside would be better.
I hooked it up to my tv can not be controlled by the tv remote. The sound is good
Good earphones sound-wise but they died just around six months after I got them.
Great for audiobooks but not for music if you like bass. Ok for the price.
Only 5 hours of constant play.
These sound alright. Nothing that great. Bass is decent without being too muddy. Highs are alright. Construction is a C+. Really I think you can do better for the price. At this point I feel like I'm just paying for the Polk name.
I bought this speaker for the boathouse. I love to listen to podcasts and fish. I get louder sound out of my samsung s9. Thought it wasn't fully charged yesterday, but I know it's charged now and still not very loud. The bluetooth in my car is broken, so maybe it will be okay for that. Love the look and the quality feel--so I'll keep it.
Works great for exactly 1 year and then the battery stopped charging.
Works ok for the price
Only giving it three stars because the charger works fine, but I put a screen protector on 3 days ago and it's already cracked. I don't do anything ridiculously rough to my watch but it shouldn't crack after three days.
Bought as a gift. They seem to be difficult to get both to work together. They are a poor replacement for the old goNovate earbuds that I have been using with no problems for a year. In addition, they are horrible when using the phone. I can't understand a single word she says when she calls me with these. We have had these for a few weeks and already we can tell the quality is absolute crap compared to the old gonovate. So disappointing.
Serves its purpose but not very well made.
The sound quality and noise cancellation are very good. However the headphones are very flimsy, made of cheap plastic, dull colors, too big and bulky. I have the silver and they do not look good at all. Terrible design with the control function that's located inside the right ear padding. It's very sensitive and if you don't swipe perfectly in the correct direction it ends up skipping songs or activating the Google Assistant. It's very aggravating. In order to change the volume you have to continually swipe either up or down. And there's a slight pause between each swipe which makes it take extra long if you're in a hurry to switch up or down the volume. These headphones are definitely not worth the expensive price tag! I will be going back to Bose!
It's an attractive alarm clock and the sound is decent. The settings are extremely frustrating to work through. I was tempted to send back, but it wasn't worth the hassle. You can get more product for less.
i don't like the rubber piece that goes into the ear. They also don't really stay in my ears like I thought they would. They sound pretty good though.
They were very nice looking. I purchased based on the features and reviews. My reason for return was they would not fully charge.
It works but it sometimes just disconnects from the iPad and has to be reset.
The box was a bit scratched up, and was missing the angle adapters. Been really good cables otherwise.
I read the many positive reviews and decided that this was the speaker for me. I read that it didn't get as loud as the others, but the sound was most accurate. Well, I may have gotten a bum copy. Music sounded fine, but when I listened to a person speaking, there was an annoying buzz. I would hold the speaker down over the midrange, and try to reduce the buzz, but it was still annoying. I wouldn't even play it that loud, just loud enough so I could hear it in my car. I tried several sources-- audio books, podcasts, etc, and they all brought that buzz. I finally decided to return the speaker, and amazon respected my wishes and sent me a refund, so I appreciated that. I would have been fine if the speaker had cost like $20, but it was over $180 for me, including tax. So I expected something a little better.
It's not as good as the one that comes with the TV but it works. You have to point it right at the sensor or it won't work at all. If you're at the side it won't catch it.
The product arrived in a crushed box. The jar of cherries was leaking. The syrup was in tact.
My order is missing one of the smaller replacement ear silicone covers. Really bummed out because the smallest size fits me best. Now I have uneven sized earbuds. Hopefully I can get a replacement.
Great design, sound quality, and mic for its price. The noise cancellation is also decent. But the reason why it went down from 5-2 stars is the comfortability, at least for me. It was not all comfortable as it was too tight and made my ears hot.
first time worked fine but after one year worked worst.
You your not moving your TV this will more than hold it on your wall
These work great and are comfortable, but be aware that they are made of cheap plastic. I've only had them for three months. I just went to put them on and snapped one side right off the headband. I'm not a particularly clumsy or strong woman.
Great price. Left speaker was blown\buzzy. Location on headband doesn't really match my ears, maybe this product is for large heads.
sent it back for the 120 model. Sound quality not good
It worked ok. It says that it can run a hair drier but the hair drier ran very slow. It doesn't have enough power to run a hair drier. It did work very good to charge our phones.
Corner of the acrylic came cracked. Will update review once I have a chance to test the output.
I got these because of their size. i have small ears , so they're perfect. Though their size was spot on, their sound quality is TERRIBLE. The sound is muffled. It sounds like I'm listening to music through a door. Also, when I adjust the volume, the ear buds freak out. They go really high and basically screech in my ears (which doesn't feel super awesome). The price on these is awesome but I'm thinking I'm going to return them and go with a more expensive pair from a brand I can trust.
Not worth the money sounds tinny.
It made my camera work, but the materials are inferior to the original.
The case is okay, the mesh pocket inside is useless.
The case is easy enough to install. The screen protector is not. It has a blacked out border for some reason. If you don't line it up perfectly it may obscure your front camera. The touch screen is also less responsive to your touch, especially around the edges. I would recommend purchasing a screen protector from someone else.
The bolts are not long enough for the 50” Samsung UHD 4k. Will update the review once I find long enough bolts to mount up to the tv. Or if the company sends longer bolts.
wire connection started getting static-y after 2 months. Bluetooth is easily disturbed or interfered and can get pretty annoying.
I like these but the left side didn't work ,after 3 days I want a replacement but can't seem to get a response
The case is great. But the picture here looks like it's Rose gold. My wife returned hers that I gave her for her Birthday. It was too pink. Its says pink but don't be fooled by the picture. It is pink!
I was excited after purchasing my Beats solo 3 wireless headphones . But l am very disappointed that after one year they broke, and l was looking for a top quality product , so the right speaker had not sound...l took it to best buy and they told me and it was no way to fix it . After spending a lot of money it breaks down it less than 2 years.
I can hear people well but people sometimes have a difficult tone hearing me.
Pros: Decent radio. GPS is great. DVD player is flawless. 32 gb SD card reader is an awesome addition. BT works. Cons: Time stays in 24 hr format no matter what you do. Radio stations overlap each other depending on your proximity to the towers. Some added bonuses are not really needed. For example, who needs a calculator on their radio? And what are these games? Back up camera works but would be better if it was a license plate mounted camera. Adding your own wallpaper does not seem to work. Would give it 5 stars if the creators were to introduce a firmware update to fix all the minor bugs.
Only work about 1/3 of the time.
This case fits well, however I have my doubts about the quality of the silicone. Most silicone products don't have a strong odor. This one has a very strong odor. It does fade after a day, but you can definitely still smell it. I'm wondering if it's safe to use.
After a few months they started disconnecting randomly. Support says to download a firmware update, but to do that you need the SN. Guess what? I didn't keep the original packaging. Says the number should be on the cord between the earphones, but must have been printed and worn off because it's nowhere to be found. So my earphones are basically worthless now.
Last two purchases from this supplier the jewel cases were not wrapped in clear protective cover and were laying loose in box. One to two cases in both purchases had scratches or cracks. . . I tossed the damaged ones in the trash. I go through a lot of these so I think I'll look for another supplier on future purchases.
I thought this case was black with red corners, for my husband's phone. When I received it I found it to be clear with pink corners. Good thing it matches my coral iPhone XR! I also like to put stickers or photos between the case and phone.
The often-used Fast-Forward button for zipping 30 seconds ahead while watching programs on the DVR only works 10% of the time. Considering asking for a replacement. Other than that, the programming and user interface is awesome.
Great price and worked perfectly... for about 3 months. Then the holes on the band wore out and it became easy for the band to fall off.
It worked for about a year and a half and then one channel went out. Had to upgrade to a different model.
The product mostly does what is intended to do, and gives you a clean, cable-free, look to your entertainment system. However, the provided outlet is useless. It has only push-in type connectors (back wiring) and they are too small for 12/2 electrical wire. Fortunately, I had an extra outlet available that had the screw terminals (side wiring) and used that.
music dvds sound an 8 on one to ten performance is over hyped
Won't charge completely even the first time charging them, light never turned green on charger even after charging for 15 hours. [UPDATE: Customer service was responsive and replacements came promptly, though I did ended up having to get regular non-rechargeable AA's during the wait at a local store because I needed some right away. I guess I was just unlucky to get a bad batch.]
I tried it out with my iPhone 7plus but the device kept saying that the accessory is not compatible.
3 arrived with broken hinges.
My daughter who is 7 complained they are uncomfortable. Maybe it is bc they are too big? Not sure but we are going to buy her some other brand.
The wire pulls and feels off balance. Not comfortable.
Great price but one of the cables was defective.
Easy to break if accidentally dropped... Easy to connect and pretty simple to use.
A little slow on the up and down. I would of liked a better wiring harness.
They're acceptable if you don't mind having to tape your plug connectors together, because otherwise the plug will fall out. Buy the more expensive orange ones, I've never had them self-disconnect.
Not as loud as expected. We wanted to use this at the ballpark however this is not loud enough. Wonderful for small enclosed areas but not good for large outdoor areas.
You really do get what you pay for... its been 4 months and this remote is officially dead.. I had to tape it a couple of times. The touch pad does not work. The cable itself is a joke, real thin and easy to pull from the remote.
Decent quality. Not the quality of Anker, but priced well and works with iPhone X.
Please provide the $50 credit to my amazon account. First, they look good and I like the case they come with. I was happy with the sound, they have good bass and clear. The fit isn't great. I like the buds that have the clip that fit in the crevice of your ear. These fall out after moving and sweating. A part of my workout included making sure that they were still inside my ears. Phone calls are not happening with these. During my calls, I could hear fine. However, the person on the other end had a very difficult time hearing me. It was easier to hold the phone to my ear.
I haven't used the product but it looks nice
They are all right but I prefer the original remote for the TV
Updated 3 star:. After thinking about this thing for awhile... I decided to try plugging in my laptop and streaming something with it. It works perfectly. My thoughts... The device cannot handle the heat from the Roku stick. It does get crazy hot. I am going to try to use our other Roku (box) and see if it works ok. Original 1 star review: This thing is a pain. Constantly losing the video until you get the cables (both ends) wiggled to a position it likes. We have successfully used our Roku in multiple TVs and locations without this device.... so not our Roku or the TVs. I even purchased new cables thinking that was the problem... nope. The box feels very lightweight and cheap.
Not the best, but works.
Fits loosely and shipment arrived late.
Plug do not stay close enough in ear to get the full sound of the music
I bought it for my son for kindergarten. Very good material quality, on the whole excellent impressions. Until you turn them on. Simply disgusting quality of music reproduction. But for the voice it will probably be fine. In general, the impression is okay.
This clock is great for the price, I especially like how the text is white instead of a traditional red. However, the plug to it is rather cheap. It comes with a micro USB instead of a normal plug. It also doesn't come with an adapter.
Sound quality is great but the fit is not weighted enough so it slides around your neck. Would be great if that feature was improved
The system didn't sound clear.
As mentioned by other reviewers, the batteries just fall out of this charger. As of this writing, the Amazon photo of the item (the bottom photo) shows a USB cord included with the charger, which would allow you to lay the charger flat when charging. It does NOT come with a USB cord, nor is there anyway of attaching a USB cord. You have to plug it into a wall socket, and doing so, and keeping the batteries in place is an exercise in frustration. THEY JUST FALL OUT! My advice is to buy another brand that actually works. I will need to return this item to Amazon, I can't stand the frustration. UPDATE: Okay, I have increased my rating from 1 to 3 stars. The charger is junk, but I think that the batteries are pretty darn good, and at a real good price. If you are looking for a charger, this is not a great choice, but if you need batteries, these are pretty good! PS - I've decided to keep it after all!
The sound quality is very nice. I use these to mix and found them comfortable but one issue I've been having is the left earpiece will go out for no reason and then the right earpiece will start to fade out to nothing. I would love to get a replacement pair because while I do love these earphones the inconsistencies are very frustrating.
Not bad but the glass came broken
This speaker just comes down to personal preference and it is a okay, decent speaker. But for the money and better sound quality, better bass, durability, fantastic battery life go get the Tribit X-Boom, you won't be disappointed.
I loved these at first, but now I'm having problems with the bluetooth connection. If I get more than 3 feet away the sound cuts in and out. Very frustrating when the description says up to 33 feet.
The battery lasts for about an our and must be plugged in. The sound is very good but the shuffle feature is confusing. The touch screen takes a while to learn. Over all I probably would not buy another.
Along with the Sonos 1, I own an Amazon Echo. I was really surprised and impressed with the sound quality of the Echo, but I wanted to add additional Alexa capabilities to multiple rooms, thus assumed the Sonos would be an upgrade. Unfortunately, the sound differential doesn't justify the additional cost of the Sonos. I'm about best bang for buck...the Echo's sound performance is just a notch under the Sonos, and for $85, the Echo is much easier on the wallet.
If you want your Kindle to last unplug it from the wall and not the port. It's a known problem to Amazon, as I've had 3 in 3 years port failure issues.
It has an okay sound since even when I adjust the base and treble still sounds deep and not clear. It won't stay on my ears, keeps falling off and the ear plugs are too big even wearing the smallest one the provided.
Not powerful enough to power HP 360 G2 without cutting out once every minute or two for a second or so. But computer is charging, guess that is the main thing
The product was delivered in a timely fashion and actually arrived sooner than I had anticipated. This particular wire itself is probably not something I would purchase again due to the brittleness of the wire. Twisting the wire to ready it for installment into the speaker ports made lots of strands fall off. The outer jacket of the wire was soft and supple and made it easy to bend the wire around corners. Overall it was a good wire but not the best I have ever worked with.
At times, had problems interfacing
Cheap the top broke off but what hey they were 7$
Just meh. The signal quality is ok. Good, but not great.
This wire is not seperated like it shows and nor does it say it is. This is not what I wanted or ordered.
Didn't use, gave to a friend.
There is nothing wrong with this Stereo Receiver. It has tons of bells and whistles including state of the art surround sound. The sound quality is similar to other receivers which is very good. But there are things I don't like. Outside of a Bass booster feature you have no control over treble or bass. The only control knob on the receiver is one volume knob. Therefore you are a slave to the remote for doing everything else. This leads to my biggest complaint. You're giving your commands from your remote to a very small, very dim LED panel in the front of the receiver that is just about impossible to see. There are so many complicated features and commands this is a huge problem to me.
Hard to put the cords in, if you mess up first placement when putting them on it is impossible to readjust. It holds the cords well but you would really need back access for them to be used to full capability
This is not very intuitive. I got it for my 10 year old, and she definitely gets frustrated trying to figure out how to program it. I wish I had gotten something simpler. It works fine once it's set though.
This has enough charge to fully charge 2 phones at a time. The solar cell is does not produced enough to charge. 25% battery was left on the window still (that gets direct afternoon sun) for 2 days but the battery has not reached the 50% mark.
Not really what I thought it was gonna be. I wish the light came on gradually so it actually simulated a sunrise. It comes on 30 min before the alarm is set at full force and is kind of blinding at 6am.
I am little disappointed! I like the head phones a lot especially the color, however my charger stopped working unless I hold it at certain angle when charging, which really very inconvenient. One of the sponge on headphone kept coming off, I've been ignoring this but it's getting really hard for me to use this headphones. I wish they could have lasted little longer than a year. :(
This product is great, but we did run into an issue that I feel is important. I mounted a 55in TV. All in all, the product worked well and is sturdy. The problem that I experienced is tightening down the tilt knob was very difficult once we had the tv mounted. It seemed like the weight of the tv push the know in a very hard to tighten position. So the TV is up and it looks great, but it will tilt left or right super easy because I could not tighten down the knob. The price is great. The product is great too. The titled feature did cause me some heard ache.
it works very sell and easy to set up for alarms and clock, however, DO NOT GET THE BLUE- WHITE ONE IF IT FACES YOU WHILE YOU ARE SLEEPING!!!! I did this and kept waking up because it was so bright even with the dimmer mode on I had to put a cloth over the clock to get aq full nights sleep. After swapping with my mother who had the red one, i had no problems at all.
Works as expected. Arrived within delivery window.
It works in that it doesn't block boot up or use like the one I bought off eBay. However, the speed is moderately improved..
It ok but I will need to return it. The prongs do not remove so that you can you the extension cord. I did not realize that prior to my purchase.
Doesn't work well on the 1st Story (main level) of my house, but it works OK on my 2nd Story.
I received my earbuds today. I quickly charged them and paired them with my LG phone without any problems. They fit snugly and comfortably in my ears. The sound is very clear and is easily controlled by my cell phone. I played several songs from different artists and found that the earbuds have almost no bass in them. Drums sound flat and the bass guitar disappears from the music. I will keep the earbuds to use as a hands free system for my cell phone. I recommend that this set of earbuds be used for cell phone calls only and that a different headset be used for music.
Technically it works the way it should, synced easily. It does require a usb port on the console so i had to move some stuff which wasnt too big a deal. Why only 3 stars is that getting used to playing with that connected to your controller is tough. I used it mainly for Rocket League and it was kinda bulky and uncomfortable to play the game with. Maybe a better fit for less intense gaming.
Does not work on Shield TV. Horrible confusing broken English instructions.*****UPDATe - after repeated attempts at different USB ports on the shield and brand new batteries - this works as advertised. They could save their customers a lot of time by having decent, coherent directions and TS tips. Broken English and poor instructions a problem
The one headphone ended up not working after 30 days and it was no longer eligible to be returned! Also you can easily loose the rubber pieces that go inside your ear. It does not stay on securely. The battery life is decent for a Bluetooth headset. I can probably get a 4hr use out of it, Otherwise. I would've left more stars!
Well, it works, but it's not very comfortable. The band has elastic all the way around so it pinches your head. I don't have a big head, but I can't imagine any grown man would be able to use it. It's OK.
My daughter loves these but can only get around an hour and a half of charge out of them. Even less if the ears are on. All of the functions work well other than the battery life. The sound isn't the greatest compared to a lot of others we've all had, but it's passable. You can use them as standard wired headphones with the provided cable, but that's not really the point. They have a good connection range. Overall, if they don't stay charged, the good stuff doesn't matter as much.
I must give the seller a five star for their prompt response and utmost desire to satisfy their customer. Had issues with my first device and the seller sent me a brand new one without asking a question. But I'm a little disappointed after using the second device for more than 5 weeks. The device gives notification to format the SD card each time it is connected to power. I was re-inserting the SD card to tackle that issue. I was okay with that. I became more disappointed when I failed to play all the files on the device. It only played 3 out of 20 files but every file size is the same and also has the same file extension. Tried to play in my laptop using multiple multimedia apps but got the same result... "file format not supported." My question to the seller- If we can't play the recorded file then what's the point of using a dashcam? There is a third issue that I'm having now since the last couple of days- it is restarting by itself every now and then and starts to record.
Headphones are great, made for small children
The cord is very thick and not pliable. I use in the basement as a back-up and had to buy a different one fir my desk
Haven't used it enough to have a higher rating.
Didn't fit all my media plugs because of large power adapters. Returned.
The headset was great when I first received it but after only 1 month it stopped working properly!!!!
Overall pretty good but the sound comes out quieter than other AUX cords.
The batteries on this do not last more than an hour.
I could not get the motor to work for rotation. It doesn't do anything other than local stations (within 20 miles). It's advisable to take any figures of distance with a grain of salt. Cut that figure in half and remember; no antenna can get past 70 miles unless you're on a mountain. You may get close to 70 miles with a big antenna.
Was not sure what to expect but wanted to try it out for a little boombox build for at work. I'll try it out tomorrow though highly doubt it will even be able to be heard over the fans. Meh worse case I can give it to a neighbor or use in garage. The product is not fantastic quality though I did not expect much seeing the name the product is promoted as was not Lepy, I received Lepy. The knobs roll smooth, inputs are clean, rca inputs are snug, no weird noises. The speakers in this build were purchased today at a local thrift shop. The sound quality is actually superb at a pleasantly low volume only.
Needed some modification for my purpose but worked out
Nice bass just didn't last one speaker went in 2 days and coil
It fits, it charges, it does what I bought it for.
Like it, but battery dies in 45 min to 1 hour. Unfortunately!!!! Other then that, for $20 it's absolutely worth it. I beat the crap out of it at the gym and I can handle well
I loved these headphones, the sound quality was great and they were VERY comfortable (they are much lighter-weight than they look) but unfortunately, the charging port only lasted me about 10 months. I charged them every few days and eventually I just could not get them to charge, even using multiple charging cords and wiggling it around to try to get it to connect. For the price, 10 months using every day is reasonable I suppose. I won't be buying them again and will opt for a pair that will hopefully last longer.
The grip alright made from hard plastic a bit troublesome to take off easy to put on. Grip 3/5 The charging dock was dead on arrival can't really say anything on that. Dock 1/5
I should have known by the price that the sound wasn't going to be that good, but it is a cheap speaker. For some people this might be good enough sound, but I wanted something better and ended up paying $10 more to get the doss box which looks and sounds a lot better than this. It worked ok, but the sound wasnt that great. If you can't afford $10 more than yes go for this but otherwise just invest your money into something a little more that is leaps better quality.
Did not like this case. It makes the iPad too bulky with the totally enclosed back. I guess if you want major protection it would be good, but I much prefer the simple magnetic flap that just covers the front. I didn't want to pay the totally inflated $35 for the simple flap cover, but after I tried this hard plastic case I changed my mind and bought the good one.
Hard to rate...these are batteries. Until I use them to see what kind of life they have, can't really give them 5 stars. However, I did get 24 batteries at a good price, so can't complain....yet!
This holster secures your weapon well enough, however, it is very hard to put on due to it's large size and not very comfortable to wear (at least not for a female).
Works like it says. Fast charge and durable.
Looking at the picture I know these things would not work if they were rigged up as shown... and in fact they do not. However I thought I could set them up properly (anchored to the VR cable instead of it running loosely through the carabiners). for 22.00 I was willing to take the gamble. The retract mechanisms (yo yo's). They feel pretty cheaply made but do function. I was intending to use just 1 or 2 to hold my cord up but found that they are very weak and I have to use 3 of them for my setup. I will keep the other 3 as spares in case these break. The cable its self is a very thin steel cable with a plastic coating on it. They are secured with little collets which have a grub screw that you can loosen up with an included tool ( one tool per yo yo) to make the loop smaller or shorten the pull out length which would likely increase the pull strength. These grub screws seem to really pinch the cable and I am worried about it fatiguing the cables causing a failure. Time will tell The sticky pad hooks... Total garbage, have another plan on how to secure the yo yo's to the wall or a fishing pole above you. These will looks god awful on your wall and they are really not the right design to hold the yo yo's and you will likely have problems with the yo yo's coming off the hooks if you actually use them The included carabiners are very low quality as well but get the job done. In conclusion I think the kit is a bit overpriced for what it is, but it is a good start at good cable management. I would have given 4 or 5 stars if a better means to connect the yo yo's to the wall had been devised and included as well as nicer wall hooks.
It worked well for about 2 months I believe, then i stopped getting audio in my astro a10 headphones and i concluded that it was because it was the mute switch that stopped working. so basically it broke on me. but when it worked it did good so buying this product is taking a chance
Sound is good but instructions to use this device is not up to par. In addition, L/R labeling of the earphones are difficult to see, as they use the same color as the earphone. Should have use either a raised or different color than the body of the earphone. The charge time is too low <5 hours. However, Bluetooth connection was OK; however, at times, the left earphone was difficult to connect. Comfort was OK but not sure if this is the right fit. For the price I paid for this device, I am OK with these deficiencies but wish they did not have them, as I would have rated higher.
So I want to love these. Nice small footprint. But the battery life is short. And they don't always recharge when they're returned to the case. I purchased based on reviews and am slightly disappointed.
My son got this for his birthday and said that it made tiny sparks when putting the lightning cable on, and while charging he could hear a sound, so he gave it to me. I have been using it for a while and I haven't seen any sparks but if there is no noise (almost impossible in my house 🤣) you can actually hear a very soft sound coming from it, I don't mind that, but it does not charge my iPhone as fast as my Apple iPad block so I use the block and my 2 younger children use this to charge an old iPad they use.
Liked this one so much I bought a new one two years later when I finally Broke it.
thick insulation, wire does not seen to be 14 awg
Earbuds resemble Apple earbuds which came with the iPhone. Sound is good with unfortunately static interference detracting from your listening pleasure.
Cheap quality cheap price. Broken within a week.
I had the previous version, lasted for years and still works. This one is just okay. I dont feel like the sound quality is as deep. Disappointed it stopped charging after only a month of barely any use. Over 30 days return for a new one and I had to send it in to Bose for repair. I don't like the thought of receiving a product that was already faulty and required repair within a month.
It's a little uncomfortable
My phone is a Samsung galaxy s9+. This one fits my phone well and works well for Android Auto. However, it seems to only charge it just enough to not lose charge. I have a 20-30 minute commute and don't notice any gain in charge, where I had a clear gain in charge over very brief periods before when I plugged directly into the same charger. If you're primarily looking for a charger, I can't recommend it. If you're looking for a way to get to Android Auto without losing existing battery life, this one will work for you.
Not the best made, but you get what you pay for. The one I recieved was obviously used and returned, got here fast and does what it needs to do but for how long is the question
Product is priced great and worked well until it died after 5 months. I would expect a little more life out of it... Update 7 Nov 19, seller shipped out a replacement free of charge. Good customer service.
I have mixed feelings about this clock, the quality control seems to be very poor. You may get lucky and get a working one but you most likely will not. When it came in the mail a couple of the lights didn't work so the day of the week didn't display correctly. I talked with the seller and they sent me a new one for free, but the backlight only works on half of the clock so at night you only see some of the display. Customer service was good enough they probably would have sent me a third but at that point you've got to assume it is just a cheap product. Overall it does the job I still use both because the time and temperature and humidity still display but wouldn't purchase another.
Didn't like it did it come with a buckle to hang on your pants. And not big enough to put earphones in.
I really like the product and works like I wanted it to but can you help me out cause I had my girlfriend help me mold them but now I have sores on inside of my ear and I was wondering what can I do to fix this issue. Maybe remold them .
The Qualcomm fast charging port. Too bit there's only 1.
This recorder has good sound but its about the size of the record...maybe a little smaller. It looks cheap in person. I think i could have bought one like it for 1/2 price around $50
Ordered this item so my brother in law could switch from his tv back and forth to his PlayStation 4 without having to unhook and re-hook everything back up. Was a great deal because it was more than half of what a similar item cost in the electronic stores. Came on time, we'll packed. Unfortunately, the item did not work how we needed it to so we returned it for refund.
The head band is cheap and flimsy and the ear cups aren't thick enough so my ear is constantly being pushed against hard plastic
I had this case for about 2 days before the part that connected the top to the bottom broke. It was a good case, just not good if you fidget with your case a lot
Not bad, but the remote reception is about average.. have to point directly to it. Get the wifi remote models... They're worth it (I have that one too)
These are pretty average cables. They look good, but it's honestly just a polyester woven tube, loosely containing what I assume is just run of the mill 14G speaker wire. I doubt I could have made my own for any cheaper than what these cost. They do the job and look decent doing it. I can't make any statements on sound quality as wire is pretty much wire.
Cheaply made. But it is cheap to buy.
my reception was weak from where I live.I;m to far away from TV stations to pick up a reception on some channels.
It is Christmas time, I purchased this item for my daughter's Christmas gift. It showed at my door with no packaging. Just the product box. Plastered all over it what the items was. Everything I have ordered from Amazon comes in a plain box. Now when it's something I do not want seen it comes in the product box? Since she now knows what her gift is it doesn't seem right to put it under the tree.
These worked great for my daughter....for about two months. Now they dont work at all on any device. Not what I expected for the price.
I didn't receive the headphones that was to come as part of the contents
I purchased because of its combined record player, CD, tape, and radio features. The packaging was good, easy to set up and easy to use. I played a record and was disappointed in the sound quality - no bass tones - did not do justice to my Crosby Stills and Nash record. However, for the price, it would be OK for someone who just wants to hear the melody. I returned it and will have to spend more and get separate components to get the sound I am looking for.
My music sounds like it's in a tunnel. The quality seems pretty cheap. I got these to replace other Akg headphones that came with my Samsung phone. The original ones were great. These are pretty bad.
it's cute but i don't think its toddler friendly, the wires should come from one side instead of both sides, it poses a potential strangulation hazard.
Nice came quick. Locked out couldn't do anything with it for days
Excellent sound on Bluetooth, but no optic input for smart TV, sound on TV not as good
The case says it fits generation 3 for the iPad but the charging ports were not the same for our generation 3 iPad. Case looked awesome but I had to send it back
Item was fantastic for one day. On the second day and thereafter the hands would loosen up and wouldn't hold the phone as tightly as before. Our phones would slip out from in between the hands after the first use.
It's a functional power strip and does what I need, however it seems the manufacturer has given up on the mounting brackets (that other reviewers seem to be having issues with). They didn't bother to include any at all, which is frustrating.
This unit had good sound and a nice, heavy attractive appearance. It sat about 1/4 inch off the table on a sound-dampening non-skid pad. It was seriously heavy for such a little speaker, which I tend to assume is correlated with quality. I bought it as a replacement for a more expensive HP bluetooth speaker, which I paired with my smartphone as a bedside clock radio. Unfortunately the TaoTronics speaker was programmed to shut itself off automatically, even when plugged in, so no way was it going to wake me in the morning. I ended up using it in my bathroom, where it worked fine for about 15 months until it abruptly quit working. Stone cold dead.
These are pretty dope they sound just like beats and the ear cuffs are really soft just two issues everything is plastic..... like everything.......... literally and the box isn't as advertised
It works as protection, but the thickness on top around the volume and channel buttons makes difficult to use it correctly.
Lost sound on one side after a few weeks of use
There was nothing wrong with this product, just not big enough to cover my ear like I was hoping for. For someone else it may be just fine just needed it to be a bit bigger..
Sound quality is great. Completely shuts off notifications on my phone and with earbuds in it makes static every time the phone screen is touched. Charging port cover broke off the very first time I opened it. I was compensated for my honest review.
The noise canceling wasn't as good as I thought it would be and the music wasn't as loud as I would've expected but also the app that come with it are very confusing
So the clock is cool and works well. I dont understand why you can't turn off the sounds, like you have to have SOMETHING going when the light comes on, either radio or like sleep sounds. anyway, thats lame. But the biggest disappointment here is the app. Fur Life. Which is such a strange name for an alarm clock app. So the app has all these cool functions like the ability to set multiple alarms and have them only happen on certain days. cool right? yeah. but the problem is the app is terrible. everytime you set it for tues/thursday or whatever you want, it defaults to EVERYDAY. all of them do that. What is the point in having the capability of setting different alarms for different days if every time you set it up it defaults back. the app is horrid.
My granddaughter LOVES this thing. I feel like I have a disco in the next room. She waved her hand over it and it's basically a light show all night long. Since I am clueless about all things technology except how to order crap on Amazon, I can't say if it's good or not. It has different nature alarm sounds so I guess that's good. I gave up trying to figure out how to operate it.
Hard to get the dot and charging cord in it and if you have a decorative outlet vs builders grade plastic it won't stay plugged in
Can't review properly because the no bark collar had no effect on the dog.
Really starting to question the quality and authenticity of things I am ordering on Amazon. At least when it comes to technical stuff. This speaker could not maintain a bluetooth connection. It sounded alright when it worked. I went to Best Buy and purchased the same speaker to see compare. The packing was different. In the Amazon box there were extra connecting power cables to accommodate different countries requirements and extra paperwork not in the box from Best Buy. The speaker from Best Buy works properly and sounds Great! I am returning the Amazon speaker tomorrow. I don't know if this thing is a knock off, or if it is an item that has been previously returned, but I am now uncomfortable with certain things on Amazon. I had a similar issue with a pair of B&O E8 earbuds I purchased here and also had to return.
My phone is not holding a good charge even with this new battery. I set it up just as directions called for. I'm usung battery saving settings on my phone. I still have to charge it twice a day, which is better than 6 times a day, I guess. Was just hoping for better.
I ordered this in white and it came in black.
The ones I got did not have USB ports on them. The picture showed they did. They work fine but I am disappointed these don't have USBs.
Doesn't cover as much space as they say it should, and also affects cells phone reception adversely.
I ordered two as gifts but just one was functioning 😡
Hold the earpods well but the top cover eventually just falls off. Ended up ripping cover off.
I bought this for the extra usb ports, but they do not supply enough power. Charging my phone through the usb port takes 3 extra hours to charge my phone fully than using an adapter with my charger.
Sound quality is good, the appearance is good
I'm sorry but it already broke after a day I don't know what happened but it just stopped working out of nowhere. I tried charging it and everything but it just stopped. It had a heart attack on me.
Some on the buttons stopped working within the first 30 days of using the controllers
You get what you pay for. These speakers are inexpensive and the sound produced is what you would expect from inexpensive speakers. Good for sounds and alerts from a PC but sub-optimal for music.
Overall its a good mounting bracket. The only issue we have is with the tilt design isn't smooth. The weight of our TV causes a bit more friction and it doesn't adjust easily due to weight. Once we got it positioned we tightened down and left it in place. It just took a lot of tries to get it there.
Came with no instructions! I have no clue how to use all the features! There are no logos or names anywhere on device so I can't even do an online lookup to figure out how to use. My son however is loving being able to figure out how everything works!
The sound is good but the headphones really pinched my ears.
Like a well-used 'hole' this little cozy thing now has trouble keeping my adapter in place. At this price point just buy a refurbished Apple original charger on ebay for just a little over double the price. This thing is kinda pointless. It's only good if you have both a old fat macbook and a retina macbook and you need to charge both without having to carry around 2 chargers.
Very good! Only reason I'm giving them 3 stars is because the right earbud stopped pairing only a month later and now doesn't work anymore so now I have to buy new headphones
Cables were just like the one that came with the phone. Works perfect for my new phone. Would have been a great value for my money except I only received 2 instead of 3.
I cannot give it more than three stars. Only holds a charge for about an hour and a half. And it is slightly warped so it does not fit very well. But kind of what you expect at such a low cost. Serves the purpose for now.
The size is great and has plenty of space for excess cables. Unfortunately mine came cracked at the bottom, but the rubber feet are preventing it from splitting more so I decided to keep it. Because of the crack the top cover is lose and cables that I did not zip tie together kept pushing the lid up, but after some cable managing the cover stays on and the box is hidden behind the TV where no sees it. Overall the product works as intended but am disappointed that there was some damage to mine.
Like the concept, but just too tight. The older design seemed more flexible/accomodating.
I like the wristband, comfortable and good quality, but I chose the leopard print and its not brown like the picture. Its mostly black and white with a small hint of tan, unfortunately. :( I would have given 5 stars if the actual wristband matched the picture coloring.
Much smaller than expected. Cheap looking.
Definitely not worth the money. These headphones are not much above the regular iphone headset. I have no idea what all the fuss is about. People have complained about "not having enough bass" but in fact there is an overabundance of low-end, making for a very messy bass sound. Thinking of returning them....
I read a lot of ratings and reviews before purchasing this item, but now I've returned it because it didn't meet my expectations. The flaws that are notable are the audio is muffled as is the microphone and people with whom I'm speaking complain they can't hear me. Also, the bottom area of the screen blocks the functionality of the bottom level of buttons and renders the swipe up useless. I've decided that I am trying to get too much function from one case so have decided to buy a case that is for every day use and a second case for waterproof functionality. There are those waterproof cases that are sort of like bags with the seal that are rated very, very high for waterproof.
Good stuff but doesn't last long ... it's easy ripped of if you are not gentle with your batteries
The own and off switch can't tell if it's on or off in
Fits fine, but does not glow in the dark at all, so don't buy it for glowing ADDED: MY DOGS CHEWED IT UP, HAS MAGNETS, TAKE THEM OUT, THEY DON'T HELP ANYWAY
Both are very pretty. In the wristlet, there is no zippered pocket for change and only 2 small slots for an ID or debit card. I planned to use it as a wallet that could be a wristlet easily pulled from a larger purse. It doesn't quite have the inner storage for that.
They are nice but the excessive bass got on my nerves. The highs suck I will say that and over long periods of wear would give me headaches. Also the padding gets hot and bothers the ears leaving them red after a few hours. Ended up using apple headphones again lol. I would suggest you go to bestbuy or an audiophile store to try them all out yourself. Don't be like me get something with balanced Highs and Bass.
Item works rarely well however the picture shows a cell phone being handle by charger. This is not correct, the charger is a square shape and you may place your phone on it. It doesn't have a cradle that actually holds your phone so it falls down.
Sound quality is great! It's a left ear bud but I wanted a right. It's advertised as right. The bud is HUGE and it hurts after a short time. I'll be sending it back unfortunately.
I really like being able to control my TV, sound bar, and Roku all from the same remote. Unfortunately the quality of this remote is pretty low. The button press feel compared to the original Roku remote is terrible. Sometimes buttons are completely unresponsive and have to press extremely hard to get a result. The buttons have a very loud "click" compared to the original Roku remote as well.
Have heard better sound quality from cheaper radios. AM reception is average. Having to wait 5 seconds after changing bands for reception to start is pathetic.
This speaker really sounds great, and is physically well made, but the chromecast feature is very finicky. I have another chromecast device and never have to mess with it, but this one is always seems to have some problem or other, forcing me to reset it to get it working again.
Nice, nice packaging, comfy, makes you sweat a bit more, helps to reduce my ears fatigue. I like them BUT... The reason of my 3 stars is because sound leaks a LOT. Listening my ATH M50x, bass leaks and for me having a reasonable bass is a MUST. It really leaks a lot. Maybe could be solved with some good eq. but the ones i've used didn't solve it.
Pause button has stopped working in just over three months. I really liked these but expected them to last a little longer!
I love the volume and noise control. But after having them for only a month, I already have a short in one of ears.
Originally, I really liked these batteries, but since my first review, I have had to change my mind on account of a few factors. Firstly, I bought these batteries for my Xbox One controller. They work well for this one, though I cannot use them in every other device on account of their large size, which seems to be rather normal for rechargeable batteries, though it is a good reason to dislike these a bit. After a while, I begun to realize that these batteries, for whatever reason, did not output as much power. Using them in the controller, or lights, or whatever evidenced that they were weaker than standard aa batteries. After a complete charge, they are on par, but it only takes 24 hrs, and they are weaker again. It appears that these batteries self-discharge incredibly quickly. This is disappointing because the batteries say "low self-discharge" on the package, and this is certainly not true. Using a device for measuring battery power, I can definitely say that a very sizable chunk of the power from a charge will have dissipated on the next day without even using the batteries. This all wouldn't be so bad, except that it makes it seem also like the batteries are more useful than they are. Originally, I thought very soon that I had already reimbursed myself for these batteries very quickly, but noticing that much of they power they deliver is subpar, and that much of the power is wasted simply through self-discharge, I can say that I probably haven't begun saving money yet by using these batteries. So, in conclusion, it's nice to get a charger and to have rechargeable batteries, but these batteries are sub-par when compared to alkaline lithium batteries, and they don't last as long. It will take quite some time before these will become profitable for the buyer. However, they are probably more eco friendly than buying AA batteries. Nevertheless, these are NOT low self-drain batteries.There may therefore be better options, especially because it takes forever for this charger to charge the self-discharging batteries.
Did not receive the hook that attaches flower to the car dash.
Decent one.. build quality is not that great..
Sounds good and more of a speaker to chill. Music sounds great just not very loud. I noticed immediately that the vibrations from the base in music causes it to move which could potentially make it fall off a flat surface.
This is a good antenna, but it did not give us many channels. It could be where we live. It has a nice clean appearance and mounts easily to any window. It also connects easily to the TV. The seller is great, but unfortunately this did not work well for us.
Good flexible Wire, but you only get 72 foot out of the Roll, no surprise I've ordered other speaker wire that they shorted as much as 60 feet especially on the 500 foot rolls. I have a 90 foot run I'm going to have to make soon, so I have to get two rolls to make sure I have enough. But I like the color coding that's why I'm buying again.
Received what was expected.. good value
I have purchased this exact same one and it only lasted 1 year. I'm hopeful that these will at least last 2 years. The problem I had was the left ear stopped working. That is the one I use the least. The right ear quit around 2 weeks later.
Seems to need to be re- paired to windows each time you turn it off. It is necessary to un pair and re-pair. Problems with remote. I can get volume up & down buy the mute button does not work.
Battery life is 2hrs tops. Functional but not great.
I have been using this at the gym for 2 months and have had no issues. The battery lasts 5 - 7 days with 90 to 120 minutes use each day. Update: These are dead after 1 year. They will not charge or power on. I changed my rating to three stars because of this as I expected them to last longer. They were always handled with care. They were great while they worked though. I probably would still recommend them with the caveat that they'll last about 15 months.
The recording pics up a lot, but the buttons jingle a bit and it's picked up by the mic...Also, the clicking of the start and stop can also be heard as an annoying *click*.
Not a great controller, I mostly use it to supplement my wireless, so it serves, but it's not very accurate across it's range of motion and the led light bar is blindingly bright, there are better controllers out there.
The clip jam is straight forward and easy to use, and the clip feature is great. However this mp3 player lasted 2 years and then just died one day...for no reason (did not drop, get wet, etc.). Had the same thing happen to my old clip jam but that one lasted me 5+ years. I guess build quality is not what it once was. I will be looking for a new mp3 player, but not from this brand any longer. Its a shame because the player had some great features, but if I did not have all my music backed up elsewhere, I would be much more upset! This company should revisit the quality of their products.
This product is okay, but as the other reviews warn some of the buttons DO break off VERY easily and since I have children, they have become lost. Would be nice if they glued each button down with a little dab of glue, possibly. Still works if you know which button you are pressing haha
You must stick them on, but other than that they are ok. The padding is not as soft as the original so make the headset a bit more tight over the head. For the price, I think there is value for money.
Its pretty and seem durable, but sound quality is pretty bad a lot of muffle and some static at higher volume
I've returned two of these broken. Button controls have shorted out twice within days of purchase.
I can still open and close the zipper, but the zipper tab broke off almost immediately. I travel all the time and was hoping for something more durable.
Works great but foam covers got torn easily and too quickly.
It did not work as expected, I was unable to view both monitors. In my testing I could get both monitors to display at the same time, just couldn't display in order to extend the screens. Have not returned it because my son is going to try this when he is home for summer break.
The actual product itself is pretty solid. It holds the phone in pretty strong. The only problems that I had with it was that the adapter does not work with my VW Golf and that it is a little bit difficult to slide an IPhone XR into it
My boyfriend loved the case but literally broke about s month later. Definitely not baby proof.
These sound pretty good, wireless charging is a nice bonus feature. only bad thing is that if you use one earbud at a time you have to put up with beeping for a couple minutes for some reason.
2 for $15 sounded like a steal, so went for it. 1 of the 2 work, so I got 1 for $15. So this turned out to be a deal (half price of what you'd pay from Apple), not a steal. The one that works works well so far. The one that doesn't work has no sound in left ear.
Didn't work for me but seller refunded quickly.
Burnt out after 5 mont
Great remote but it sometimes makes the tv blink or freeze.
The only issue we ran into is the stand. After just a short time, the stand fell off and can no lo her be put back to together.
i didn't want to buy apple headphones so i got these but both pairs broke within 3 weeks. the sound quality was good for the price but not great
I work in a pretty big office and thought this would work at my desk instead of one with the cord. There is always background noise and I sounded garbled when I talked on a Skype conference call.
It's a good Soundbar for the money the sound is okay but nothing spectacular
I bought 2 of these boxes 1 I had to send back because remote stopped working with box. My 2nd one I still have but recently started have problems with the remote working with box an then stops working with the box. Also it likes to freeze up and I end up having to unplug it and plug it back in I have to do them a few times every time I use it
Charger lasted 2 1/2 months before it began acting faulty, only charging when in a specific position. 4 months in, it no longer charges. Original charger from Microsoft lasted 2 years, so would rather have purchased a replacement directly. However, seller did offer a full refund, so appreciate the excellent customer service.
Returned need different style
Must warn readers that I am a 60+ year old woman who doesn't know anything about the guts of an iPhone. For example I have no idea what a motherboard is. I am good at reading instructions and have a lot of patience. For example, I have put together a houseful of IKEA furniture without any problems. Yesterday I replaced my battery and it was challenging to say the least. I wasn't impressed with tools they provided other than the screw drivers and suction cup (more on that later). The instruction pamphlet is not sufficient at all so I don't know why they even bother to include it. It gives you a false sense that you can replace the battery using these instructions. After you go through some of the steps you then realize that there is no way you can replace the battery without going on the website and reading through the much more detailed instructions. Getting the battery out of the phone was dreadful. I started this process before I watched the video. Perhaps if I would have been more careful with removing the glue strips under the battery, my experience would have been easier. Having said this, even the website instructions warn you that most people don't have success with removing the strips easily and end up prying the old battery out. I was so paranoid about bending or puncturing the battery and having it catching on fire (instruction warning) that it took me over 2 hours to pry it out. I finally had to use my own tools (a paint can lid opener and large screw driver) because I just couldn't get the leverage with their tools that they provided. I decided that the suggestion in the instructions to use dental floss was to just add more torture. I tried and of course it just ripped in half. I did end up puncturing a small hole in the old battery but I survived - no fire, nuclear explosion, etc.. I didn't disconnect the wires at the top of the phone (which would allow you to completely remove the top lid of the phone from the bottom lid) because they warn you that you can do just as much damage (if you are not super careful) doing this as leaving them intact. This requires you to keep the top part of the top lid on the phone somewhat engaged with the bottom part. It can't be opened from the bottom part of the phone by more than 90 degrees. Per the instructions if you don't disconnect the wires at the top, the phone lid can not be entirely removed and must be held open with one hand the whole time you are working on replacing the battery. Nonsense! That would have been impossible - you need both hands for this process! I attached the suction cup to the top lid and rigged it up to another solid object on my counter top so it stayed open at 90 degrees while I worked on the phone. I gave this product three stars entirely because of the instructions/tools. After I finally got the new battery in the phone, it worked and it is certainly holding a charge much better than my 2 hour max charge with my old one.
The splitter works but depending of the rigidity of the socket it is connected to, It is possible you may yank the metal coating/covering off.
The radio and light work but I've had to hand crank it since I couldn't get the solar charge to work.
The radio has no strength and barely draws in stations from 100 miles away.
it's strong but a bit heavy.
UPDATE: less than 1 week in, and my daughter's 10ft cord is already loose on the micro end. The cord itself wiggles where the plastic plug meets the cord. Of course, she's probably a little harder on cords than we adults would be, but her other cords she's used have lasted much longer(i.e. 9 mnths to 1yr, or more depending on brand, and style). We've learned, and have taught her the right, and wrong way to use them, so there's no way a well built cord would last only a couple of uses, either way. I'm debating whether to send them all back, or ask for a single replacement, because we really needed the 10 ft. cord for our vacation in a few weeks, and I don't want to realize after it's too late that it wasn't just a single faulty cord, (which it might be). I'm not sure what to change my 5 star review to, due to this happening with 1 out of 4. Of course, we're not even using 2 of them yet. Original review: These are good, micro USB cords. I have tested all 4 cords, and they all work. We go through cords in our house with a busy schedule, and so many electronics, so we either lose them, or they eventually stop charging right. I have bought so many cords over the years, and sometimes they've been good, some are okay, and some don't work, or not all of the cords work. I try to do my research before buying, and read the reviews. We haven't had these for long, so I will update once we've had them longer, or if we have any problems. As you can see in my pic, there are only 2 cords left in the pack, because my daughter, and husband have already snagged one. So far, they're working great, and it's a great value, which is even better.
Love everything except it's difficult to keep it in English mode. It's English once connected but the directions often default to another language
Works but not well made. Cheap materials.
Update: I didn't realize the headphones where under warranty and the seller replaced the first pair I bought for free. Unfortunately, the same wire is starting to look worn on the second pair I ordered so I'm glad I now have a back up pair . Honestly they are not fantastic quality but for the price and because they are for a child they are good enough. Although the radio never worked, they were ok enough while they lasted which was a little over 2 months. The headphones are half the price now so maybe ill buy them again since they are for a kid.
Purchased for a friend
One cable worked great, the other would only yield 720p resolution on 4K Samsung TV. By swapping cables between my BluRay and the STP got high res on the TV. Also the "angle adapter" advertised on the box was not inside.
I really like the way it looks but recently some plastic corners started to break off.
I can't really rate these shoes. I ordered a 4 and either they fit small or they sent the wrong size (there's no number on the shoe it's self indicating the size) and my daughter in law threw the box away. So my grandson can't wear them.
Speaking SLIGHTLY above average sounds as if you are screaming into the mic. Everyone can tell that i have a poor quality mic, cant recommend :(
Purchased these in July 2018 for my son. He uses them with his PC as he prefers headphones to speakers. I made sure that he did not mistreat these, however, they still broke. I contacted the seller, and after submitting my picture of the broken pair, a replacement pair was sent to us (took about 2 weeks?). I'm not exactly happy that they broke so soon, but their service was great. I do hope this replacement pair lasts this time around.
Surprised it cost $7 to ship a 2 oz parcel that only cost $10.99 - and it took way to long to receive for the high shipping price. I only received 1 extra set of ear buds (loose in the bag almost fell out and got lost) and no “handy” carrying case or pouch someone mentioned came with these. Sounds good, though. Just expected a bit more than what I received
Fans are great, but pretty noisy and can't stick to cloth ceilings very well in my Subaru Forester.
Worked great, until it didn't. It lasted five months, which works out to about a buck a week, so that's not bad but I'm going to just spring for the actual Apple product this next time, since my old Apple charger lasted over four years before it crapped out.
The unit works well and sounds good. The only complaint is blue tooth is very weak. I'm using this to drive speakers on my patio. The unit is located in the house literally 10 feet away though one wall to my phone or tablet on the patio . When I move my phone or tablet I get static until I put it down. I have the antenna fully extended. It's all good as long as I'm not messing with my phone or tablet. Also, if you buy this unit, be sure you have line of sight to it. Not thinking I assumed the remote was RF to go through walls. Fortunately I have a infra-red repeater I stuck in the window so I can control volume and on/off.
The Air Pods do not fit in the case with the ear hooks on. Also, it's difficult/tricky to figure out how to apply the ear hooks to the Air Pods. I can't imagine that I will ever remove and reapply the ear hooks again. I'm not sure what I'll do about using the case. I'm very satisfied with the other accessories in the kit.
Sound quality is not great and no tone adjustment, the adapter for the 45 records is off center so there is a wobble. When the unit is powered off and then turned back on, it defaults to the CD player instead of the last mode used. Sometimes the auto-stop at the end of the record does not work. Lastly, I ordered Mahogany and received Oak, the box is marked Oak but the UPC symbol states Mahogany.
The sound breaks not everyday but almost. Sometimes I have to stop it and put the cord.
I use these with my earbud cords and I've had issues with them coming off due to the cord clip breaking off. With that said I work in a warehouse environment and that could have allot to do with it. If you are just hanging out, jogging, or whatever they would most likely be great but if you use them at work and maybe snag the cord a bit from time to time they probably will not work well for you.
Strong, robust, well made. I'd prefer one like my previous that when folded down was 2/3's the length.
Didn't last very long
Yes they do work...yes there is latency. I haven't tried updating them yet, but so far I've run into the controllers losing connection with every other use so I have pair them again and again. That's not so fun when you're a live gamer like myself. Lets hope the update download works!
They work as advertised. My only gripe is the color. I guess I should have done the research and could have found out that when Bose says "black" they mean silver with a blue stripe... But I expected full black. Had no time to return them as I departed on a business trip the next day. Oh well, I'll shine in silver now..
I bought this to operate a 12v linear actuator and all in all, I think it will do just fine in my application at less than 15 amps for 20 seconds at a time. I would HIGHLY suggest that you pull the heatsink and at a minimum inspect the via's that are supposed to sink the heat through the board to the aluminum heatsink. This is absolutely the failure point of this device as it is inadequate for heat transfer if it was anything like mine when I received it. There was solder in only 2 of the via holes out of 18 or so on the board. A couple were completely dry, the rest had some solder in them but would never make heat transfer contact with the sink. I scrubbed off the conformal coating and applied a thin layer of solder to coat the via's then applied a small amount of cpu thermal paste and reinstalled the sink. I think this fix will help my device to live a long and productive life. But without that rework, if you tried to run anywhere near 45 amps, you'd let the smoke out in a hurry. The chips won't handle high amperage without really efficient cooling
Works great except for one thing. If there's no phone docked it will open and close repeatedly until you either unplug it or throw it out the window.
This is my second one I ordered LG needs to make a better remote
The product is nice. But UPS delivery service is bad. We are at home and they sent the package to a UPS delivery Center so we have to drive to get it.
Careful. These won't fit wrist watches. I bought them because amazon said they would. They won't.
Bought this to take to the beach and not have to worry about damaging an expensive speaker. The sound is okay, it works, wish it had more volume to it but all in all it gets the job done.
It certainly improved the quality of the sound. The AccuVoice feature did make voices somewhat easier to understand by quieting other sounds, but the improvement was not as great as we'd hoped.
Purchased for use while biking... because of boxy, non aerodynamic design the ear piece produces horrible wind rustling noise from air whipping around ear units. Works fine when looking down or side to side, just incredibly annoying when looking straight forward (unfortunately 99% of time when biking). Other than that seem to work just as specified for decent price. As long as you're not moving too fast should work out well.
Battery life was not good.
Didn't fit my phone had to give them away
Outlets are really close together -think about what you want to plug in before buying. I purchased this to plug in 3 cords (not USB). Due to the sizes of the plugs, only 2 would fit and the middle outlet was pretty useless.
For the price, these earbuds have decent sound quality. I feel like the description is misleading, though. While these are quad earbuds with enhanced bass, I could only hear the low bass when the buds were fully in my ear. Overall, it is high-heavy on balance. I had to return my set because the left earbud was defective. I'm sure I could have exchanged them, but I decided to return and find a higher quality product. These are fine for the price, but I want something that has a better balance without switching to actual headphones.
It is working Ok. I can't rate the life of the battery yet because it is too soon.
I had cellular data but no call or text. Had to use messenger on data. Couldn't call at all. Was a pain to get it transfered over to my phone. It's a unlocked all carrier xperia 10.
the dvd player would not work the disc wouldnt go all the way in
I love it. Looks great and sounds great. Disappointed it didn't come with a charger though.
This TV Antenna is fine but froze too often, no signal in must channels
Very nice if the source is near, otherwise the signal gets lost. I was able to save old Bose speakers thanks to this.
I have been a long time supporter of these earbuds. My ears are extremely small and I have depended on these earbuds for my music. Unfortunately, after wearing for a few days the tend to slip out. I have been using these particular ear buds for 6 years. I do intend to get them again if ever needed though. I just wonder if they have blue tooth ones compatible for iPhones.
Like all insurance, it is a gamble...
Some channels fads out.
Can't find a station a few miles away on a clear day.
Does the job but the ergonomics of the buttons are not good. frequently used buttons are tiny and in distant positions, no lights
It did not fit our tv although it was advertised as universal
only issue I have with this product is that it catches on my clothes especially long sleeve shits and jackets. I have many shirts that now have one cuff that is frayed. Otherwise this is a very stylish band and works great
Amazing sound quality very crisp and clear with decent bass, but also very uncomfortable I could only wear these ear buds for 10min at a time before felling discomfort, for that reason alone I had to return them. Other than that great product.
No wall plug for charging, only USB cord...
Jelly Comb gladly sent me a new pair after the first one was defective. Nice seller
stopped working after around 4-5 months of use. Great audio quality though.
Good sound quality. Feels cheap so handle with care
Won't keep a charge. Needs to be charged every time before you use it. Not worth anything Changed my rating. Customer Service sent out a new unit right away.....without my asking. Husband still has not tried it, but Customer Service keeps sending me reminder to re-evaluate. I would be willing to try this company again.....if only because they sent a new unit...very quickly.
Know know how to use it
Got good news and bad news. Good news is that thia was a cheap product and came on time. Bad news is that its not that great it money worth spent. Theres a reason why its cheap. Just brought a 4k ips uhd tv amd needed a 4k hdmi cable. Just a week in of using it. Thia product kept cutting out the video for reason. And switched it with a 4k hdmi cable from xbox one x and havent had no problems.
We like this product. It's a bit bulky though
I know it's my fault for not double checking, but I was looking up x box one headsets and got this thinking it would work. I specifically put it in the filters. Then after I realized it was the wrong one, it cost almost half the price of the headset to return it. Very sad waste of money. I'm much more careful to read descriptions and double check online.
Difficult to get ps4 Controllers to dock correctly and charge. Charger works well once docked correctly.
I think they sound great they have a good bass, clear mids and a precise treble but connecting to my phone to the first time was easy but after 3 times of using them they stopped connecting I tried over an over again I tried updating my phone but that didn't work
The zipped case and the neck lanyard worked well. The ear cushions are hard to fit in my small ears. The fitted case is ok but the back holding it together may break after daily use. The constant opening and closing of the iPods is the reason that I say this.
The mount is nice but the magnet is not as strong as I'd hoped. It works well if placing the metal adhesive disc directly on your phone, but with a thin case, it did not provide enough grip. Overall okay but not great.
Bought this for my nine-year-old was completely way too tight for her head. Probably well suited for younger children. Also if you preferably like headphones that completely cover your ears you should look for something else these cans are very small.
As far as the actual ability to charge your devices, this is a knockout. The fast charging works flawlessly and doesn't get overly hot while doing so, especially compared to other wireless charging pads/docks. Having the dual charging coils means you can use it as a media stand and have the phone landscape instead of portrait, which is nice as well. The only knocks I give this product is the LED ring at the base, which is really superfluous and honestly pretty dumb. It lights up for about 10 seconds after you put your phone on, which if you put it on right before bed, like I do, can be pretty annoying to have bright green LEDs in your face late in the evening. Aside from the LEDs I wish these pads had USB-C instead of MicroUSB but that's more of a nitpick than anything else
DON'T FIT SONY HEAD PHONE THAT GOOD
I'm in a small band and bought the sleeves to reduce cable clutter onstage. They do that well, but Velcro fasteners would be preferable to the zippers, which are a little tricky to manage under time pressure in unpredictable stage lighting. Maybe the sleeves are intended for more permanent installation, so I'll probably put them to that use.
These do the trick, but are extremely hard to insert a plug the first time. You will need to use a lot of force, so don't use an expensive charger you might break, use a cheap extension cord on that first time. After that, they work fine
I purchased these charging cables as replacements for original cables included with Chromebooks. The first cables broke quickly, but seller offered to replace. Unfortunate that original cables broke quickly, for now I will assume this was just a bad batch, and I am hopeful that the replacement cables are of top quality. I will update further upon receipt and use of replacement cables.
Good luck reading the instructions. Whoever wrote the instructions is not competent in the English Language. I gave up trying to understand them and just decided to play with the functions on my own. The player works well and I'm happy with it I guess. I'd just like to know how it works, but the instructions are no help whatsoever.
It's just 'ok'. It's not the top quality, not the worst as well. Shipped on time. Great package. Too small. Would rate it higher as it worked well for several weeks.
It looks used. Not to happy with it. It does work.
For the price they are not bad. What I find frustrating is that I can't put my phone in my leg pockets because the sound cuts out. I can't even take 10 steps before the sound cuts out. And the way they sit on my ear is not the best. They feel too big (the piece that hugs behind the ear) and like they can fall off. But for the price I keep them
If it only would stay in the socket
Not what I thought it was, the rubber/plastic that cancels the noise wasn't there.
This product is amazing. There is just one problem. When I got my headphones, only the left speaker ear worked. Its legendary to hear the right speaker to work. It sucks. But the bass in these headphones are amazing! The lights are bright! And its so comfortable! If you sweat, it doesn't get between you and the headphones! Its a good product, but it needs improvement!
Very cute and powerful, but the audio quality is pretty low and you can not browse between folders on the SD card or the USB
I ordered this battery for my sister's laptop and it was a pretty good deal. There are, however, two small issues. The first was that the plug was shaped different than the original HP battery pack and had an awkward fit. The second issue was that I had to make a couple of the holes larger because they didn't quite line up with the corresponding screw holes of the laptop. Once I resolved the issues, everything worked fine. The charge seemed to last about 3 hours from full to drained in case anyone is curious.
These headphones worked well for a while but broke less than 2 months after I bought them! I used them everyday and then they suddenly stopped working all together one day. I tried them on both my phone and laptop and nothing. Very disappointed in how quickly they broke.
These batteries worked great for the price at first, but after a few months of use they started exploding and leaking battery acid. Maybe they got overused since I had to recharge them every night for my purposes; they might be alright if you don't think you'll need to use them a whole lot.
The headphones were great for about a month. Then they stopped connecting to each other, which gets very annoying when I want to listen to music or watch a movie and cancel out other noises. The worst part is, it's past the return date so I can't even return/exchange them for new ones that actually work.
I was really excited about this product. It has good sound quality and is very comfortable for sleeping. However, within the first month the right earbud stopped working. The company agreed to exchange them for me for free. I will update my review after I see whether the second pair does the same thing.
The tape was dry I think after trying to clean the head on my camera after cleaning for 8 times I started seeing some different but if is still not clean.
Works for TV as a remote, downside is the otherside for alphabet typing work when it want to.. Over all cant beat it for not even $9.
I purchased a set of these speakers with the goal of purchasing 5 more within the next couple of weeks. Unfortunately both speakers came damages. The internal board mounts were broken and the board was dangling by it's wires. For 300 dollars a speaker, they should be packaged better. I will update my review with the performance of the speakers once I get the replacements.
Needed to flash it to get it working with my NVR system (shinobi). Seems to be working now.
First the material is very slick and probably doesn't do a lot to protect. Second the silicone slides over and is very loose. It just doesn't look or feel nice at all.
Does not stay connected to bluetooth, has to be reconnected often.
They fit me nicely, and sound good to my ears. But, the plug shorted out just shy of eight weeks, so now I have a left-channel earphone (singular), instead of stereo earphones (plural). I'm going to give them another shot and hope the durability improves on the next pair. I also wish I could find something similar with an in-line volume control. I don't need a phone mic, just a volume control.
Smaller than expected. The adhesive did not stick to the wall.
Cuts in and out Hard to answer phone
Watch out for height issues only need it for warped lp's
Fairly durable, but was shipped scratched up and had some random black marks on it. Not handled with care when packing.
The cables stopped working but they have awesome customer service. They couldn't be better. I love the angled design and when they worked it was a pretty fast charge.
Only projects time on the ceiling and not on the opposite wall since you cannot move the projector beyond an angle in the front but it can be rotated behind to show the time upside down, which didn't make much sense to me. My room ceiling is not flat, so I wasn't very happy with the projector part. But, I think it is a good product for the price.
This was difficult to install and I even had my dad do it who is very handy. The TV still wobbles a bit. The bolts were cheap and broke during install. It's a great mount overall and turns smoothly.
Tbh I thought it wouldn't have bothered me but it does. You cant tell what charge your headphones are at due to the poorly placed cut out. Please fix this.
I couldn't get the bluetooth to connect to more modern devices, as it does not allow you the options for security pins that you would expect. I bought this for my son to use with his hoverboard, but there was no way to connect it properly.
These are very heavy. Would be ok for permanent installation. Not recommended for portable setups.
Great assortment of twist ties. These are tough and sturdy and have a multitude of uses.
Loved these at first. However, the wire near the plug in breaks so easy!!!! Had 3 break within a week.
These headphones have a good price for their quality. They fit comfortably, sound good, and have an amazing battery life, unlike any other pair of headphones I've ever used. The noise level in pretty low, not great for blasting music, but for listening to podcasts, lectures, or books I would say they are ideal. My favorite thing is probably the fit, even with my big ears they are comfortable. My least favorite thing is the look, they are pretty dorky.
Yeah, the purple controller I got seems to have directional problems. The black one seems to be okay for Smash Bros, but the purple control definitely not sufficient.
Very mediocre sound, if you use it anywhere there's noise, you're not going to hear your music.
These charges quickly. They didn't stay charged long. The battery packs ran out of charge after a few hours.
They don't hold a charge very well. But hey they were cheap.
Didn't even come with the mounting screws that were shown in pictures. Loss of 2 stars just for that alone.
I love the way these fit and have bought quite a few pair as they get lost over time. However many of them have issues with the connections, either one headphone will go out or I've had a few where the connection seems loose and doesn't play all of the sounds meant to come out.
The product works, but has a couple of quirks. When I first received it, I charged the watch about a quarter of the way, and became really frustrated with programming it. I would hit a button and the watch would just sit there for a few seconds before the selection that I made actually took place. I fully charged the it and oddly enough it seems to work ok as long as it has a good charge. I have never had an electronic component act like that before. The receivers work fair. I have had false positives and negatives. I have trail cams set up and have had animals walk by (caught on camera) where I received no alert. I have also had alerts, where if I looked at the vicinity, nothing was there and nothing was captured on camera. I also had correct alerts where an animal walked by and one of my cameras caught the animal.
Dose what it's supposed to do I just had to buy a new one because a previous one just stopped working I dunno why but it did. No loose wires or corroded ends just stopped but $6 for a new one whatever it'll be ok.
No magnets on Earbuds make me feel inconvenient. And the Earbuds are NOT stainless steel as described in the web and simple plastic which looks very cheap unlike Sennheiser does.
it is pretty similar to an ipod nano, I like the pc connection to move files over and it is very easy to do so. The FM radio works pretty well for what it is don't expect it to get a million stations, but it will get one or two of the strongest ones in your area. The battery life seems great so far, one charge and have used it for at least 8 hours probably more. There is a shuffle button...which is kind of odd and maybe I'm at fault for not figuring out I mean I could be doing something wrong. The shuffle button.. or switch works, but turning it off doesn't work. Seems you are always on shuffle mode, and end up hearing the same songs over and over. I've skipped TNT only to hear TNT and the next song played then TNT again. Maybe AGPTEK just loves AC/DC? There are better ones out there for the same price maybe even a little cheaper.
Corner broke off after only a couple of weeks. Bummer because it looked really good and was super useful.
Not a clean sound , easy to hook up too Bluetooth. Needs more treble less bass.
Had for 2 months, still going.
Simple and easy to use with the Audacity software - turntable is belt driven and does seem to slow and slip a little after prolonged use
i can only get one full charge on my iphone 7 plus
Will only receive a few a channels..
Went back. Won't block out a baby crying on your flight.
It has a high quality sound bar. It easily connects with your TV or Cell Phone. The sub woofer is garbage. It repeatedly did not sync with the sound bar. Plus the sub woofer stopped working after 4 months.
The volume is really low on those speakers!! Everything else works
Really pretty, but didn't last long. They didn't break. They just stopped working after a couple weeks.
The price is great but the sound was a bit tinny. The service and delivery was quick and I'd order from them again but would probably upgrade the set.
This is very large compared with the Lenovo charger that comes with the laptop. Works ok, but not a convenient travel charger.
Doesn't work for non PlayStation remotes, like off brand
Double check your connection before purchasing. Was not compatible to our Nintendo unit
Only one ear bud would connect. Not both at the same time. People on the other are telling me I sound muffled.
Sound is tinny and the fit isn't great. There's definitely nothing noise isolating or bass heavy about them but they're otherwise ok. I like the little zipper case they come with.
I really like the design of this charger (mostly because I can still use/look at my phone while it's charging at night, if I have to. However, there are little things that are very annoying. One is that the blue light that shows you your phone is being charged is quite bright and annoying. I've seen another reviewer say they covered it with tape, but it's still a "problem" that people should be aware of. Next, there is an issue with it consistently charging my phone. I have an X in a case and my girlfriend has an 8 in a case (both cases are compatible), but we have to set our phones down on it a certain way or they won't charge. Again, this isn't a huge deal, but when your product only has one thing it's supposed to do and it sometimes doesn't even do that, then it's worth mentioning.
Had an issue with my product, but customer service reached out to address and resolve it
The ones that work are great, but 2 out of the pack I got did not work.
These were fantastic headphones that I was using for listening to music, videos, podcasting etc on my computer. I really loved using them as there was no fatigue and the sound quality was fantastic and I was really pleased up until the one side broke. I've tried reaching out to the manufacturer since they said there is a 24 month warranty but have so far been unsuccessful. Without resolution of this issue the rating loses a couple of stars. It's unfortunate because I really loved these headphones and would love to get them replaced.
I wanted something lightweight but a step above the earplugs the airlines sell. And this is perfect! The sound quality is great, and the price is right.
Build quality is good however, doesn't hold a lot (my fault, since I used the pics to gauge if it would fit what I wanted). The elastic straps are very tight (not much stretch), so it takes some finagling to get cables in place (especially flimsy wires like on ear buds). The waffling (shock absorbing layer) in the bottom, with the tight straps, also makes it slightly difficult to get things in place. With some shifting around of things, I was able to fit in a Surface Book 2 power supply (with cord), a slimline usb/hdmi/ethernet doc, arc mouse, samsung standard phone charger (not secured - had to lay it loose in between items , usb cable, and set of wired earbuds. It was a very tight fit and had to be squeezed together to get the zipper all the around, so I had to take extra care that something fragile wouldn't get crushed against something solid.
They worked great for a week. Then the cord broke. Got what I paid for I guess
Still had to get digital converter box
Good case for the money, but doesn't fit quite as well as some more expensive cases.
It's the same great sound and fit as expected from Porta Pros. The reason I'm holding back from 5 stars is that the neck cord does get a little bit awkward at times, but more importantly the bluetooth range is really problematic. I've been using the headphones for about 4 days now, and half the time when I slip my phone into my front jeans pocket (a totally normal place for the phone to go), the audio on the Porta Pros starts stuttering. Take the phone back out, audio clears up immediately. I don't have this problem with multiple pairs of Bose bluetooth headphones, nor with Apple AirPods - each of these maintain an unbroken audio connection even when my phone is clear across the room. The bad range could be a deal-breaker for some people.
The ones that record do a good job but a good many will not record
Excellent sound but very bad quality. Mine slowly started coming apart little by little over a couple of months and I didn't even wear every day.
Looks elegant , water resistence good but a little small for my needs and the strap lenght is not stable so I have to fix it all the time !
SO hard to set up!!! I cant find any information on how to do it and it is NOT intuitive.
Got here and didn't work. Had to go through customer service to get another.
I purchased this strip as a replacement for a 6-outlet strip when we found ourselves needing to plug in more devices, and was pleased with the price and the reviews. The strip itself does what it's supposed to do, and we haven't had any major problems with it, with one exception. I don't know if it is supposed to be this way, but I've found that about half of the time when unplugging something, a small piece of plastic will come unstuck from the strip where the prongs go in. I had misplaced any documentation that came with the strip when I got it, so I don't know if this is supposed to happen, but it gives me the impression of cheap quality. I just put the pieces back in place and kept using the strip, but I'm not thrilled that it happened in the first place. besides that, I like it just fine. The cable is a good length, and the placement of the outlets is good in that the spacing lets you easily use plain cord as well as chargers and bulkier items. The cord organizer on the side is also helpful to keep everything organized.
The volume of this speaker is loud but the battery does not last long. Also, quite often the speaker will disconnect from the device your using without warning even if fully charged.
It worked great for 1 car ride.. second car ride it wouldnt play dvd. Kept switching between open and loading even though it was closed and the dvd had started playing.
Bought for running. I get one. Wife gets one. Keeps it a lottle more of a social experience. Mine cuts out frequently. :( still glad I bought given the decent price.
A bit hard to set up
I have not use yet but it fit my camrea
I had 3 remotes at the couch and hated chasing them down. I figured this would be great for table top and it was just too big. It was one remote per section and they flopped over and got the container got in the way of using the table. The cats learned they could push it off. I thought it would look nice but with remotes lying over it was eh. Might be good with more than 3 remotes or having a paperback book but not for me. I ended up donating it to thrift store.
Negative: Doesn't seem like the cable is very robust. I anticipate that it will break fairly quickly. Neutral: One foot shorter than the cable that originally came with my Bose headset.
This size is a little off for my Mac and I'm unable to take it off without breaking it. On the upside the color is beautiful.
Not really an improvement over my current antenna. Still worth considering. works okay and for the price still probably a good deal.
Easy to set up. Not loud enough to wake me.
Not very durable,not very strong
This isn't as great as I hoped. You only get one chance to secure it where you want it to be. If you remove it, paint will likely come off with it and then you can't restick. The magnets are also not super strong, so they come unattached with little movement.
It's nice, but you have to find the perfect placement or your item will not charge. It also repeatedly starts and stops charging items without touching it.
When closed the power button is pressed on the VR headset - if I don't include the hand held control in the top of the case this is not a problem.
Did not hold up too well. Cracked quickly after putting on phone.
I was not able to receive 120 + channels as it stated. Took some maneuvering around but I found a spot where the picture comes in very clear. I'm not able to place the antenna near a window because my television is on a wall facing the window.
Hurt my ears. Really beautiful and functions perfectly.
Good protection for the device. It gets scratched easly
These headphones are good. However after less than 4 years of occasional use, the cover of the internal padding of the right ear piece is coming apart and exposing the spongy padding inside. I am disappointed and don't know if Bose covers this through some warranty. These head phones are among the most expensive in the market and I expected them to last longer. I would definitely not buy them again. This model is also a bit old now and they have newer models. I have treated them with utmost care and always keep them in their original (zipped) pouch when not in use.
I bought these in May and immediately loved them. The sounds quality is great and has such great bass. BUT about a month ago I started noticing that it would change volumes on me. This only happens with these headphones in so I know it's not my phone. The headphones raise and lower the volume by themselves and it has been getting worse and worse as the months progress. Not sure if this is just my pair but these headphones would be perfect if this wasn't happening.
The clock is bigger than I thought. It looks a little cheap and the numbers are comically huge. It would have looked better scaled down in size. Not worth the hassle of returning so I'll keep it in my guest bedroom.
These got overhyped on You Tube. No bass but they hook well around my ears.
Comfortable earbuds, don't hurt ear like others. But it's not stereo, it's only mono. As only one ear bud can be used at a time. can be used at a time.
They are ok but could be better with the sound
I've always liked Panasonic earbuds, the sound is incredible! But, after a while they started shorting out. Bummer!
I have nothing new to add to the other reviews, they are effective in keeping AirPods secure, which was my major priority. However, it is extremely frustrating that you can't close the lid and even if the Bluetooth is disconnected, the battery keeps running down on the pods unless you take skins off. I just wish that if you pay 12.00 for a 2.00 piece of plastic it should work better.
I really fell inlove with the resolutions of this camera. I hated that it didn't come with instructions and that the tech support was not able to help. I had to get professional from a family member to help to figure it out. He was finally able to set it up right and I got so excited I bought anout one , but returned it because it was defective. The price is also good.
Does not have a very long battery life.
Radio is very small including buttons and screen. Difficulty to manipulate. Major drawback is sound volume. After only brief usage, volume decreases substantially. Putting in fresh batteries increases sound again, but only briefly. After limited use, sound volume again decreases. Having to replace batteries so frequently is not cost efficient. I cannot recommend this product.
Not good quality breaks easily and hard to put stuff in it
I got this for my iPad mini and it works; however, I have to 'play' with the placement of the mini as the adapter is towards the bottom. But once I find the right spot, it works perfectly.
I really like this headset, lightweight, long battery life, and comes in a case that will hold a charge. I have been using it for a few weeks. Little did I know that others were having a hard time hearing me when I used this headset. and after some testing... It is only this Bluetooth that I have the problem. I will continue to use it as a backup, just bummed that others can't hear me as well as my Plantronics Marque 2.
On the upside the sound of the CD player is quite good. The internal FM antenna is not effective enough to provide strong reception. The biggest downside to this product is the installing instructions. They are simple wrong. I have experience installing products like this and at first glance of the instructions I could see that they were not correct. The template to drill the holes is not to proper scale. Be aware of this if you don't want more than 4 holes in your cabinet.
Kinda works OK. Didn't sync totally with all our devices. After a month we stopped using it.
One cable works perfectly, the other doesn't work at all. So i paid twice as much for one cable. It's not worth returning both cables when one is good. Next time i will buy Monoprice cables. Buyer beware.
The audio quality is superb, but this generation has some really ridiculous ear wings. I am using the wings from the X2s because they just work better. Unlike the Bose wireless devices, you don't HAVE to use the Jays with the Jaybird app. You only download the app if you want to adjust sound settings and then you can delete it. It's pretty pathetic that some of the competition still require the use of a companion app. I'm only deducting the two stars because of the terrible switch to these curved wings. Whoever decided that should be part of a corporate restructuring.
Chipset was on list to support Kinect Sensor V2 for pc. I plugged in the card, it installed without issue and did cause a blue screen on a fresh install of win 10. Plugged in Kinect and detects it but thw camera wont work.
This thing is bulky and hard to put on
I ordered the pink case. It's a very cute wallet BUT magnets is very weak. When put your debit card and license in the pockets it hard to close and the magnet doesn't hold. I give it 3 stars for it's style and cuteness.
Good for small items holding together, but I could break them by barely pulling on the ties when tightening them.
The sound quality was not what I was expecting. It could use more bass, and can sound tinny. The construction seems great though and the magnets are a nice touch.
I liked the initial color of the case, but after a month it's become discolored. It looks dirty now. Will probably be purchasing a new case soon.
This headphones are ok, but they are a pain b/c they constantly disconnect! I prefer the older generation that I had before.
I find the sound to be average, and callers do not hear me well when used as a speaker phone. Also, there is an extremely annoying, bright, moving LED light that parades around the top of the unit whenever it's on. It's unnecessary and distracting and cannot be turned off. Don't even think about using this thing at night (for example, while you sleep) unless you're lost in the woods and need to be visible to search planes.
This charger looks slick and charges fast but I had a pretty serious problem with it: It makes a distinct electrical hum when charging. This wasn't an isolated incident as I emailed their support and received a replacement part that hummed in a different pitch. This is an indication of questionable internal components, or I got two bad units in a row. (Support was good btw). It is extremely loud for an electrical hum so I find it pretty weird no one else has called out this issue. I do not think that this is a dangerous charger, but it is definitely not one I would leave by my bedside, or anywhere that wasn't already noisy. Certainly not at my desk or on the nightstand.
Occasionally loses connection with devices it is plugged into. Multiply phones have not recognized it as being a audio device.
These earbuds have many outstanding features for the price. But unfortunately my ears are not compatible with the shape/fit of the design. They seem to fall out too easily. The earbuds seem to just balance within my ear, so any movement side to side seems to unbalance the earbuds from my ears and fall off. One of the earbuds came victim of falling off during my very light jog. It landed on the sidewalk and has separated the housing. I tried squeezing it close but it does not want to remain shut. Trying to contact the seller or manufacturer, but I can't seem to find their info.
Good for the price. I have small ears and have difficulty keeping them on as I move about. I'm happy with the purchase overall
When the bass kicks in on max volume its so fragile it falls. Everytime i turn around and then the buttons start caving in. Than the glass box comes out the frame and yoh have to hit to go back in. But i needed to use something small to pry, and push the buttons back forward.
Sound is pretty decent for the price. Packaging is very nice quality. Comfortable around your neck. Only problem I have with them is one of the earbuds does not retract all the way back into it's holder. About 1/2 inch does not go all the way back in without messing with them a few times. After I mess with them they still aren't super tight in their spot like the other side is.
These are slightly too fat to fit in many of my devices. When they do fit they work fine.
Does not come with a wall charger. This company expects customers to have extra wall chargers laying around or have USB charging ports?
I read so many positive reviews about these before buying them, and they don't live up to the hype. Tbh they don't sound any better than Beats, which is kind of sad lol. I'm no audiophile, so maybe I just don't know what I'm talking about, but if you're a typical consumer like me looking to be impressed, this ain't it chief.
Too expensive for the product.But the device works well as mentioned.just price is not right
wrong size, but they work, I will say the charger and charging wires ARE CHEAP!!!!!!! Super Cheap!!!! Dont plug in all at once cheap!!!
I needed sleep headphones that would stay in place, and this model was not the one for me. If you just want to use them to fall asleep to white/relaxing noise then they might work for you, but they don't stay in place through the night. One good thing about this model is that you can use them with a wake up light, because they will fall off and uncover your eyes / ears.
It connects fine but I have been unable to get them to work in stereo which makes them worthless to me so it was a waste of money. They bud part is larger than the Apple ones and also make them hard to fit in the ear. When you connect them to a device there are 2 Blue Tooth devices that connect up which also stinks, probably drains the battery more than a single pair. Would not get them a second time. The quality on the one bud was fine and was good, but not when you cant use both at the same time.
It works for my HK Onyx speaker but fits loosely and charges slowly.
The problem is if any water gets on it, then it sounds like static. I can sit it on the side of the hot tub and it plays great but any speaker would do that. I kept it and it is OK but if I had to do it again I'd buy a regular speaker and sit it on the deck somewhere
I paid for a new set of these speakers, yet I knew the moment I took the package off of the delivery truck that I wasn't the first person to open the package. Inside I found white speakers with dirty hand prints all over them, wires that had been unpackaged and used, speaker brackets with screw marks on them from a prior install, etc. I am using the speakers... and they're pretty good... But I'm not sure they're worth what I paid. I'm especially worried that the previous user may have abused them. We shall see.
The microphone sounds muffled when on a call. I have to place the microphone near my mouth, in order to be heard clearer.
I wore them consistently for a month, but yesterday the left ear fell off and the wires disconnected on the side. The noise reduction I was hoping for was working-until it didnt.
Not a horrible monitor, if you're doing laundry in the living room and baby is sleeping in the nursery it works just fine. I purchased this monitor so I could water flower beds outside while baby naps but the monitor loses service about 10 feet from my front door. Same problem at grandmother's house and at the beach house on vacation. Service disconnects almost immediately when you step into the porch. The picture is very clear during the day and I love the temperature reading. Can't see baby at night at all. If you plan on staying inside while baby naps / this is the one for you. If you have a need to go outside at all, recommend you keep browsing.
Even on dim setting the light from the display lights up the entire room at night, much too bright on dimmest setting for night use. I am keeping it to use in another room. Mine was the blue display.
Sound quality is not that good but I liked
They worked great for three months, then one side stopped working. So glad I purchased a protection plan!
Charge slow and the iPhone piece came out of one. But it's a nice little way to charge multi items over night.
Battery life is amazing! Sound quality good. Structurally the thicker neck piece has worn better than my much more expensive LG headphones which broke at the joints. However the toggle switch between headphones and speakers has broken already.
It was easy to use and plug into my I phone. It gave me a small boost in volume. but that's all.
A little bit flimsier than I thought they'd be.
This adapter prolly works just fine but it will not connect with the item I needed it for. Not the adapter is at fault but the device that I needed it for.... It a was from the Bradford Exchange and it runs on batteries or this adapter - not provided. So, it is of no use to me.
I will be getting another one of these Antenna's for my Living room. One thing also about this one is, it shows suction cups but it didn't come with them I was disappointed because the suction cups would be better than the tape for adjusting, but they sent the tape, both would have been better. I guess I can buy them myself, but that was one of the reason's I got this one, but I still like it for the amount of channels it picked up. I have been trying to find a good antenna on Amazon and finally found a good one. UPDATE: It was worthless in the living-room. So, I guess it depends on, it only produced 16 channels, So I am bummed. Also, the 33 channels are not showing up now in my bedroom and most stations it picked up are staggering in and out, so now I changed the rating from 5 to 3 because it's so iffy and not stable.
I like them but found the magnets to release easily
This battery case works ok but is is very bulky and adds some weight to the phone.
I figured this antenna would work a little better than my smaller antenna but did not. Get what you pay for I guess.
Nothing special. The cord makes super load sounds. But if you wear them upside down that goes away. The sound is solid but nothing to write home about.
A right fit. Really protects you Pokeball. Con: you'll never be able to get it off. I can't use this case in tandem with the Pokeball charging dock from hori. Someone please help me take it off ; A;
They don't make Batteries, like they use too.
Really nice overall. A little bright but the settings can't dim it. Rotating option kind of broke & became too loud to use. Does the job overall though.
First one would not work after 2nd use. Company replaced and this one seems better
This is my second pair and like the first it stopped holding a charge and thus it won't work wirelessly anymore. Headphones purchased in June and in July it quit working. Edit: I'm bumping up to 3 stars based on the seller's customer service. When in doubt email the sellers any issues. They were very responsible and gave me options.
I could not get it to come on no power.The instruction manual was written in very small letters even with my reading glasses on I found it to difficult to read.So unless you have very good eyesight to read small print I would not recommend this CD player to anyone.After returning it I went to a target store down the street and I found a very nice radio with a CD player and radio.It looks better more sleek and modern and I could read the instruction Manuel very good.Within a few minutes it was power on and playing fine.
These speaker were easy to set up with my Echo Show. The only issue I have is the sound, which is pretty average for a bookshelf speaker. Based on other reviews, I expected to be blown away but, after hooking two up in the stereo mode, it is just average. I will keep the speakers.
My son hates headphones, these are super comfy on his ears but he can't hear good with them because the speakers move around too much inside the cozyphones.
My phone is a little too wide, Pixel 2016, so it's hard to get it into the stand. The knob for tightening the mic is not secure. There is a pin that slips out, but can be put back together. It works. I would give at least one more star if the pin didn't fall out. I should have checked the dimensions, it would fit a smaller phone just fine.
The sound is good but not great. The customer service is outstanding. The company offered to exchange out the set for a new one, and they are working on improving the sound to great. Not a bad buy for the money.
These feel great and look great. Comfortable and comes with various earbud sizes! The pairing is easy, and VERY quick. It comes with a charging cord as well. It is short, so it is not meant for being plugged in and used. The worst part is the beeping and the voice. Any time a new track plays or is skipped, theres a beep. The voice is much too loud and intrusive, and does not scale with the volume level. I would rather there be no voice for skipping tracks via headphone buttons, and no beep either. It is intrusive and way louder than my music. The start up beeping and voice is very obnoxious as well, i think there needs to be a softer sound. I wish there was a way to change the language as well.
Only one of them worked. The other has the right channel defective.
Nice presentation and accessories, not as good as the KZ ZST in sound and perhaps a bit too bright for some like me. My cord is a bit mishaped making hard to stay in my ears and the sound is harsh otherwise I would have liked these more.
I thought product was awesome and exceeded expectations until it died. Amazon quickly replaced and replacement had same issue. My thought is that I have a 5V 1 Amp charging port and a 5V 2.5 amp. I think both times I used the higher amp port to charge the speaker it fried something. This is strictly my guess. Speaker came with cable but not the port. Awesome speaker but if that picky about amps charged, should have come with port.
Not that easy to put on and one is to short and two is too long. Not unless I don't know what I am doing
After using a few weeks, the joints were not working properly to hold the mic in the desired position.
Doesn't fit as snug in the holder as I'd prefer it too. May have to look elsewhere to get what I need!
The product is very durable and does not feel cheap at all! The issue I had with it though was that mine produced a low buzz no matter what headphones/ear buds I used.
These work okay. Two things, though: #1. Cannot be worn behind neck as the device on the right snags on neck & clothes, yanking them out of your ears. #2. Battery dies with about an hour use, requiring inconvenient recharge.
I had these for about 6 months and they quite working. When they worked they are amazing
two of the three are not lighting up anymore.
Almost can't use these as a 6'1 man. If your any taller the cord will be too short.
Stand is too vertical. I prefer the home button to be on my left side
Cute speaker. Sound is fair for the low price.
Works as expected. I like the case it comes with, but it cuts the sensor window a bit on the remote so it ms hard to change channels and stuff. I just leave it off.
works well but not the best quality
The unit that we got stopped working after about a month. The seller was extremely responsive, offering both a refund and a replacement. They were very eager to make the situation right.
Works but doesn't charge fast
It can control my tv but not my sound system
Horrible. I haven't had these headphones for a month and they already stop working.....no charging light, no sound, nothing. The price is nice, they sound pretty good for the price, but did not last. I've bought cheaper headphones than this that lasted longer than a month. Don't waste your money.
It's perfect for what I needed but one of them after two weeks started falling out of the USB socket getting a bit flimsy
works great but heats up fast.......
Its pretty good but the connections are weak. It is already starting to crackle when moved.
So I purchased this late night for I wanted oxygen free solid copper. Amazing price for 250 feet right? Well while this company promotes its "oxygen Free",...there is nothing to say what the "polarized conducting" material is in any of the advertising. How/why would they leave that out?!?!? So either the advertising dept of the firm is completely incompetent to forget to say this is copper wire. OR the advertising in trying as hard as they can to SOUND LIKE copper speaker wire. Which would be a total con in my books. I will use this "Oxygen Free Polarized Conductors" speaker wire for speakers in my garage and marvel at the great deal I got. Buyer beware of "Oxygen Free " advertising.
I like most every feature except that there is no button to dim the very bright light!! I didn't realize this when I bought it.
Speaker is outstanding! Only negative is the purchasing options - if you look at ALL of the listings for the product, there is an option to purchase the unit with 2 adapters for $1 more. If you don't notice that when ordering, the 2nd power adapter will cost you $15
Reception not as good as expected here in Green Valley.
I liked the uniqueness of the product and the nostalgia it gave me, reminding me of my gameboy days. However it turns on really loud when in my purse or pocket. Also the buttons pop out constantly. Luckily I always caught them before they came completely out.
Came without the micro usb to usb c converter.
IT FINALLY WORKED BY CHANGING THE BEING ONLY ABLE TO HEAR IN ONE EAR TO HEARING IN BOTH EARS
Plays audio decently, NO NOISE CANCELLING AT ALL, squeezes on the head very tightly, sometimes would have compatibility issues with some devices. You really get what you pay for here.
the features are nice. it works well. it looks cool; however, i found this headset to be uncomfortably tight.
Not as good as previous models, rather flat sound
Does not work 100% of the time, tried different batteries and positions
I had really high hopes for this antenna, however I was very disappointed. Nice sleek design and it was easy to hook up and then I scanned for channels and it took about 15 minutes for that. The most channels i got that played a really good picture was about 8. It did not pick up any local channels at all. Moved it to the window and picked up more channels, but the channels kept breaking up. However, if you live in the city you probably would get a lot more channels and better reception. I was hoping to cut the cable bill by using this but I don't get enough channels to get rid of cable, but guess I will have to keep paying the cable bill.
I live in the middle of southern Indiana and there are trees and hills and we are 50+ miles from transmitting towers, so it does not get all the stations I would like, but it does do better than a previous older one I had. Also the rotor on it does not lock in when it is not turning, therefore a strong wind can blow it off aim. Then to get it back on requires someone watching the antenna direction while someone else pushes the button inside.
The sound is great, but the remote doesn't work at all! The off button turns the sound up, the volume down button will either turn the sound up or turn the sound bar off! It is so frusterating
The clock is easy to set up and use but would give it more stars if the night light was a bit brighter.
Worked great as a replacement for my original LG unit that stopped working until the plastic neckband snapped. Waiting on word from the company. Supposed to have a 1 year warranty.
Wrinkles are almost impossible to get out.
They were not very comfortable and kept falling out of my ears. Should have returned them but I kept trying different things to have them stay in and then it had gone past the return time.
The product is fine. It looks and functions well. However, I have an IPhone XS-Max. It recharges the phone but only if you put it on the dock sideways. They did not take into account the size of the larger phones when designing. So you cannot recharge vertically since the recharging plate does not reach the center of the phone. Not such a big issue but it would've been really nice to know when making a decision to get this product.
At first glance, it looks pretty good. I used it for 12 days and the top is already braking. The material is very cheap. The volume control is okay and the sound is good. You get what you pay for, but I would have hoped that the material wasn't that cheap to break within 12 days of use.
Had these less than two months. Great sound but the clip that goes around the ear cracked.
sometimes if disconnects and won't pair. but when it works its great
These seem a bit thin but they work
my sound card died two days after I connected it to my PC, I am having to try a bluetooth dongle
First off, I returned these after trying them for a few days. The sound quality just wasn't what I consider adequate. I am giving them three stars though as they did pair easily and function well otherwise. The buttons on them don't control the volume which actually is a good thing - your iPhone is supposed to do that and ones that have it on the cord sort of run at cross-purposes. The speaker element is a bit big but I still was able to cram it into my little ears. And with the smallest set of silicone earbuds that came with it, these fit snuggly in my narrow ear canals. I bought these because for Christmas last year I got a similar product for my daughter and they work great and sound spectacular (great bass and good reproduction all the way up to the treble range). However, I just got a iPhone 11 Pro Max and it doesn't pair with the older BlueTooth for some reason (get with it Apple and fix this!). So I went for these BT 5.0 ones and it did pair nicely. But the sound quality was really noticeably lacking especially when I compared them to the same songs on my daughter's setup (iPhone X + $19 sport headphones). I even made sure to play with the EQ settings on both so they matched. The "small speaker" setting seemed the best for these but even that couldn't boost what was required to get things sounding decent. Mostly there was distortion in the frequencies that were lacking if boosted. I listen to music at probably just slightly over normal volume but not "blasting"... so this is not normally a problem for me. For around $15 they are likely just o.k. I just hoped for more and would have gladly paid 2x that price to get it. So I am back on the hunt...
Just got it today so can't review function or longevity. This was supposed to be for android devices but I recieved apple product cables.
did not like this it does not work well using the buttons would not buy it again
The sound is pretty good for small speakers, however the speakers don't clip on securely and the wires are bothersome. If these two would be improved, the product would be fantastic.
Works OK but must change channels from main TV.
The camera takes great pictures during the day, but we can't see to get any clear pictures at night.
after i set up unit is says will receive 150 miles and it does not this is false advertisment
I bought this product at the end of February 2018. My nine-year-old granddaughter loved sitting at the computer and playing her games with it. On July 8, 2018 they snapped. I guess if you only want to pay for a product for six months this is the product for you. I'm giving it three stars because when it worked she absolutely loved them.
Maybe not fair to post review yet as I have not used this yet, but I have not used because it didn't come with workable instructions! the "instructions" were very brief and very technical, not written for a layperson. I might amend this review if I can figure out how the thing works, and it works well, but meanwhile, it doesn't work at all since I have no idea how to use it. It's lucky I gave 3 stars. Probably should give 1 or 2 for now.
The sound is great, bass tones make the speaker vibrate too much but overall it's really good. What I don't like is that it will only hold a full charge for 30 minutes.
Came in cheap plastic bag, There is NO....... I MEAN NO left and right marks too speak of, way too much bass. Will only work in my mp3 player if its plugged in only half way. sounds negative, Well its the truth.
The device itself works and it is nice that I'm awoke every morning by a nice, warm glow. However, it's difficult to work with because the settings are hard to figure out and some of the settings are on the clock face and some on the top edge. What's more, if you turn the clock light completely off like I do so I don't have bright numbers facing me at night then you can't see the settings on the clock in order to set the alarm, etc. In all, it was inexpensive so you kind of know that's an issue.
This may be the first Sennheiser product I've purchased I'm not completely happy with. The leatherette pads seem to seal nicely which maybe be part of how these are meant to help with noise but they just aren't comfortable for long listening sessions. My main interest in these was the active noise canceling (which is decent) and the aptX wireless (because normal BT audio sounds terrible) for use at work. I was glad to find these which are aesthetically clean and professional looking and they have a mic which I was hoping to use with conference/video calls at work. Unfortunately the mic on these is good but omnidirectional which means that when I'm on a call everyone can hear me and the whole room around me. It seems there was no attempt to help make the mic a little more directional so that room sounds wouldn't come in just as well as the wearer or if there was it certainly didn't work well. In my previous office where there were fewer people and we were more spread out it wasn't too bad but in my new space, which is busier, it's a problem. This is pretty frustrating as I like the sound, look, and convenience of the wireless. These would be perfect for me if the mic was better at ignoring background sounds and noises. Unfortunately I haven't been able to find anything else on the market today that looks like would be any better for under $400. There's some headsets that could maybe be better for conference calls but lack aptX or AAC for music listening. The newer and much more expensive PXC 550, from the specs, might have a better mic but at neatly $200 more that seems a bit steep for a better mic.
Ok sound for its size
Using the alarms is somewhat awkward. You have to cycle through setting alarm to turn off/on. Radio presets is difficult. Fortunately I only use it for alarm clock and got a few presets. It is a small foot print device. Seems to be good quality. Radio reception is good and clear. Dimmer function is great.
Nice looking however only one side works sound quality good
contacted tech support but they asked me unrelated questions for about 15 minutes and I had to go, does anyone know if the usb port, which i hoped played music , has any function?
Only received 3 instead of promised 4. The cords themselves are great.
It does the job that it's needed for
Clock's time works well, unless some of the other clocks I've used by this company. The colors are bright and bold. I do wish the vibration was a bit stronger to sense. I put the vibration under my pillow and it vibrates hard by itself but not under a pillow. I purchased it so it would wake me up quicker since I'm a heavy sleeper.
Pretty cheap construction. The plastic is thin and cheap feeling. The contacts are flimsy and easily break if you're not careful.
Using Charger port and authentic apple cord it oddly doesn't stay charging my phone. It Shows lightening bolt when I connect , will check in a few minutes and it shows no connection, reconnect/reset the cord, phone not charged at all when I check in morning. Tried other cords and usb connectors. I haven't figured out why... but when I need to start my day with a full charge and it's done nothing it's disappointing. There is the button on top for the half you use and I make sure that is on so double check and push on and off for red light to show me that side is on but it doesn't continue to charge.
Wears comfortably but sound quality is mediocre.
I thought having adjustable ears would make it easier to pull in some local channels, but no so. Wish I'd sent it back when the return window was still open.
OK but hoped for better.
great product but, the sensors themselves light up. I covered the hole with masking tape and still could see light, at night. So, i figure an intruder would see too. The alarm part is good, different settings, although chime is too loud (for a small home, where intruder would hear)
So at first the battery life is great. It made it once or twice to the end of my work day (About 8 hours) But then one day it made this weird noise in one ear, and now it barely last 4 hours. I remember when $20 was all you needed for a great SC product that would last a couple of years, now it seems that it's bare minimum a couple of weeks/months
The speaker is fine but got the wrong charger so I can't charge it very well. I will have get the right one now!
It's an ok item, it did what it was intended to do but it broke after cleaning 5 dvd's. Good concept however it needs to built better.
It's a cool concept, but it is difficult to use, and the directions are not accurate. It's taken weeks to get it to the correct settings, and I will need to keep the tiny paper directions with the clock to be able to reset anything ever
Work fine, no coasters, but useless for labeling with any kind of marker, including those recommended for optical discs. There's a coating, presumably for people with special printers, that makes labeling almost impossible. Mine are going to the thrift shop.
They seemed great at first, but in less than two months, 3 of the 5 cables no longer work. =(
this is an ok box for management. It packs flat so it's easy on the environment and it snaps together with small plastic dowel-like dove tails. The problem is that it is constantly coming apart. I have taped it together and think the best solution finally will be to glue it so it doesn't separate everytime you yank a cord or cable out of it. The should send you some glue with it. but all in all it's a decent looking light weight box with adequate vents for cords etc.
This sure seems to fit my case but good luck keeping it on. The top has a sticky piece inside but the bottom is constantly coming off and shifting positions. The little sticker is the only reason I didnt lose my earbuds and case more than once. I have since added more double stick tape but ita still always a fear that the case will lose hold of my case and I wont realize I've lost them.
I bought to use on my older Boston acoustic micro surround sound speakers. Product looked great and was easy to install. These are made for light weight speakers. Mine are not light.
I love all of the color options, but these get dirty pretty quickly so I have used most and some are now unusable because of how dirty they look.
Headband is very hard to install.
It's pretty good just to keep in the car.
I like it because it was small and very comfortable. The problem was I even have for a full month or more and the back side broke off . Amazon refunded me and that was great . Over all it could stand a few improvements and it would be a very nice product
When using it for phone calls I hear fine but on the other end they hear everything around me. No noise cancellation at all apparently
Expected as wireless headphone for TV watching but it is not wireless
I had these speakers for 2 days and had to return them. They sound spectacular, as long as you keep the device you're streaming from within a few feet of the parent speaker. Once you move a few feet away, the bluetooth functionality goes downhill fast. I'm not sure if the speaker is defective, or it's just poor design. But, they should at least have an auxiliary input. The speakers were pretty much useless. I did my due diligence and tried different devices, different methods of streaming, i.e. via Sirius, or Spotify versus having the music stored locally on the device. Different speaker positioning, close, tried to avoid obstructions. Same result, skipping audio. It's sad, because when the actually worked, they sounded quite good.
It does work but I would have to wait and un-pull and pull it back in, but I don't know if its because of my car (2007 Toyota Camry)
Not very well built.
These feel cheap and the LED's only make it worse. To be honest, these remind me of something you might purchase at a fair or festival.. cheap and flashy.
I had cancelled the order for these speaker. so never used them.
The headphones are good but they just die on you after a few weeks so I just returned them before I got stuck with them.
I've only had this for a few hours so can't rate quality at this point. My issue is with the outlet configuration. I'm just trying to plug computer, modem and router. The shapes/sizes of the plugs on my components make it very difficult to plug them all into the backup outlets. Although there are 4 backup outlets, there is not room to add a 4th component. Space between outlets is tight. My old APS ups had a better configuration. I may have to return this version and find a unit that has more space between the outlets.
One battery works great. One was dead on arrival. The one that works is a great replacement for my OEM battery. The other is a paperweight.
The sound is OK, not great and not much base. The trim, shown in photo, started falling off not long after it arrived. It will now not stay on at all.
Great design and sound quality was good, but it stopped syncing with my iPhone in less than 1 year. Since it's still under the warranty, I contacted Optima customer service for replacement. Their customer service experience is not great..Entered the information and the proof of purchase online then the customer service rep emailed after some time and asked again for the proof. Ok, I sent it again, then nothing happened for 1 month until I contacted them. A few days later, the rep asked me if I sent the defective back. No, no one told me to do that. She didn't even provide the return address, and the return shipment would be on me... It's kinda unprofessional and unkind. At this point, I rather want some kind of money back and get Apple EarPods.
Excellent and works wonderfully
First, the product is from China. So, inevitably, the quality is very low. However, the main unit works as intended. How long that lasts, we shall see...it's only the second day of use since I got it. My main issue is with the remote control unit that came with the product. It is extremely cheaply made, which would be somewhat okay if it worked as intended too. But some of the buttons do not work and I can't change channel outputs without manually pressing the button on the main unit. The number 2 and 3 buttons do not work, and the number 1 and 4 buttons have to be pressed really hard for the IR receiver to catch the signal. Needless to say, this is going back. However, if you get this product, and it works as intended right out of its packaging, and you use it very very sparingly, you may get a year or so out of it...but that is me being nice about the whole product.
The MP3 player itself is not bad. I dont know what they were thinking about the headset. It might fit a cat, it sure doesnt fit me. Instead I use my normal headphones that I use with my smartphone.
Didn't fit very well, and the Bluetooth block was a bit 'cheap' in the way it was integrated into the knit hat.
I was looking for a replacement for my headset I've had for 6 years. These are great. Changed from 5 stars to 3 stars. The headset answers calls with me pressing the answer button. Not happy about that feature.
Battery still drains quickly
Broke within 2 weeks of normal use
Anyone know where the attachment to hang it goes?
Good condition and was easy to install.
I have a hearing problem and the sound wasn't as good as I'd like.
I thought from the reviews that this would be a fairly loud speaker. It is not. Sound quality is great, but even in a small room it is much quieter than I had hoped for.
However, the FM radio doesn't work. Everything else is good. Chinese dude with little English skills wrote the instructions.... but who needs them? Good sound. Easy Bluetooth connect.
The cover color is very appealing; however, dispite taking good care of it, it is imposible to keep it from getting all scratch. My neice told me about this cover; hers have a leathery finishing that prevents marking and scratching. The one I got has a metalic, plastic like finishing that is more prone to markings. No happy, I would have preffer to buy a more durable cover. I will a picture for you guys to see what I am talking about.
These have great sound and bass production, but serious issues with initial pairing each time and staying synced/paired with each other during use. I kept them bc when they work, the sound is great. Too bad such a pain tho.
The sound is OK, but the earbuds fall out of my ears with almost any activity no matter what size earpiece I put on. I ended up wearing a sweatband while running, not for sweat, but to keep the earbuds in place.
Re-wired all of the television cabling in my house using these connectors on triple-shielded RG6 coax. I had about an 85% success rate with the crimping using the proper RG6 compression tool. Several would not grip once crimped, and had to be re-done. When they worked, they were excellent connectors. Time will tell as far as the quality of the actual weather shielding....
They said there was a app to control it and there's not
Issues with volume and set up. Just a fluke as others from Samsung were A+.
I will say the main reason people is interested on this product is because of the BT feature. Unfortunately I have tested mine and the range is really not good, you can't be more than 5-6 feets far because the audio start breaking. Also, the ports to connect the speaker one to the other are way too small, I know for a fact that cable should be more thick than the ones provided, this will definitely limit the performance of the speakers. Pros: - Price. - Sound (if within range). Cons: - BT Signal
It keeps being garbled sound, need to replace it
I ordered it under the impression that I was ordering a new item. Mfr. box had clearly been opened, some packaging material was missing, there were no user instructions, and there was a Kohl's price sticker on the box. Had no complaints as to performance and product showed no wear or damage. As I needed to open it prior to sending it as a gift, I didn't make an issue of the packaging, but still...
I was disappointed it was not strong enough to bring in many FM stations. It was a try anyway. Thank you
to large in size but does its job of protecting the TV
I liked the looks I didn't like how heavy it made my iPad would have returned but it wasn't worth returning when they were going to only give me half of my money back
Cheaper products are better (in upper Manhattan)
Notable sound distortion at lower frequency, despite good picture quality and ease of install.
The coil whine is very loud and annoying but it works. It's not very long. Also overheat sometimes.
This alarm clock has not really worked out the way it's suppose to. The lights are so bright and don't dim, the alarm is hard to set, and you only have the option of setting one alarm
Does exactly what it claims, Can't close the case with them on. :-( Not their fault.
Updating my review. This charger has already quit working. It's 4 months old and has been rarely used. Not a good deal.
this product made cheaply could work better
Does not work with MacBook Pro computer. Not compatible with Mac so we had to return! Could not transfer any music from MacBook Pro to this mp3 player.
I gave it a 3 star, due to the locking screw will not lock the pivot. the treads and bad. I used them to hang a speaker to the celling for my Atmos surround. the brackets are made well. just have a problem with one of the pivot lock; will not lock.
I bought this for the Bluetooth earpiece function to stop loosing them or having to dig to my pocket to take a call. The earpiece works fine although the rubber is very soft and it fits loose in my ears. Sound is ok not great. To keep the bracelet connected the app needs to be running and sometimes I close it by mistake breaking the connection. The app is bad and requires all sorts of access to your phone. Heart rate appears to work but the extra fit features don't work and can't work (it's impossible to get oxygen saturation and other stuff with a sensor). You can't reset the steps and the sleep monitor does absolutely nothing. So, in sum, nice earpiece bracelet. Forget the fitness stuff.
I didn't like the quality or performance.
So overall, this adapter works well but something that needs to be made more clear and with more emphasis in the description is that this WILL NOT WORK for phone calls... Only audio from apps (music, video sound, etc.). Be aware that if you need an adapter for phone calls, you will need the dongle that has two lightning ports. You can use headsets with a 3.5mm jack with the corresponding adapter for it and then plug it into the dual lightning port dongle.
Got these for my daughter for school, at first they were good. Now she complains that sometimes one side doesn't charge and that they die super easy.
The case is no longer functional and I'm unable to charge the headphones. How do I file a warranty claim?
I don't like it because it helps the airpods pop out of the ears.
As far as Bluetooth speakers go, this is definitely one of the better units out there. That being said, I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with the overall frequency response. The only way to make this thing sound great is to run it through an equalizer to tweak it a bit. Running through an EQ app and this speaker sounds incredible, but until JBL adds an EQ function to their connect app (or releases a standalone equalizer app) to allow the end user to level out the response, I just can't rate this as high as I'd like to.
I bought this product on september and the battery is not work for 12 hours.
Works but isn't much louder than the speaker on my cell phone...
One of the pair stopped working after a couple days, the other still chargers but will overheat if left charging too long.
Cannot hold controller,but still pretty good!
It just addresses the weakness wont help it much'
I like the design and color. However, it's smaller than I though and the tape is not as great even though it's 3M.
Just nit a great product
A bit annoying because if I use the alarm when it's unplugged from the wall with just the battery, it keeps shutting off.
Just wish the battery was a bit longer. I find myself constantly switching ears when I use them at work. Good for a workout or a long commute on a train. The case is awesome! It can even charge your phone when traveling.
Phone arrived with a screen protector on it, which is nice. However, there is a two and a half inch long scratch on the actual screen under the screen protector.
Nice bright light that doesn't eat up batteries excessively fast. Have to knock two stars off for the quality of the battery housing however. The plastic clips that hold the straps to the housing are fragile and will break if abused at all, leaving you without a usable head strap.
Out of 100 only 10 where asking me how I wanted to use and record on the disc, not sure if it was my PC but after upgrading from windows 7 to windows 10 all 90 other discs started working to be able to record
Arrived, but item conditon isn't what's on the picture they were separated & Not in the best state hopefully the battery's are not dead for replacing the real time clock in my Pokémon emerald cartridge. Will update on the quality & if there's any dead batteries. Packaging was decent but item condition is sub-par. Almost looks used but that can't be true.
I don't know it not working
I had high hopes for these headphones, but they were a little disappointing. First, when I record a video, the sound does not pick up from the headphones; it picks up from my actual cell phone. When I play back the video, I can't hear my video unless I put my phone right next to the headphones. Seems like a Bluetooth connection issue. I've tested other Bluetooth earphones & didn't have the same issue with the playback. Second, these are super cute & comfy. I love the looks and how soft the ear cushions are. I also like over the ear headphones, so these were great. Lastly, I don't like that when I press the volume up or down key on the headphones, it doesn't show on my device that it's getting louder or not. I'm not sure what my volume levels are at, but the sound quality itself isn't too bad. For $70, I think these are okay. Other people have a great experience & that's awesome, but it wasn't too good for me.
Good rubber. 3m tape could have been alittle better.
I was looking for a silicon case and this one was just hard foam. It looked very cheap. I was able to get it on and off easily and it did come with a screen protector. I ended up returning it because I needed something that looked a bit cleaner for work.
All in all a good basic light. I don't like that it's one standard height and there's no way to adjust it without piling up books and setting it up high.
It works well. I wish it lasted longer but it is what it is.
Nothing is perfect. It works well for the money. Drops a call every now and then when answer to talk. No big deal.
Its working but I cant get setup menu button to work
Great sturdy cable! Looks long lasting. I just hope they are all 3 feet long. Since the longer one charges slower. The 3 feet works great
This would have 5 stars but it cut my internet speed in half, 200 Mbps down to 91 Mbps. Other than that an awesome product.
Ours broke and we needed a replacement. I found this one and it worked perfectly. Its now 5 months later and the down and back keys aren't working as well. (Probably cause its one of the most used keys.) I'm very satisfied with the price to value so I will be buying another.
The pockets inside the bag are not thought out well. It makes it hard for this bag to be used for general daily purposes. It is only best for thin books and laptops. Otherwise good quality.
The speaker is nice looking, small and light. It looks exactly as the photo shows. The sound is ok. Definitely not Bose quality or even close to it. But for $18 the sound quality matches the price. I'm using this speaker for my bedroom, so it's fine. I wouldn't use this as a speaker for a large area like a living room.
THE BATTERY ONLY LAST ABOUT 4 HOURS BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT'S GOOD QUALITY.
I have 2 switches and we all know how sensitive they are. These glass protectors work great and are a must have for the switch especially with Mario maker 2 coming out...a game that will beg you to use a stylus to play
It does it's job. You get what you pay for. It works.
The sound is pretty good. If they would get a little louder, I could give them a 5 star. What I Love about these: When you pull it out of the charging case, it automatically connects to my phone. When I stick it back into the charger, it disconnects. The fit. I didn't know if the upside down, fill your ear design would be comfortable, but it actually is. It makes these very stable and I can even run with them in without them moving at all. LIke, I said before, if these got a little louder, I could give them a 5 star. I didn't notice that these were noise cancelling. So can't comment on that. I only ever keep on in, so that's probably why I didn't notice.
Bought this to tidy up some cords in my classroom (I'm a teacher). It's a bit narrower than I expected, but with a little work it fit everything I needed. My computer set up is now neat and out of the way! The included tool was super helpful in first getting the cords inserted.
This is a great solution to the problem we had of not having a DVD player to watch all the kids movies that my mother in law has foisted upon us. It can plug into the tv, but far better is the ability to let my toddler get her limited screen time anywhere she pleases without forcing me to watch the movies. The seller even offered to send a free car headrest mount so we can take movie on the road. It also has a usb and sd card port so digital files can be played in addition to the discs. The controls are so simple my toddler can operate it, and the swivel screen is a great feature that allows the buttons to be hidden from the prowling 1 year old determined to press buttons and wreak havoc.
These are good they work well
For the price I paid this unit is a good mix of versatile and portable. Good for visiting with friends or other small social occasions.
I love this strap. I use it as a safety strap when I carry my DSLR with a large lens. I am able to secure it close enough that when I walk long distances, the strap carries some of the weight instead of it all being on my hand. Only problem with it, for me....the carabiner is metal and connects to the camera plate which is also metal. So, when I walk they clink against one another. Bad news for a wildlife/bird photographer. So, I am currently searching for a solution to that. Maybe a plastic connection or a small strap. We'll see. Update: I used a bolt cutter to cut off the steel snap with swivel from the webbing and replaced it with an aluminum carabiner. Problem solved.
Don't be a fool and but HDMI cables from your local store. These are just as good if not better and at better price. Used these on an installation and they worked as they should.
These cabinets come in a compact box with foam padding to prevent shipping damage. That's a nice feature. They come in a compact box because the cabinets are actually made up of three rectangular shaped units. That helps to make them fairly strong once they are put together with the back panels. I have been putting together press board furniture for 30+ years and have seen the parts quality and chip board quality decrease. This is about as low in quality as I have seen yet, but it still works to suit a purpose. There is a faint chemical smell from these. The best way I have to put these together is to put the top box together first on a carpeted floor, square up the box and attach the back panel, then attach the second box, square it up again and attache the back panel, etc. I used some glue I had around for strength. The dowel pins are small. I have never seen them that thin before, but again they do the job. I bought two and have only put together the first one so far. The only thing I will do differently with the second one is to use small finish nails instead of the easily bendable things they provide. They should have provided plastic covers for the cams, but once the cabinets are loaded they are not visible. There are small holes in the top panel to secure the cabinet to the wall. I would have preferred that they not leave holes in there. Once fully put together the cabinets look decent and are fairly sturdy. They are just the right size to have six rows of DVDs or Blu Rays. The main reason I got these is because they fit in very small spaces and I needed extra storage. If I was looking for something more permanent, I definitely would look at other products. As it is these should be viewed as cheap and disposable but good for the purpose they are made for. I had thought about using two cabinets and building them so they are five boxes high instead of three. May still try that, and if I do it would be necessary to anchor them to a wall. The back panels are not really configured to do that because their interlocking "jigsaw" pattern is specific to three boxes, but it may be worth a try to save floor space. A wall of these things could look pretty cool and would be functional.
Good quality sound and very comfortable fit. Unfortunately, it does not connect to my Nexus 6P phone.
Bought this item for my cable collection,have not had a need to use it yet.
This is the second one I buy, I really like the color and the look of it. The only complaint is that it is slightly crooked. It is not completely straight, but it holds my movies and cds good. The other thing is that the adjuster moves very easily and sometimes the movies fall. Other than that a pretty good product.
A little tight over my head. But otherwise great. The material over your ears is soft, blue tooth connects easily and battery lasts a long time.
Does what it says it does and after 4 months of use - remote still works and product is working good.
Got this for Valentine's Day for my Hubby. Works perfectly considering the size. He likes it very much.
Good construction and I like the clip on the case where I clip it to my belt clip.
The older design was better, it provided more coverage of the screen as a whole. The new design leaves the glass above and in between the front facing camera and speaker exposed. This was my go-to screen protector, but I may need to find another.
Really liked how easy this case is to put together. With the glass screen protector its 360 coverage. The downside is this glass protector. Its not full adhesion. Its only double sided tape around the edges. I really got it centered and it seems to be holding fine for now. Its a great deal for full coverage and the case alone is worth the price. Update: 11 17 18 The case is good untill you remove a few times then it WILL break at the tabs that hold it together! If your planning to nvr to remove this case then it should last awhile.
Good quality as far as I can tell. I used two of them to connect satellite speakers to my Vizio 5.1 soundbar. They fit VERY snug, and arrived in a bag within a box with a piece of Velcro included.
Doesn't cover the other outlet and looks good. I wish the plastic lip on top covered the cord but it hides it well enough.
This item quality is really good for the low cost. I purchased it, wrongly thinking it included a screen protector. I went ahead and installed a screen protector separately and kept this case because I still considered it good value for the money. The kickstand seems decent. It seems like a sturdy case that will greatly protect.
Easy to use Connection is easy and long range Noise cancellation is not that good
Good Sound. I like that it has AM FM radio. It's a good size for taking along with you. I bought it for a Christmas present, I think they're going to love it.
I use these to clean my eye-glasses, and these work well, very clean with no marks, and the package is convenient for everyday use or travel. But there is a very strong alcohol smell when you open up the individual pack. Since almost all our glasses are made by some kind of poly-carbonate material, and so I am not so sure if that is safe for a long term usage for cleaning poly-carbonate lenses with the coatings....
Lightweight comfortable charging easily stay charged
I installed them using a youtube video I found online. They work great, just would recommend instructions or a even a link referencing a "how-to" when sending to customers.
A little awkward for what I am using them for...I DJ and use them to cue music...they are little uncomfortable because the cups turn and can be awkward when I am trying to cue quickly but overall good sound
Works great so far. Great color and texture. The only minor (minor) issue is this: the velcro strap that allows you to wrap the wire up and secure it doesn't fit over the plugs, so instead of conveniently adhering to the wire at all times, even when not being utilized, it is unattached.
Works great. Filters low and high frequency as described.
Dust guards are very delicate & easy to tare or bend when installing. I think the price should be about $5 instead of almost $9.
Great quality and performance. They sound great and I find that I don't need to turn the volume up very loud because of how well the isolation works. I even put them through the washer and dryer and they came out fine. My only issue is that after using them for about 20 minutes they start to hurt my ears and i have to remove them for a few. I'm not sure why this is but I guess it has something to do with how long the foam tips are... any solutions?
Big sound from such a compact system. I'm pleased 😊
Can't complain about the earphones, love the fact you can replace the cord if it was to get damaged. That is smart. The padding on the headrest could have been better. Sound is nice! I tested this with my USB headset, this one wins it. The cons of these headphones are it makes my ears warms after 5 minutes of use. The cord it comes with it is short, but I have extensions. I did not buy this for the microphone, so I cannot tell you how good or bad it is. Is it worth the money? Yes. I go though headsets if there is no tomorrow and I was tired of paying top dollar for them. I have a standalone microphone, and now these headphones.
This works great and a much better price than name brand! I ended up buying a second one I liked it so much. So far has held up well for about a month. One if them occasionally decides it can't understand me (maybe once a week) but if I unit and plug back in it's fine.
Arrived in good shape and installed quickly (with help from a more knowledgeable friend, a lot less stressful that way). Took about 10 minutes from opening the box Sound is much better than flat screen downward facing speakers. Sound not quite as good as I hoped, but I am hard of hearing so it might just be me. Also, have to fiddle with TV to get rid of some of the base (I hear treble better). I am happy with the purchase and would do it again.
Purchased this for a legally blind friend in her 90's. I wish the channel and volume buttons went down and up instead of left and right. She knows down and up, but cannot remember left means down and right means up. I would rate this 5 STARS except for the directional problem she is having. It would make more sense if the buttons were vertical instead of horizontal. Hope this makes sense.
They work just fine and are exactly what is advertised. This headset really amplifies my gaming experience.
Nice large strong case BUT thought would be in red for easy spotting in suitcase. It's black with red interior. Also thought there'd be pockets/compartments-is just a large headphone case with a small mesh "packet." Eh.
I am very glad I purchased this WIFI extender it really boost the signal in my basement. The reason I gave 4 stars was my router drops signal here and there. So at the moment I unplug the extender until I use my game room in the basement. But the product works very well. Would love to get a second one for upstairs.
Good bang for your buck !
I had one battery that went bad. Company promptly answered my concern and sent a replacement. I appreciate that very much as Quality is first but Customer Service can resolve minor issues.
Although I'm worried that the 2nd replacement b/t transmitter also died after using it for about 4 hours each evening for about a month, the replacement does work well to power b/t earphones with quality sound. Also pairs easily with the earphones. If it continues to function I will be satisfied. I must say that the SunValley /TaoTronics customer service is 1st rate!
Works great. The battery doesnt last crazy long but it gets the job done. Overall works just as advertised.
Just had this projector screen put in my new movie room and I loooove it. I thought it was too big at first but with some adjustments it looks and works great.
Reasonable at my location
Easy to install and very happy with the battery life
The slim 3.5 male connector is perfect for connecting to my iPad/phone with a hard case and plugging it to a mixer for live shows. I noticed the sleeve was not tight and started to unscrew itself from the tip and caused scratches to the cable. Screwing it back on was no problem by hand. Great sound quality cable to have in my toolbox!
Knowing how to use a product is always important in order to get the most of it. This battery used properly on the right power savings settings is lasting me about 3 hours or so. Also consider that different laptops have apps and programs running in the background draining the battery, you have to optimize your system to get the best use of your battery power. Considering that is a replacement product with a good price in comparison to paying over $100 for the actual factory battery, this battery is great for the value. Before posting negative things I encourage everyone to set it up properly and it will do its job.
These sound fine, and they seem pretty durable. I don't like the volume controls, it only alters the sound coming from the earbuds and not from the phone.
I love this Knife block ... And I'm not sure this doesn't apply to all blocks ... The longer knives stick out the bottom potentially scratching whatever surface they are on. knife blocks on the knife block are a very good idea. Consider that, designers. I just taped a piece of cardboard on the bottom, BUT , Why do I have to?
Unit would not work with a new 64 GB memory card. Had to use a 32 GB card of same speed/manufacturer of 64 GB. Also, supplied power cable defective. Does not power unit, but red LED is on 12 VDC plug. Be aware, unit uses a micro USB connector, so don't order the wrong in-car cable. A mini USB will not work (Too large). Pleased with operation using a 32 GB card and another manufacturers micro USB cable. Mobile app also seems to work fine, so far. Update: Manufacturer send a new cable to replace defective one. Took several weeks to get here from China, but it works.
My speaker is really loud and I'm happy about it... The instructions were simple and easy to follow but ... I didn't receive any cords to charge the speaker or connect it to anything ... and still waiting for a response from the supplier or Amazon
How do you pair 2 of these ??????
I have a relatively small size head. I don't use these or headphones in general much so they'll do. The sound is great, battery is great, look is great. But they make my ears very sore. I put them on the end of an ironing board to stretch for a few days and that made them a little better but it is still not right. I like that they fold up too.
Arrived well packed and undamaged. We have only been out one weekend depending on this battery to power our travel trailer but it powered everything we needed, including a small 12v fan at night, with very little power loss, it performed beyond our expectations!
First and foremost, this is not a paid review, promotional review, or anything of the sort. I am purely doing this review to let others know about this product along with many others out there that have gave a similar review. With that in mind let me tell you all about these sweet pair of headphones. These are my first "noise cancelling" headphones and I say it like that because they only really cancel some sounds, not all. Now I have tried on other headsets, such as Sony or Bose, but after further review I want something that was cheaper for the time being that were comfortable, have a long battery life, and crisp sound/good bass. After first turning them on I did have that initial sound that was crackling but after one song it went away, however I haven't had them long so if it is consist I'll add a edit later. Anyway, these are a fairly solid pair of wireless ANC headphones if your on a budget or don't care about brand recognition. TaoTronics have some fairly solid other products too but this is the only one I have truly tried out. Pros: Battery life, anything that I don't have to charge once a day and more life once a week is a major win in my book and on top of that the charge time is fairly quick as far as my experience as seen with it so far. Comfort, I can quickly tell that these won't hurt after several hours of wearing them. You might get some mild discomfort/ear sweat if you have them on and it's hot out but other then that nothing so far for me. Price, enough said. Cons: Not a recognized brand? Some people are seriously loyal to their brands and will buy any amount of money. ANC isn't as good as others but still works well enough. With that it is also worth mentioning that they will work good on trains or airplanes as long as you have something playing with it. You might still pick up some sounds but for the most part they are pretty solid.
Sturdy and looks great. I like the brown leather color. The handgrip for holding the iPad is elastic and very flimsy. The 12.9” iPad plus this case = heavy. This hand slot does not give a confident grip on the iPad. Otherwise, I like the look and the stand function very well. Happy with the purchase.
This thing is small like others have said. It's also REALLY bright!!! So bright in fact when I have the alarm clock placed around two feet away on my nightstand I can close my eyes and enjoy the nice glow through my eye lids. I'm currently on the hunt for a small strip of 5% window tint to tone the thing down some. Who ever thought you would have to tint an alarm clock!?!?!?!?!? For the price it's not bad. As for the brightness..........not so much. OH!!! It also only has one volume to it which isn't adjustable and the alarm itself sounds like a cheap kitchen timer going off.
Looks good, protects phone well, but fits too tight in holster, kick stand should be more centered. Otherwise pleased.
I used these with my Android phone. I like how they fit in my ears; they're very comfortable. They have very good sound.
Very nice stands, the routing of the wiring in the base isn't the most convenient and could definitely be improved but otherwise very nice.
This thing is awesome. The included instructions told us everything we would need and were easy to follow. My only complaint is the back bracket is quite tall and only putting the arms on the lowest position possible on the TV were we able to put the TV up without covering the back panel inputs of the TV. We love that we can easily move the TV around to avoid glare, see more easily from the floor, etc.
loks like what ordered
very practical and does not take a lot of space
Had issues with first unit, customer service was great in getting me replacement, has worked great ever since! Perfect option for people looking for small backup camera and dash cam!
The charger works, don't get me wrong. If you have the time to just let your phone charge and not use it (like overnight or while working), its an awesome product. If not you may like its USB charging option which comes in hand. Its kinda like a USB charging extension chord. Your phone will charge (again slower than usual) but you have some distance. The only reason it's not a five-star review is because of the speed of charging, otherwise a great product.
I like the picture, it is very clear, and the sound is good, it could be a little higher with the volume, but, it is sufficient. I had recieved the player and it seemed the one I got was glitchy, kept skipping, well stalling, and freezing up. So I contacted the seller and they quickly replaced the player no questioned asked. This one works perfect. Very Happy Customer. Thanks, Richard and Jeanne
This item has great sound. I wish the base as a little deeper though. When turned up to the max it gets a little distorted, but it is seriously loud! Overall a good purchase...
It works all you do is point and click. I ordered two one stopped working but it was only 6 bucks so worth it
It seems like it works. my whole ps4 doesn't feel hot like usuall does before I bought the product . One problem is the off/on button for the fan seems to be mis-align And kind have to push the corner of the button to turn it on. But so far what I really love is that it comes with three extra us ports
It looks great but had a wiggly leg
I really enjoy these headphones. They aren't necessarily noise canceling but they definitely block out what my roommate is trying to tell me. One issue is that when they are playing loud music, people can hear it a bit but also you're not suppose to play music that loud anyway. I don't use the bluetooth function much (I prefer wires over having to charge items) and every time a sound was made there was a beep at the beginning and I'm not sure if that's my user error or the headphones but they are great for the price. I did think they were a little tight at the beginning, wearing them for a long time would start to hurt my head, but after a while it seemed the plastic started to give a little more and so its much more comfortable now.
It works as expected.
For the money I spent, it sounds adequate. It's easy to control and it fills my space with sound with ease. It's not the best sounding thing I've ever heard, but I don't think you could find anything better at this price.
Just buy them! They don't take up too much space. They have a some look. They sound great. And they are priced great! Go, Go, Go!
Good quality for the price.
Works as advertised. Figured out how the charger worked.
I've usually been against flat cord designs but these seem to work great. I've had them for a little over a month now and I use them every day. The bass is pretty good as well but I've had better.
So nice I can extend the life of my Bose Quiet Comfort 2 headphones with these cushions.
Speaker produced good sound above 70% volume. But was mediocre below that. Bass wasn't there. But a decent speaker for the value.
Super comfortable. The sound was good but not great.
It does not operate all the functions. I was unable to find an original, but it opens the tray, plays, rewinds and fast forward. What more should I ask? Thank you
does the job and well priced .
These earbuds seem to work very well so far. i needed to use the smaller inserts so that they would stay in my ears. I am hoping they last for a long time. The sound quality is good. I use them with my waterproof I pod almost daily.
The range of diagonal input on the sticks is too short. Not at all good for FPS. Other than that, I like it.
It's easy to file a claim and they guide you.
It seems to be built well enough, but unless you have used keyboards like these, then you may have a hard time figuring how things work, Took me forever a couple of times to get the keyboard to even recognize the WASD keys. Try looking for directions online without those keys...lol Very inconvenient. There are limited instruction, nothing on how to undo or do what the keyboard was intended to do. I at the moment am using it, still uncomfortable with it, yet, I am determined to make it work for me. Good luck, hope you find it easier than I did using this thing.
So far these are pretty good. The sound quality isnt bad at all. They are pretty light which is good for working out in
I like that it tells you verbally that is turned off or on
It's nice however charging is slower.
Great little MP3 my younger brother loves it!
It's quite heavy and does its job! The manual script can add more detail to be clear without wondering... However I got one defected screw, will contact tomorrow hopefully will send me a replacement screw...
Fit on our old son's old Solo Beats now Dad has his own.
I wear these to work. Great sound quality and long lasting. Will purchase again. Last at least 8hrs of playtime.
I ordered my case after I placed my order for my phone. I didn't want to risk having no case on my phone. My phone hasn't came in yet so I can't say how well the case fits my phone. But I do love the colors on the case and it doesn't look too bulky. I am pretty sure it will be a good fit. Hopefully will know soon 😃
there could be more room in main pouch but overall a good backpack, comfortable to carry and very well made.
It works and everything but I didn't like how the beats logo is a different color from the original
First set died in about a month, but they replaced for free. Sound quality is great. Customer service is great.
Works great in my HP ProBook 650 G1 when my stock battery suddenly quit working. I am thinking of selling the laptop, so I did not want to spend a lot of money on a new battery. It works perfectly, although the runtime is shorter than it was on my old battery, which I kind of expected since I had an extended life battery.
Maybe I should have bought the turn off switch rather than unplugging it from the TV. Other then that later pic update.
Nice compact speaker. Not quite enough volume for my needs. Wish it had a manual switch to toggle through the modes. Sound quality is good for a compact speaker.
I really like the awesome sound. I like that I can share one earbud with someone else while listening to music. However, the description states that incoming voice conversation is transmitted in right earbud only. If you are sharing the left earbud with someone else while listening to music, they can also hear your audio conversation. Disappointing. Also, Reception range is rather short. I do like the self-charging feature case ( I can get several charges with the case before charging the storage case itself.) The case is small enough to fit in my pocket or purse. With this being said, I am still okay with my purchase.
Great book bag used it to charge my phone and for college and work but on rainy days my stuff gets wet and the charging port is not glued in place or something which gets pushed back
Good product for the price
Good case! It's white so your typical jean stains and what not rub on it. There is the writing on the back next to the camera.
i love it ..but its goes dead in an hour
These are the best-fitting ear buds I've ever had. My only complaint is that the wires/cables are tangle prone. Keeping them anyway.
These only worked on one item.
Great idea, will definitely get you up in the morning. It's biggest drawback is that you should be able to set it over Bluetooth, it is a huge pain to take it out of it's cover and manually program it each time when it could be a simple blue tooth connection.
They sound pretty good, considering you are just using them for sleep. They are nice and soft, and MOSTLY comfortable. The only issue I have is that the speaker distance isnt really adjustable, so they dont center on my ears very well. Battery life seems to be fairly low, but they get you through until you fall asleep either way.
I thought I would get better reception with this, but what ever. It does work and it was not that bad of a price.
Does the job, but it would make more sense for the small dongle to be the receiver so you can plug it into a projector more easily and could power it with a USB port instead of needing a wall outlet.
Great as earbuds. Noise cancelling just turns up the volume - I cannot detect any active cancellation going on, but they were refurbs, and the price was right, so...
When talk on the phone the other person on the line can not hear you but hear everything else in your background.
Easy set up and placement, and if facing in the right direction and high enough up you get an incredibly good picture with a wide range of channels in the NYC area.
These are great speaker mounts. I recommend these even in the face of the following [somewhat questionable] complaints: They were very easy for me to put together, but I have a great concept of three-dimensional manipulation and am quite dexterous. There are a lot of things you have to hold in place with your fingers before being able to bolt it all together. They're heavy for their size and an odd shape, which may make assembly annoying for some. The plastic plates which cover the mounting bracket aren't affixed to the frame in any way. Bass frequencies cause these to slide along the frame, and thus off the wall, very frequently. Even when just listening to spoken word. I'm sure some sticky tack will fix this, but I have none on hand. The second picture in this review highlights this issue. There are holes in the frame through which one can run speaker wire. This is a great feature, but unfortunately while these holes are large enough for speaker wire, they are too small for speaker cables and power cables. I am using powered speakers, so these holes serve me no purpose. The acorn nuts protruding from the base of the mounts lend an industrial aesthetic; which is not in my favor, but only a concern now that I am inspecting the items for this review. They're not horrendous, just make sure you don't scratch the black paint off of them. I wish they had a higher range of motion. In the first picture for this review, they are tilted down as far as they go. Due to the size of my monitor, and wall studs being 16" on-center, this was the only place I could install them. They are aimed slightly above my head; which is not ideal for music production, but works perfectly fine. All in all, this is a great product. Even though there are certainly better options out there, I would recommend these to anyone simply for the price and build quality.
So far so good! These have been a great replacement battery for my Dewalt drill. Much better than paying almost $100 per battery for the name brand. I use these on an almost daily basis and it's been great.
I got the splitter and extended cord so I could use my Xbox head set and mic on my com. Was nice that I got a 10% discount when I purchased them at the same time. They can be a little hard to get them to connect the first time but they have not slipped out
Like the sound of the head phones. Ear piece a little funny but all in all a good pair!
I like this clock/radio because it has all the features I was looking for. It has dual alarms so I can leave both alarms set with out changing the alarm for another time. Great reception on the stations I want to wake up to. Setting the radio presets is a little hard but I finally got them set. Overall a good product and what I needed.
Took three of us to assemble it but it's a sturdy item and works well.
I bought this for my apartment. Previously, I used an antenna I bought from Best Buy that was supposed to be an upgraded model. I get many more channels with the boosted antenna, and everything comes in clearer with better sound. There's only one station I want, but can't receive. It barely came in with the old one, but doesn't come in at all with the new one. Overall, I'm very satisfied.
This tv stand is beautiful, only thing is it is a little bit smaller than what you see in the pictures.
Its cool but it's not very loud
This is my first pair of bluetooth headphones and I have liked these a lot. Great sound- nice that u can adjust the bass with the app. Material feels a little brittle and seems like it would scratch but it has held up well and 1 small scratch. Comfortable but after 45 min my ears get sweaty. Streaming movies I notice occasional sound lag. Not sure if this is true for all bluetooth headphones. Not much flex when u put them on but adjust well to my head. Hard to tell whem batt is low although app does show u. Very good overall--a little overpriced you pay for brand name I guess.
A better sound and higher volume.
Clean reception and great sound quality. The mic picks up everything so be sure to use these in a quiet room when making calls. Easy to pair - make certain you read the instructions. Fairly comfortable and affordable.
So far, it's a great little camera. Easy to operate without even looking at the manual. The video card isn't included, but they're cheap enough.
Giving this review 4 stars because the battery life is not as stated. We feel like we have to charge it more frequently even if we have not used it in a while, the battery charge does not stay.
So far so good. I have not had a problem connecting my phone to the speaker. I received the speaker on the 14th. Today is the 19th and the first time I had to charge the speaker since the original charge. I have been using every day for about 8 hrs. a day while painting. I'm very surprised about the sound quality that comes out of it. I like the fact I can move from room to room with it and not have to worry about plugging it in to an outlet.
good earbuds...wish they didn't fall off when doing sit ups though.....
So far we really like this attenna and it works well.
Helps the sound out quite a bit surprisingly.
Great remote for my mother, works well , easy to program . I'm happy I got it.
Fits perfectly on my desk and the sound quality is good. The battery lasts a long time
Hard to figure out how to connect together but still very cool
Pretty good for the price!!
So far they've taken my sweaty punishment which is a big punishment. No problems yet as of now it's been 6 weeks of use of close to daily use. One downfall for me are the earbud replacements. They tend to cause suction in my ear canal and not stay put. They also cause an itchy or ticklish feeling. I use my old X3 noise canceling foam tips and they work perfectly.
It works superb on one Unit. The other not so much. Seems to depend on what level the antenna is at. The TV it works on is about 20 feet from ground level. So it may be structural interference on the one it doesnt work so well which at ground level. I tried to use a coax up to the second level, but it didnt seem to work so well still for downstairs. But none the less I'm happy with it.
Really like this device with such compact size. The video quality is good. I used it for two days and reviewed all the video clips, they look very good. I set my car number and it was showed on the video together with the date and time of each video. So far happy about the purchase. In addition, the price is very good.
Average quality but so far works well. It has a looser fit than needed but I can live with it. Can't notice any quality difference. I would recommend it for occasional usage.
getting a lot of channels. love the price and it has a remote also.
They function as needed though the inner bracket is a bit too ridged and cracks of bent. Not much give in the plastic.
Keeping it on hand for a spare in case one is broken,,Haven't used as of yet
These were part of an system upgrade and sound great.
Connects a MacBook Pro 2018 to my monitor just fine, using a USB-C to HDMI dongle.
These work fine, the only comment I have is that they get warm when plugged in so I would not use them unattended.
I like to use them to hear my meditation, listen to my audio books and on occasion hear sleeping stories. They work great but they can get a bit hot after wearing it for a couple of hours but that sounds normal. But the quality of the sound is good and you just have to move the internal headphone to align well with both of your ears and you will hear a clear sounds out of it! Also it so comfortable to sleep in too!
Cable works well however I wish the end connectors clicked tighter in my equipment. Usually with other cables I've used there is a more positive click or snap when the connection is made.
Love the product it is way better to buy these for $30 then to pay $150 for real AirPods the sound is good for the price, I just feel like they could easily be broken
Love these pens so well that I ordered another set. I use them on my phone and especially when I am doing puzzles on my tablet. It makes selecting what you intend to select a breeze. I prefer the fact that these like some others have a clip. My only suggestion is that they be stronger so as not to break. Removing one star for that.
great for sound talking through headset not so much.
Dust does get in through the back of the case but I loveeeeeee this product so much! I've dropped my AirPods multiple times and not scratches to be seen at all!!!! LOVE IT and I would totally recommend it.
My Phone X with the patched together wired headphones were always unplugging while on my scoot. Now consistent music with no interruption and when I receive a call the earphones tell me what the number is. Recharge is easy.
Can't really answer as it is a Christmas gift and is wrapped under my tree
Was looking for a wireless speaker so I can listen to my music while doing things around the house/outside/picnics/parties and took a chance on this. I am not disappointed at all! Has good bass and mods and highs are nice and crisp. I haven't tested how waterproof it is but will most likely keep it away from water anyway. Go figure? For the price and what you get it is a good choice. Set up/pairing is easy. Charging is fast. The weight is not an issue. Has a rubberized coating for good grip. So far 2 thumbs up for having it for 3 months.
Works great. Love being able to charge 2 devices at once.
Quality of material is good. However the print on it is faded.
These are a snug fit over the cameras, hard to put on, but look nice. Not totally sure why youd want something for the outside, maybe to protect the camera. Overall, a pack of 4 is a good deal and price and quality.
This earphones is quite ok for the price not the best but it works fine, I have been using it for 2 months now. I didn't give 5 stars because my phone seem to be rejecting the earphones, whenever I put them in I have to turn it around and around plug it in and plug it out until the phone accepts it....
Was able to use it and connect it with my roku box.
I left a bad review earlier because I thought the cable was broken. Turns out it's balanced, not unbalanced and it works in the signal chain it actually belongs in. Sorry for the misunderstanding, here's a better review since the cable technically does work.
I have lots of Rechargeable AAA battery for my home phones and it does the job , charging the battery.. Very happy with this products.
Easy to hookup and use. My husband can watch tv and I can be working on something else without distraction. We like them a lot.
I like them. They are good just a little hard to get them sinked up to tablet, computer. Sound is good. Wish the ear pads were a little bigger they don't fit well on the ears. Would work great for kids but adult ears are a little bigger and after a bit they do hurt the ears.
Comfortable, stays in place during workout/no bouncing or slipping. Sound is good but intermittently gets fuzzy/overrun with static, but it only lasts a few seconds. For the price, these are pretty good.
It was a good product overall. Sturdy, easy installation. Only con is that I had to configure a way to fit not listed in the instructions because measurements were in mm.
If you have one of those thin plastic sheet antennas, are hoping for a better antenna, but don't necessarily want to mount something outside, this may be the ticket. When mine arrived, as an upgrade from a thin sheet antenna, I was anxious to see how it would do, so I just set it up on the floor. Just sitting on the floor, it blew away the old amplified sheet antenna. Now mounted in the attic, it's doing even better in my fringe location about 45 miles from the stations I want. A little pricy, yes, but you get what you pay for.
Good case. But he never uses it
It really is a bone conducting headset. I used earplugs and it still sounded clear, like I had regular earbuds in. Cool. The headset vibrates against your head with music that has a lot of bass, and that takes some getting used to. It feels like there's a hair or a bug on you, but it's just the vibration. It takes some fiddling to find where they should sit on your head for the best sound. Funny thing, if you press them close to your head, you get more treble, but if you have a bit of a gap, you hear more bass. The volume does not stand up to a windy bike ride. They are molded in such a way as to not be adjustable, so that they may not sit in the position for optimal conduction unless you rig it just so. That really needs to be addressed. They also feel like they are going to fall off, and could easily, but there's nothing to tether them to you and the fit is really loose. They come with a nice carrying case and ear plugs for when you don't wish to hear ambient noise.
Good design to fit in your ears. Maybe use a mirror to get used to setting them in place in your ear. The upper wires above the split seem thin, and the over-the-ears curving metal seems almost fragile, but maybe that lightness and flexibility is an asset. We'll see after more wear. Initially pleased after a week of runs.
Have had it for 2 days. So far so good. Only thing I do not like, but may be a house outlet issue, is it does not sit flush on my wall. Yes did remove original face plate of old outlet. Not sure if this is a product issue or not. Have set the timer and love the nightlite feature. So far so good. We have a dual broadband router and I had nonissue hooking it up to 2.4ghz.
Haven't quite figured out how to click the hyperlinks but it's a good remote. It allows me to teach while moving around the room.
Works well I would recommend it
Great pack of chargers the different lengths is soo convenient. I have a different one every where. At work, home and in my car.
I ordered this for my daycare to Bluetooth various children songs, my kids love it and so do I
Great product for the cost. Not really noise canceling as it states in the description. Packaged really nicely. Great for personal use or as gifts.
The cable did not specify the wire gauge but is 23, which is much better than expected.
It has definitely improved my ability to understand and enjoy TV programs.
Instead of floating cables I now have all in one to charge my phone watch tablet and headphones. Only downside is that the USB ports are at the front so it's still not completely solving the cables issue but it's good enough for me
Price is great for this item. Paid double for a very similar one and they have all the same features. Bluetooth connected easily.
Gave it a 4 because they just weren't comfortable for me. I couldn't get them to sit correctly and my hair would always pop over the side and look funny. Sound is great, battery life is ok, just not for me.
Cheap, durable, great sound quality and appearance.
These are very well advertised. For $16 you cant really go wrong. They feel relatively well made and will work as a low cost option. As it says in the description, there is a lot more treble and mids. These are not bars heavy and are honestly a bit washed out on the low end. I think this has to do with the double chamber they have going on. The first time I listened to it, I was intrigued. I haven't really experienced anything like it before.
Works well but wish it would support more languages. Sometimes the recorder would be inaccurate at times.
Follow instructions that came with it. Works fine have to move around sometimes But I like it.
The headphones are slightly heavy on the head. The noise canceling is good and the sound quality is good. I would definitely recommend buying these headphones for the average listener. You are not going to be blown away by the noise cancellation or sound quality, but I overall a good set of headphones.
smart choice for everyone. I got tired from buying non stop batteries. And throwing them to the trash. Non stop, day by day. This is big relief. Just recharge and place them back. Just wondering why I never see such advertisement on TV? Friend of mine recommended me to try this type of batteries. Big difference.
Works great, but it comes coiled up & last foot or so just won't uncurl.
Great fitting earpiece that was really easy to mold. Would have been 5 starts if they had provided a second adaptor so you could have both a right and a left earpiece in at the same time. Price is a bit expensive for only one fully functional earpiece.
To be honest, I kind of chuckled when I opened this product. Its literally cardboard and felt. I couldn't help but wonder if the beautiful packaging cost more to produce than the product. However, it does work as described and turns out to be very handy. Plus, I got a nice message from the owner of this little company personally thanking me for my purchase. That said, I recommend it. Support the little guys.
Pro: easy to pair and compatible with most of common smart phone. Multi function: accept phone call, change volume and select songs. Cons: a bit too big and heavy. It is quite easy to fall off my ear. The sound quality is average with no bass. Finally, it's a decent bluetooth wireless earbud with an average price.
Nice little case for the S8. The pockets are really deep though so you end up loosing your cards in there and have to dig them out if they get pushed all the way in. Same with the clear plastic sleeve, if your ID ends up going in there all the way its hard to get out. Nice quality though and it holds a lot while still being able to close, the little strap is nice too.
So far so great! I didn't hook up the gps or camera because I didn't really need them. So idk how those are. The radio itself is really good. It doesn't show what song you're playing when playing through Bluetooth and the USB port isnt a standard port, but there's an adapter included. The sound is great and installation was easy.
Excellent response from Rob. Was having issue getting camera to work with Gmail and Rob walked me through the process.
Good unit. Use it all the time. I download my songs from Amazon music to sd card on my cell phone. Works like a charm. Worth every penny.
It was easy to install, video on Youtube is helpful and on point. They provide 2 adhesives just in case you mess up, which I thought was soooo helpful. My battery is fixed for now but I'm not sure how it will work in the long run - I know it also depends on me, but hopefully it doesn't last for a month and gives up. Overall it was easy. I'm a first timer so it took me like 2 hours, but I think without my silly mess ups it can take a person less than an hour or so.
Perfectly fits and protects my oontZ angle 3xl. The only thing I'm no totally happy with is the pocket for putting the charger, its reslly helpful but it doesn't hold it properly
Very comfortable fit and the sound is great. I'd like to be able to adjust the volume or the tone locally, but for the price, this is an excellent pair of headphones. Looks nice too in the brown leather.
The idea for touch control is very cool but in reality the use is not the best in case of accidental touches. Sound quality is decent but could be better
I thought i had found a surge protector that had all of the features I was looking for. One of those features was the angled plug that allows the second opening in an outlet to be used. The photos in the description clearly show such a plug. However, when it arrived, it is not the plug pictured. The plug hangs straight down over the second outlet. I can't put the surge protector on the bottom opening because that is one that works with the wall switch for my lamp. So disappointed and have to return it.
I got these in June. I run a roller on a paving crew and it's extremely loud. These aren't quite as good as earplugs but they work enough that my ears aren't ringing at the end of the day. I can also hear my music very well, they sound good, and I can hear and talk to someone if they call. They're really durable as well. I dropped mine today and didn't realize it. They got paved over with 280 degree asphalt and stayed there until a coworker found them. So around 3 minutes or so. They were dirty but they still worked. The bad parts: the clips that hold them to your collar broke after around a week. Not a big deal, plus I'm pretty rough on them. Also they're a little uncomfortable in the cold. I guess the silicone get a little harder or something because they make my ears hurt after a few hours. All in all they're well worth the money. I'm ordering a back up set after this review in fact.
Product does what it is supposed to do. Very easy to use and seems to be accurate enough to determine battery strength.
The headphone is nice and lightweight. Sound is good but not a lot of base sound in it. Charges fast and small enough to fit my small purse. The only thing I didn't like is when I put my phone in my pocket the sound is staticky. My phone have to be in a purse or hold it for it to have the proper sound.
I bought the Aomais Life to use in our convertible (instead of updating the old car stereo). I need something that is very portable, holds a charge between outings, and can put out a clear, loud sound at highway speeds. The Aomais delivers on all of these, and also looks good. I would like it to put out a bit more sound, as the volume does max out easily, but not bad for the size of the speaker. Overall, very much as advertised and doing the job!
Good product. I wish it had a longer cord but I knew its 4ft.
Used for my cordless phone
Holds batteries securely. Wire was not stripped very much on the end to attach to anything. It is so thin that I had a little trouble stripping it enough to attach to our motor and switch. But overall, worked well.
Best headphones ive ever bought i really like them. But i just got them month not over and they just stopped working.
Almost exactly what I was looking for, except an on-off button. The first one I received had analog audio issue and they follow up with a second unit which is working just fine.
finally i did find the gamepad to work my computer
Great headphones, and only flaws are need a stand or holder rather than just lying there while charging and the on/off buttons are too close and cramped with the volume buttons.
Honestly I only use the case for the charging case. Love it but didn't find any need for anything else.
Good quality just the color does not match with the adapter
Holds everything nicely! Even fits my 4 slot usb brick!
Works great in my MacBook!
Just like the factory remote
I tried on this headphones for two days and so far it is ok considering the price point. I would not say the NC is excellent, but it is fair enough. Do not expect complete silence, but kind of a dead wave surrounding your ears making the music stand apart. Good point is the rechargeable battery for the NC unlike other brands where it needs a separate battery for NC. Also note that the ear piece are small so if you have a big ear it may bother you.
The charging port fell into the speaker with the last one I brought on the day I received it so please resolve this and make a stronger charging port. Other than that Overall the speaker and the sound is good.
Great sound and it looks great with the rest of decor in the entertainment room.
I've bought a few batteries for laptops through the years that either didn't work or didn't fit regardless of the seller's claims. This one fits perfect, and works like a charm. Can't rate the duration of the battery because I haven't used it enough to truly tell yet. Would buy from them again if they have one I need!
the small phillips head screw driver stripped, if you make even one slip your tool is toast. I would recommend also buying an additional good quality small phillips head screw driver. everything else worked fine. Buy/use with caution. Edit: the company reached out to me and offered a partial refund since I already bought the screw driver that stripped from a dofferent vendor. If you have time to wait for a replacement part they'll send you one for free it seems. I'm satisfied.
So I do like the sound quality. They are perfect for me. 99% of the time I'm listening to an audiobook. They are small and easy to take with me. The only issue I have and I think it's a big one is the durability. I am always very careful with my earbuds. These do t always stay in place very well (to be fair I have a hard time finding ones that do fit great). So the right one got loose and before I could push it back in it fell. It bounced around a couple times and now it barely has any sound coming out of it. Disappointing for only being dropped one time. Update: after a few days of only one earbud working. The other seems to have come back to life! Very excited.
Bought pair for my son as well as myself. They are awesome. The only draw back is that I wear glasses and sometimes it puts pressure on the glasses leg and causes my head to hurt.
Works great. It comes with a fancy protector on the end of the cable that looks like it's part of the cable. No instructions. Almost returned it before some one told me to remove the cap
I purchased 2 of these. The first worked fine, until it got dropped on hardwood floor, now the radio works but not the cd player. I ordered a replacement, but have not taken that out of the box yet. The person I gave the original one to said it worked great, until the drop.
Good sound. A bit bigger than I expected. Only drawback is I can't seem to sync the volume with my TV. Once I tell the TV to use external speakers, then the TV remote won't work for the volume. So I have to use two remotes which is a bit inconvenient.
Works as advertised. Will put it to the real test in next few weeks to find out how long the battery lasts when fully charged and used in ordinary functions sans hooked up to power
Great item. Daughter loves it.
It's great to have the charging ports in a surge protector. great idea!
Voice through the mic sounds great, sound through the headset is average at best. No bass what so ever. They are comfy and light. Got it for 25 dollars and that's what I think it's worth.
Haven't use this product yet but I think it would work fine for me has a rotation and adjustments that I need
Like the fact that it's free of attachment to my cell
Have a hard time getting it positioned on my ear but works well once I do.
Exactly what we were expecting, sold bass in a confined box. Can control volume and crossover frequency. Simple and effective! Definitely recommend for this price and size!
This headset is so lightweight , made me forgot that I'm wearing it. With durable structure and custom tuned speaker, it's worth every penny. Protein surface memory foam is very comfortable. Even though it's wired but it has a long cable .
i tried a few of the other cheap off-brand cables, but none of them worked with my android phone. this bose cable actually does what its supposed to. i click pause and it pauses. volume controls work. click pause 2x to move to the next song. cable length is just right. not too long. placement of the control is also just right. about 4 inches from the headphone jack so i can always find it. if they were $10 less i'd give 'em 5 stars.
These wireless ear buds are a great value. Turning them on and off are a little finicky because you have to hold the touch button. Other than that they work great. Battery life is okay, but that's to be expected from a wireless ear bud
Very versatile ca-jigger for keeping your computer cables tidy and out of the way. By using Velcro to fasten they are re-usable and allow for easy changing of your cable layout. Good for computers, T.V's, gaming setups and re-closing bread bags when you've lost that little twisty thing. Only draw back is that since they are Velcro, if you have pets, fur WILL find it's way into it.
The battery is easy to install and has brought back about four hours of use while online. It is too early to comment about longevity or reliability.
So far the product works well. Haven't used it for very long but I will update if any problems or great things happen. Appears to be a decent product for the price point.
helped a lot to keep the earpods sitting in my ear, but have to remove it every single time to charge the earpods...
Among the better ones
Well made! Next they need to come out with one that has a charging pad for the phones. But it's cute and stylish!
All around GREAT. But wish was a little louder / fuller.
Better than expected. Better sound than other flat models.
Could've been louder but the bed Shaker makes up for it :-) Update now that I have had this for over a month one would figure I'd know how to set the alarm.. well it's a novel idea to have an alarm capable of going off when desired with weekday, weekend and single day options. I've lost the instructions about 3 weeks ago and can't figure out how to set it to go off 7 days a week and have been late multiple times to work or other functions do to such issue. Because of this I'm hesitant to refer this product.
First trip from SLC to PHX reduced the annoying jet noise to white noise. Sound quality for media was good but not great.
Great size and construction but not a rapid charger.
Very nice and solid case. Lacks that last star because the holster grip tab mashes the Bixby button when the phone is inserted. I took a dremel tool with a cutting bit and carved out a small space for the button to clear. Problem solved.
Fits the need and seems to work good. Charges my phones well off the USB and the plug is slim to fit behind my couch.
Good product for $. This doesn't sync with iPhone it's only a charger.
It works, and I definitely needed it. It just has to be perfectly aimed at the sound bar.
Works as advertised, laptop back-up and running.
I bought for a friend and so far it seems good, he was happy with the purchase, but I am not sure about other aspects of it. It came quickly and seems good. Because I don't really know the Battery life and the sound yet I will give it the benifit of the doubt and will asume it is good quality.
Was having issues with the TV connection and so far so good.
The one-sided anti-scratch felt pads for the stand base are thin and too small to prevent scratching wood grained floors...
Nice but you have to scroll forward each time to hear radio.
I have purchased these before and absolutely loved them for my work, exercise, and drumming on a pad. I just bought another pair because I don't have access to the first pair. Everything is still the same, but the battery doesn't last nearly as long. It feels very short for the listening time. I spend a lot of time watching videos and it seems I always hit the 10% battery notifications before too long. It may or may not be a defect in the battery.
I bought these as a cheap workout pair in case I break them. They turned out to be better than I expected. They fit well and comfortably. The sound is good. They are easy to use and connect to devices. Good for phone calls too. I really like them.
The 1st box I received I had an internet connection issue, but the company was quick to fix the problem and send me a replaceable which works great! Overall I'm happy with the box, but I do recommend purchasing the keyboard remote with it, because the remote it comes with will drive you nuts!
Good little filter, my one grip is that the stem isn't sturdy - so at times the filter falls down when positioning it.
Bought this as a christmas gift for my son.. but he was there when it was delivered. He was so excited when he saw it. My son loves to watch youtube and play games on his phone and tablet. It ended up used before christmas. Lol. Good sound quality. Good for younger kids. You dont have to rip your wallet for getting them the expensive ones. This will definitely do.
These are perfect for this area with frequent power outages. However, thought I was ordering solar powered fans.
I like that it's mace out of metal so it will be long lasting. It was slightly difficult for me to put together on my own with just pictures, but once it was done, I am quite happy!
Need to see how to turn it off after alarm rings but works great
So far so good just wish use time was long then 6 hours.
This product works as advertised. It allows for a bit more stability while videoing with your phone and the mic allows for better sound quality than the built in one with the phone.
Not an ideal for my fit (I'm a somewhat petite woman though)
Speakers do not line up perfectly with ear, but still comfortable. Overall a fairly good product.
I have always been using a gym gloves without wrist protection belt. So, since my gloves is bad, I decided to look for a glove with wrist protection belt. Came across the Gym Gloves by Sahara. I thought it looks neat and price meet my expectation. Upon wearing the glove, it seems to be big and loose. The wrist belt was long enough to wrap around the wrist a few times. After wearing the glove for 1 hour, my palm does not feel warm or hot. The grip or palm area is made of some breathable fabric materials. It is not full leather but the new type of materials is nice to hold the equipment with the anti slip pad on the glove. 1 thing I don't fancy too much is the knuckle that is sticking out from the gloves. I find it too big and don't serve any purpose. So far, I am happy with this product. So far, I am happy with this product. I will continue to update this review in the near future if I come across any good or bad about this product! For now, I am happy with this product!
Was perfect for my needs. Not sure how well it will hold up over time but hoping for the best.
Works well. Covers a full 9 hours of sleep. Few things you should know; You have to remember to remove the battery pack from the headphones and plug it into a wall charger. Then, when you're ready to use them again, you unplug the battery pack, plug the battery pack into the headphones, then setup the Bluetooth connection. Also, I use an adjustable sleep mask over these to block out the light and keep them in place. I got these because my phone doesn't have a built-in headphone jack.
nice small unit- worked plug and play with the tv-
I have purchased this twice now. The first pack both chargers work phenomenal. The second pack 1 of the chargers works while the other is faulty. Great pack just wish both worked well
Works fine at half the cost of Apple product. Wish it were a little longer, though.
Works great and simple to use
Good price with 4500 Jules. You can't find this price in other brands with this strong. But 2 sockets are too tight to plug in.
These products are good, exactly as described and even came with different grips for inside the ear. The only downfall is the earbuds i ordered were incorrect so i am at this time unable to officially use my straps. But so far they seem very good!!
Worked as should of! Only problem is it always stays on needs a off switch for when not in use.
Works as described. Using it outside for movie and sports events and love it!
This little guy works pretty well, certainly as advertised. I've begun to explore my sizeable record collection after years of neglect, and the Vinyl Buddy has transformed many into near new condition, although if your records are scratched, you're screwed. A couple of passes combined with and anti static brushing and we're pretty much good to go. One star deduction for the fact that it doesn't fully clean up as directed, although I've found that wiping it gently with my fingers while running under water helps. Too soon to comment on the useful life of this product, although at the price, a couple of replacements wouldn't break the bank. It would also help if the silicon pad covered a larger surface area.
These batteries are fine.. But I ordered them without making good measurements of the space I was going to use them. They did not fit. THAT'S MY FAULT NOT THEIRS. I do have another use for them and I'm sure they will work good there.
It's hard to complain considering the price. They're comfortable, sound great (with noise canceling turned on), have good controls and good battery life. They also come with a nice case and headphone/USB cables. They're good for flights and cancel out continuous noises well. Don't expect them to cancel out someone talking next to you.
These have great sound for the price. They are ok on my head for about an hour because the ear pads are comfortable. However the clamping force is too strong for my taste. The spring steel clamp is too strong and has resisted my attempt to re-shape it. The strong clamping does help make a tight seal to reduce sound in a noisy environment.
I am very pleased with the features--the reading light and the flash light and all the ways to charge it. The sound quality is good and my weather channel is #1. The siren surprised me! My only criticisms would be with any other radio--the tuning dial is not lit and the case is hard, breakable plastic. I bought this as a backup for my 20 year old Radio Shack digital am/mf/sw portable which has hit the floor so many times, you can almost see through the broken case. The instructions are good, including the info for non-experts that you don't need the antenna for AM!
The case had a strange odor and the wristlet strap came unravelled - not a huge deal but kind of annoying. Otherwise it has kept my son's DS safe when travelling.
Works as advertised, works with my iPhone 7 Plus have since switched to the Android platform the transition was seamless. The only complaint is the volume could be a little louder.
Its pretty big but it works fine
I have really small ears, and the smallest option is a bit big but they rarely fall out. Sound quality is great. It does not connect to more than one device like other bluetooth headphones I previously purchased.
The girls in the class loved them!
Perfect deal! Although I did take one star off for the very bright blue light indicator. This was for use in my bedroom so I had to put a piece of black tape over the light to sleep. Other than that it's worth the price
great sound, comfortable feel and everyone on xbox chart said I sounded clear with no issues.
Sound was initially good for a small speaker Unfortunately, the volume lowered significantly after each song played The + volume control then did not function correctly Pressing that control was just as likely to ;lower the volume as raise it One or two presses would increase the volume slightly, then a third touch lowered it back to barely audible Not really a functional speaker with those attributes Disappointed with the quality Will be looking in to return policy, unfortunately i didn't have need to use it for several weeks after purchasing Addendum: product returned. Process through Amazon was simple. Replacement speaker arrived a day later. So far functioning well. No issues with volume levels or changing settings Satisfied with the replacement if it continues to work as it is now! Very good sound for a small 12 w speaker.
Great value since you get two pairs. Seams where cord meets jack and ear piece are good, not the kind that short out when bent lightly. I like the flat cord, metal ear pieces, and volume controls in middle. Volume control slider is medium resistant so no unintended changes. I will be purchasing these again soon!
Antenna brings in unbelievable number of channels with an existing ten year old signal booster. It would probably be better if I added a rotator and had a taller mast but it's not worth the added expense and hassle. I'm satisfied as it is.
Very satisfied with these headphones
It's perfect for listening to my audiobooks when traveling, which I do often, either through the Bluetooth of my car or if I'm a passenger, through the headphones. I think it's great.
This is a neat case. The wrist strap is useful and I like the protectiveness of the wallet style.
Nice product 👌! Easy to adjust band size and install!
Not bad, it just didn't measure up the hype it had. It's not as loud as I thought it'd be and the battery life isn't too long if you put it on full volume, I do have to charge it within 12 hours of use on full BUT on the positive note, I love it's portability. I love that's it's waterproof and I can take it with me in the shower. The sound QUALITY is good, through it I hear the treble much crisper than through my phone or computer and so it's good for me at the moment but I do plan on splurging on something louder in the future.
very worthy antenna. everything fits the description. The channel quality is good I'm fully satisfied.
It works, it was used with the original cable but it works
This is for my 5 year old son. It fits him well and sounds decent. The only reason I'm deducting a star is because I feel it still allows the volume to get too loud for a small kid. It's better than a headphone with no limit but it would be nice if the limit could be set somehow where the child can't change it. Maybe a screw-down door covering a max-volume control knob. I'd gladly pay a bit more for that kind of flexibility.
This is a very good case. It's protective and has a good grip. It has a nice shape and color
The alarm clock is only controlled with the remote Very difficult to use in the dark. Small letters for big fingers.
Used it to help my entire nursing class see what was being visualized during an ear exam.
Very nice old style radio,.sound is better then expected. Smaller but still a good buy.
Work great. The wrong color came in, but not a big deal.
I needed sound reinforcement for my TV. I was shopping for soundbars, which are priced from $79 - $$$$$. I decided for $350 this would be much more versatile and flexible. I've been pleased. The sound is good, construction is solid. The design is pretty good - the rear connectors are high quality, etc. The remote is not bad, and I am highly critical of remotes. It is very large (the biggest of my 5 remotes)! I don't like it when there are functions you can only access from the remote. You can do most anything from the front panel, but you can't set bass/treble/balance except from remote. Not ideal, but not a deal-breaker.
I'm loving it but would be nice if the volume level would not go to it's loudest point every time I turn it back on. I don't even use it at that high volume level so there's no reason for it to go to that. Otherwise, a great mini speaker to bring around in your pocket.
Great feel. Had a few issues while listening to media but that could have been the media player. No issues pairing with a phone.
Comfortable mouse but had to return. It ended up being too tall for my pull out keyboard tray, didnt even think of height being a problem,seems like an obvious problem now. Not a good choice if you have limited space
Excellent budget receiver.
Just a note. Item was delivered... left at garage door not handed to a resident as said on order status.
Bought these for a friend who wanted these in pink and the pink is actually red. Like, vibrant red. Other than that they seem to work fine.
This is very basic switch, i need to get another cord to connect it to the tv, but otherwise I'm very happy. I do wish it came with a short connection cord to the tv, it does not.
I love these batteries for my vape. Get them somewhere else. They are cheaper if you just search them on the internet. Same quality for less money.
When I received the headset the zipper on the case was broke can't use the case for storage other than that I am satisfied with the product.
Got this for a gift for a 10 year old that likes to play teacher and connect it to a laptop. It's easy to set-up but a little tricky to focus.
Good product. The sound can be better but not bad fro the price.
For the price this was perfect! I have a stereo system set up in my basement, with speakers there and also in the living room upstairs. It was difficult to correctly adjust the upstairs volume while in the basement. Now with this IR extender, I can use the stereo's full remote control function from upstairs. Not just the volume, but everything! A big reason for my choosing this one was that it included a long cord (about 25 feet) that allowed me to reach the stereo from a convenient point in the living room. I do wish that it did not require a constant plug-in to AC power. Also it would have been much easier to run the wire through the wall if the longer cord had a disconnect at the receiver end to make the wire easier to run through holes in the floor/wall.
Initial order arrived with only one ear sound. I got them replaced with a new good working set
Flat charger not as good as standing unit
the sound is excellent
Pretty easy to use and helps manage the cords as intended
Great price, good quality, an excellent value. Works as expected.
A great antenna getting about 40 channels. I had a cheaper one and couldn't get CBS, but I get it now. The HD channels are crystal clear, better than they were on cable. Very easy to connect. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is they give you these little double sided stickers to attach it to your widow and it already fell off. And yes, I cleaned the window thoroughly before hanging it up.
Work great, battery holds good, - 1 star cause occasionally they lose connection for now reason and you have to power cycle them to get them back.
The ear buds RE comfortable and do not slip. Sound quality is pretty good. I have some hearing loss, so would like more volume and also the ability to change the side-to-side balance. But, for the price, a great deal.
But the single CON will be remedied with another purchase = A plastic screen protector as I read the glass ones tend to break in this cover. Other than that, this seems like an awesome phone case. Oh ya, it definitely works with cordless chargers and my coverage is the same (some people were concerned about the metal blocking the signal). That is not an issue for me
I live in these headphones when swimming laps in the pool 3x per week. They stay in with out problem for the full hour. Best with the goo in terms of sound, but also ok without. I did have to buy new set after a year, so I deduct a star, but given the price, I am fine with that.
Easy to install sure. The battery info is a bit different than the stock Lenovo battery. But this one works.
Price are getting higher than couple years ago. Price are $9 then , now $$$.
Its really warm but the volume doesn't go that high. When I want to use the phone I have to disconnect the Bluetooth because I can't hear the person on the other line. Edit: added a star because the company worked really hard to get to the bottom of my problem. They were nice and respectful. Responded very quickly. Would buy this again because it keeps my ears warm and I can still listen to music.
Works great with my Moto Z2 Force. Kinda irked that I had to get an adapter in the first place but I tested both. Build quality is adequate. Definitely not as nice as the moto one but it serves its purpose as extra adapters for when I travel.
Just getting used to using the mouse - but it going well and I think its going to be great!
This case is great for minimalists such as myself. this case is precisely cut to fit the iPhone X perfectly, and the fit is snug and secure with no bulk. The only downfall to this case is that it's kind of slippery due to the material. Overall a great product and a great price.
Bluetooth 2.1 is only thing need to be improved.
These bluetooth earbuds paired well with my MacBook Air and iPhone 7. Receiving audio was less smooth on my Mac but worked well nonetheless. Audio reception was best on my phone. If you have trouble with technology these might not be the best headphones for you. They worked on and off with my computer but I was able to troubleshoot what was wrong each time. They worked well with my phone, but you need to make sure both EarPods are turned on and once they are on, click connect under the bluetooth setting. The microphone works well; the people on the other side of the call told me it sounded fine, but I only needed to talk louder for them to hear me. I believe the container can charge the headphones without being connected to an outlet, which is helpful. It holds a full charge.
works well. i love it.
Worked great for extending range of a Bluetooth device.
These are very solid thick high quality connectors. A bit hard to get them to crimp. But overall solid.
Works great! Looks good.
It broke by it self pretty quickly. I took very good care of them and it still broke.
loved it ! Really like the touch of it , wish it was a little more loud but is still good for the price I payed
Bought it for work and it does very well! Only downside is the buttons took a minute to figure out as the language is not English.
Device must remain close in house , device must remain to right side while running, and best out of pocket.
It's very stylish and charges a good amount. But when I charge it doesn't really bite on the charger so it falls off all the time unless I lay it flat. So I can't really charge it properly while using my phone
Decent outdoor speakers. Replace some JBL speakers I had for 15 years and sound pretty darn good. The brackets were very easy to hang on my covered patio. Actually easier than the brackets that went with the JBL's.
It came with the remote control broken, but it is OK: I am Electronic Engineer so I repaired it easy. Al the rest is OK: it is in good condition (practically like new) and the sound is good, (After all, I have bought it used for spend less).
Transmitter may take a bit of a longer while to pair and re-connect automatically when powered off/on, but works very well and clear with my LG Tone Pro wireless headsets after you get used to the initial time it takes for sound to get through. But it does albeit not instantly at first. There is no apparent lag in audio vs video once the sound starts coming through.
Nice charger. If you have a stock band or aftermarket with same dimensions this will work fine. If you have a beefier band then it may not fit.
I use these every day both at work and for my commute. My customers complain about the quality of my sound but they CAN hear me, which is what's important, and I wasn't intending to buy them as a work purchase so I'm not going to knock off too many stars for not being professional grade.
First off, the audio is really good, but thats not the only reason why people are looking to buy a product like this. The s video causes a bit of visual issues, so if you are planing to buy to use with consoles that use s video then this is probably not the product that you want. However, the RCA works good, the switcher buttons are in a convenient easy to use location, and the switching function does work really well.
I like that it works for my HP Notebook. Thanks!
Great antenna and you don't have to put it on the roof.
As much as I like the look and feel of the cover, I am a little annoyed that the magnetic stand doesn't really work. It does the job for the most part.
so far I'm not unhappy, I have found some devices it will not work with.
Super cute item. The silicone case doesn't come off easy like some others do. Very good protection. Doesn't transfer color to the AirPods case like some do. Hard to get in and out of a pocket though. Overall nice product.
Seems once every 16 months I have to replace the bulb. These are of good quality, and cost 1/3 less than the outrageous OEM bulb which only lasted maybe 6 months longer. I recommend these bulbs.
Pros: Speaker quality is good. LED display shows date and time. I can play music using Bluetooth. Wireless charging is also working fine. Cons: The only problem is the size of the device. It's kind of big to carry around. It works on AC power supply so the device won't work without plugged in to power supply. Overall I'm satisfied with this product.
Looses connection quite often.
Earbuds would not stay in my ears no matter what cup size I used. I even used the ear loops. Just used them for sitting at a computer listening to ebooks. UPDATE: Customer support was great. They helped me out with the product issues. Great customer support.
I put all of Picket Fences TV series in this.
No issues. Seems like it b will last
Other than being a lighter plastic, the charger is fine. Speedy charging, and this is about one third the price of Apple's unit.
I enjoy this device since I can listen to my kind of music.
So far it's worked as expected; I would buy it again.
Software is a little buggy and the battery capacity is a little under performing in my eyes...
Player works well. No complaints.
Configuration purchased: 2 AC & 2 USB-black Wired extension cord along bathroom cabinet to end in a rear corner where I plug in a bidet. Extra outlets for guests to plug in accessories. Pros: looks great, mountable, comes with mounting hardware, good residential construction Cons/Improvements: 1) the outlet is covering the USB ports if you put in an AC adapter or 90-degree plug. 2) This uses a straight plug. Would be better if it were a diagonal-down plug. 3) had to drill a large hole to get this plug through the cabinet. Would be better if there were a quick-disconnect to keep the hole cord-sized.
The stickers are of good quality. I think I read that they can be put on walls but the are too small for what I had in mind which makes me think they are not intended for walls. Testing one in a closet before I commit to putting them up. If they don't end up on the wall, I'm sure my grandson will find a place for them.
Very sturdy and great looking. But very heavy for a phone case.
Product quality was good
Beautiful mic. Works well. But why send the bright blue and red foam mic cover and blue grip piece for a black and gold microphone.? Goes from Classy looking to trashy real quick. Oh well. Here's hoping the batteries last. Would love for this to be rechargeable.
The only thing that is bothering me with this controller is that the pairing can be tough sometimes but otherwise it works completely fine
Product is of high quality and easy enough to dissemble. The 1 star probably is not fair as being a newbie I had a heck of a time getting the wire positioned correctly and getting the 2 pieces threaded. I found it easy to get the wire into the groves making the threading process hard and when done you pull the wire and it comes right out. Like I said its not the products fault this was my first time working with this type of speaker plugs. In hin sight in the future I would probably go with the type that connect with 2 screws. Again nothing wrong with this product if you are experienced you will not be disappointed. If you are new like me you may find it a bit of a challenge but doable.
Over all good quality though i do notice background noise at times but it works just wish there was a way to keep it from falling out while out doing errands
Pretty good earbuds! The sound quality on these is noticeably better than other earbuds I've bought, and even some more expensive ones. What I also like about these are that they're pretty slick looking, and can be worn in a more professional setting without looking tacky. And of course, the price point on these isn't too high, so that's always a plus.
I'll get this out of the way first, the sound is average at best. It's a bit bass/mid heavy and the high end is muffled but this is still a great product for everything else about it. The case comes with a display readout to see how much battery is left. It uses the newer USB C charging connection and provides the cable for a quick charge. The case can also be used as a power pack to charge your phone (which in my case is USB C). The build quality is great, very sleek styling and sturdy construction. The single touch controls are intuitive and easy to use and the various sized earbud covers make sure it's comfortable to wear. I will definitely be using these for working out or in noisy environments.
For the price, it's great! You may want to get some LokTite for added hold on some of the bolts, just to be safe. I've got a 65Inch pro Samsung 4k tv mounted and it looks and works great. Instructions are a little confusing but not horribly so. The over the TV shelf mount works great and you can easily mount a surge protector to that.
I very easily installed this screen protector to my 38mm Apple Watch. Really appreciated the thorough video. I'm 3 days in, so far so good. Would recommend to others.
Works great meets all expectations. The buttons on my old one were worn out. This fixed the problem.
Update: after leaving this review the seller contacted me and worked with me to remedy the problem. So I'm adding one star for customer service. These are nice batteries. They come charged (at least somewhat) and when you recharge them they seem to hold a charge for a while. Unfortunately after using them in multiple products I found out that the AA batteries are too big for some things. I thought all AA batteries should be the same size so this was disappointing.
I had a smaller version that worked well. After years on the deck the connections started to fail. I ended up fixing those and installing these... Still wish for a slightly better sound but I'm picky...
so far so good. Have only charged them 1 time. Time will tell
Cute - fairly durable.
They are very cute headphones and worked just fine at first. The after only three months they stopped working. Everything sounds very hollow and far away. UPDATE: The company reached out to me and replaced my cord free of charge and they work again. Great customer service.
What is it to dislike? This is an amazing piece of tech, the tuner works fine as long as there is no nearby interference, otherwise may require an amplification antenna. The remote works like a charm. The unit cannot be operated without a remote (which might be considered by some as a draw back), but it does not bother me much. The touch feature that turns it on or off is also nice... The CDs are played beautifully with the typical Bose depth and width of sound. Piece is wifi capable and could interact / communicate with smart applications. I highly recommend it.
Bought this to replace a programmed ref remote that had a failing play button. I like the fact that this remote can be programmed directly from the remote itself. The color screen is nice but needs to be clicked on to use it. I would have preferred a screen which can be read without being lit. Programming can be done by anyone with decent technology skills. Problem is locating the manual online with complete instructions.
I purchased this as I like to hear music while taking a shower and washing my hair. It has a good sound to it but it is not good for talking on the phone while in the shower. Since most bathrooms have an echo to it, this does not work well as it is hard for the person on the other end of the line to understand you. If you just want a speaker inside of your shower, this works, the sound quality is doable. It has a weird sound effect to it, but it gets the job done.
adequate quality sound at a fair price
I haven't put it through extensive tests yet so no information on durability or battery life but works just fine in my 5 year old DeWalt hand drill and charger.
I like the product, I use it as a secondary stand when I'm away from home to charge it, helps keep the dogs from grabbing the ball and chewing on it.
good quality fan, Missed the part about it being usb powered. Need to order adapter
I like the older style better. Theses seem a little to fragile. Just my opinion. They work good though.
These fit my Blue Parrot 350 headset fine, and seem perfectly acceptable. I feel like the description is false, though, as the foam feels like regular foam, not memory foam.
Very easy to use, just plug and play.
I bought this mount because I needed the ability to turn my 50” tv 90 degrees to the wall, and I'm easily able to do that. The only reason I'm giving this four stars is because there is only one set of screw holes where it mounts to the wall. They're spaced for 16” studs and there are no other options. Whoever finished my basement must not have been a professional because not all the studs are exactly on 16” centers. With all the other mounts, this isn't a problem. With this mount, I was forced to move the tv down a set of studs from where I wanted it. Not really a big deal and it doesn't affect the functionality of the mount, but it would be nice to have other options. If you plan on buying this mount, be sure your studs are 16” or you'll be mounting it to the drywall.
The led light work good for on camera and at hair light, but the battery charger burned at the first charge
Great just what I wanted.
great sound. glad I picked this one.
Great sound, I would have give 5 stars if there was a remote control for it.
I like the easy tuning and the stereo reception on the FM band . This is quite a bargain , price wise .
Worked great. Slipped right into the opening of the Q-Logic box that factory fit into my nephews 2005 Tundra.
I like the product. Takes a but of time to fine tune but I like all of the options for alerts and protection. My main issue is with the app and Bluetooth. It's Bluetooth range isn't great (must be in same room)... Also, the app lacks watts in or out and only shows Amps. Lacks any kind of performance charts or graphs. Just shows last DoD, Average DoD, Deepest DoD, Total Watts Discharged vs Charged (weird that they convert that to watts but not live Amps to Watts...), Lowest vs Highest Battery Voltage, and a few other things. Some charting would help with battery health tracking. All in all, it's a decent BMS, my favorite feature is the estimated time you can run whatever load till whatever custom DoD% you choose is reached.
The case works is great but the use of the phone is not always as easy to use through the upper part of the case. Great product nonetheless.
First off this is a well made mounting kit but a bit on the light side. I mounted the posts to the surge suppressor first and then the top plate to check for fit. The support posts are about a 1/16th of an inch short of the top plate and if you don't put washers in as spacers the top plate will bend (bow) over the suppressor. Not difficult to do but I thought it should have fit better if it is made for these suppressors. It still works great for flush mounting the suppressor and looks much better than anything else you would do as far as installing in drywall.
Nice portable amplifying speaker.
I have used Apple Airports for years and it seemed that these units have exceptionally short power cords. Other than that they function perfectly and are super easy to set up and install
Its a good price , but cuts out if u turn ur head . Sound is ok . Not heavy on bass .
Great headphones for the price.
My daughter loves them. Not too loud and just right. Durable.
Great product for perfectly with my speakers only thing was I had to buy bigger screws
The battery works quite well once installed in my Pixel and seems to hold a charge well. The tools that came with the battery, other than the screwdriver needed to remove the internal screws, are not very good. The screen holding tool doesn't hold suction, and the small plastic tool for separating the screen is extremely brittle. A piece of the screen removal tool fractured and ended up stuck between the screen glass and phone frame, and ended up causing the screen to fracture during removal. Provided that you have a good screen removal tool (not the one that is included), this battery and tool kit is a good investment. After ordering a replacement screen, everything is working again.
Great product but headphones don't stay in my ears that well. Clip is very handy as you can discreetly clip onto your clothes or goggle strap.Wear it working out as well as it can handle the sweat.
I actually do like these earbuds, but my main reason to buy them was for sports application. It doesn't matter which silicon adaptor I choose, they will not stay in my ear when put to the test during intense activity. I use them for casual wear. The technology works pretty effortlessly and is intuitive. Not bad for wireless phones calls either.
I love how quick my purchased arrived! The cable was just what I needed!
Bought 2 of these to mount my kids' TVs. Installed pretty easily. Only hassle was that the instructions called for a 1/2 inch socket and after going out to purchase said socket, it was determined that a metric socket was needed - 10m to be specific. That was a pain. And the hardware store wasn't going to let us return/exchange the 1/2 inch socket at first, so we had to explain what happened. Other than that little hiccup, everything seems great with the mounts :)
This product is fine for the price. It charges the device. The charger is about 3-4x lighter than a apple's original charger. This usually indicates that they skimped out on parts inside. Feels ~50% of it is empty. Just unplug it when you're not using it to be safe. I saw people had sparking issues, they likely don't have a good power regulator in the charger and it might only work for 60w.
little strings to hang them on the end of the cable.
The earbuds are too large, even without pads, but it's not their fault. My ears are just weird. The sound quality and value are spot on. I know because I have dozens of sets in the drawer.
This mount works great on the back of a monitor either standing or using it as the wall mount. Micro PC unit sits in rack snug without any padding. Only complaint is that this rack does not come with a mount for the power supply.
These are very convenient. They stay put in your ears. The sound quality is good for entry-level wireless earbuds. They pair easy enough and comes with a nice case.
For $23.00 ... SURPRISINGLY good. I was pretty shocked to be honest. I'm a worship pastor and ordered these as a backup pair of IEM's. They sounded so good IMO that I ordered them for the rest of my vocal team. I also ordered a couple of sets of the 5 driver model for around $50 each for my bassist and drummer. They also love them. I've had super expensive and super cheap and everything in between. My whole team is pretty surprised at how clear these ears are. Unbeatable at this price.
Nice pair of earbuds! Perfect condition
This case worked for maybe 5 minutes before it wouldn't connect anymore. I tried everything with no success Update: The customer service is great. They worked with me to find a solution!
Seemed a good purchase at first ... my mistake. I thought I was purchasing Milwaukee products for a bargain. I never noticed until one of the batteries I received did not work. Both were a little rough inserting into the charger. Not a big problem in itself but when one would not take a charge at all (the charger unit flashed colors indicating, damaged battery). I looked further at what was available on Amazon. After the second look I realized these were knock-off Milwaukee Tool imitation products. I am returning and have ordered the real thing as replacement. I wish these had worked as these are 2.5 amps while the newly ordered Milwaukee is only 2.0 amps. Update - in looking at other reviews it seems that others have likewise received bad batteries. Not a good sign. But to be fair, the supplier offered prompt and free replacement. I was not able to take advantage as I had ordered Milwaukee instead since there was a time crunch on my project. Because of the sellers quick offer to replace I have improved the rating to four stars.
Just pushing upwards those buttons ( volume and channel ) is not easy but not a problem. still like what I bought.
what you would expect from cheap knockoff controllers, no where near genuine controllers in terms of quality but it's what you pay for. barely playable out of the box but they break in after a couple hours of use
Reception is fairly good. Easy to use and compact. Not as good as a directional TV antenna but much more durable. Excellent for travel use.
This battery is larger and heavier than the oem that came with my hitachi drill. It fits and works and hopefully will last and hold a charge longer. I really haven't given it a goo test yet.
Does anyone know the best way to get in touch with the company that sells these to get a replacement covered under warranty?
I feel like the buttons don't always react I tested it with my original controller
Not sure if it was the charging pad (it was likely the charging pad), but it did get pretty hot one time and the phone shut down. It's an old phone that we just use to entertain the kids, but after swapping out the charging pad for a known brand, haven't had an issue.
Very bulky and the cord is so thick it still has kinks from packaging a month later. But it works well. We have 3/4 things charging almost all the time.
I bought this power strip by mistake but couldn't cancel it because it was in the shipping process. Amazon told me I can return it after delivered but I ended up keeping it after trying it because it is pretty good. How can you not love a power strip with built-in USB ports and USB Type C port? This has 1 USB-C, 2 USB ports, 3 power outlet, and 4 ft extension cord. All the USB ports charge Apple products with no problems because if it is not certified, it is not guaranteed to work with Apple products. I have tested all the outlets and they all fit tightly. The plastic seems sturdy and durable. I have tried to charge my iPad and iPhone with the USB port and USB Type C port and they work just fine. I am glad I made that mistake because it is a good power strip to have around the house.
Simple setup and easy use. Love how fast and simple it has become to charge all my devices.
I like to watch my movies and sports events on TV loud but don't want to disturb my wife if she's gone to bed. I purchased a Skullcandy Crusher headset and used this transmitter to connect it by Bluetooth. It took me a few tries to pair the headset with my Vizio 4K TV. Once paired, the sound was disappointing (weak and with static). I then connected directly to the back of the Spectrum cable box audio output and, Voila!, perfect connection!! The sound quality is fantastic.
Pa try life is perfect and sound is so clear and loud
I like the wireless but I dislike the wired part it's not good at all
I bought this speaker about 8 months ago and I don't regret the purchase. The speaker has amazing sound quality and the speakers battery life is okay. I bought a second one for my mom and she loves it too. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a speaker if you're going to drop about $200 on a speaker and buy this one instead and save a couple of bucks as well.
Pixel 2 XL Owner, almost perfect grip controller for my phone gaming sessions. Comfortable grip, sturdy stand. The holes on the side of the controller is such a lifesaver design touch, you get to charge your phone and/or plug in your headphones while gaming! One flaw would be the joystick, thus the 1 missing star. did not perform as well as my expectations, unresponsive numerous times. but its detachable, did not mind me after detaching the joystick. IT'S A MUST BUY if you are gaming on your phone alot!
Very comfortable and unique style.
Works as advertised but takes a long time to install if you have a long runway to make. I ditched the tape and used some finishing nails in my nail gun to make the process faster. These kits would be so much better if the came in longer sections such as 4ft.
The spacing of the power bus is different from the usual standard. Other than that, not bad.
Works great. Great seller to work with. My only wish is that it could be open/shut with the car out.
Plug and play installation. Comes with the required usb cord. Great sound and a great price. I needed a new mic for my podcast, and this fit in my budget. I was surprised at the sound quality. I would purchase this item again.
It's a very heavy duty product. I was looking for an extension cord which is flexible as I have lot of power cords which take lot of space when powered in. This is a very smart device as each single station can be rotated and it can accommodate large power cords too easily. Another cool feature is USB adaptor which can be used to charge phone directly. There are two limitations with the product though 1) as I understand from using it, it does not has over charge protection 2) the max current combined of the USB port is 2.1 A which is kind of less if both the USB stations are in use
We got several channels with better picture than the cable we had.
Works great when it works properly. I'm still using it now but we will see for how long. Just doesn't like to sync well. But when it does, it works great.
Small nice radio! :D
Great all purpose mics. I bought a pair to mic the bottom of a piano. I already had two of the Patriot version of the same model on the top of the piano. NOTE: unlike the special version of this microphone, this last champagne pair did not have bass roll-off switches, so if that is important to you then make sure the MXL 990 mics you buy have those. On the plus side, these came with a case, a shock mount and standard mount, whereas my Patriot version of the 990 came with a standard mount and a cardboard box luckily bought on sale.
Overall, the product is very well made and the sound quality is very good compared to other headphones I've used. The touch controls are very convenient as well and the earbuds stay in my ear well. Only complaint is the product is a little bit large appearance wise, so it looks a bit awkward wearing them.
There are only three flaws I can find with this power strip. The first is that the outlets are too close together if you have anything bulky (wall warts, etc.). However, I can understand that if you want to take this traveling (I think this is too big to travel with, but that wasn't my use case anyway). The second is that the USB part is underpowered - ideally it would be at least 60W. The last is that there are only two USB-A ports.
I was surprised at the sound such a small speaker can produce. Highly portable and simple to use. One improvement would be a less intrusive confirmation when turning on, off, and pairing. It will say "power on", "power off", "Maximum Volume", "Minimum Volume" and "PAIRED" all at the same Volume. It can be startling.
I'm not impressed with the very thin fabric/zippered shell which doesn't seem to be durable enough to last very long unless handled/stored very carefully... Once fully loaded, the weight of the contents will work against the longevity of that lightweight shell... There must be another line which can handle the content weight correctly??? Any recommendations would be helpful????
I have 2, one of them is jammed
Excellent product for the price
Great product, works perfectly!!!
This case is really cute. Easy to install. Great grip. Unfortunately the outer shell has broken just from removal.
I was very happy to receive the Vogek headphones for my television. I frequently watch programs that my wife does not care to hear and she is reading or watching her own videos. The physical setup was exactly as described. It was very close to plug and play, especially when using analog inputs. The only problem I had, was the setup on my smart television. After plugging in my optical audio, changing the audio settings to Optical, and pairing the headphones to the transmitter, I heard nothing. I tried many different settings with pairing and setting up the transmitter etc. and still nothing. Finally, I went into the audio advanced settings, changed the audio from Digital to PCM, this worked. Once I was able to hear the TV with the headset, it was awesome. The sound was clear and volume control easy. The headphones cancelled much of the noise in the room (much to my wife's dismay), and synced up with the video as expected, there was no delays, no distortions, it was great.
Good value at the price, especially the car charger
Greetings . . . I bought this socket to auto shut off heaters because they are very quiet & have been inadvertently left running when leaving the house . The socket timer does the auto shut off for 3 different time selections BUT the reason I subtracted a star is because the reset switch only functions as a toggle back On . If something happens & you need to leave earlier than planned , The switch does NOT function as an off switch . I think the cost of a switch that also functioned as an Off would only raise the price a bit & would be a better choice .
I use this product to listen to music or meditations, the sound is a little "tinny" but for the price it's certainly okay. I have Apple airpods, who keep falling out of my ears no matter what, but these stay put and you don't even feel you have them on. This is not for phone conversations because there is no microphone, but if you have problems with other earphone when walking, working, or jogging, these are the best
Purchased the battery for a kids ride in 12 volt Jeep,Turns out that the battery was not the problem,it was the battery charger,but no more than I paid for the battery I will just keep it for a backup so child does not have to wait 12 hours for charge to ride his Jeep
Have great sound and solid base. The battery lasts a good amount of time.
Ok I do love this projection clock, its doesn't take up much space, perfect for my night stand and the light from the projection is just right.
Order shows I bought this In February. It's served it's purpose and I've got my money's worth but it did break yesterday without dropping. The outer blue plastic on the bottom left corner on the face broke so now getting another case. Before breaking, I loved the case and it worked as stated. All clips worked and no issues
This battery fits right in battery compartment of speaker. Works great....NO issues!
Our first wireless speaker. Love it, but it stops periodically. Not sure if it is the speaker or phone.
Good quality and good design.
Love it. Music could be louder but thats probably because my hearing isnt as good as it used to be ! May buy another for the other ear since my phone supports 2 bluetooth devices.
Works well for the price. WiFi sender is about 15 inches from camera. Yet power cord is 6 or 7 feet long. Slight flaw, the WiFi unit should be 6ft long so it's closer . Just behind rear seat would be ideal. Luckily WiFi unit just reaches my trunk in a BMW Z4. So unit is just behind me. Tried placing unit in my bumper, but video was jumpy. Had to drill hole into the trunk. Now video is perfect. Real time.I tapped into license plate light
Wish it would have had a cover
I love them and great support for the cord.
I ordered this for my MyBook and it's working perfectly!
My husband loves this, helps him sleep but the headphones won't last long. They're a bit flimsy.
I have bought this product before and never had any problem with them until my last order.the battery got really hot and started to ripple within days of being connected.contacted the seller and was told to return it. After emailing pics and serial numbers, i told them that it would cost me more than the cost of the battery to return it because it was shipped overseas. I got an email saying it the policy, I still tried reaching out but noting positive came out of it.
Bought as a gift, they work great. The app needs work the the headphones themselves work great.
This is an important device for all iphone users. It allows you to charge your phone while also using headphones.
These foam tips are great, they squish and expand very well to really fit into my ears. They really work well to keep out other sounds and they are very comfortable. No itching like the original tips. Having multiple sizes in the pack is great so you can really customize your fit. Only problem is the tips come off in my ear when I remove the earbuds. My earbuds have an indentation on the stem where the original tips would “snap” into place. These tips do not “snap” on to the stems because the inside is completely smooth. The only problem this creates is the tips can sometimes stay in my ear when I remove the earbuds. To avoid this problem, I turn the earbuds a bit rather than pull them straight out.
this product was described well and was exactly the part that i needed. excellent overall transaction.
The antennas work good, once you get them installed and set up your TV to scan channels the video is good. Depending where you have it set up, the picture quality and/or channel availability will have an impact on what is available for reception. By extending them to the maximum height or on/by the windows is even better for viewing your maximum channels that are available in your area. Does the job and the price is good as well.
We were delighted to find a compact shelving unit to complement our TV cable cords. The style blends well with our mounted TV and fireplace.
Great product, but be aware that these are not yellow as they appear in the image. They are orange. I only noticed that they are listed in the product description as orange, even though the color appears closer to yellow in the image.
Nice quality, but IO wish they made the speaker platform on top a little bitter
I love that it lets me latch my air pods onto stuff so I don't lose them. Like that it opens up so I can charge the case and a hole to see how charged they are. Only problem is that the case doesn't always close all the way. Otherwise work great!
I use this earphones during sport and they are really good against sweat. Only the part where are the buttons ist too big.
These work fine and come with a nice protective cover for the contacts. Tested in my Nikon D3200 and charged with it's included Nikon charger.
This product is well made and very durable.
Very comfortable fit. There is virtually no bass and sounds tinny. I use this in a Sansa Clip with FM radio, the wire is supposed to act as the antenna but reception is mediocre. Disappointed but what should I have expected for the price.
Came with a lose price in the left ear that is sometimes annoying when moving around but the product is very good for the cheap price and will recommend it because of the price alone
if your gonna connect it to a 4k it will work fine but for some reason my xbox one x cable seems to work better in the sense that it will keep the signal alot longer than 3 hours
Fairly cheaply made but the sound is pretty good for the price and the lights work so no complaints
It is comfortable to wear for couple hours & the sound quality is quite good, but the battery life is not too long (just 4-5 hours). The range of Bluetooth is not too far (10-12 ft is maximum i guess)
I ordered these headphones to replace a pair that came with my waterproof Ipod shuffle. Even though I used the smallest earbuds included, I was having some leakage so I used the ones I had on my previous pair. That did the trick and the headphones sound great. I would only suggest that a small, flanged/corkscrew earbud be included for those with very small/narrow ear canals.
I have a small head and small ears.... this works well.
Great looking headphones. Solid quality.
Received it yesterday and installed in my son's car just fine. Sound quality for music was great with no buzzing or background noise. However, conducted several test calls with car parked and running with mix results. When car was parked, calls came in clear but the person on the other end said they heard echoes. When car is moving, they said they could barely hear me. Other than that, it's quite good. The cord for this application was perfect as the aux input in his MDX was in the center console.
Tight fit on speaker
Not bad for the price my son loves them.
You know the story of my dog ate my homework....my dog ate (no swallowing occurred) my remote. My home theater and TV are several years old and I still have yet to get them programmed...I have other remotes for them. The plus is works perfect on the Directv box. I even have a second remote...just in case
Great product. Works well.
Nothing special to see here, not the best cheapo earbuds but certainly not the worst. Comfy and stay in well enough for the treadmill. Only "complaint" would be the small bit of plastic covering the openings to the drivers. I'm sure it was there to help protect the longevity of the product but it significantly dulls the sound of the earbuds so I removed them.
I got this for my kids and they love the night light aspect and the calming sounds to play as they fall asleep. I've removed one star as there isn't an annoying enough noise to wake up my kids. All the wake up noises are calming and they just sleep right through.
As many others have said, the audio quality is okay but not fantastic. I would describe it this way, it is acceptable for listening if you are most concerned about the tiny discrete headset rather than the audio experience. Unfortunately the microphone side of it is quite poor, I tried using it for a few phone calls and everyone noticed the poor sound quality, so the most I can muster here is for stars. Still this is a great value.
Price is good, instructions are just drawings. Design is good, assembly is required to attach to TV. Check set up to TV first to make sure you don't need to go to hardware store for washers to fill in gaps.
Bought a pair at Walmart. Same exact pair. Same exact price. These are better quality, but much tighter, as if made for a big headed child. Great sound, but occasionally cut out which is why I was replacing my old pair.
I was not pleased with this holster at 1st but it seems to do the job.
my 5yo uses these at school for us iPad use. Hasn't had a problem.
Hard to apply, but once on properly looks great, works as advertised. Satisfied.
Fit's perfect would give it a five but it's literally .5 cents worth of silicon sold for $10.
Excellent finish, if it would have had a new battery, would have given 5 stars
I really liked the product. It was very very useful, convenient and easy to use so I was disappointed when it suddenly it stopped working within 90 days. I contacted Amazon support who connected me to the manufacturer who immediately contacted me and is sending me a replacement unit. It's discouraging when you have a product you like and it fails prematurely but when you get great customer service immediately when you contact them and get a fast replacement all is well. Looking forward to using it again. I'll update this review if anything changes.
Perfect outlet expansion. All the ports work perfectly. There is a blue LED light in the middle, I guess to indicate the unit is working, which lights up the room.
The sound is great. The cable is a litle bit short
This is my 1st and only magnetic charger so I can't really compare to others. I have wanted to try these for a long time and finally made the job! I am happy that I did but it has its pros and cons Cons - it comes unplugged easy and occasionally says not charging fast even if my phone if running nothing and the magnet is completely clean! Also It tangles easy! Pros - comes with tons of different plugs so you only need one cord for all your of your devices, You Get alot for the value! I Love the sideways cords And lights
The adapter works but only from one side. But like I said, it works great when it's in the right side.
I believe one of the cables is bad but it was a pain to fish it through the walls so I haven't replaced it yet. The cable that works is very good quality.
UAG makes great device cases! This one is very similar to the UAG case I purchased for my Ipad Pro. The only reason this review is not 5 stars, the flip cover is not detachable (like the one for the ipad)! This makes me sad. It makes taking pics a little aggravating. Otherwise, it's awesome!
Had issues with my new dot hearing me now it works without repeating Alexa. Would recommend and nice to get off the kitchen counter.
I like the 500 watts of power just what I needed
I needed these earbuds to replace my old ones, the only thing I was looking for was the battery life, and these buds have long battery life, the sound quality turns out not bad at all. The price with the coupon is a plus too, overall they are pretty good for a replacement.
Excellent receiver. Grate Sound . Lots of inputs but no outputs other than hdmi tv. I can not get zone 2 pre amp to put out anything. When I plug in the head phones. All the speakers go off. If I wanted the speakers off I should hit the mute button.
USB and Type C ports in one charging block is very convenient! It's a little bulky but works like a champ!
Great deal on these my kids love theirs.
Got it as a back up for a job . Haven't tried it yet.
The battery has been a bit spotty lately. When I do get to use it, it works quite well. The unit itself has its own speaker which is good for using it as a voice recorder
Wide variety of cars the were color coordinated with associated disney character. Not built to the quality of hot wheel cars that I grew up with but a good buy for the price.
It is pretty cool. Disappointed with the bass. It doesn't seem to have deep bass. Compared to my Doss soundbox. Buy 2 if you want to enjoy filling sound. And good stereo separation.
This product allows you, even after mounted, to swivel left and right freely. Even with putting a 65" on it, it moves fairly easily. But once in place, the up and down pivoting is not as easy. Overall very happy with it.
Works well. It's just annoying when you try to retract the aux cord and instead of retracting, it extends even more. Then you have to extend it to its full length and then retract it. This happens even when I pull the cord from both sides as I am supposed to.
The color & design are as described, but the screen protector has a crease in it & won't adhere to the phone correctly. I guess I need to order a better one.
I hate that when the battery is low, it turns the sound all the way down. Also, I see no indication of the battery level while in use. Maybe I just don't know how to check the battery life but nothing indicates it. Idk where the manual is at this point.
Looks to be great quality. Only reason for not giving a 5 star is the end that plugs in my iPhone is a little larger and I have difficulty pushing it in past my case.
Only reason for 4 stars is material quality. Otherwise the product works as specified. Great battery life. Easily connects to both Apple and android devices. The range is MUCH better than I anticipated (over 30 feet easily) I was able to leave my phone in the kitchen then walk all the way to my mailbox and still listen to music. Sound quality is decent. It's what you'd expect with 18$ headphones but enough to enjoy your music.
These are not PowerBeats Pro quality, but they are a tenth of the price. Only used twice.
nice compact works great in landscape or portrait mode
I purchased this for my John Deer tractor/mower and couldn't be happier with the product. It was easy to install, it's lasted as expected (I've had the battery for about six months), and was delivered as expected.
It works, a bit cumbersome to use with a laptop on a desk but can be done
I love these earbuds, because I can sleep with them all night long, but..... the microphone fell out of one bud (after I turned it, probably too much), but I ordered 2 more because they ARE so good and I love how they fit in my ears.
I love that it is so small and lightweight it is not hefty to carry all day. The side power/record button just takes a bit of effort to use, maybe needs a redesign on that button. Id also like to see a 1/4" screw mount on the back so it can be placed on a stand (as zoom recorders do). I wish it is more affordable, $200 foe a small gadget seem too much. But Im happy with this purchase
I was hoping that I would be able to use this with Netflix. I can not get the sound to come thru on Amazon fire stick
Im going to be honest, for the prize its really good, the sound is even better than some expensive headphones, i bought the mic version, and the microphone works, but my friends have told me that it makes a lot of weird noises and that it is really low, good product, i recomend it for the quality of the sound, not the microphone
My daughter has torn up some earphones. These have great sound for the price. Well worth it
This was great reall helped me organize a very visible set of cables. Would have liked multiples of fewer Velcro (and possibly less neon) colors to really help track what the cables went to, but not a huge deal. Loved that they also included some twist tie wire which let me secure the neoprene to the leg of my table. Overall really pleased.
Above average looks and sound. The power switch operation is not convenient
not enough info on how to put vinyl on iPod
Great sound for the money.
I love these headphones. But there is one thing that bothers me. There is a blue light that flashes as you use them and it reflects off of my glasses. It can be really annoying.
The bass on these hits hard! The highs are not as delicate or refined as more expensive name brand ones. Can't beat these for the price paid. The braided mic cable was better than expected.
straight forward worked perfect
Battery life a little confusing since it says 24hours but only last around half the day...
Has been working fine for a few months. The part that spins the discs is alittle bit on the loud side though.
Works good to hear conversations on the tv better although not perfect. Love the portability of it though. If eating at the table or cooking, can move it with you. I have even sat out on the deck and listened.
I like the Protective housing but I believe it should have a gasket around the two connecting parts.
It works pretty well but I have to dock a star for the automatic input switching with no apparent way of disabling it. With four devices plugged in it's virtually impossible to keep them all from turning on and off at will. Say I'm watching my cable box and i enable WiFi on my phone. Boom, it switches to Chromecast screensaver because the Chromecast turns itself on whenever it detects a device capable of casting to it on the same network. I've basically had to go into all the settings of my devices and TV and turn off automatic everything and i still haven't found all the options because it still randomly happens on occasion and it's very annoying. So i end up unplugging badly behaving devices and then what's the point of having the switch if i have to get up and plug in a device? Pls comment if you know how to stop it from doing this
This is my second purchase of this portable cd, my friend like it so much i bought for her birthday.... we loved the gold color the cd is easy to use and the sound is good... we have been playing our old cds everyday and dive in nostalgia.... we tried the radio and its works fine.... buttons are a bit small.... people like me that know cd is a bit older and have tired eyes so i would recommend bigger buttons.
This product was just perfect for my new mini. I recommend it
I work at a call center at my job which is a fairly new position since the business grew pretty rapidly. I spent about eight hours on the phone sometimes 10 hours and after all day my ear does get a little sore, but over all these are really great . I think my only real complaint is that I can't hear myself talking to the patients like you would be able to on a regular handheld phone .
I like that this product includes accessories. The charger is not as well made as the original buy gets the job done. The included tool is very handy.
Good looking and works well.
This little device let me move my old TV into ,my office to listen to anything on my HT receiver's Zone 2 out. The HD picture quality is flawless, and the remote blaster works with my source devices (though not with my Yamaha HT receiver - I have to use a smartphone app to switch Zone 2 output). Very good result for the price, and I sent back another brand of the same type of device. Update: after a year and a half of use and a recent move, this thing died on me - I can't get a signal out of the receiver no matter what I do. Sigh. Unclear if I will replace with the same unit.
I work in a fabrication shop and so far they have held up very well. Length is just about perfect, phone in my pocket with the other end plugged into my earmuffs. Most of my coworkers use Bluetooth. By the middle of the day they are recharging while I can pretty much keep going the whole shift. The 90° plug is great for keeping side stress off the 3.5mm jack while my phone is in my pocket. I could see it not working if you have a thick/bulky case on your phone tho. The 90° would also be good in a tight spot if you need to plug something in. (Say your device is close to a wall) The cord hanging down instead of straight out keeps stress off the jack as well. It also would also reduce the chance of someone walking too close and breaking the plug/jack if they caught it.
These are pretty good over the ear headphones. I like the noise cancellation, it's nice that I can turn it on with the flick of a switch. The battery lasts pretty long and I haven't had any issues using them. I don't really like the feeling of the foam cups. They feel a bit cheap and don't really help with noise canceling. The case is really nice, it's helpful when packing for trips just to have everything in one place. I think these headphones are good. There are some improvements that could be made, but they work well nonetheless.
It's working fine but the range is shorter than what it's suppose to be. But the overall quality is not bad and I'm happy with it
Used for church. So far so good. Seems to go through a lot of batteries. But sound is pretty good but it is more of singing or speaking right into the microphone. Not too good for those who like to hold. Microphone away from their voice.
Came quick, and was pretty fine. The album itself was a little damaged at the edges and the poster came ripped in certain places.
It has good sound. I bought it because it plays CD-R and CD-RW as well as factory CD's
The case is made by Pelican and is very durable. The magnets could be stronger.
My daughter loves playing with this instrument. It has a pretty sound.
Nice solid headphones at a good price. Long lasting and stay in better than AirPods. Had a technical issue where they stopped pairing between headphones a month in. Tried everything the instruction manual says to do to restart it. Was nice while it lasted. EDIT: the company responded to my message here with a fix that was different than the manual. It corrected the issue. Happy again.
These cord organizers work well. I wish they offered a size assortment rather than all one (small) size. This size is really only good for very small/short cords like earbuds etc.
Works well with iPhones, easy to setup.
I purchased the item for use in my classroom. It gives me the freedom to move around in my classroom and still have control over my presentations while teaching. The price was right so I grabbed this one and I don't regret it. I love the laser pointer and the sliding power button. No accidently turning it off!
This is exactly what I needed. Nice and snug going on with no chance of letting go of the European plug. Good product at a good price!
The wrist bracelet could be made better, but overall good cheap MP3.
Easy to use. So far time is accurate. Wish alarm on/off button was located in a better place. 5 stars otherwise. Dimmer light at night is great!
I've been using Anker charging products for years with great satisfaction, so I figured it would be safe to buy this inexpensive speaker. WRONG! The packaging was great as is typical with Anker, but the product simply does not work as advertised. Not sure if I got a lemon or not, but I'd love to hear from other users if they've had this experience. The unit will only play while plugged in (using Anker charging products too) and distorts at volumes above the middle. So it sounds fine at low volumes but anything medium to loud sounds very scratchy. Very disappointing 😢 Update: Customer service responded promptly and sent me a replacement speaker within a few days. No complaints with the new one; must've gotten a lemon with the first one. Still not the best bass but for $20 it's a no-brainer. Best dollar for dollar Bluetooth speaker I've used.
Good sound quality and battery life, user interface is stable generally speaking, the only issue is that Bluetooth connections are not reliable and slow to find devices or pair them to this. I haven't tried the streaming features.
I helped to put our satellite channels on our old VCR
I needed a soundbar for my new computer and purchased this one. It came in a compact box and was surprisingly lighter than what I expected. It's not as heavy as what you might think and approximately 12 inches in length, which is as long as a ruler. I like that it has padding on the feet to avoid scuffing, but I do wish the cord was longer. I ended up placing my soundbar on top of my computer case under my desk because it wasn't long enough to sit where I wanted it. (The cord is a little over 3.5 feet.) It's ok, though, because the speaker is quite loud. I have my volume up to 11% on desktop and I think it's a bit too loud still depending on the video. If you plan on purchasing this product, please keep in mind that it will require you to use your audio jack and USB port for your desktop computer or laptop, as it will have two cords (audio jack and USB).
This headset looks great and has really good build quality for the price. Clear sounds are great for gaming
Just installed so cannot verify anything but it installed and works. Nice kit with very good instructions
They are a good quality headphones. Sound is good. Would like it if they stayed charged after you turned them off
Good battery life, good shiny earbud with satisfying sound quality.
Had the TV for a month and my dog chewed up the remote. Bought this as a replacement but it is not an exact match as it does not have the Ambient Mode button so you either have to use the SmartThings remote app on your phone or turn the TV on and go to Ambient Mode through the dashboard. Other than that, works fine. Easy to pair with TV.
I received these batteries loose in an Amazon brown box. One was missing so I only got 39. Someone can't count?
They all worked to Charge my android phones
This is my 3rd or 4th set of wireless headphones over the last few years, and by far the best! Very lightweight and good sound quality. The volume adjustment on the right ear is very easy to use and makes it simple to adjust while running. Would definitely recommend for runners.
Think the price was on the high side for just 1 battery since the 2 pack was only a few dollars more. But My shaver only needed one, I had to charge the battery on my reg charger before installing it because it was discharged when I received it. After getting it installed so far it has been working good has held a charge for 3 days of usage without recharging.
Pretty good case. Like the thin design. Hinge could be a bit stronger. My cases had a slight bend to them from packaging, but I'm sure they will straighten out as I have laid them flat.
I love this case, my only gripe is the headphone jack is too far to reach with the case on, but otherwise this is an amazing durable case.
These started out great but my second time using them the left ear bud starting dropping out and skipping music. I reached out to customer service and they had no problem replacing the pair and I haven't had issues since. But the sound quality was great and they stayed in my ears decently well. I use these for heavy lifting workouts.
Record players are comming back ! I got this for my grandaughter for xmas. She loved it !
I have small ears so finding a good fit is important no problem with these sound is awsome too.
Works well. Light with ample coax
Product work perfect happy with product good product for the price range.
Pros: > comfortable > good sound quality > decent battery life Cons: > can't charge while using - as soon as you plug them in, they disconnect
I feel like it dies fast. But that could just be me forgetting how long i use it
Work great at a reasonable price.
This little speaker has big sound but, the sound can give off a tinny, tubular sound. I especially notice it while playing songs that are on the sharper or higher-toned side.
Needed a replacement charger for my mid 2012 Macbook pro. Wasn't going to buy a Apple Certificated charger for $80, when a $22 dollar charger seems more reasonable. Also the cord seems a little shorter then the original.
It is advertised as being good for 150 miles , I tried to pull in a station 50 miles away and no go. It is working fine for some stations that are on a tower about 10 miles away
These work good as long as you are sitting directly in front of the transmitter. My mother uses it in her bed, so this isn't usually a problem. She can not change positions too much without getting the static interference. It works for our needs, but I would not buy it for a bigger room.
While the charge doesn't last as long as other wired Blue Tooth headphones, the case holds enough juice to charge them back up three times! That's pretty convenient. It also helps to remind you to put them away and not lay them down somewhere never to be seen again. I gave these to my husband because he really disliked the buds he got elsewhere. These were very easy to sync and he did not have any issues with them. I love these for the convenience of them.
The product is very cute. Only complaint is that the charm doesn't look a whole lot like the picture. Other than that, I get a lot of compliments on it!
the cable to the rear was too short to reach the camera. the more I try to use it the more I find problems with this. I took too long to install it and find out all this but this product gets a thumb down from me.
It is OK - nothing to write home about but I like that it comes with a stylus brush - good interim brush until I save up for a fancier one.
As advertised. Actually better. We needed a custom screen and this product was just the ticket. One word of caution. The shipper or UPS lost my first order. took several weeks to get it straightened out. That's a shipping issue. The product itself is well worth the price.
the only problem that I can list about this product is that the screen protector is not attached to the case nor is it cut right for the camera
Was waiting for the gold plated ones to come into stock but they rarely did, grabbed these instead...doesnt seem to be any issues with them. No loose connections, no crackling or distortion.
i think this product is great and i like how it's in two parts but it should cover a little more of the where the two parts meet
The first two I received were apparently from a defective batch. Seller sent two more and I've finally been able to use them. No issues so far.
The mic quality is not spectacular, but the headset itself is comfy and the sound quality is decent, especially for the price. Had mine for maybe a month or two before it started to go, mic wasn't picking up as well and the connection was iffy. Good while it lasted, worth it for the price!
It's exactly what I wanted at a great price. Fast charging makes a huge difference
Good basic headphones. Held well in the ear for running. Wont win any sound competitions.
These were ordered for my daughter, she loves them! No complaints yet!
Not opened yet due to they are a Christmas gift.
The sound quality is good, the product is small, very thin, and it is very convenient to carry.
The little thing is very impressive for the size. The clip is sturdy and it's really simple to connect via Bluetooth. I do wish it could be a little louder, but it's amazing still.
I bought this for PS4 to play multiplayer..we love it..all buttons works as expected
I bought this for my young grandson. Sound isn't the greatest but it works for a little boy.
Product works great, better than my old antenna
I would have rather that been a quartz lock fully automatic
Great Little unit for the price.
Wider than I expected but works.
Speakers do exactly what I hoped--sound great and take up little space.
When I turn on the volume I get this clicking noise which interferes with other noise you want to hear. not good. If some one knows how to stop this please write a review on it.
It doesn't have a pair/unpair ability so I had to get my Apple TV reset. Once that happened I could use it. Works fine, I like that it is larger.
I just needed this to switch between my PS4, and Nintendo Switch. I got tired, real fast, of swapping HDMI cables between the two. The HDMI switch is a neat little black box, no frills, and does the job. There is a blank screen, and 5-6 second delay after hitting the button. It's not a big deal for me, but maybe others will be bothered.
This product works fine. I am not sure how long it will last because I bought a similar product a little over one year ago and it quit recently quit working, which is the reason that I bought this one. I wish it had a longer cord.
I really like my speaker it sounds good, battery lasts, and it's very Handy
Received product but have not been utilized since on our trip begins on 23 February to Australia. Nicely packaged and delivered promptly as promised. I will provide review of the adaptors upon return in April, 2018. Thank you for your service.
Works as advertised, charges my battery backup. Only had it 2 weeks though, so durability not known.
earbuds are ok. They do block noise well enough which is my primary purpose for purchase. However, I'm not otherwise that impressed. Sound is good. switch on the mic does not include volume. buds are very light. Hoping they will proved durable, but not expecting much ...
I wish there was a video on how to , or it had brought instructions. Other than that it fits perfect, and it cancels out the noise !
These are ok. I can already tell I ll have to replace them sooner than I'd like but it's better than having the originals that were coming apart.
I frequently use this with my headphones to make them bluetooth compatible. There were just times when even after moving the volume to the highest setting possible on any device, the sound felt pretty low. My suspicions were only confirmed when I ordered an entirely different receiver and compared the two. Aside from the occasional loud scenarios around me, it usually provided enough enough sound to keep satisfied.
Very easy to start using. Automatic pairing with device: so simple and quick. Does not fall out due to external ear attachments. I use them for running. The charging case works well. Cons: a slight rattle at certain angles when running. On calls, the microphone picks up external sounds that the other person on the call complains about. These need to be placed in their case to shut off. Sometimes it's hard to know if you've activated the controls. Just a flat sensor with no feedback ( but the good thing is there is no loud click in your ear ...)
don't like the headphones
I loved these buds. Very comfortable, reliable, and produced great sound. I got them in July and used them at least an hour a day, 6 days a week for 6 months. They held a charge great and I believe I was getting over the advertised eight hours. Unfortunately they have just quit charging. I am ordering another pair because you just can't beat their quality for the price, even if they have to be replaced every six months.
Seem ok apon arrival. Nice soft hard case. The speaker had some glue or something leaking out that scraped off pretty easy on one side. I can see how the speaker could be pushed out of silicone by body easily. They don't fit quite as comfortably as another pair I purchased very similar to these. Would be ok for asmr listening
but who cares it's WAY cheaper and lasts plenty long enough.
Good projection. I like that the display dims automatically during sleeping hours. Good wide solid base for stability. Programming a little tricky but not too difficult. Nice large display. Best is it doesn't have a bright blue display to interfere with sleep. Two days after I set it up we had a power outage that wiped out all the settings. No battery backup or it would be a five star rating.
Extra batteries work well and are nice to have! The charger connection to batteries is weak and often times a battery will not be fully connected and charging.
This product fits and is compatible with the models listed. It works well! The biggest downside is that a full charge is only worth about 3 hours of usage, but this is typical for older model laptops.
still can't get the remote to work
I have not tried out all the ports, but the one's I have tried work well. Hence 4 of 5 stars
works good, sometimes loses connection with Alexa but it may be the Alexa not the speaker
Very very good power converter. The fan is louder than expected, but not too loud. It worked beautifully right up to the time when I left it in the airbnb on my latest trip. Will buy again before the next trip.
Great case, makes the whole system feel sturdy.
bought this to company my knock off go-pro type camera and it worked great, i'm not sure i needed all these but the options are a major plus, the travel/storage case makes organization a breeze
Packaged well, GFI appears to be of good quality & exactly as described
This charger does what it intends to do but the charge definitely doesn't last as long as the original. Good as a backup charger.
Heavy duty. Appears nice but did not work for my application (Logitech Harmony Hub- jack too large)
Have to figure out what is the best input to use. I tried the optical on my ATT receiver and the volume was poor. However, when connected to the TV optical it was much better. It still isn't quite as loud as I would have liked it to be, but it's good enough. The bluetooth audio seems to be louder than I can get from the TV. Other negative is having to use a 2nd remote (soundbar) to change the volume since I can't get it to work with my ATT remote.
I ordered these for my sons classroom. They a great value for kids. I tried a set and the sound quality is pretty poor and the quality of the product is cheap. The real value comes in the quantity of earbuds yoi receive. Must buy for younger children who break or lose the more expensive earbuds.
Nice headphones with a comfortable ear hook. It has good sound quality and comfortable to wear it for hours. But the controller moves to one side which is bit annoying.
waterproof is a lie. hold a 2 day charge. only good for short time use
Sound quality is not bad. Pretty good for the price.
worked will update if batterys hold up
A little heavy but I I can have 2 .5 extra charges in my iPhone 7plus in addition coming temple glass Screen protector for the same price
Worked good at detecting Smart items within and out of chart range.
The Harmony Hub - it works and it is fairly easy to use. There are a multitude of settings and it's hard to remember where they all are. I had a hard time getting it to connect to iPhone via bluetooth. I did the same thing over and over and just when I was going to give up - it connected. The setup is tedious and there are things that go wrong during the process - It all can be fixed but it's a challenge to find solutions. It's best to use the app on the phone AND the program on a computer. Things seem easier to find on the computer. If you are not tech savvy, you're going to have a problem with this. I'm fairly good with this stuff and I'd recommend that you clear a weekend to install, setup, and fiddle around with it to get everything the way you want it. On the plus side - there is nothing this thing can't do - and it can learn commands from your old remote if necessary. It is almost impossible to make this product completely user friendly -
I bought this before a trip to India, and it functioned as expected.
feels ok, sound is ok.
I haven't had this very long and so far there have been no issues. Unfortunately I haven't misplaced my keys since I got it so I haven't been able to test it as much as I would like. This would have been a great thing to have when I was packing for my move a couple of months back as I could have attached the fobs to things I needed to pack but would need to be able to find sooner than later. But I like it well enough that I will order another as a gift. I am not the only person in my family who misplaces things.
Value per dollar this is one of the best headsets I've used. Long lasting battery, I can make it through 2 shifts at work. Mic pickup can be finicky, but maintains excellent voice carry otherwise.
I bought as an gift for my husband and he likes them . He says the sound quality is not bad and the battery life is good
Design is as pictured, but cover could have been a little plumper and not so stiff!!
I'm very happy with This headset. I've tried ear buds and they hurt my ears after wearing even a short time. This is perfect for phone work. Comfortable, easy to set up and it came charged so I went right to work. Sound quality is satisfactory.
I wish it had a longer cord. Yes it is travel size and all, but I rarely encounter places where you can use such a short cord. I ended up having to use extension.
it is for my bathroom bt boombox and my phone so i can play them both while i take my shower and it works fine for me no complaints
This would've been the perfect over-the-ear, noise-cancelling headset except for one thing: it was a little too big for my head. The sound quality isn't the best in it but it doesn't seem to bother my boyfriend (I let him keep it since it fits him better). The ear cushions dropped to my jawbone and eventually started hurting my jaw. Haven't noted the battery life but will update this review if I get that information later.
Bought them for my tactical flashlights and weapon mounted lights. They work in the weapon lights and only one of my flashlights. Can't seem to get them to work in that other flashlight. Curious. Still, not a disappointing purchase.
This is super cute. It has a timer that will shut it off automatically. Works well.
Very good sound and plenty of loudness. I use the speaker out by the pool and in the yard. It can be heard clearly across the yard and would probably irritate the neighbors if I turned up the volume too much. The only issue is the MegaBlast seems to be hard of hearing. If you have even modest volume playing on the speaker, you pretty much have to shout "Alexa" to get a response from the speaker. Repeatedly shouting "Alexa" is probably more irritating to the neighbors than the music.
Good headset for the price. Would buy again
Only complaint is the wire organizer didn't stay on easily without zip ties.
Worked fine on a trip to Italy.
This splitter is a great value. The only small issue I have is the auto switch detection. My cable box is hooked up to one of the ports and the auto switch doesn't detect it when I turn it on. Manual selection doesn't work because the splitter doesn't recognize power to box (that's my theory) so I have to unplug the HDMI from the port and plug it back in. It detects it after this. This isn't a huge deal to me so I still recommend this splitter.
I like the radio but I thought it was going to be a lot bigger than it was. It does have everything you would need in an emergency. The dials are real small for me to turn. I have very bad arthritis in my fingers. I wanted to have a radio for outside when I'm sitting at my patio table. Very heavy made just a little more compact than I wanted. I should have read the measurements before I bought it so that's my mistake. It did look a lot bigger in the pictures
Installation is straightfoward and simple. However they're a bit flimsy because they're hollow, and I found that when I moved to a new apartment and went to reinstall the side of one just snapped right off. For a one-and-done, this works perfectly but caution if you never need to reinstall your sensors on the mount.
Recharge your batteries and save the world! I seem to have a lot of gadgets that use AA batteries. If I switch to these rechargeable batteries , I will save money and time . And the convenience of having a few replacement batteries ready to go. Oh, yeah. These work fine in my devices :-)
Initially had 5 channels prior to this antenna. Now have over 30 channels and I am sure once the Antenna is repositioned and installed per instructions, it will pick up more...
Great noise canceling ability and sound quality for a great price. As an added bonus, you get a nice case.
Arrived in a timely manner and charges devices as expected; flip feature of plug in is neat feature.
Great little remotes to replace lost ones or just to have a spare. Vizio just updated my firmware to allow for more Smart TV functionality and these remotes do not have the capability to navigate that unfortunately. Otherwise everything worked right away.
Easy to use. Sound is good.
Awesome watch!! Great volume and clarity with the music and radio... Very very easy to setup and use.. well recommended if you go for runs or work in a very mobile job where headphones might not be such a great idea.
Bought these for my two kids. Sound quality isn't that great but they like them because it also serves as a nightlight for their rooms.
Works well in my Subaru. The adhesive suction cup sticks well to the nearly flat dashboard. I mounted it so the bottom edge of the phone rests on the dashboard when it is attached to the magnet. I think the phone is very secure, yet easy to remove.
the sound is great and I like the life on the battery.. pairing to Bluetooth can be a hassle but once they are paired, I haven't had an issue with them cutting out or anything like that.. Noise cancelling works nicely and they don't hurt my ears. I haven't put them to the test to see how waterproof they are.
Definitely a must for a 5 year old! We love it, please remember to purchase a Sim card and activate it or it does not work to make calls/text or GPS. I gave it 4 stars only because it comes with a USB but not with an adapter. I use my computer to charge it. Besides that my daughter loves it
The material seem really heavy duty and sewing feel strong. Time would tell. But for the cost, good deal to me.
Form follows function for these earbuds. While the non-existent bass leaves something to be desired, I have to say these earbuds make up for it in many other ways: the handy carrying/charging case, the shape of the buds that perfectly fits and stays put in my ear - even while doing high intensity activities like running or jumping or bench press. I love that when I pull them out of the case, they automatically switch on and pair with my phone without having to push any buttons. While sound could be improved with more bass, the sound isn't terrible. I still get enjoyment out of both my classical and metal playlists. Battery life seems decent. I feel like they last about 8-10 hours without additional charge. In terms of phone calls, I can hear the person on the other end loud and clear and they claim that my voice is crystal clear through these, so another win there. All in all, you can't really beat these for the price.
I loved the JVC Gummy earbuds and was sad when I could no longer find them in stores. I really dislike the kind where you have to stick the rubber insert into your ear, but that seems to be all that is sold these days. So, I was happy I found these on Amazon and thought I'd give this one a try. Good sound quality, but I did knock a star off because, unlike other reviewers, the little stick out parts do bother my ear.
Very good battery life. Better than manufacture advised.
Good product. Do get about 55 channels but the same show and same episodes play on multiple channel so we really only have about 10 things to choose from, still better than a cable bill.
I wanted something simple that projected the time on the ceiling. This clock is very easy to set up and it's large and bright projection is exactly what I was looking for.
At first I thought this product didn't work, but it was my Lightening to 3.5mm adapter that came with my phone that wouldn't let it work correctly. I switched to one that I bought and it actually worked. But the sound that was being produced was very very quiet compared to just using the microphone on my Apple headphones.
Good product for its price
Keeps stuff in order!
This is our 3rd set of Bluedio headphones. 2 for our 2 sons and another 1 to replace one that was broken while recklessly put at the bottom of a backpack. Great price for stylish headphones that can use a memory card as well.
Very good product. Received lots of channels. Tried others and did not get near as many. We live approx. 50 miles from any towers and this product has the best reception of all I have tried. This is the second one we have purchased and it will definitely be our go to purchase when this one wears out.
Great earbuds easy to follow directions, I like how the charging case shows how much charge us left
The clock radio only arrived yesterday so we haven't spent a lot of time with it yet, but so far we like it. The only disappointment is that the projection clock on the ceiling is backwards.
Love my headphones, but my OEM foam had finally given up the ghost and were turning to dust...very sad day...but then, on a distant website, new foam that would throw itself on the dying corpses of their brethren so I could once again use my beloved headphones. Not only were they cheap, they also fit well. My headphones have been reborn, like the phoenix of myth!
Does what it says but less 1 star for being too large for life proof fre case on IPhone 8 Plus.
Great product for the price. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an mp3 player.
Used this for my Iphone XS, charges well, easy to use, just set phone on charger and it works. Does not work thru heavy duty cases, but works well with the slim style case.
The sound quality is extremely good, although the BT connection is weak and with a small range. The band doesn't have the best of the grips either, making it slip to the sides very often.
Given the price, I was hesitant to buy these, as I'm a firm believer in getting what you pay for, but these are a gem. I've only had them for a few days, and while the bass does seem to be too high, they otherwise sound great, are comfortable, easy to pair, and really inexpensive. I'll update if they die in a week.
Works well - not sure ifit is as good as the fire stick. Easy to install and set up.
I waited a few weeks to review these headphones because I wanted to test them out. They are worth the price. Sound is quite good, fit nicely, and so far they hold up pretty well.
The shelf suits my needs and I was able to neatly organize our movies next to our TV. It's mostly made of plastic but seems sturdy enough not to tip over during normal use. Some plastic pieces were provided to screw I to the wall but I didn't think it was necessary. As for the plastic quality, if it tipped over full of DVDs some of the pieces might break. If small children are in the house it would be a good idea to keep them away from this. Anyone pulling on it would cause it to tip over.
Easy set-up and convenient wine dispersing. I use it with reds.
It works perfectly fine, but I feel like some times it lacks the smoothness. Otherwise for the price, very good.
Live in a hands free city, used this to back up my usual ear bud when driving. Sound is great, folks hear me great but it is not the most comfortable in my ear. Quality product with good sound, though.
Pretty good stuff. Only issue was trying to get a wrench in the VESA mount adjustment, not real well designed. However, once adjusted, worked great.
Very happy with these. I only have one criticism with it, and that's the short charging cable which barely reaches the bottom of my computer tower, which makes it hard to place my headphones down when they're charging. Will probably get another cable for it and since its a simple micro-USB it'll be easy to find a longer one. Overall, still pleased with the product.
Just what I needed. Expandable and fairly well made for what they are
Works just fine , it charges my watch and phone
Great for taking pictures
I like them a lot. But I thought they had a clear protection for the screen like the others I bought.
This is a great wall mount to fit easily on a single stud. There are many out in the market now so shop around. On this model, two of the four mounting holes come very close to the edge of the stud the way the holes are aligned so your measurements need to be spot on if you want all four holes in the stud. Note: There are four holes at the top and four holes at the bottom. Second challenge with this model (which may not be unique with other brands/models), the provided screws come in different widths or gauges, but they are all the same length. I have a Samsung TV and all of the provided screws were about 1/8th too short. A simple trip to Home Depot solved this problem, but I shop on Amazon to avoid having to go to a bricks and mortar store like Home Depot.
Got this RC Truck for my grandson. There is a lot to like about this car. It is fast, faster than other RC trucks its size.
it is a very good battery.
works great easy to install
Good clock with very large display. Odd thing happens once in a while the display will start to blink like the clock lost power. Not sure why.
Worked great with Raspberry Pi, if you're looking for a cable for the Raspberry Pi, this cable would definitely recommend.
Worked like the original. Easy to swap out. UPDATE: Downgrading from 5 to 4 stars, because it eventually comes apart like the original. It lasted about a year.
The hack it's self is a good hair it keeps you warm which hat should but has a nice inside it is pretty comfortable on your head The sound quality is really good for music if you're looking to talk with this device frequently it's more used for music but the talking aspects does work but hence why it's called a Music hat What blew my mind the most what is the distance between your device in the hat you can walk pretty far away from your device that you're connected to and still be connected it's pretty nice hope this helped
Ordered a pair from amazon and from electronic supply company. Got the same crimpers for less on amazon
Fast shipping...quality product....another good transaction !
Replacement battery for a telephone console. FIt and connected perfectly.
Headphones broke. Senso replaced them very quickly. Customer service was awesome.
I purchased this battery on January 21, 2018 and after 7 months of use, the battery has failed and will only hold a small charge compared to new. Seller has a 1 year warranty on this battery. I have called GHU customer service to get warranty coverage many times and the line always goes to their answering machine with no call back. I would not recommend buying a battery from this seller! Updated review - I received a new battery from GHU. The company did follow through on the warranty service. I would give this company my business in the future.
Lots of room to plug stuff in.
Nice little case. The hook is not very well constructed, but the case itself is good quality.
Using temporary, at new home until we move completely out of old home, set was easy. I'd like to give it a 5 star but will not because I've only been using for one week and haven't hooked it up to my newer Genie equipment yet.
Received as described.
I like that its green an loud
Amazing product - comes with everything you need to get organized. Helped us keep out young son from pulling all of our cords down.
A basic and functional clock radio. The alarm and numbers are perfect for a youth's room.
I got this alarm clock because my old one died and I liked the idea of charging my phone right on my nightstand. I've had it a couple months now and...I haven't charged my phone once. Well, of course I charge it, but the normal way. Anyway, as far as alarm clocks go I like it. It's bright enough and large enough that I can see it across the room, but it has a built-in dimmer so it's not eye-piercingly bright in the middle of the night. I like waking up and knowing the temperature too, that's a nice feature.
Ok for what it is. Does an ok job but won't really drive speakers to their best potential.
I would have gave this product a perfect score if it had not been for a defected piece. It seemed to be a great device and did what it was supposed to until a piece came loose. If it were not for a loose charger piece I'd say I loved this charger. My phone lasted about 3 day ! Without another charge
Batteries work. Comes in nice reusable packaging. Gave a 4 star as I haven't charged them yet. However they're currently in my son's high use toy and haven't needed charging yet.
Pretty good for the price. Smaller than I expected.
I work from home, and need reliable headphones with a mic that will be super durable and not tangle. I've had expensive headphones and cheap headphones and some construction is more durable than others and it doesn't seem to matter the price of the headphones. Marley makes a set with fabric-covered headphones that are really durable, but twice the cost and the earbuds are made of wood and my dog LOVES to chomp the wood. These seem like a good set. They're very comfortable, not very loud, just okay on sound quality (can't expect amazing at this price). I'll let you know how durable they are. If they last a couple of months without getting a short or getting pulled apart when I catch the cord on a knob on a drawer or something, I'll be back to buy more.
The item I received was NOT new; there were visible scratches on several parts where it had previously been assembled, and the sealed bag for the screws had been opened and then taped closed. All the parts were included and it appears in good shape, but it was not new as advertised
Great sounds and Soundstage but i wish it has removable mmcx connectors and better overall build quality
Received these for Christmas and just put on my new 2017 Indian Chief vintage with Cam 2 exhaust. The sound is really good and simple to hook up. They look great with all my chrome. Love them so far, will see (hear) how they work once riding. To cold for ride right now in MD but really excited to hear once on the road. Seems like good quality stuff and nice mounting hardware.
It is a perfect replacement for the one I had. Nothing special, but I don't watch TV much and use an antenna (no cable).
This is a good chase for a Gopro and gimbal, specific is Karma grip. I believe it this case can also use with other kind of gimbal because I was try it with a Zhiyun Z, that I borrow. there are space for some cables that you want to bring with when go out have fun with not a lot of thing to carry.
This headphone has good sound quality and good connection with the wire. It also fits tightly on the head, which blocks a lot of noise and makes the headphone secure. However, sometimes I feel it fits too tight.
I've only had it for a day, but so far I think it's ok. The only problem I have is that the alarm sounds are very scratchy coming through the speakers and the power cord is super short. What I love about it is the fact that you can trun off the time display at night so that there's no blue light in your face while you're trying to sleep. This was a must for me! Also, using the lamp in the evening works great for reading before bed because at the maximum brightness setting it is perfect- it's not too dark or too bright.
Bluetooth does not work with all accessories. Gamepad is not found.
Great product do construction
These sound great, and play right thru in a high humidity environment. Only giving 4 stars because the terminals on the back are garbage. One slight bump and the terminal button and spring can pop out. Because of this, you really need to run a small gauge wire with fine strands.
Very nice, obviously good quality but even fully extended they are still a snug fit on my head.
The main purpose of these is to help avoid the wear that joysticks on controllers get and to provide better grip. They do both well and seem to be durable (have had for several months now). They fit both PS4 and Xbox One controllers well and look good too. My biggest and really only problem is they don't seem to stay on that well and will fall off sometimes while your playing games (make sure they are snug on the joysticks btw). Other than that, they are great and provide good grip and protection for joysticks. Great value and very affordable on top!
The only thing I kind of don't like is that it's not compatible with other IR or universal remotes, so you have another remote on the coffee table to control the volume. Run it through the RCA ports. Deep bass, though. Like.... wow.
This product works fine, it is lighter than expected. I can't speak to it's durability just yet.
For the price they are a great buy. They are frustrating at first as the buttons are a bit sticky and need to be broken in. They are much lighter than the original gamecube contollers and seem to have a slightly different shape in your hand, but after about an hour of playing the buttons seemed to operate more smoothly. Compared to some of the pricier contollers out there these are an excellent buy.
I got this for my goddaughter and she and her sister loves it so much. They keep on raving about how much they love the stars and all the colors. The alarm clock also helps them learn to read numbers and their mom helps them keep track of time for school. This was smaller than expected but it lights up the room at night.
They are a great deal happy to power my devices with these
I'm an Uber Eats driver, and use my phone constantly. Uber App also eats up my battery, so I needed the wireless charging on the fly. This product fit the bill. It was high quality, had hands that automatically 'grabbed' my phone, and it had a lot of flexibility. Alas, after 6 weeks it would no longer hold my phone on dash or glass. The suction cup (with the very sticky coating) would no longer hold. And, magically, my 'return date' expired after 4 weeks, so I'm out $40. Granted, I have it stretched out pretty far to hold my large I-phone 8+, but it still failed. My only option is to drill holes in my dash to hold it. UPDATE: Very pleased to be contacted by the manufacturer, and found excellent CUSTOMER SERVICE in resolving my problem. They sent me a new unit, and it works just fine. However, I decided to forego the suction cup option, because it just won't work for my application. To extend the arm all the way out, weighted by an I-phone 8+, will defy physics: at some point it will fall and fail. I had avoided air vent holders in the past, simply because they heat or chill the phone too much, depending upon what you're running through the vents. So I thought I'd give this option a try. This unit tends to block the air, so the phone stays normal. This option is excellent and sturdy, and I'm pleased going with this set-up, as opposed to the 'suction-arm.' While I've only used this new product for a week, I have high hopes. It is good quality, the movable clamps are very functional, and it has solved my Uber Eats problem with my phone. Highly recommend.
The batteries last forever! Great for a smaller space. Great sound. I purchased two, so I can put one in the living room, and one in the kitchen.
With 3 kids in the house we always seem to have devises charging all over the house. I like the small size for traveling but also I have it the kitchen because it does not take up much room. It does seem to tip over easily if cords are plugged into the top two outlets. The size is great for traveling so I do not have to find and pack all the individual ones, plus its less for me to keep track of while traveling. We plugged in a device in all 6 and everything seems to charge quickly with out getting to warm. Overall, I am pleased with this USB charging station.
The speaker's instructions are not too clear. I was able to figure it out alright though. A decent product for the price.
Wow! That's a lot of batteries! My son goes through lots of batteries in his toys and this is sure to keep us stocked for awhile! Great value for price paid too!
still learning and working with it worth the money
Completely satisfied with my purchase. Will buy again on my next trip.
This Bluetooth headphone is best suited for work-out and sports. It has good sound quality. I wear it while jogging, I like it's sound quality and its design to look sporty. What do you look in a Bluetooth headphones? Sound Quality, Connectivity, Battery life and design. This earphones is a combo of all this in one.
All is great described perfectly
Very simple to install, no complaints here
Good value leads, but didn't fit my needs.
Bought them because they were rechargeable and I've only charged them for a few times and they've been great
It's very very loud when you turn the microphone off and on but works great.
Do not expect the same speed of cable charging but it works very good
Powerful sound for a small Bluetooth speaker!!!
Easy to use, portable, durable, and a long lasting battery. I use it when I'm cooking, taking a bath, and when I go hiking. My only complaint is that I still haven't figured out how to use the feature with the micro sd card but that's probably because I haven't dedicated time to looking in the manual.
Worked very well to hang out TV and feels very secure. Has all the appropriate items to hang various TVs with different depths. The only thing I would warn against is the level that comes with the hardware...it was extremely inaccurate and required us to completely re-hang the TV.
So happy I got this for my teenage daughter who has been very self conscious lately. She was a little surprised by what was pulled out but also very excited! It is best to do right out of the shower or several minutes of hot water steam so that the pores are open.
Not bad for the price
Kind of surprised they live up to the hype. I'm an 'audiophile' but also I have realistic expectations for outdoor wall-mounted speakers. I bought these to mount on my covered patio, high on a wall. For outdoor in-wall/in-ceiling speakers in a non-ideal location, these sound very nice. Relaxed and smooth midrange and good bass. At first listen they were 'just ok', kind of hard and muffled sounding, but they broke in after a day of playing at a moderately loud volume and opened up a bit.. which is typical .. but it was still a little unexpected for me. So, give 'em a good crank and let them play for a day or 2 before you evaluate them critically. I don't understand why you'd use a spring-clip speaker input for these. Simple spades would be better. I prefer to solder something going in a ceiling or wall... spring clips are for good if you disconnect/reconnect more often... and also makes it impossible to weather seal. Minus 1 star for the stupid spring clip terminals.
I really like these cables. They sound great (or rather I can't hear any badness as opposed to more expensive cables), they are clearly marked for left and right, and they are fairly easy to grip and disconnect. They are a little long but that helps with getting a firm grip on them; if they were shorter, they would be harder to remove. Never had an issue with one fitting loose or having to jam one on, or having the plug separate from the wire. I wish they made a smaller cable than 3 feet for connecting devices right below each other - 1 foot/ half a meter, maybe?
The product is good but unfortunately the keyboard light does not show through.
Great product. Automatically switches to hdmi port that is sending data. I would've given 5 stars except that the pip functionality is only for choosing which screen you want to switch to. Would have liked to have it implement a pip viewing option.
The design is very interesting and I like it very much
Seems to work great! Feels a bit flimsy, but the connection is strong and reliable.
I am getting use to how and when to use it and the setting corrections I need to make. The item itself seems to do exactly what it is suppose to. I am too new to this hobby to be able to give a fair comparison
I was surprised at how good this little unit sounds, although as you would expect, the base response isn't overwhelming. It replaces a 900 mhz wireless remote speaker I used in the garage with my previous receiver. It makes the Bluetooth connection through two frame walls at a distance of about twenty three feet, but drops out before it gets to the other side of the single-car garage. I haven't used it long enough to judge battery life.
Hook up was easy but tried it with a older TV with digital tuner, and it failed to find channels. Moved it to a newer, smart TV and found 22 channels. That is the good. However we have a Home Theatre setup with HMDI connection from tuner to TV, so using a coaxial conection would be a issue...need a specialized AB switch. Need cable for specialized channels, the TERK works for local channels (currently CBS and AT&T are feuding). Will work perfectly for guest bedrooms where basic channels are all that is needed.
As shown. Arrived very quickly.
Ok, enclosure to light
Its ight my phones case makes it to thick to stay so it pops out from time to time but slimmer phone cases it'll fit perfectly
Our school supply list this year required headphone. I was looking for something durable, with good sound quality, for an affordable price. I think we found all three with these! They also look nice and are comfortable, which was important to my son.
works great good price
After a couple months the product itself is working great and is lasting but recently it's been cuties g one side of the headphones I'm using at random and thus leads me to have to readjust the position of the cable. Not sure of its covered by warranty but it'd be nice if it was.
I bought 2 of them for gifts one wouldn't work
The greatest invention ever made. I brought this for my grandad and he absolutely loved it. All his old tapes were suddenly like brand new toys.
doesn't charge as fast as I would like it to charge but i can just set my phone on it and it will charge. has a rubber grip and it holds well
Good sound but I'm certainly not an audiophile. Not overwhelming volume but certainly enough top game with
Sound is great...especially for the price..comfortable..only negative is they shipped the wrong color..great product overall
Bought 2 Roku Ultras so we could use the Spectrum app to watch our cable subscription from our motorcoach. Am very satisfied with connectivity and most of the time the buffering is minimal. Only problems are that when the microwave is turned on, the connection to the wireless internet drops. That's a minor issue since we can get our cable stations any other time.. Am disappointed with the private listening through the remote.. The batteries drain very quickly so we'll have to figure out a workaround for that. On the whole we are very satisfied.
Works well, easy install thank you
hopefully will keep units tidy but shame it does not come with short charging cables, cannot obtain in NZ so cords are long and untidy, should come with short charging cords
I also bought the braided white/silver replacement cable for these. The unit itself is well built and durable, the multiple ear tips are quite nice. Sound quality is good, not great but definitely better than any other ear buds I've heard. The dual driver system gives an excellent separation between the mids/highs and the bass. It allows the sound to be pushed louder but with greater clarity.
I think these are fantastic for the price. Much better than I expected.
Changer works well, smooth and quiet. Sound quality excellent, better than Sony 10 CD changer I replaced. Could use random play button on front console instead of only on remote.
Great price! The only thing I don't like is pairing it. If its paired to another device, you can't override it with another device unless you unpair the previous device.
Set up in 10 seconds. Good sound quality. Too soon to know the battery life quality. Sleek design. Also reconnects automatically when I leave and come back to my Jeep later. Love it!
Very nice product overall, I went through my channels on a usual antenna setup then connected the amplifier and receive a way better channel quality with much less signal interference and it even cleared up some of the unwatchable channels a bit (while still unwatchable). I'm 60+ miles away from the nearest broadcasting tower so this plus my little dirt cheap antenna seems to be a good mix so far.
They're comfortable to wear and provide good sound quality for the price.
Pleased with the prompt deliver and value for the money
I love the speaker. The sound is great!
I can keep up with them now. They are always attached to my keys.
these have a long battery life and have been all over the united states with me. seems to have some signal issues at times when the battery is below half full
It's good for the price, sound quality is not as good as I expected, however it's fair, looks very nice, materials are good, comfortable ear pads.
It's nice to have a charger for multiple gadgets like watch and phone to charge at the same time with out the clutter of all the cords . Only gave it 4 because it charges the apple watch much slower than the actual charger for it . Also if you keep your watch on loud the charger actually stops charging it when it's full , so when it drops down to 99 % it dings that's it started charging again . Which isn't ideal for when your sleeping . Overall pretty good charger for the phone .
I don't like that you have to remove the straps on the fitbit to use the strap. I returned lesser trackers because it's so darn hard to get the strap off, and I was trilled that I don't have to do that to charge my Inspire HR. What I did was loop this through the buckle end of my fitbit strap and kind of tie the strap around the other end. Not the way it is supposed to work, but I'm not wanting to tear my fitbit up. That is my issue, but the strap seems fine, just not the highest quality, thus the lower rating.
Cant have them in for to long they hurt my ears.
We just got the player yesterday for a trip to Disney. The color was a nice shade of blue. My daughter likes it so far. The picture and sound quality are great. The screen turns as described, but it feels like it would be easy to break it. I'm not sure how much we will use that feature. It was cool to see that it can be folded to use like a tablet. The headphone jacks worked well.
Shipping was on time and painless. The product seems of good quality.
If youre used to beats by dre, these may seem a little big/bulky to you. It wasn't a deal breaker for me. However, one thing that I cannot stand is the beeping noise accompanied by volume increase. it's too loud!!
I have an iPhone, so, unfortunately, it can't do all of the things that the watch is capable of doing for an Android phone. In addition to that, this watch is very large and kind of heavy. In the picture, it looks very thin but it's actually quite thick. However, it's a very nice watch for the price and can still do many things.
Great price and they are more comfortable for a 6 year old to wear then other headphones we have tried.
I love the fact they do not go in your ears. Therefore they are not noise cancelling. You can still hear everything around you! Yeah! This is wonderful for what I use them for - phone calls while driving, music while walking or doing yardwork. Total hands free without screaming at the rest of the world. Only draw back is they're not adjustable. That takes getting used to.
Great product I put it on my garage with a 32 inch tv so I can be seeing a movie wen I'm working out
dislike - sound not very good. all other staff - very well
ON a 55" Samsung smart tv the sound quality was not as good as the tv speakers, but on a 40" Samsung non-smart tv the sound quality is about equal to tv speakers. This is for me only, a 91 year old male with not so good hearing. I think a person with good hearing might be a better judge of the sound quality. The simolio unit was easy to set up using the optical audio cable on both tv's and works well as intended.
It is in very good condition and very well charged
Worked as expected. Every now and then a black blip on screen prevented from giving 5 stars
At first glance, the Otium Soar case looks interesting in its design to open. The mechanism to open is to push the side with your thumb. The internal plastic seems a little cheap but for the price, I do not expect premium and the outside it just fine. You would definitely need to use both hands to open the case, one to keep it still while the other actually does the pushing. The labeling on the inside of the case and on the device itself is nice to make sure you do not mix the left and right one up. Otium claims that the case says it can get 2.5 hours of charging and the headphones themselves last for 1.5 hours. This sounds about right with how they have worked for me. Compared to products like airpods and galaxy buds that is not a long time so if you were on the go these might not help you if you are not near an outlet. The case is charger is micro usb but I really wish I saw a USB type C charger. The buds themselves came with many different size options for your ears. The buds are conformable fitting in the ear for me. I did have to look at the manual to figure out how to set them up but it was not hard or time consuming at all. They do connect to themselves and they say connected which is a little strange because the first assumption is the voice saying connected would mean that it was connected to my phone, which was not the case. The buds at top volume are not as blasting as I can get my wired earphones at, which I would assume most people would not want to damage their ears anyway but that is a thing to keep in mind. It does a good job keeping most ambient noise out. The range on the Bluetooth is not that bad but you are usually going to be near your device anyway. When you put them back into the case it shows that they light up when they charge which is a nice feature. When I pull them back out they connect to my phone within a few seconds. When I went on a run with them they did not move at all and the sweat did not damage them. After using them for about a week my biggest con to them would be the battery life and the case size. The buds have died on me and I wish they could last longer. The case size is not ideal, especially if you do not have deep or lose pockets. That being said, for the price and what you get, these are not bad at all. These are perfect for people who want the wireless earbuds but do not also want to break the bank.
Easy to install but was very stiff. I even loosened the nuts. No big deal for me since I only move it occasionally to get to the cables, and it is prefect for that. Used on a 49 in tv. Came with all necessary hardware and then some!
For price it is a good speaker but I liked my previous X-mini a little bit better. It had a better bass and never struck me as having a "tinny" sound, which this occasionally does. Next time I'll probably spend a few bucks more and see where I end up. But this is above satisfactory (hence the four star rating).
I was hoping that this would give me a better picture than my old Amazon basics antenna. I was so disappointed to see that this antenna gave me a worse reception than the old one. The booster made no difference at all. I was contacted by the seller and they offered me a full refund. I was thankful I didn't have to go through the trouble of returning the product.
Great product, charges phone fast and AirPods fit perfectly and charges fast, but the Apple Watch charger doesn't work and is pretty large
My Technics turntable died after 30 years, so had not looked at turntables in a long time. Pleased with this one, a little confusing to put together and calibrate, had to go online to view manual. Sound is good, actually fewer features than my old one, more of a manual operation, but good for the money.
Worked for like a month
love the product, I wish I would have ordered more then the 50 feet, only thing if it came in a different like brown or black it would look better. The white color stands out when you can't bury that portion.
This speaker is great. Its bigger than expected...a little larger than the palm of my hand. It'll fit into my leggings pocket, but it has to be in the same pocket as my phone or it'll start to lose connection. It has a nice weight and durability to it and you can't beat the waterproof factor, but the lack of Bluetooth range is incredibly poor.
Worked like a charm. Pay more!
The sound quality is excellent, and the size and weight are exactly what I was looking for. My only issue is that the power button is stubborn, for both on and off. It takes several tries to get it to respond and it can be frustrating.
Other than that, it work for all the basics and keeps them secure.
I got this sound bar to replace 2 old, worn out satellites for my computer, which I use just to monitor music while editing, I didn't expect to get deep driving bass from such small drivers and I didn't get much, but that wasn't a problem as I kept the old subwoofer which rounded things off quite well. I was quite surprised by the reasonably accurate highs it produced, I could differentiate between musical instruments, even when playing poorly mixed pop reproductions. Its pretty loud and dynamic too even when playing jazz. It distorts when the volume is cranked up to ma but that was to be expected, but I'm quite pleased with this sound bar for the price.
They are comfortable except hard to get used to with the controls ..... buttons in odd places
This appears to be good quality and is a pretty simple design. It holds the Kinect in place safely. On my TV, it wants to angle the camera slightly upward, but I think with some tinkering I can correct this.
Sound is excellent just seems that the ear piece pops out my ear easily.
It looks good and I like .I got what I paid for.
Installed easily and works well. It does sit a bit too far from the wall for my liking, but that's probably true of all arm mounts.
These headphones have good sound and work well. The ear bud area is a bit small, they fit me well but my husband's normal man sized ears stuck out all over the place. Other than that, they work well, are comfortable and no I have no complaints.
This is definitely a great sound system! I would say it's an upgrade from the one they had before! It's a nice and sleek design that looks very modern and nice. The remote is nice and simple to use and connecting it is super simple. The sound is very crisp and clean the bass is good, but I wish it was a little stronger. Other than that it's a great system that performs very well. Any other questions, feel free to just ask me :)
Nice product. Takes a few minutes to setup the first time then great. Long battery life!
These work well, but they are a little large for my head (however, I'm an adult who has a small head).
This is a great project and the sound is booming. Would be perfect if it were rechargeable.
Internal speakers are just OK. Out line is a little low. I have to turn my amps vol up every time I put the phono. Not a big dill though. Its a nice product
I bought a product like this from ebay, but this one thicker which I like! Protects my case, and my family has this case so we all have different colors so we can tell who is who's! Would buy again!
Protects my head phones! Very sturdy.
Small CD player / radio combination. Sound good, works well.
So far holding a charge as expected
Happy that it worked to replace an old one just like it.
Great noise cancelling abilities. Audio is really good with the noise cancelling on but if you turn it off, the audio is poor. Decent bass. Blue tooth connectivity needs some work. For the money these are good to go.
The Channel Master antenna works okay. I am not able to get the PBS station with it but I get the major stations like ABC, NBC, PBS, FOX.
I bought this to use with a small laptop that had no DVD drive. It works very well. Its fast with a USB 3 connection. The outer enclosure is very thin so if you push or place anything of any weight on top of it it will stop the disk spinning inside. Aside form that if you are nice to it this unit is a good buy for the money.
Purchased this for my father, easy to use, intuitive, but I find it to be a bit soft when it comes to producing loud audio. The buttons feel like you have to smash them hard for them to function, volume tops out a bit softer than I would like but over all I do recommend the speaker.
This is a very nice and decent product for the money materials are kinda cheap feeling but still sturdy.
For the price I like these headphones for the price. I have numerous headphones-earphones-buds. The over-the-head style I find to be more secure in certain situations like in the gym. I don't have to worry so much about them falling out or off. The sound is fine for the price, I did not expect audiophile quality. The construction seems fine, and the fit is comfortable. The audio voice prompts are heavily accented, nothing wrong with that, and the L and R are reversed apparently. Good value IMO.
Easy set-up, picture quality is as good as a flat unit, but just ok day to day. Easy to adjust reception by rotating the unit. Picture quality is not as good as you can get with an attic antenna. You probably will get pixel images from time to time.
Works with my Roku TV! I feel like it doesn't work as well as the original, but maybe it's actually something else like the angle of my TV...
Does exactly what you would expect for the price point. Works well right out of the box!
A very cute guy however the biggest disappointment is that I did not receive the usb charging cable as advertised as having. I ended up using a cable from my son's console to charge it. He works just fine so far do good..
Worked as hoped for, one word of caution. Not all apple compatible devices actually work. This did
These are good headphones. sound is good. quality is a little cheap feeling. the sizing is a little small. so it is better for small people or teens. i am only 5'7'' and it is snug. Also, the flashing lights are a little childish and annoying, but my kids love it, so i would recommend for right person. the FM function is nice. another interesting thing is that the automated voice is a foreigner, sounds french or something
After less than 3 months they broke - where the ear par attaches to the head band. Had to duck tape them back together. I don't use them for anything that would cause them to break, very easy on them. The sound is really good and would definitely be worth the money if they didn't break so easily.
Works good. A little static but good
Sound is quite good, design OK though cable could be shorter. Nice to be able to use my Shure 315 with BT. Wish case was a bit bigger to more easily fit cable WITH earbuds.
Almost all ok, but it can't change the sound of notification or calling and I can't find where to put the memory SD
the cover is very vivid and I like it very much. Would like it if the tablet part would snap into place when not rotating, so it does not flop open. My old case had a snap so I just have to get used to this style.
Easy to install. Still get some static at times.
Very impressive sound right from the box. Very easy set up. Lot of nice features with the app, haven't tested them all yet but it looks pretty neat. I haven't tested the battery life yet so I left that blank.
fits comfortably, arrived on time, only complaint is the sound is low.
This case is nice and sleek. It's on the thin side and I wish it had a little holder for a keyring. Also a dust magnet like all silicone cases but all in all, nice.
The radio part need to be back lit.
Cheap quality sound, the construction material feels high quality, the vibration motors aka "bass" is ok? I mean I just recomment this to test it, if you like it well nice, but is not for listen music everyday, just a diference experience. Btw prepare to use a lot of batteries.
The case and magnets makes storage one less headache, Audio quality so far is great since I bought my ear buds in June. The only thing so far is the the on cord call/pause/play/skip button quit working and popped out but that is likely because I'm bad about skipping through multiple songs as I'm walking. Other than that I love these.
My granddaughters thought they were great, good Christmas gifts.
very nice but I really thought 2 tails would come in the pkg.
This earbud is great. The Bluetooth connectivity is very easy to set up. As for charging, its definitely the best I have ever used. All you have to do is plug the cable in and then drop the earbud into the slot and it magnetically connects and charges. The earbud is okay for music but it works great if you are just talking calls or watching a video.
The sound is good and love that it's waterproof, it's also ready to connect to your phone or tablet. But the volum buttons actually ships songs, which is handy, but an functional vellum volum would have been great too.
I have this hooked up to my PS4 sending sound to my surround system it works perfect, and connects easily without any change to settings,I'm using the two channel RCA cables it isn't true surround in this mode but I'm not complaining, my only issue is the length of the power cable it's not long enough.
So far so good... I been using them w my waterproof iPod shuffle for about 3 months now... NO COMPLAINS. good sound quality.
4 stars for now, more later if it holds up. Quality seems excellent. Zipper is fairly smooth and works well. Better than advertised so far.
Works great but a little tricky to unclip if pushed in too far.
Not bad -- minor manufacturing changes could be made to make it a much better product. The headband has a nylon interior and cotton-y exterior. It's large enough and stretchy enough to be comfortable even for those of us with large, abnormally round heads. The adjustable speaker pads are decent but it would be nice if there was some velcro or something to hold the pads in place so they wouldn't shift so much. More importantly, about six months, the cord failed where it meets the pad.
I ordered this item in Grey because that is what my wife wanted and it came Black. What should I do?
Really does only have room for ID & one card which is all I needed. Rubber side could “stick” better. I did not install mirror and hoped for room for another card or a paper bill $ or two. No luck I do like it & the color.
These work very well, especially for the price. No need to spend tons of money for something I'll probably loose in less than a year anyway, right? My only complaint is that the sound quality isn't the best, but it's not bad either. There is sometimes some static/cut-out in the sound, but that might be because I stuff headphones in my purse and don't necessarily take the best care of them.
I like the time period it was fast.
Through no fault if my own my charger broke I got this to replace it, it is not a perfect fit and hangs a little loose but so far it charges my laptop so I'm happy.
Well it's not the greatest sound system ever. But, it's not the worst. The sound bar produces a relatively flat sound which requires you to use the subwoofer. The subwoofer brings in a decent low end. The bass is not well rounded. It's just plain bass. But combine is with the soundbar, and you have decent sound. Overall, it definitely is better than the built in TV speakers. The whole system gives off a nice well rounded sound. Nothing that will blow you away. But not the worst.
works fine in south Florida.
The on screen set up is great. It would be nice if the remote was backlighted for theater room viewing.
Color is really nice, quality is good, but I'm a professional musician thus super demanding at all times, even in the shower I want perfection. Anyway serves very well to the purpose. Thank you very much.
The battery life. Im not sure if it's because I use them for 2 hrs plus and have it at medium volume. But the battery life isn't that great. Possibly thinking of returning them but I don't know yet.
I have bought several pairs of the MPow wireless head phones. I like the lightweight style and sound quality. I have lost a couple, slammed one in the car door etc. So I don't feel bad if I have to replace often at this value price. They stay in the ear well, have decent ....though I wouldn't say over 6 hours as stated.... battery life. I have worn in the pool while lounging or walking and have had no issues. They have not been submerged, but have been splashed with no issue. I like to ear when blow drying hair, for ear protection as well as listening to books on tape. They block a good amount of noise, though not sound proof. Block out the hair dryer...but when vacuuming it is harder to hear. These are fairly loud but adjustable. Phone calls seem to be ok, people can hear you, but prefer using the speaker phone for better clarity. Well worth the price and don't look too goofy...lol.
Product cam quickly and works as expected!! Still a little early but we have been able to pick up the heart beat here and there !!
Great way to hide the surge protector and a bunch of ugly cords. I ordered a grey box and received a white box, but kept it because I don't want to hassle with more returns.
This charger works very well. It charges my husband's watch up like a champ!!!
It was a gift, he loves them!
Case as described received in a timely matter
Works pretty good, I do have an issue, it seems not to be able to pick up mi mic, but it does my sound.
seems very confortable
The Specialy-AV SCART-to-Component converter works wonderfully! I've used it with the SNES and the SNES RGB SCART cables from Retro Gaming Cables UK and it works as you'd expect! Super clear video quality, even better than S-video. There were videos about how this device needed to be opened up to mess around with some pots in order to color correct the video output, but seems no longer a problem as this one was perfect right out the gate. There are two points I don't like about it, though: there's no off switch and there's no audio. However, I have a workaround that fixes that last problem, so it's all good!
I love the case and it is good for the pool the only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have a case holder for a belt clip
The headphones work great, it is comfortable, they are not noise cancelling as advertised but do reduce the noise around you significantly.
Pretty easy to assemble. The quality is decent I just wish it was taller to watch movie while sitting in chairs. The screen is pretty short. Originally I put it up for movie and it fell back cause of strong winds, good thing it came with stakes and rope to stake it down for stability.
I was very pleased with the clock. It fits well on my night table and has good sound. It arrived promptly.
When this device runs out of power you will have to pair your bluetooth devices with it again. Plugging it into a usb port in your tv or similar device is not sufficient. You need a usb wall charger, and if you are able I suggest getting a long usb cord and keeping it plugged in permanently. With a steady power supply there are no problems. Other than that it does its job, even on my old tv. Also the company has amazing customer service.
All around great product for the money. Almost exactly what was given to me with my watch originally. Just wanted a second one for traveling
Loved this flashlight for walks at night and for general use around the house. However the lanyard broke off after about a week and now a year later the memory function on the light broke and it barely functions anymore. I tried charging the light and the green light never came on after at least 18 hrs, and it should only take 5.5 hrs for a charge. Despite the metal casing and the rough durable look, this is a cheap light and I would not recommend.
Auto no guessing frames these take out all the guess work wish they were a little more flexible though.best thing about these they are not as dark as most active shutter glasses when It comes to brightness loss due to 3d formats by design.
Carrying bag missing
My only complaint is the quality and choice of sounds, everything else is great.
My djing and it works great!
It arrived with all of the parts. That said, toss the directions. They show using the same pieces in different places showing the holes in different directions. If you like building stuff from Ikea... You'll hate building this. I think they purposely came up with the most difficult way to attached two metal rods together as possible.
The earbuds are more flatter and afew millimeters smaller than the prior earbuds I bought. They're not as appealing and sticked out of my small ears. This one also touch sensitive for controlling phone call and music playing. The right and left combined to preform different control functions on music and phone calls. The sound quality, on the other hand, is abit flat. The earbuds don't give out enough bass and the treble. I don't hear the CD quality sound as compared to the other earbuds I have. But it does allow some of the music apps to adjust the sound quality a bit. The earbuds is good device for making phone conversations. The sound great for phone calls. The sound doesn't jump between right and left for its 3D feature during phone conversations. The battery works pretty close to what the manufacturer claimed it would do.
Pretty solid speakers. Not going to produce much lows but everything else is works fine in my 04 Toyota Sequoia.
Made sturdy, used this to mount a tv in my semi truck, has held up better I expected
Can't tell. This I my first iPhone, I am having trouble with everything. E.G. syncing my Fitbit Blaze Watch.
Great sound for "little" speakers. Needs usb port & Aux port.
My son got these for his iPad. He loves that he can magnetize them around his neck and they don't fall off. he says they work really good and don't hurt his ears. They are Kid approved!
Short battery life but does the job
This is a very good bluetooth transmitter, its easy to connect to and the sound quality is very good. Also the Quick Charge connector is a nice touch. The only slight issue I have is that the skip, pause play buttons are facing down which can be hard to press the right one.
Using this in my work computer for meetings instead of those ugly and uncomfortable headsets with the arm mic. The sound quality is very good, both hearing and speaking (with the mic)
Sounds good, very portable, and cheap. Battery don't hold to much. Bluetooth works with everything I have.
So far so good. It appears to be working well. Have not had it long enough to give it 5 stars and truly evaluate it.
It can be confusing to set these devices up to synch properly so I was a little frustrated initially--but that is not the fault of the company and it arrived in very good condition w/cable.
These are easy to pop on your EarPods and makes them slightly more comfortable but still not great. I have small ears so the hooks help hold them in but they still hurt my ears after a short time. They work in a pinch when I can't use my Bluetooth headphones but wouldn't choose to wear them if I didn't have to.
Good fit but I'm taking a star off for the smell inside.
Nicely designed charging stand and looks elegant. Durability yet to be tested so will update after a month of use. They included several short charging cables but missed an apple watch charger which stands out with a long cable. I need to look for a shorter cable apple watch charger to make look more elegant. Once that is in place, seems like this will declutter my table - I have 2 phones, an older iPad Air 2, a watch 3 and airpods and this is great for decluttering.
love it! great sound... but still gets a little weird when trying to switch from Echo Dot to my computer music, or to my telephone....
Works great and as advertised
my son used these, real good and especially neat looking, until he accidentally ran them over.
It keeps good time and it is simple to use, but the display is to bright, should be softer. Thank you
Pro: The AM portion of this radio is great. Strong reception. Neutral: The speakers are small, but sound OK. Not great, not bad. Con: No tone adjustment. Clock radio does not stay lit at night. Only lights up for a few seconds when you adjust station or some other setting.
Works perfectly. Just the cord I needed
This splitter is working well for our needs. Good picture quality on both screens. Seems to be well made.
the product arrived promptly. i have not had an opportunity to use it yet. Would be nice to have come with batteries....but, i know that is not normal. maybe a suggestion from Amazon to purchase batteries when needed would be helpful
So far, the Bestek power inverter has worked well for me when I have had to work on the road while my spouse is driving for long stretches. I used to just be able to work until my laptop died, but I now have the power to work the whole way. It also has space for inputs to USB as well, which I didn't realize when buying. My IT tech had recommended this product to me when I asked for the best way to deal with needing more power while traveling in the car.
Excellent for multipurpose use and reliable
Bought these for my daughter and she absolutely loves them. Really good sound quality, well made and Very easy to pair up.
Works well with my Bose ll speaker
I bought these because I am a pole dancer and I was looking for something to stay in my ears when I went upside down while I free dance. I was surprised when they stayed in! The noise quality is good and I was even more impressed by the noise canceling properties. They are a little bulky and they don't stay in my ears all the time, but I am going upside down a lot. Overall great purchase and I'm happy to have them while I'm free styling at the studio.
I have had these headphones for a full year now, and I am here to make an honest review, when i first got the headphones they sounded very good, quality is fine l, looks kinda bulky and big. It's pretty comfortable as well. When you move your head around to much the headphones tend to get loose. The current state of the headphones now is decent I guess, the sound quality degraded and sounds kinda static now, so if your not a careful person like me, your headphones will not sound as good as they sounded when you first got them. Overall some of the best pairs of headphones I have ever gotten.
Works great and has a long battery life. Only drawback is it's heavy AF.
Get what you pay for , not bad , but not the best, overall I do enjoy them, great for exercise.
For the most part works great, but 1/2 time running car it will start a crackling and has to be removed and plugged in again.
The sound quality is excellent I was surprise of the crisps sound that emanates from this device the manual was very clear in explaining the operations of this device. The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is the brightness of the on-off button unable to damm it at night but a excellent product.
Simple fix to connecting to charge port. Just trim around micro USB.
I really like the look of the clock on my nightstand. It arrived with simple instruction, easy to follow and use. As and added bonus, it's ring is relatively NOT annoying as some alarms are.
It's a bit smal fitting. But the sound is huge. The only bad thing is other people can hear what ur listening too also.
Just got them....seem to be very good quality sound. I think Klipsch has them made for them.
The light works very well. I did have some trouble connecting it to my mobile device but the Smart Life app walked me through a different way to pair them and it worked. All and all very happy with this purchase.
Installed in outside wall (insulated with cross members and covered with 5/8” drywall) which adds to difficulty. This product is for an inside wall with 1/2” drywall. You can not simply use the provided hole saw and slip the conduit in when installing in 5/8” drywall. Ultimately, I removed the section of drywall, used the hole saw to cut the hole. Then continued to strip a way a little more drywall around the hole so that the fittings would slip in. Basically installed the complete kit in a new piece of drywall in the garage and then installed the new drywall the removed drywall was located.
I'm very disappointed in the low volume these amplified speakers produce. Also, the light on the volume knob stopped working in the first hour of use.
It works great. I like total enclosed cover for my phone
After only a couple months what I thought was a great speaker is NOT! Battery won't last more than 20 minutes after charging for a full day! No longer gives low battery warning, just DEAD! Very disappointed! Everything else was great until the battery croaked!
Works well. Very versatile. Does not convert current.
All products I have gotten fro dealing with Amazon were of the best as I expected.
Protects my phone and is my fav color
These buds deal into your ear well, I have been having a problem with the Left one disconnecting. It happens every so often but when it does it won't stop
The secure earhooks interfere with sensors making it always on. I was having some soreness when I started using my airpods and thought this would help. With the secure earhooks on the airpods do not fall out.
Put it in the drive and follow the instructions - piece o' cake. I have a cheap DVD player and it was occasionally locking up on old library disks; it works better now.
Not an easy repair. I damaged my device trying.
Nice case, does give a sense of protection and the material makes it hard to slip from my hand. However, I was disappointed by the strength of the glow in the dark material. A deficient in the glow. The carabiner clip is of low standard. I paid $9.99
I kike this small radio because I can keep it right beside my favorite chair. Its convenient to check the time or turn on my favorite radio program or news or music. Its great to take along on trips too. Jesse Frey
The advertised 100 hours is true, Ive used these all summer and haven't had to charge them once! However, be aware that it is a common issue for the charging case to make a high pitched humm when you put the earbuds back in the case, but it isn't that noticeable.
Super cute and functional, however I personally find the latch annoying when it comes to using the trackpad or searching for sites. I would prefer it had an elastic band to hold the laptop closed (similar to the bands on the top corners of the screen).
Got this for my daughter who is a schoolteacher. Very smart looking and well-made bag and very useful for the schoolwork she has to take him from her students.
Happy with the product!!! Thank you
Works great. Picks up stations great. Sounds amazing. 4-stars because no backlight.
Bought this 2 years back - worked good , as of last week one of the switches broke and those outlets are always on
This is a great product! Easy to install. I was able to set it all up within 5 minutes using just the directions which came with it. I had no channels now I have lots in great HD picture. Definitely recommend!
Great device. I would have given 5 stars but for one thing: When you press the M button to change Mode a voice announces the new mode at top volume. Since I generally use the speaker at a low volume this is quite annoying. Of course if I don't change modes it's not a problem.
sometime does not respond to commands.
I'm giving this a 4 because I haven't used it yet, because I'm not traveling for another serveral weeks. It looks like it will be great and I like that it has 2 USB ports. I'll update my review after I use the product!
Price was great and shipped instantly
not the same memory foam as Bose provides on their product,
Wish I had purchased it earlier
Nice look and sound. Great speakers for gaming.
I'm using Future Sonic G3 in ear monitors and I prefer the foam inserts over the silicone. I purchased these hoping for better comfort and noise cancellation. These do that very well. Also, the comfort level is pretty awesome and I'm able to wear these for longer periods of time. Good product!
Many thanks. Charged quickly. Let it run on batter and drop to 7% as directed. Charged up perfectly again. Many thanks!
Doesn't quite feel as nice as the original pads, maybe these are a bit stiffer? However, the price is great. A good value.
Like. Used for purpose as intended by the manufacturer.
Works good. I'm not a fan of that it's angled in on direction but it works well.
I bought these for my husband, and he's happy with the sound quality.
Easy to use- works great. I bought another one after testing the first one. Bluetooth works great. I thought when I unboxed it, it didn't have Bluetooth but after testing I was happy with it. The pictorial on the box is confusing because it looks as though it only works with wires. The box should promote as its primary use, the Bluetooth feature which works great.
this works very well for my home office. i put my headset on it for conference calls and i can charge my phone and anything I'm using on it. a USB-C PD charger or QC 3.0 would put this over the top but for the price i cant complain.
I had one of these a couple years back this one is not nearly as loud but it's still amazing
Worked fine for a bunch of months set on high the stock internal fan never came on when this was running. But one time when I turned on the PS4 the fan made a high screechy noise and it was because one of the fans was loose and wobbling around when spinning. Not a big deal until more started becoming loose from the added vibration. They're cheap so I just bought another.
Im sure the lamp is great but it was the TV that needed replaced.
Simple to assemble even though I didn't quite understand the instructions or I was missing a piece, but my 55" tv sits nicely on it. It's really compact which is nice because the tv sits close to the wall so it looks good
Fit well sound good just have to put them in before turning on music or u will pause it
The light can be well adjusted,the color is perfect!but the quality of the sound is not flattering.
The battery life is kind of disappointing. But overall it's a good product I like the sound quality and the price was good. Also the hand controls on the headset is easy to use I like how the pause and play button is big.
The USB charging ports appear to be compatible with Apple devices, which is a huge bonus. Would've liked better spacing on the electrical outlets. Does the job it's advertised to do, though. Recommend.
It serves its purpose. It isn't too thick.
The alarm clock is really nice for the price. Purchased it mainly for the projection option, which works well.
It has held up great for all of our DVD storage.
It was pretty smelly at first, but after airing it out it is perfect.
Works decently. The signal booster made no difference of picture. The mounting pins l bent when trying to push them in. Got a lot more channels than the gm brand I purchased before hand.
Would have given 4 stars if the tablet didn't sit at such an odd angle
This is my 11-year-old son's review: Was tricky to learn how to use at first because it's so different from an XBox controller. But once you get used to it, it becomes easy to use. Works well, has a long enough cord to reach the seating in the room (about 5-6 feet) and has been reliable in quality. Used for racing in XBox 1, Forza Motorsports game.
I like that you can rotate to tune in, I don't like that antenna changes direction every time you press the button!
Solid, tight and strong performance, stylish and lots of useful features. Awesome sound, adequate power, The Bluetooth works much better than I thought it would, connects quick and stays connected. I'm a singer and record songs online at a couple sites and the vocal quality of this amp I must say....is very good! I only have one complaint, which kept me from giving it 5 stars, and that is the effects and controls for the microphone inputs.....If singing through the amps speakers live, it's all great, but I need my mic mix to play through the amp's line outputs, into my mixer and finally into my computer. but NOOOO!! The mic's mix does NOT output through the RCA recording line out jacks, and that is causing me much distress, dang it. But other than that one issue, I couldn't be happier with my new amp, I highly recommend it, especially for the great price, your bang for your buck makes this amp an excellent buy!
They are awesome cables but I didn't consider the weight when I bought these. I had planned to throw them in my laptop bag, but they are just too heavy. I like the quality and will buy a shorter length to reduce the weight.
Fits tight without a lot of bulk added to the phone. Just wish the materials didn't show every print where it has been touched. Otherwise it is a nice case the my phone!
So far they are just great and are very comfortable
Good speaker for the price. The only complaint I have is the battery life. I feel like we are constantly having to charge the speaker. But overall, good product!
GPS not very accurate but can call child and check in.
The right one goes off an on even on full charge. Sounds good with my note 8 but not so good with my galaxy 8 plus. I guess it depends on the phone
I love this! I am thinking of getting another one to create surround sound in the bathroom while showering! Overall it is compact and portable which makes it easy to carry around and store. Great sound!!!
Color is pretty close to the coral Google Home Mini. Easy to mount, but the direction does make it seem a bit like the mini is upside down (volume controls feel backwards).
can't hook speakers up to it but nice sound
I like the more flexible aspect of these cases. I only wish there was room inside for a CD cover.
Has a nice sound especially for it's small size. But the battery only lasts for a few hours.
Great product! Fits well and color is true to picture
I bought it as a replacement for my sound core nano thinking it would be louder since it's approximately the same size but newer. I still think the Nano is a bit louder. Also, the build quality of the Nano is way better. Hey Anker... just remake the Nano and mass produce it again. I'll find a use for the Ao, eventually, I'm sure.
I want to love this speaker, but it could be better. I got a great price on it during a lightening deal. It works good and was easy to pair. My 2 complaints are that 1. It sounds a bit muffled. I have several Bluetooth speakers but this one sounds like it is in a box. 2. The battery seems to drain fast. I can fully charge it but it only lasts a handful of showers then I need to charge it again. I love that I don't have to worry about it getting wet. The suction cup works good but you do need to wet it before hanging it up.
Besides one annoying thing, I really like these headphones. They're super close to what I was looking for. Every once in a while, the sound cuts out for a split second on my pair. This has happened with multiple devices so it's not just my cell phone. It works perfectly for hours then will have a tough period of about 10 minutes where it seems like the headphones are out of range despite me holding my device in my hand.
I use these headphones mostly for running. I sweat, a lot. I've literally ruined other headphones that claimed to be waterproof due to my freakishly excessive sweat. These headphones survived marathon training during the summer and the NYC marathon. Not too shabby for $20,
I loved the size of these earbuds! Some I've had in the past we're bulky or stuck out and these were small. They stayed in while working out which was great.
Seemed like a decent mount but wasn't compatible with my TV
Totally great product for a phone stand. However the "flexible" USB-C port makes it so placing you phone on the stand is a battle with geometry. I spend too much time trying to line up the phone perfectly with the port. Also no fast charging is a huge let down.
This is not a bad monitor, it's just that we've had two others that had better picture quality. Otherwise everything works as expected.
Awesome light fixture with great speakers. One star off since the installation was akward and difficult because of the bluetooth wiring. If you are talented you can jerry-rig the thing and they are amazing. But it takes some serious creativity to have all the wires hidden and have them work seemlessly.
The product is stunning, nice and clear sound with out distortion. I love it!
A LITTLE BIGGER THAN MY ORIGINAL, BUT WORKS GREAT
This is my first dash-cam, and couldn't be happier! Impressed with what you get, for how little it costs. Talked 2 other guys I work with into purchasing the same one after seeing mine. Will touch back on this review after a few months of operation. Would definitely recommend to anyone else looking for a great little camera!
I like everything about this soundbar EXCEPT that I must use the soundbar control separately from the TV or cable control to adjust the volume. Had I known this, I might have chosen a soundbar from the same label as my TV to get seamless integration.
Does what I wanted it to do. Happy, Happy Joy Joy
Nice case, very durable, just too big for my Beats Solo Wireless
I bought these for my boyfriend to wear when he practices his drums at home. They are decent for the cost. When he really gets into some rock songs, its easy to drown these out...but over, they do the job.
Great product for the money.
Remote power and mode doesn't work. Sound is ok. Wish company would send new remote.
I'm very pleased with your product ,it works flawlessly , not like my old one from another company. Sincerely, Nikki
Comfortable, I usually use it for periods of 4-5 hours. Very clear both for calls and audio directions from Google Maps. Well worth the money and the battery life seems fine. They seem well made and give good levels of bass. I can't fault them.
Love the color and feel, but my popsocket won't stay attached. I even tried gorilla glue to adhere it and it fell off a day later
Bought this for a gift for a friend and she loves it
I've been using this for a couple months now. Its ok. Sometimes it doesn't always allow fast charging
So glad I found this case for such a good price here in Amazon. The original case to my husband's Bose SoundLink Mini had frayed (the green cord) and just looked worn, dirty and old overall, so he was in need of a new case. But, when I looked into buying it, I found it to be ridiculously expensive. Then, I started looking here and got it at an incredible price. Very happy and so is my husband.
I like the case but the screen protector that comes with is terrible I have to press hard for my phone to detect it
Easy to install. Battery power great at first. Lasted days with normal usage. 4 months later, the battery doesn't last as long. Has to be recharged every other day or so. But still a HUGE improvement over the original battery! For the price - I would buy again!
Bought this for my 9 year old grandson.
Good customer service. The seller diligently worked with me to address an issue that I had with the original item that was shipped to me.
I have had a problem with over the ear headphones, they were always uncomfortable and no matter how much I adjusted the headband I ended up getting a headache. Not with these they are comfortable and fit right over my ear the headband is comfortable and snug enough that it doesn't apply to much pressure on my head. They are small, but I have tiny ears so it works out good for me. The sound quality is good and the bass coming through the headphones is awesome. It would have been a plus if the headphones came with a case to carry them in.
These headphones looks sporty and the audio is fine, clear and loud for me. The hooks keeps the headphones from falling out.
Has decent sound, works well with Bluetooth, good bass, high end is a bit muddy. Well worth the money.
we are using this for our 65 inch tv. i was a bit hesitant at first but once it was set up and the tv was put on it, it seems very sturdy and works well. really like the swivel feature as well.
Having the meaning usb ports is great so that I can charge the smaller devices via usb. The regular outlets are a bit too close to each other that some cords with a bigger head will cover 2 outlets.
Work fine connecting my Sat box to a splitter.
I bought these headphones for use at work and they are great! I've been pretty impressed with the battery life and they charge at my desk fairly quickly - sometimes I even throw them on for 10 to 15 minutes if I need to get through the rest of my day when they die. I bought my wife a pair for working out and she complained they didn't stay in what well with sweating but that likely is just a person to person issue. These are great headphones for the money, though and I would definitely buy another pair should mine ever die. I've had them at my desk for awhile now and they always connect to my computer easily. Sound quality is great for the price but don't expect them to block out a ton of background noise if that's what you are trying to do. That and my wife's complaint are the two reasons I'm giving them 4/5 but if you just want to listen to music then I would say 5/5!
Received in a timely manner. Having gone thru many wireless blue tooth headsets, I can say this one, depending on the device, performs pretty well. It does have some issues connecting, even if it was already previously connected, but for the most part it works well, and if you can find the correct ear plug, they are very good. BTW, it comes with a great array of plugs, and sound quality for the price is very good.
Bought these a year back. I was kinda rough with them. A bit of wire was exposed and it continued to work for a few months like normal after that until the audio messed up.
These earbuds sound just like the Apple ones I bought my daughter, but for a fraction of the cost. These came with a nice little pouch and a charging cable too. I highly recommend them.
light, comfy , and very good sound!
This helps me save money, nothing wrong with that, right?
The case arrived promptly as most Amazon prime orders do. It holds the new Nintendo 3DS XL and games perfectly. It is a good sturdy case, yet still very compact and portable.
Was a bit skeptical at first but really such a good quality and great product. Would purchase again in he future!
Over all a good player. There are two ways to turn the thing on and off - a switch a the bottom will turn power completely off and a sleep mode which remembers your last settings. The only negative is the power out put is low so you have to raise the volume higher than most players. Doing so drains the batteries so that it realistically last about 20 hours.
Works just like the OEM
First things first, these are the best I have ever tried. I went to best buy first and tried all of the demo set's. These top all of them hands down. And for $50 just can't beat the price. Amazing product, I highly recommend them.
Wall mount arrived quickly. Seems to be well made and sturdy. Mounted my LCD TV with it. All the parts and accessories came with it. Does the job that was expected. Can't beat the price compared to a retail store. Love it, five stars!
Used to house a vast collection of DVDs, Blu Ray and video games.
Fast service and an excellent product! Thank you so much!
I use my mobile phone constantly throughout the day for work and need headphones to so I can have both hands free. These headphones are amazing, comfortable, and a great buy.
I really like these headphones. I'm not a hardcore audiophile but most of the in ear headphones that I've used either have decent bass response but sound dull on the higher frequencies or have clear highs but wind up sounding tinny because of poor low end performance. Most headphones use either balanced armature or dynamic drivers each of which has its pros and cons. These incorporate both types of technology into their drivers . I'm not a sound engineer but the end result is deep resonant bass, bright clear highs and warm midtones with excellent separation between instruments. They are also loud. The noise cancelling is just passive, which is the only downside, but active noise cancellation adopted for earbud style headphones has it's own set of drawbacks. At $60 they aren't cheap but they sound a lot better than Beats that are twice as much money. I'm very happy with them and I think they are a relative bargain.
So in love with this case! It reminds me of the scene in lilo in stitch where he opens his mouth and the music comes out. Has not gotten dirty and has not broken. Really amazing product!!!!
Great product for the money.
Used for a power supply for a fish-tank LED hood, worked like a charm.
Works well and I use it for all my presentations. I also have the Logitech model, but this one has a better and solid battery door latch. Having the USB receiver stored in the body is great...no losing it!!! Laser pointer works well and is sharp and clear. Slide buttons and laser button are a bit too close together for big fingers, but OK. Nice to have battery-low light as well. Case is very nice as well.
Charged fast, and sound is fantastic. Easy to pair up with my Samsung phone. Absolutely love it
These cords are well made and seem like they will last. I liked the variety of lengths. The plug is tight fitting and doesn't come unplugged when you don't want it to.
GReat for running! Connect automatically to my phone when the earbuds are turned on.
I found this item on Amazon, and wasn't expecting it. Another source dried up. But then I found this one and delivery was far faster than expected.
I tried to call my kids from our kitchen on the 1st floor when they are on the 3rd floors . It sounds very clear and great.Satisfied with the working range .Recommend .
Solid product. Have been using J-Tech stuff for years. Had a receiver fail from a previous generation of the product and was assured that this new generation would be compatible. 100% correct! Thanks J-Tech.
Easy to set up and ready for use. I like the thin design of the product and the ease of adding 128g card.
I ride 15-25 miles 3-4 times a week and this helps dramatically with being able to see the progress on my phone to better my times and distance. No complaints so far with 4 rides using the holder. I have an iPhone 8+ and it works great.
Best Bluetooth there is. Also, the retro look and feel of a real Marshall amp makes this an amazing piece. Love it.
My TV is an older model that still works great. I lost the remote during a move. This replacement worked as soon as I took it out of the package.
The swivel mounted ear cups provide a nice fit for full ear coverage for clear quality sound. Being a glasses wearer, I found that I had no pain at the back of my ears where my glasses set. Meaning, the headphones don't apply to much pressure. When I have it connected to my cell phone, there is a simple one push button process to take and end a call and I can control the volume through the phone or the headphones themselves. The headband is soft and flexible which remains comfortable after long periods of use. I use my headphones a lot when listening to audio books and find the sound quality is just as clear when hearing the narrator speak as when listening to music. Crisp and crystal clear. It came with a nice bag for storing it when not in use, as well as the necessary charging and audio cables. Very satisfied with this purchase of these Ghostek Bluetooth headphones.
They worked perfectly
Yes, served my purpose. Would recommend to everyone. Ideal for traveling, or home.
Worked well. It was a very needed item.
This is a great little shower speaker. I use it every morning and usually charge it what seems like once every few weeks or so. I've had one for over a year now and it's starting to not last as long but that is to be expected and at the small price tag i will just eventually buy another one. It's also very portable and have taken it with me on trips as well.
Recently I bought a new laptop. It has only two USB ports which are not enough. Because of this reason, I bought this USB Type-C Hub, which offers three extra USB ports. This perfectly solved my problem. I am happy with it.
I'm so extremely happy with my new bluetooth headphones! Very happy with the quality and you cannot beat the price! I use mine for listening to music while I exercise, whether I'm at the gym or going on a jog with my dog. Great sound quality and noise cancellation is fantastic as well! I'm happy with the hands free ability to control my music as well...much better than not being able to control my playlist at all. They're also pretty comfy and I didn't have issues with them getting wet while I worked out; nice and dry the whole time. If you're looking for great quality without spending $100, these are definitely worth the $20.
Too much bass. but battery life is perfect. price also great. I bought a like new product from warehouse, but it's brand new(even package wasn't broken!)
The wife used one at home, one in the car, the other in the office. The fast arrival was good Quality seems superb and the strength is what I've been looking for. It charges her iPhone and the iPad nicely. The cable is very sturdy and strong with the nylon braids around it so it wont break easily. Will buy next time . very satisfied with product
Bought this product for my new tattoo shop because a lot of clients were asking to charge their phone, and I always out of the phone charger cables, and always lost control of where to put all the phones. After I got this station, it worked so good you can just plug one outlet in, and you have so many ports that you can charge the phones at the one place. No more messy desk. Highly recommend to any of you looking to charge a lot of phones at the same time.
This one is much better than my old one, easy to install, easy to switch, feel real, good workmanship, fast signal switching and the most important thing is the remote control, I like this remote control.You don't have to press around every time you switch.Buy right!
Great bass and music quality. Lite weight and can be carried around
Recently my son went on a trip with his high school, it was a three day trip. They spent about eight hours in the past traveling. This speaker came in handy, they were able to use it most of the ride, they put on the window he was getting charged well they were playing music and just having fun. Recently my son went on a trip with his high school, it was a three day trip. They spent about eight hours in the bus traveling. This speaker came in handy, they were able to use it most of the ride, they put it on the window it was getting charged well they were playing music and just having fun. Especially with the bus with no charging station, this feature was off the hook, the solar charging. All of his friends had talked about it, snap chatted about it. Very convenient, easy connect via Bluetooth, The sound quality is amazing, it's loud, it's clear, and you can actually feel the bass as well, super amazing charge features. And the list goes on and on. This is an amazing speaker overall and buy, highly recommend this product.
Got this for my son. He said he likes it plays good and clear very happy son
Worked as advertised for mounting my sound bar to my TCL 50" TV
Tiny ears and works the best for working out and general use. Traditional ear buds never fit and simply fall out even while I'm stationary. Really wish Sony had this in wireless.
Perfect replacement for my old, dead battery packs! Back in business!😁
So far so good. The speakers are very reasonably priced and sound great in my boat powered by the stock 8-track headunit. Cant wait to hear them after I install my kenwood headunit.
Exactly what I was looking for. I wanted my Dot in a central location in the house. Great Product!!!
They sound good and the battery life lasts a lot longer then what I expected
Really appreciate the basic packaging. After the cord on my MacBook Pro failed, I ordered one from apple, but it was the wrong one. This one though, works like a charm!
Quality and fast shipping Thank You
When I first bought these headphones the buttons on the cable didn't work. I contacted the company not expecting a reply however within the day I had received an email to say that I they were sorry I was having issues with their product and that they were sending another pair in the post. I am happy to say that pair arrived, the buttons work and I now have a fabulous set of headphones that deals with the bass of the music I listen to fabulously!
These are great headphones with great sound quality. They fit right of my ears and they are very low profile that I forgot that i have them on sometimes. I use these for work so I don't disturb anybody around me. You can still have hear mostly what is going on around you like ambient noise while still experiencing good audio from the headset. Battery life is only good for a couple of hours, maybe a little more.
Wow. So excited with this product. Easy setup got 30 plus channels. Good quality reception in our RV in our remote campsite!
Convenient to take to work
excellent shipping item was just as expected works great. Thank you
Work great, nice set of back up headphones for friends for those long car rides.
Really well made and very durable, made from metal and has 5 hdmi slot, has a dc slot to for extra power(?). Cause it works fine with just one HDMI output and one HDMI input. Switch/button works and remote doesn't have any delay. The LED blue light isn't overly bright either so useful and not blindingly bright at night.
too big and really goofy looking
Great for travel in Middle East
I love these headphones. They sync easily with my phone. No static. I love that the headphones are adjustable. Very comfortable.
Fast charger in a compact package. Great for travel.
I like the project overall. There are a ton of different slides that are easily changed out on the projector. The background colors blend well with the different slides but they can also be turned off. The remote control has a ton of options with the different speeds, color combinations and even a timer function. One of the reasons that I bought this project is because it has an under water slides with marine life and I'm about to have a baby shower that's under the sea themed and you don't see that very often. It held up well during the rain storm the other day, I'm very happy about that.
These really work. I have total conductive hearing loss on one side and nine months until I can (hopefully) have surgery to repair the hearing bones with prosthetics. The cord lengths are weird, but the headset is adjustable enough that I can get at leas one of the speakers into a good position on the deaf side (I find that behind the ear is better) and the microphone/amplifier does an excellent job of picking up and delivering sound to the speakers. I can hear more with this than I can with my other "good" ear alone.
The batteries came in 2 packs with each battery enclosed in a sealed plastic shrink wrap. They fit my thermometer perfectly and work well .
Works great, good price
Second one for second vehicle. First one works fine. Item is a bit pricey but there is no arguing the external quality. The longevity of the circuits only time will tell
I got these headphones for two reasons: 1. I wanted something to put in when I ride on my indoor cycle trainer in the winter and watch movies. 2. I was sick of my headphone cable getting caught on stuff at the gym. These headphones have exceeded my expectations. They sound surprisingly good and connect easily to my iPhone. I haven't had any issues with connection dropping and the battery lasted a lot longer than I thought it would. Please note that I am rating these based on what they are, and not on what they are not. These are not audiophile headphones. They don't sound mind-blowingly good. In my opinion, they sound better than the EarPods that come with my phone. Not way better, but better.
They work great for what I wanted them for.
Husband broke his original band, these were the color he needed for work. Grateful the fasteners were included. Would buy again.
Use this product for my basement surround sound,and all is now well.
Easy to install Little expensive Working great
Got it works fine. Liked it.
These earbuds have been great! They do exactly what I needed during working for streaming music during the workout or going outside with a dog. Today I went to water workout. I was concerned if I killed them, but I believe word waterproof. Yes, the work after that like they never been in the water:) There is a magnetic force that keeps them in place. They hold their charge well, and everything needed was included!The sound is high and it is very easy to pair with your device. I am planning to buy the same to my husband for Father's Day!
It works well at a reasonable price. Came with 3 which is good cause I lost things. Good product for the price.
Perfect fit for for my 15 inch Mid 2012 MacBook Pro. Super easy to install and shipping was fast. Price was low. No complaints at all!
The cables are flexible and sturdy. The six foot length is great. It is a big improvement over the cable that came with the phone.
Good mirror cam for the price. It get really hot in the Texas heat. When it get to hot the camera will not power off while parked. So I have to unplug it, which means no parking monitoring but all in all it's a nice camera just wish it would have an anti-glare feature.
Great sound and quality
I bought this headphone for my daughter. She loves it. It's super lightweight and no pressure felt either on head or ears after hours using. It also has awesome sound quality. Best value to buy for this price.
Great sound quality for the price! As an adult wearing them, I was a bit worried as to how they fit since they looked smaller than expected but they're great. They're comfortable, easy to handle and I really enjoy the sound with this. The mic works perfectly as well and does a good job of cancelling out all any extraneous noise. I used to have Beats Studio headphones which I loved so I could tune it all out, but these work just as good and for a fraction of the price. Personally, if they broke I would just buy a new pair. I highly recommend them.
I really like jlab headphones the straight ones are perfect for me. The wires don't break on me in just a couple weeks. These last.
This product is better than several AA to D size adapters that I have used in the past. I stock up on AA single-use and rechargeable batteries to prepare for long term disasters. I have several D size flashlights and a number of devices that use AA's. Now I can maintain quantities of AA batteries and use in disasters as well as everyday battery operated devices.
This speaker is amazing! Super easy to charge up and move room to room or outside. Very Happy with my purchase. Highly recommend.
I bought these as a gift for a friend's birthday. He really wanted AirPods but those thing are over $100, and these were within a gifting price. He said they sound great and are comfortable, and they pair quickly to his phone. He seems satisfied - great earbuds and great gift idea.
This is my second flip 3. I wanted two to pair.
Nice packaging, product quality.
It is very powerful and lasts a long time. I would definitely buy again
Exactly what I expected from a knock off Google cardboard product which costs 1/4 the cost of the original. Works great for what it is. It was a great introduction to VR and convinced me I needed to invest in VR as this was enjoyable to view videos and games through. I have since purchased a much more expensive model with built in headphones and adjustable focus/pupil settings.
Have 3 of these around my house. They are awesome and have a clean look to them.
I purchased these for friend who has been traveling. The headphones arrived faster than expected and came in their own zippered case. As soon as I gave them to my friend she was overjoyed with them. The case will allow her to keep them in her purse so that they are available at any moment. She has told me that they work great with her Google phone.
I use the clock for a few days, and I think it's worth the money. I like modern design. It is elegant and beautiful. Many useful features and functions. There are comfortable operating buttons on the top. I like to watch changing colors. Its alarms are reliable and the size is right. ... love it
I have been using a cheap y splitter on my monster cable for years. I changed out my subwoofer to one that required dual inputs. It never occurred to me after set up that I was downgrading my cable with the cheap splitter. I had some issues and decided to replace the entire cable and this one is really worth the price. I do believe I can tell the difference in my bass in my home theater.
Amazing sound quality, they exceeded my expectations. Only problem I have is them staying level in my ear, but overall with out a doubt 5 stars
Installed and working for a good whole. Fits nice and made my obsolete TV work again.
The remote works with my TV
Amazing had to get a 2nd one
Easy to seat the controller with a solid connection. It doesn't take up much room. Great product.
I bought this as a gift! Totally worth it!
Just as expected. Not super short so anyone in the car can play music.
Gets Alexa of on the kitchen counter and out of the way.
I love my new dvd player. It is a nice size, portability, and nice accessories included.
Picked this up so I could use our iPad to watch movies on the projector that we have. I love that I no longer have to haul the laptop or DVD player outside for our outdoor movie nights. The video quality is great, and I couldn't be happier with the purchase!
Used this item to hook up cassette player and two phono turntables to my computer to copy and burn to cd.
I review these each time I purchase a new pair. WONDERFUL, COMFORTABLE and LONG Lasting! I sleep in these every night listening to my audible books. They last and last and last. I get approx. 6 months DAILY use.
Soundbar does a major improvement for my TV speakers. I do not hear any static or unwanted sound from sound bar. This product will deliver a theater effect and still sounds good when played loud. Easy to hook up and use. So far I have no issues. We are using this in our living room but it would also be great in a bedroom. Very happy with the purchase.
Love this charger. It consistently charged our devices in London, Italy, U.S., and Germany. It's compact and perfect for the many devices that need to charged while on travel (e.g. Fitbit, cell phone, iPad, selfie stick) .
I am looking for this kind of product long time, cause i need for study,I really like this product, help me lot. Thanks!
After rigorous use the connection becomes loose .. port weakens along with the connection.
Used it to clean and refresh vinyl records I have purchased at Garage Sales.
Works great. And charge's fast.
Love love love. Being a kiddo from the 90s this is awesome. I love the sleek design. It's just like from when I was teen, except sound quality is better. My son has just claimed this :) Did I mention we love this.
I really like these sleeves. They are good quality. The rounded end makes it much easier to fit in the jacket. I would buy these again.
I chose this product based on the many good reviews...was not disappointed and would buy again and reccomend to others.
We threw a Fortnite themed birthday party for our son and these were great additions to our goodie bags. Two of the stickers were guns (not specific to Fortnite) so we only used 12 of the stickers but we did give one of the older kids the two extra. The stickers were great quality and detail and quickly shipped.
Are you kidding me? This is ridiculously good. Was hesitant due to bad reviews. Took a chance because of price and figured the bad reviews are from people still wondering how to get the 12:00 flashing to stop on their VCR.
Overview: The speaker is very well built and portable. The build is excellent, made out of very strong plastic. The speaker has good insulation from dust and water, providing some needed features that other high end speakers don't have. Build: In my testing the speaker held out really well. I took it to camp to test out the durability. This speaker held out really well. The front amps get very loud when paired by Bluetooth. In my case I used an iPhone XS. In my case i used the speaker while I was outside By the campfire. Battery: I tested the battery nonstop and noticed that I got easily 6-8 hours on constant use. In my defense my phone didn't last as long thus battery life is very subjective to the loudness and if Bluetooth is use. I mostly connected the device via Bluetooth. Features: The main features that this speaker has are the micro sd card slot, and microphone built in. I used the speaker for offline use by transmitting music via bluetooth. Because I was camping the service in my area was fairly poor, thus just adding my whole music library to the micro sd or usb is very convenient.
Super soft and cute. Totally worth the money. Soft pink color, fits my airpot 2 perfectly. Really happy with my purchase.
Feels solid an well made, sound isn't the loudest but it's definitely crisp an full sounding. No cracking or screeching is always a good way to ruin a song, but you won't find that with this speaker. Quality over quantity I say! So buy it you won't regret it.
Great speaker wire, good price. Was not quite enough to handle a five speaker setup in a decent sized room, but buying another spindle is not expensive and they arrive fast. Sound quality is really good.
I wasn't sure about these when I got them, every earbud I have ever stuck in my ears never stays in but I gave them a try and I love them! Once they are in, they stay in. They are very easy to use and set up. The sound quality is great! I love using these to work out with and I'm excited to travel with them. They are much more discrete then my headphones.
Very easy to install. Especially on studs that aren't centered between your desired location. I also added the soundbar mount and it worked well with the unit.
Love that the sub woofer is included inside the sound bar; makes for a neat set up with great sound.
Excellent sound quality and very simple to install. If you are already using optical port than order a splitter box and extra cable. Sounds complicated but really just takes minutes to install. Instructions are simple. I've been using system plugged into wall power so haven't evaluated system on battery power. Also use my own headphones rather then ear buds that come with the system
Works very nice, setup is easy, long battery life, sounds good, small, looks good, portable... What's not to like? I'd buy another.
I've been looking for this charger for years. I'm an apple fan, so I have a lot of things to recharge. The problem is there are too many wires! This rack has all the wires you need (minus the apple watch), so you only need to insert up to two wires instead of the four I used to need. I love it, love it, love it, love it. Plus, it doesn't matter what kind of phone you have!
Very happy with the headphones, great value.
Easy to install... more than enough hardware... so happy with our wall mount and shelves... everyone who visits comments positive opinions and asks about where we got it... one of the best purchases we made
This was a gift to my sister and the other day at dinner she was telling me how much she loved it! That made me so happy because she is super picky. She says that the case is easy to take off her phone, (it has a magnetic top piece), as she prefers to charge them seperately so they are juiced up and ready to go. She said it's easy, click of a button to get it to charge your phone when you are low on battery. And she really adores the rose gold color; I do too, it's really cute. Great buy!
It is easy to install and the materials feel very good quality
Only ones I use for recording my music on! Great sound I get on them when I record my music in my studio! I done Four Albums on them!
Great packaging, easy to get started. Super fast pairing with IPhone XR- comfortable in ear with no soreness after extending wearing. Good sound- lie light on bass but can be fixed with skins.
Very easy to setup with my old TV which was missing a control. Took 2 seconds to setup
I schlep stuff with me all over. Now it's great to have everything right there so I don't forget anything. Sturdy and well made too. Highly recommend!
I got this for my retired Mom. She is getting up in age & sometimes doesn't know what day it is. This thing is great! The screen is easy to read & it dims at night so it's not blaring in your face while sleeping. My Mom is loving it!! Just what she needed.
Pick this up if you are looking for an affordable portable charger. Comes with a nice carrying bag and 2 charging cables. Though a little short it will charge easily off the computer. At 10000mah takes a long time to use up the whole battery. It charges the phone and tablet fast. For the price, it's a great value.
Really love these headphones! They are kind of large over my ears but the amount of noise they block out is AMAZING! I can listen to my music/videos/tv shows in peace, finally! I have tried many many pairs of headphones over the years and you can't beat these, especially for the price!
I'm very pleased with the purchase of this sound bar. It was amazingly easy to hook up to our tv and has enhanced the quality of sound for watching movies. I love that it hooks up so easy to my phone for playing music. Great purchase for the money.
Deep enough to hide a power strip and a jumble of cords, but low enough not to be terribly noticeable
These headphones work great for my Xbox 1. We are a gamer household and always looking for more headphones since We like to have our own. These work great with current Xbox 1 games. We played Fortnite with my nephews in another state and could hear them clearly. It may take a minute to figure out the mute concept if you are not familiar with headsets, but we had no problems.
Great for my sons tablet when we go on our car rides it fits to the front of the car and works perfectly thank you
This is perfect. Better quality then I expected.
Good product fair price
Perfect small tower with plenty of ports. Keeps area neat and tidy
These headphones are awesome indeed. They produce concert like sound that makes you forget you are home. They are by far the very best headphones I have ever tried. I HIGHLY recommend them to anyone that cares about quality sound at a great price.
Good quality for the money.
Great size to store power outlets and manage cables within the box, and all the extra cable management trinkets they keep you for free is awesome.
Worked as advertised
Bought primarily for the bag and it fits the switch really well. Joycon cases are nice and have good friction. Other accessories is a good plus to have. Overall quite satisfied.
My puppy chewed up my original charger so after reading some reviews I settled on this! I have been using it for over a year now and it is still working with no issues!
Sounds good looks good
Recommended with the Echogear wall mount and worked perfect with my Vizio sound bar. I didn't have to take my 75" Vizio HDTV down to mount these brackets. I just removed the 2 lower mount screws and slid the brackets into position then reinstalled the lower mounting screws. Had to adjust them a bit to get the perfect level under the HDTV but overall turned out great!
Works great, sturdy design. Smart, practical little case and it actually arrived the next day. Excellent service, great product! If the headphones are plugged in after the charge cable it does show that it isn't charging at first but then does pick up that the charge cable is there. It's great! you can charge and listen to music or share your music with another person! Great little accessory! Overall very happy.
I got it for my fiancé and he loves it ! He plays his music on it . This is beyond worth the money . It's worth every penny. Thank y'all
Gamecube is in excellent shape and on time. Thank you.
This is replacing an awkward lamp I have on my nightstand. It's very lightweight so I'm hoping it will last but it works perfectly right now!
I got the chance to use it when my husband was working in our living room doing work, but I wanted to watch my yoga show. I was able to connect my Shield to it, and use my bluetooth headphones to follow along. How easy!
I had no idea why my husband purchased this, until he came home with a VCR from Goodwill...He decided he was going to get rid of the final VHS tapes in our collection and realized we didn't have a VHS any more - and he had no way to connect one. Well, it works! And, he's happy. And, there's one less box in my house! Everyone wins!
This is very nice I got this because we are always getting a flat tire in the worst times and this has saved us a couple of times and its small so it fits anywhere
I like the long of the batteries, nice investment
Would definitely recommend to my friends
Freakin awesome and easy to install. One of those inventions that makes everyone else seem silly. Took about two minutes to read the directions AND install it. I wish they came in a large pack of pieces. Easy to add additional pieces, but the default sizes are too small. Need a multipack of more pieces to make this perfect.
Great gaming mouse pad for the money. You can change the color and all of the colors are bright and vibrant but not distracting. Great product.
Bought it for my Mac, works great, the length is perfect
Good price and nice look. Good for gaming. Worth it!
Great case. Super sturdy and my little Speaker fits perfectly. Only wish it had a handle.
For me it is used in my hair straighter and hair dryer brought from China. It is useful now and i'll use it continuously then i could come back to write another review.
Wonderfully made product. Great look.
WORKS GREAT WITH MY I PHONE NO PROBLEMS CHARGES WILE HEADPHONES ARE PLUGGED IN
This speaker works great!! It is loud and the design is so cool! I love how when you turn it on it has the raised part. This would be perfect for someone who likes to listen to their phone in the car but does not have Bluetooth in their car like me!
This product lives up to it description. It has a solid look and feel is a significant improvement over the original pads that came with my headphones. It was a relatively fast and easy to install. Overall it is a great value and I would recommend it to all prospective buyers who need their original pads replaced at a reasonable price.
Charges great but with the right chord.
Worked great! No problems.
These are perfect and are exactly what I was looking for.
Cables feel cheaply made but works just as good as high name brands. A+
It even came with an adapter! Works great with my Dell Computer.
This unit sounds great if the connection from the source to the DAC is working OK. Unfortunately, it just suddenly became very finicky with the toslink cable. It has to be in a certain angle to work without static. I assume this is because of a cheap component in the unit, but I don't know. Disappointed b/c the sound quality was great. UPDATE: Prozor sent me a free, higher quality TOSLINK cable and that solved the sound quality issues. I am changing my review from 3 to 5 stars.
This is the best BT speaker! I have 2 Bose color BT speakers and a Bose mini BT speaker for my office. This little thing has 90% of the sound quality of the Bose and has 1000% better battery life! The battery lasts forever. Incredible value.
The headsets work properly and serve their purpose
Really does a good job of pulling the dialogue out on the tv shows. Over all sound is great. Lots of available adjustments which I really like. I added a woofer and it works great with the sound bar. We are very happy with the purchase.
Got 2 remotes for a very cheap price Same as the original remote!
Well worth every penny.
A well-made feeder, it comes in an appealing package, well kept in the double carton and in an envelope. It is very similar to the original Apple but a smaller thread. It works great, does not heat up too much and for the price is a great deal.
After two months of use, I have to say this is the earphone I want. No distorted wire, great audio performance, decent battery life. Way better than Airpods except for portability.
I love screwing with people! It not only controls TVs, it also controls RF LED lights, cable boxes, and various other RF objects.
i just needed a bag to hold a few paddles and some extra space for other things. this bag works perfectly. i would recommend this bag
Give you 4 ports for charging (two ports on extension). Long enough cord to run extension to the back seat. Available accessories include clip to hang it and mount for headrest. I still need to test to charge all 4 devices at once.
These are some really great head phones! Easy to use and fold up nicely when your done using them.
My item came in a timely manner and I was very satisfied when I received it. Works like a charm!
This antenna is perfect for our needs! We recently “cut the cord” with cable, and starting using a streaming service. The only problem - it doesn't include some of the basic channels that we needed. We did a little research, and decided to buy this antenna. Super easy to set up, and the channels come in crystal clear. Could not have been easier!
My son loves the head set and a great price. Works perfect for him, no complaints
Good pieces at a good price.
We bought these to use at the beach. They are very nicely packed and the sound quality is great. It's not digital but you barely have to move the dial to pickup a station. So far very pleased!
Just what I needed, the quantity I couldn't find previously.
The camera is received. The pink one is very beautiful. It is safe to use environment-friendly soft silica gel and non-toxic material.No harm done to the children.It also comes with hanging ropes so kids can take outside and take pictures in comfort
Bought this for my son as a Christmas gift. He loves it. Good size and really great sound. Looks sturdy too.
Bought this product as a gift and the first one didnt work - the lights wouldnt come on indicating charging. Completed my first Amazon return, and had a new one (that worked great!) before I could even get the broken one to the UPS store. Completely happy with the entire purchase (even the broken one because life happens and it was so simple to get corrected!)
Love it thou one of it lost it elasticity or pulling abilities
Works great, charges fine, Great value with 2 back and battery receptacle covers were a nice surprise
Way Better quality than my wireless beats
This works greaat and allowed me to push stuff to my tv from my computer. You need the latest versions of phones and tablets for it to work.
Just what i was looking for. At first i had my doubts about these headphones before buying them, but after receiving them, i'm really satisfied! The speaker quality is amazing, and so is the sound quality in the earbuds. It's comfortable, it sounds great on calls. It's great overall and really makes my life at work easier. No tangles or anything, i'm able to move and go throughout my day listening to music or chatting.
They... do exactly what you think a DVD should do. Yep.
I got these headphones and I absolutely LOVE them! I like how it's very sturdy and I cannot hear anything but my music!
I was surprised at the very great condition of the case - my bose headphones fit perfectly!
This charger works good so far for my computer! I recommend. Thank you!
Not so interested in the appearance so I choose this black one. The performance is good and you need to find the right spot, like your window or the outside wall to set up. At least I get what I want.
WORKED GREAT RIGHT AWAY AND MUCH MORE CONVENIENT THAN THE ORIGINAL.
Keeps my controllers fully charged and ready to go
I have been a Bose guy all my life. The Bose Soundlink Mini II Bluetooth is AWESOME. It produces a great sound for a little speaker. I highly recommend purchasing this if you enjoy music. It is mobile to take anywhere around the house, outside, etc. The battery remains charged for a long time.
This had all the features my daughter needed and the subtle white numbers so its wasnt too bright in her room.
Performs its job well, and washes to brand new look with water.
Really love this case! The see-through back goes well with my white iphone and the leaves look great. It also feels like it would definitely protect my phone if I dropped it.
Easy to setup. Works perfectly. Allows toggle between 720 and 1080 resolution also for flexibility between systems you plug into it.
The connection with my iPhone was very smooth and easy. There is no lag and the sound quality is superb. It last days with full charge. Looks very sophisticated.
Great adapter. Love the voltage meter. I had alternator issues and this helped me see that the voltage output was lower than should be.
Beautiful color wireless Bluetooth. The quality of sound is great and full of bass. It's soft and comfortable to wear it in the long time. Love it
Son-in-law had no trouble installing this.
It's very comfortable when I use during to exercise. Also sound is nice.
This is a very solid wireless charger that has aluminum case and beautiful fabric surface. It's super fast and great quality and working with my otterbox case. My phone is iphone xr.
Used to extend headphones for gaming. Sound is still high quality.
easy to install and works, With this and firestick, I got rid of the cable company
Received on time and great product.
I don't like that it's is always "on" but still takes five seconds or more to for the radio to start to play when turned on. I would like to be able to select the track I want to play on my CD's without having to hit forward button several times to get to the track I want. What remote? I didn't get one.
I have purchased 3 of this item from this seller. The products were shipped quickly and the seller provided great customer service when I had a question or an issue with the product. I would buy from this seller again.
Good quality, easy to set up. I didn't need extra brackets, I just mounted it directly onto the wall with the brackets that came attached.
These headphones replaced my latest Bose wireless earbuds. Sound quality with the Sony is outstanding.
Is as expected. My favorite part, is folder navigation. Makes it easy to listen to playlists.
Enjoyed it very much...I always fall asleep to my asmr podcasts with these...they were perfect.
Great chord but my machine wasn't working
A beautiful set of international power converters for travel. It is equipped with international adapters for different countries. I am very satisfied with this product and will buy gifts for travel friends again.
Great! We don't like earbuds and we don't like clunky headphones. These are "just right". They are very light and don't take up a lot of room.
I was in need of a new charger because there one I had from Verizon wouldn't stay connected to my phone. I hooked this one up and it charges my phone as quickly as my other one did and the cord is longer so I can charge my phone while using GPS without needing to stretch the cord.
works seamlessly between switches.
Great controller for phone gaming...I also use it for my VR!
Received the earbuds last week and I enjoyed using it. It has amazing sound quality. It is easy to use and light weight. The case can also be used as a phone charger, which is cool. I am planning to get one for my cousin too.
This wall charger has 3 outlets, 1 USB and USB type C PD port. It is very simple and useful for cellphone charging and Macbook pro. It's a better than extension cords because it doesn't have the wires.
Works great with our Blink XT cameras! Now we can watch live view and take longer trigger videos without worrying about depleting the batteries!
This is a super useful alarm clock that has so many features like fm radio, usb port, earphone jack and much more. It's light weight and can easily stand anywhere.. the LED is super bright which helps you see the time in light or dark. Loved it
Do not replace your Bose headphones. Get these replacement pieces, throw the stock ones away. These will make your headphones sound the way you hoped they'd sound when you got them. I went for a 20 mile bike ride with them stock and when I got home I checked the mail. My replacement (nibs?) were delivered. I put the new ones on and threw out the old ones. The sound is incredible. Get them. Even if you aren't sick of the stock nibs. Get these. You won't be sorry.
After I received my order I realized one of the parts was not the correct one for my model. After contacting the seller they offered to send me the correct part at no cost. I even offered to send back the wrong item and they said to keep it. Would definitely order from them again for future needs. Great customer service and responded quickly to get this issue resolved.
Purchased this for a short trip to Asia and it worked really well. I used it for charging my Ipad, laptop and phone. But the most impressed part is now I can use my travel hair dryer and curling iron hair straightener with this thing so I don't have to search for the local hair salon before attend the exhibition or dinner!!! Highly recommend!!
Sound quality is amazing you don't even have to turn up the volume all the way up to hear the bass!
Perfect replacement cups for my Bose A20 Aviation headset. Easy to install and seem to be holding up very well.
Awesome quality. Works great. Amazing price.
Great signal and receives the channels that it should. Before purchasing the antenna, make sure to check what's in your range so you can decide what strength you need, I recommend using a site like TV Fool's signal locator. This is a great way to receive the major broadcast networks without paying for a cable subscription. The setup was easy (plug it into the TV, attach the antenna to the wall) and the signal quality is good for the price
Got this on a lightning deal. So far so good. Charges and holds my JoyCons and Pro Controller in place. Happy with purchase and price.
great headphones that last longer than most. Excellent sound!
Nice quality ,good price. It is just a little too long, in some case you don't need it that long.
Perfect remote holder for what we needed, to stop losing the remote and keep it away from our 1 year old who was the one who kept stashing it in hidden places! Fit two perfectly on the back of the tv where she can't reach yet our 6 year old can and is easily accessible.
Its just like the size of a lighter. Fits in your pockets nothing bulky. Sound quality is above average. Pairing is a breeze. No problems at all. I would have wanted a black silicone for the earpiece instead of white other than that its all good.
I've had it for about 2 years now has worked great since the day I bought it.
This company went above and beyond customer service, gave me a refund with slight issue and sent replacements at no cost, really blown away
So glad we got this in time! As we are prepping for hurricane Dorian. Works great! Decent sound! Lots of safety functions.
Lost one piece of my Boise sport. This order came in fast and with three sizes for each ear I am in great shape. They fit and performed like the originals. Would defiantly buy again - hope I don't need to though...
Hubby likes them. Uses them for his guitar. Good sound.
The sound quality sounds pretty good, the bass is heavy! The high notes are also powerful, and the bluetooth headset looks stylish and easy to use!Bluetooth headsets are tiny and perfect for ears!
it looks like an apple watch but it is compatible for android I like it
Very good looking and neat design. I bought it for my mom and she's happy.
These cables work great! Love that they're 6' long, too.
I can take my google mini outside when I shoot some hoops and listen to music. And its all because of this wonderful battery.
thanks for salvaging the dell
I was always asking my husband to turn down the tv. Not only was the volume up, I also didn't like what he was watching. These headphones work wonderfully and my husband says they are comfortable to wear. Easy hook up!
Couldnt be happier with this memory card. Worth the money!
This is exactly what I am looking for. Easy to use, small size but showing big numbers that makes it super noticeable and clear at night. Well-made, the quality can be seen from the material, weight and juncture.
I love my Sony home Audio System! It will just take time to figure out the Bluetooth and I can't figure out how to connect my iPhone to it yet?
Good quality and small form factor, fits in the palm of your hand. It nicely warms up the sound like a good vinyl record compared to a cold tinny CD. It only minor increases the sound volume. Like it'll give you 25% more volume. But I'm happy with it overall.
Was as advertised i'm enjoying using these.
I have had these for quite some time now and they really do not disappoint. The sound quality is great and I have had no issues with them since I purchased them about a year or so ago. I'm not really a sound professional but I did my research and found that this brand was one of the top tier players in the game. I would definitely recommend these to anyone who wants great headphones.
Great piece of equipment. A little lacking on operational systems manual.
Works great. Make sure you get the right voltage and amperage for the TV set you're buying a replacement for.
Good little speaker doesn't go to loud but it's good to have in the shower if you are a music lover like me to always play music, like that it is waterproof.
Works and sound is good for such a small thing, Love the color.
Works great. Gives me pease of mind when my daughter is out with her mom lol. Customer service is fast and friendly. Thank you.
I hooked this up as a battery backup for my sprinkler system, works great!
Easy install and looks nice
I like it ,it's very nice! my kids like it too, they feel it's so funny!
Great deal, as advertised. Highly recommended.
Good quality of sound and very comfortable. I replaced the old one and felt a lot more better. I like watch TV without turn up the TV volume. This one work perfectly.
Great price for replacement. Works great
These fit the bill perfectly. While I have full over the ear headphones when I am at home, those are too bulky to carry on trips, especially anything involving plane flight, where size counts for carry on bags. I favor these over separate ear plugs that hang loose, and never fit my ear. And if that isn't enough, audio quality is nearly equal to a friend's loose fitting plugs that he paid almost $100 for. These have clear sound, minus just a touch of bass which is not surprising, while still giving a full body of sound. My cellphone has a built in equalizer, and some day I may attempt to improve the default sound by making a personalized setup for these headphones. But it should be noted that I do not feel any great urgency to do so, either. Hope this all helps!
When I saw how small it was, I was disappointed, but the sound is incredible and it's easy to operate. It goes and goes between charges. Very pleased!
Our remote Had stopped working. It worked out perfect.
I love love love these. Comfortable, and they work better than my $100 headset
Great for working out with and sound is awesome!
This product is very easy to use and versatile.
Work well but you don't get much coverage wish they had a nice bigger package for the price.
I believe one of my OEM cushions was defective and ripped prematurely so I went with Wicked after doing extensive research. Wicked are very comfortable with better noise cancellation. Definitely thicker than OEM. Instructions are very easy. I definitely would recommend to friends and family.
This is a great little speaker/alarm clock/night light! It has decent sound quality and is easy to use!
Good price, fit like the OEM, fast shipping, and well packed. Can't rate the longevity because have only been using a few days.
Liked everything. Thinking of buying more for family and friends.
Love it! Very thick and sturdy makes the iPad feel secure and safe. Perfect side pocket for the pen also makes it feel secure but not too tight also has a spot for the charging adapter for the pen which is nice. Because it is so durable the case is a bit heavy which is the only con. Makes the device overall heavy. Also this color is a bit more darker in person than shown in the picture but none of that takes away from what's important. The iPad and pen feel secure and the case is a great buy for the price. Love it once again
Bought one for myself, then liked it so much I gave one for a gift! Really nice, feels well made, sleek, folds up and travels well. A little pricey and wish for the price it came with a little plug for the wall outlet, but other than that it's great!
Exactly what I ordered, Show my magic on my TV and work very well.So you don't have to pay a big price to buy a new TV, it's too much value.
Amazing sound, holds its own against my ue megaboom!
I've started running recently and I have been looking for a decent set of headphone. As my previous headphones always fell out I was hoping that these would stay in. this one they have done just that they stayed in while running and jumping. The sound quality is good battery life can last maybe 8 hours when listening to music. I'm very happy with these and would recomend them to others.
I love that the price was very competitive. I bought these batteries for my garage door opener and and they worked well as replacement batteries. I would recommend these to replace CR2032 battery.
Love Memorex brand -- That's about all I will buy if they are available and priced right. Works great so far as advertised, no coasters yet... Thanks Memorex and Amazon!
I love this for the fact that it mimics the controller from my favorite child hood system., the s. I wanted this wireless controller to use with RetroArch on pc for mainly s games and it doesn't disappoint. Feels nice in the hand and responds to button presses great, Well worth the money. neg point is i never got the key chain offered in the sale.
Item as described. Would buy again!
does everything its supposed to. its much bigger than the original but hey, it works.
Excellent seller and superb product quality.
I use this to keep my cats from chewing on expensive cords. I like that you can cut it to the size you need. After covering all the cords I needed, I still have a lot left over.
We love this. Which was a Christmas gift to my husband.
Simple setup, looks great, works better. Very happy with this!
Back and forth on business ...easy to find and use. Quick!
Very nice!! Hold up great!!!
Purchased this to keep at work.
Bargain for the price. Cover comes with all these accessories.
Loud enough for my elderly mother to hear even without her hearing aids. Flashing strobe light is helpful also. I am very pleased with this ringer and glad I spent a little more because it appears to be manufactured and engineered well and made with good quality.
Didn't fit the phone though
I wanted something to listen to Audible. I just wish the earbuds were wireless.
Good quality easy to install. Mounted in kitchen with 13 inch Television. Thomas V
Nice blue light glasses, the shape looks good on me. And the frame is good quality.
This product worth every penny. Love it with echo.
bought these for my first gen Arlo cameras. completely surprised by the fact i haven't had to replace them yet. they are WAY better than surefire. maybe i got lucky with a great batch, but i will certainly try these again.
Long enough to hide in a cable system and works just as needed to run my TV. Cheers!
I've used these quite a few times while working out and I'm pretty satisfied. They're noise canceling and the sound quality is great and the volume goes up loud enough for my liking (my ears my regret that later). They have received the audio engineering boyfriends seal of approval as well. Really super product for such a low price! I definitely recommend these.
can't say much it was a gift. got it in a timely manner and the person really likes it.
I had to get an adapter to plug it into my iPhone XS Max, but from that point on it has worked great!
This cable management cord quickly organized my TV cords for my wall mounted TV. Simple yet effective.
Product very impressive perfect
So glad I spent money on this and not a JBL. Sounds just as good.
With a normal Aux lead you have to wait for at least 20 seconds before you plug in for it to work. This lead you plug in and auto connects when the Bluetooth unit is ready. This lead is for music only and will not charge your phone.
This product works exactly as stated. I probably purchase another again in the near future. Thanks
This box made the old tv become a computer that is awesome
I use these for biking and they are great. I can ride for a couple of hours without worrying about battery life. The max volume could be a little higher, but for the price, they are pretty dang good.
Great to store remotes
These r perfect for kids that play while charging. I was always worried about them messing up their port
One of the best bone conduction headphones I have ever seen. Sound quality is so clear and works great without any disturbance during the Bluetooth connectivity. I thought we are not going to keep in-ears and we will not able to hear sound clearly, but after using I realized it is a great product without keeping in ears we can listen to the best sound using these bone conduction headphones. Even for the calls, voice is so clear and audible, battery life is great as it comes for a long duration. During workouts, it is so useful and easy to hold around the neck. It's really worthy product and i love this and recommend this.
Nice antenna, seems to work well.
This was ordered for my directtv box because my son took the cord but not the box with him to college. This was a great price, works, and was delivered quickly.
This charging station has 4 USB and 3 standard electrical ports. It is low profile and easy to find a place to locate. The only down-side is that it only accepts 110v and cannot be use when traveling outside the US./
You have a lot of choices with MP3 players and I have four! This is one of the best. I particularly like the interface and I definitely can't say that about other non-apple MP3 devices (that mostly come from China). This is definitely an exception to the rule. It sounds awesome too! Definitely recommend!
The packaging where they were shipped
I almost returned the Air Pods due to the size is just too big for ear canal! These tips are a God send! I can. Now I enjoy these pods,the sound is great! I have no complaints expect I will need to remove them in order to charge them in the Air Pod case! A bit pricey for only one set but the silicone is great because it's a bit thicker. I will purchase other colors just to have a spare on hand!
Worked great.Added a lot of time for use of my phone
Great customer service and very accommodating!
This digital alarm clock is like no other. It looks like a generic one but it has a lot of features. Not only does it look sleek, but it look so cool with blue led light instead if the usual red one. It really stands out and pops so you can notice the time. I used to use the red one and I got tired of it real fast.
These really are the epitome of luxury headphones. Very stylish and it has an amazing sleek design. Awesome sound quality comfortable and doesn't break the bank these rival my more expensive headphones and can't tell the difference between the 2 other than I wish I would have came across these sooner so I could have saved a couple hundred bucks . They come with everything you need and a little carrying case to keep everything nice and clean and neat love these headphone I highly suggest you gets these you won't regret them. A1 purchase
Great quality and fast delivery thanks
Transmitter works great. I hooked it up to my dads big speakers that he puts out for parties and usually I would loose my phone for the night because it was attached to the speakers but now I'm able to keep my phone on me and still able to control the music from anywhere within range
This case is perfect. I was pleasantly surprised when i received this battery charging case. It is in excellent condition. The stated capacity is 5200 mAh, which could charge the S9+ until full and more. It charges the phone quickly, also very good feel In hand. Added batterylife without much bulk. Overall, this case does a great job.
Highly highly recommend this product. I'm so happy with my antenna! I can see free HD TV programs, And it's a very good product. It has a variety of HD types to choose from. I can see 20 now. I can see more shows. Its quality is very good, Installation is simple, Debugging is convenient. Prefect for local channels, No need for those high cable prices.
i never knew they made anything quite like this. i can wear it like a watch or use it in my pocket. i was able to put music on it very easily from my pc and it comes in clear as a bell it holds quite alot of songs and goes for a good part of the day this is great!
The reason I'm giving this product 5 stars is because the seller accepted my return without question and even paid for the return shipping. I returned the product because it simply didn't fit my individual needs. They're good headphones for a good price.
A awsome reciever. Loud and very satisfactory. Ordered plume speakers which rock hard
Perfectly packaged, arrived on time and worked as expected. Very happy with my purchase.
I bought these for my daughter in August and they were broken by November. The sliding part of the headband snapped. The biggest reason I bought these specific headphones was because of the one year warranty. I contacted the company and they were quick to work with me and get a replacement pair. I really appreciate excellent customer service!
When I was young, I lived in a company town. The movie theatre is the best place in our small town. The big screen is always my best childhood memory. I always wish to have my own screen. I have bought a projector and I have a big wall. But the feeling is so different. Now I get this screen. The black edge and the white screen, finally I find the feeling of a home theatre. I love it.
Will be using as a small day pack while on tour. Also will replace my travel gym sack.
Very good value for the money, according to my happy husband.
My family and I love listening to music. I bought this awesome wireless speaker for my kitchen. Often my children are playing loudly and now this speaker helps me continue to enjoy my favorite songs. It's very easy getting it set up. The included case is very nice and makes it easy to take this speaker with me on the go. The sleek design is modern and I'm really impressed with the amount of bass that comes out of this speaker. I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
Worth twice the price. Much better than factory.
These were an awesome deal for the price. They are long lasting, only needing to charge every 24 hours or so. Their sound quality is just as clear as my Beats. I'm so glad I tried these!
Exactly what I needed! So far, I'm very pleased with these.
It's really amazing product! You can turn on/of top and bottom sections. It has fast usb (4 ports total) and 6 regular outlets. You can rotate this tower and hide extra wire. Much better than regular extension
Very good quality! Sound is very good.
These headphones are a great value! They also have the most comfortable ear pieces I've ever worn. I listen to audiobooks for hours each day and these are perfect!
Got this so I could watch TV / play games while my wife sleeps. It kinda just works perfectly. Zero latency for gaming, which is fantastic... But for full transparency I've only tried this on my N64 with HDMI converter. Sound quality is great. Only complaint is the Optical cable it comes with flies all over the place (it's a thin wire that doesn't like to lay flat), but I'm getting an inexpensive Amazon Basics optical cable to make up for it.
I was hesitant about this item because of the great price, but it is a great product.
Work great & delivery was quick even without prime
I went back to a Timex after purchasing some other cheap brand that kept stopping. I was concerned the band wouldn't be long enough, but it fits perfectly. So far Timex is living up to it's name.
I love this one because the one I had before you had to put it close to the heater this one you don't have to.
Earbuds are good quality for a set under 40$ they use a button instead of the touch which maybe favorable if you get sweaty exercising and are planning to use these.
I got this Headphone for my daughter. It's kind big for her, lol . I wish it could came with a adjust head size.
Excellent battery, it took a while to see how it performed. Very happy with this product
Item was expected. I would order again if i need to have earbuds.
Misplaced my charger cable for my “Ring” battery. Good quality cable, charged my battery very quickly. Received my cable right away, no problems. Would certainly do business with this company again.
This is a sturdy TV mount. Quick and easy to install.
I have put it on for my iphone XR. Its peripheral edges and camera edges are raised to prevent scratches and are indeed all-round protection. Great!
Alll good but the screws seem too big for the provided anchors. I ended up using 1 lower scale screws and it fit perfectly. It was overall easy to install.
This is a solid and affordable amp in a very small package. My 15 pound 25-year old receiver finally died, and I just didn't need to spend that much money for something that big again. This provides a nice full sound on 2 3-way 60W book shelf speakers with a 6 inch 50W book shelf speaker as the subwoofer. I couldn't connect to bluetooth at first, but Fosi responded within 24 hours, and helped me figure it out. Good box and good customer service.
Ordered this for our wii and it works great.
While waiting for these clips to arrive, I wore my new Fitbit Inspire (NOT the HR) on my wrist. Wow--who knew I was SOOOO athletic!!?!?!! As I suspected, wearing a Fitbit on your wrist is highly inaccurate. I also find it a bit uncomfortable. That's why I clung for dear life to my old Fitbit Zip until it finally died. This is perfect & you will find that it is much, much more accurate in recording actual steps. I wear mine on a dog tag chain so I can peek at it frequently.
Needed it as a replacement for the original that was lost. Charged my unit up quickly.
Have a few different kinds and these are the best for the price
Very big and comfy, classy
We had a cord go bad on our sound machine we use for our baby and this fixed that problem and was way cheaper than buying a new sound machine.
Received the controller as stated, but was gone for a few days so I just recently started using it. It appears to work fine. I had a similar one for a PS 3 and it worked great.
I use this with the Logitech 430 and it works perfect. Works on my phone and my Xbox one. Cable matches the headset too. It's a great product I needed
Very Comfortable bought it for my kids but I use it as it has awesome sound and noice cancellation capacity. Very affortable device compared to expensive branded device
Absolutely love them
Works great for what I need and wasn't to hard to set up
Especially nice when you are in bed. No more holding my I pad up or propping it up. My I pad has a cover on it and it still works great. Very glad I bought it ‘ 👍
They seem to be of higher quality than the original cable. Good quality cable. Highly recommend
These work great in the gym. Noise reduction is good and they stay in place.
Great little clock and radio. We didn't want something so big since it has to go on an average size vanity. It's vertical use of space was exactly what we were looking for. Sounds great too. Only down side is reception, it only received two or three radio stations. Luckily one of them is the one we keep it on anyway.
Well made easy to assemble. Gave me the storage space I needed. Very happy.
I have few older Macs lying around and wanted to see if I could upgrade the drive to an off the shelf Toshiba nvme drive. I didn't expect it to work as well as it did but, to my surprise it's working 100%. Sleep, Deep Sleep, booting are working as expected. I am not using kapton tape as other suggested but, I think using the tape is a good idea and can't hurt.
My 4 year old loves these! These are perfect for him to adjust the size and comfort himself. Used for road trips this summer and it was great!
I had a TV given to me without a remote. After fiddling around with a universal remote and not being wholly pleased with the results I picked this one up. It's just what the doctor ordered. All pluses, no negatives. Excellent value.
Supplies power to lights as expected.
I love this camera. It took not much time to setup it. Very good picture. I think it's the best camera for this money! Thanks!
works great with my radios and minimal rf loss
Exactly what I was looking for. Am using it indoors while working with my laptop on the couch.
I was extremely surprised and pleased to received my order 3 days earlier than expected.Battery works great.
Also, it matches with my iPhon 6 perfectly and its quality is undoubtedly best. And the cord is high quality and easy to untangle. This is my favorite bluetooth headphone so far. I've also been thrilled with how comfortable they are as I haven't had a pair of earbuds before these that didn't leave my ears sore after a few hours of wear, and I can have these on all day and forget they're there. So I got these and they really surprised me, for the price I paid, I get good functional wireless headphones with fair sound quality.
Favorite surge protector. The usb plus are the most helpful.
Incredible sound and design! Comfortable as all get out! Engineers are smart people- these ones outdid themselves.
This was great. I was able to use t to get a line out from a soundboard when recording an event. It was amazing!
This was just the right size for a friend in the hospital who loves classical music. Earbuds I bought fit fine. She is enjoying it everyday and it is easy to take back to a room.
Bought for my grandson and he loves it! The lights on the sides are cool 😎
Received these quickly and were as advertised and shown. I haven't used them yet and will update this review shortly after using.
Cable is great. Works with my Aux on Bluetooth speaker and in car audio system.
The finger scanner sometimes doesn't work but in general is a really good phone
so handy, very good looking, the magnet that holds it closed is strong, sturdy. Will definitely buy another when this one wears out
Sound great and look great.
I am not a tech savvy person. It was so easy to get the phone and speaker to work, and then the bonus--i am able to play hundreds of songs that are on a flashdrive. The sound is amazing! You wont be disappointed with this speaker.
Durable. Comfortable. Sound quality is great! I like them the best because they block out surrounding outside noise
Works very well, as described. when I want to listen to music and charge my phone at the same time. Highly recommended!
This is a nice looking antenna. I've tried a few of the flat "leaf" antennas before without much success at all. This antenna is much stronger! I've always struggled to get CBS (even though I'm only 10 miles away from broadcasting station). It took some placement trial and error but I finally have the station coming in clear! The powered usb is great but make sure you have a powered usb port on your tv before you purchase. I tried it without the powered usb plugged in and only got 1/2 of the stations.
As a first sight I got it,I really like it,the pink color and the material make the speaker feel like a really expensive one and the sound is excellent, nice quality, nice price.
I love these! I have them on my nightstand and on my desk. They are great! My only complaint is that they are not cool colors. They are brown and black and white.
Its size makes it super easy to bring ANYWHERE. This is so handy and it doesn't take that much space at all. Be careful though, I have already lost two of these
Everything as Promised.
I can finally use tools that have been idle for years.
I needed this product because I travel for work a lot. I wanted a pair of wireless headphones to connect to my laptop or my phone. The headphones fit comfortably. Great price for such a great product!
Works perfect came sooner than expected.
So far so good, give the controller a good full charge and it's still working, was a little worried it would die on us because it was rather cheap price but so far I'd like to think we've gotten our money's worth out of it
Ordered same item twice at two separate occasions because it is reliable ! Looked different the second time but I am not picky.
Just got my paper white cover and it looks amazing. Just like it was pictured. Had to replace my old case.
These have stuck and stayed on well. Easy to install and use. Much better than ones I have bought in the past.
works great so far..no problems at all!!
Worked Great. No issues.
Amazing sound at a fair price. We have 2, and give them as gifts!
Easy to use and provides great sound.
I am so happy with this product. I am a professional organizer and even gifted this to my clients over the holidays. This item is small, yet has the capability to charge multiple devices at once, while looking clean and clutter-free. Highly recommend.
Very nice and sturdy. I specifically bought this one due to the doubt hinges. Holds a 55 inch tv very securely.
I like this charger,i need more sockets for my navigator and dashcam.It charge my iphone 7p fast.sits perfect in my cup holder.
amazing tripod for professional photographer ..
Great sound. Good bass. Perfect to use by the pool.
I HATE buying headphones on Amazon because I always feel like I'm going to get crap. I bought these and I am super happy. Bass is good, vocals can seem distant at the time, but they are good enough. The eartips rock (foam is the way to go), everything is constructed well, I like the chord, and the colors are sweet. I'll be buying these again.
I was expecting it to be kinda bulky when full, but I was pleasantly surprised. It fits in my everyday bag, no problem!
I have tried different earbuds both wired and bluetooth. Bluetooth earbuds can never compete with wired earbuds in my opinion. But this is very close in terms of sound quality.
The remote was delivered on time. Great condition packed really well and everything works great on it. I have not had any issues very satisfied
This is a perfect case if you have a magnetic car holder. It's sleek, and fits perfectly onto the phone. It's is not too thick for having a plate hidden it. It looks nice and has a good grip. I don't know why there isn't more positive reviews of this case.
We lost our remote for TV and tried many universal remote that did not work saw this online and the price was really cheap. Got it on time put two batteries in it pointed the remote at the TV it turned on and all the functions worked. So happy we can watch our TV on the patio. Best money spent
Exactly as described. Works great! Been using it for about a year ... still works awesome ... no complaints and happy with my purchase!
I bought this for my son for school and he loves it. It's lightweight yet durable and big enough to carry all of his needed items. The price was excellent
I like that you can put on the base and don't have to remove it out of the case.
So far very satisfied with purchase.
Great sound and comfortable.
Works like the original
It has worked really well for me. The battery life is good. It connects well. Comfortable to hold. As others have written, it does turn off when not in use a little faster than I'd typically like, but it turns back on quickly and isn't really a problem. It's a fantastic controller for the price
Great for 8 year old
It's a little on the heavy side. Nothing to really complain about but just wanted to mention. Over all it's a good product and would recommend to anyone.
Even PS 4 stated that it cannot work through a hub, it works on PS4 and my Samsung 4K Bluray player.
Excellent inexpensive antenna. Mount it outside and high and you will be amazed.
Charges two controllers at a time and keeps your game from overheating
Fantastic headphones and great customer service. Will definitely be ordering again!
Just what he wanted, he can read the time from bed with out really waking up.
This is a perfect solution for someone such as my self that is particular on which direction the cable needs to be directed.
Wow and wow! This is an amazing add on to my Sonos Sound Bar. Easy to set up and makes the TV sound like a Theater.
Oh my goodness! I love this tool! For my profession, I pretty much live at my desk/keyboard. I eat at my computer regularly so you can imagine all of the bits and crumbs stuck in my computer. I used this tool and was amazed at how much stuff came out of my keyboard!! I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone! I love that it's rechargeable and can't wait to use it again!
This is a very good rechargeable battery, charging fast, full of power, my son's remote control plane flew for 2 days and still has power, a good product
Great for wrapping audio and video cables to keep everything from getting tangled
Pairs easily, good sound, pretty good battery life. My first pair did not survive long (cat ate them) but my second pair actually survived an accidental trip through the washing machine and dryer! + Hassle-free set up + Sounds good + Battery life + Durable + Magnetic - Not cat proof
I don't normally wear over the ear headphone because it's too big to hang it around your head. I ordered this for my flight mainly for watching videos or listening to music on plane. And to put it on during sleep. Sound quality is good but not great but is clear enough. It also have a good bass but not super strong. It has Bluetooth function which is very nice. There are three buttons. Low and high volume and on/off button.
I have been using these headphones for the last 2 days, and am pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and functionality. I have used budget headphones before by another brand and faced issues in connecting bluetooth to multiple devices and hence was a little apprehensive about buying another pair of budget headphones. However, since I keep losing my headphones, otium is a good fit, so far I have not faced any issues connecting to multiple devices. The sound quality is great, they fit well and are comfortable. The battery life also seems fair, although, the build quality and the plastic used can definitely be improved upon. But for $24 bucks its a steal especially for someone who is as forgetful as me.
The mouse is amazing I've had it for about 6 mouths or so and it's performed outstandingly
Hooked up wrong at first. didn't work. After reading instructions, working great. OUTSTANDING! customer service team.
Works fine, no surprises. The ad on Amazon shows other people bought it with a wireless charger, I don't think it has wireless charging. What's up?
Works well. My son loves them. Great with his iPad and great price.
I ordered the white ear pads and received the black. While disappointed, I messaged the seller and a handful of hours later they refunded the product completely. Thank you! Superficially I'd prefer the white, but these ear pads are great. I purchased the super affordable Monoprice headphones which were really lacking in comfort and these made them wearable all day.
The mount was well priced, the product is of good quality and nicely designed, the product was delivered promptly and in excellent condition. I'm very satisfied and will be a return customer. Thanks, Frank
I found out you have to mount the antenna almost horizontally to get it to work. I have a large overhang and the mount I bought ended up putting the antenna at about a 30 degree angle. Couldn't get any stations at all. So I started playing with the antenna and as soon as I got it horizontal I got signal. So I modified my antenna mount to get it horizontal and it works fine now
Great little mount. It holds my projector as close to the ceiling as you can get and still be adjustable. East to install and customize to your projector. Mine only has 3 mounting holes on the bottom and it worked great with only using 3 arms. The other just tucked up a bit and is out of the way. My brother uses the same one and we are impressed with it, especially for the price.
My son is almost 2 and got these for Christmas and loves using them when we go for long car rides! Hoping the quality is long lasting!
We bought a used S5 on social media but once activated it wouldn't stay charged. We definitely couldn't get a refund so we prayed it just needed a battery. This battery worked better than expected.
It stays well in my ear canals. And the sound is crisp. I wear it when running every day
The power supply it is small and easy to take anywhere. Arrived in good condition and earlier then it was promised. Tested one voltage only. Worked fine charging a battery pack. Didn't test accuracy.
This mp3 is a really good deal. Does exactly what I need it to and the price is better than others of its kind.
This backpack was more then worth the purchase. It came in a timely manner and is durable. I'm using it for my college class right now. A medium sized binder, couple spirals, and two random books fit in the big pocket and many little gizmos and gadgets fit in the other little pockets. Everything has a perfect place to fit! I would recommend this backpack to anyone. :)
When looking for headphones the main thing I wanted was wireless, with noise cancelling being a big plus. I just love these headphones. They are best for outside noise cancelling property. Use it everyday while traveling. Also took it to my trips on flights and definitely validated my buy up in the air!
Really good sound system with good bass.
Nice! Very useful for driving.
Excellent quality. They fit in the ear perfectly. Paired with my iPhone the first time. Excellent sound. Excellent battery life. No problem wearing them in the gym. I would highly recommend the earbuds.
Great charger works perfectly for us and I like the look of it. The lights do stay on constantly but it doesn't bother us.
This stand doesn't wobble or slide and can hold plenty on the hooks. Love it and makes things much more organized for me.
It works perfectly fine. I've had it for a few months and still works. I highly recommend it.
What a great little addition to our camping/survival kit! Works great!
Worth every penny! Charge last almost 6 hours!
With these headphones, you get the best of both worlds. You get a great pair of wireless bluetooth headphones, and a pair of wire headphones when you want them to be. That means when you forget to charge your headphones like we all forget to do from time to time, you are still able to listen to your favorite music or other forms of entertainment as well. The headphones themselves are very nicely made and the sound quality is great for the price point. You can also adjust the volume of your music directly from the headphones, so you don't have to reach in your pocket and constantly take out your phone. I use my headphones for about an hour each day (at the gym) and can go about a week without having to change them which is great. All in all, for the price of these headphones, they deliver in just about every way you could ask.
The VR Glasses have IPD and object distance adjustment button, my 400 degrees of myopia do not have glasses, and very user-friendly design. I use this every day after work! Lens material is very good, look very clear after adjustment! Eye contact around the face with soft leather wrap, wearing a very comfortable, and very breathable.
Got these extensions and was blown away by the quality them. Everything was enclosed within a braided cable and have a quality feel to them. I will buy these again in the future if I need to.
Wonderful purchase. Worth every scent. I've had them 5 months now. Use them daily to work out. Long battery life. I do charge them daily.
Very smooth good design. I am sooo glad I can talk on the phone, and everything sounds crystal clear on both sides.
This Power Strip is very, very good. The plugs go in easily, but the important thing is I was able to plug everything related to my computer with no problem.
My husband loves these. They have great noise canceling which is very important as he works in construction. Great battery life.
replacement for an old CD player my mother law wanted to put in her shed. fit and worked perfectly. would buy again when she loses another one. =)
Great product works amazing. I have had no issues in the almost 3 months of using it.
So far these are one of the best quality bluetooth headsets I have tried. I accidently spilled coffee on them this morning, was able to take the earbuds off, and clean them with a damp paper towel and they work fine! I listen to audiobooks working and driving, you do get approximately 13 hours of constant use, and (if you remember to turn it off in between uses) you can get 3-4 days if you only use it on your commute to and from work. (I have roughly a 3 hour commute, and didn't have to charge it for 3 days). The sound is very clear. When I first turn them on, there is some static sound, but music and audiobooks are very clear. The earbuds are also extremely comfortable, I was worried about the addition of the "in ear" feature into the upper ear, but I love it! I look forward to using these and will buy this brand in the future if needed.
I was surprise about its size (mini), picture quality (better than expected), and built (it is well made with a cute look). The projector is portable. It is a good one for showing powerpoint slides. At the beginning, I had a trouble to case screen my Samsung Note 8 to this projector. After a little research, I was successful to connect the two via Smart View app from Samsung. I am happy with this little guy. Thumbs up!
4 months ago, I was shopping for a decent pair of headphones/mic that was inexpensive, but functional. After much searching and comparing, I took a deep breath and clicked "buy" on these. No regrets! I've been using them for gaming and voiceovers, and the sound comes through crisp and clear. The volume control/mute switch is quite handy, and I even like the color! There were a few random glitches when I first plugged them in, but that may be due to me not using the install disc (it was a laptop). They've been pretty regularly used for the entire 4 months, and so far show no signs of stopping. Bonus, they look fancy next to my gaming computer!
We have been looking for something to do when we ditch the cable box and this seems to fit the bill nicely! Easy to install and connect and love the channel options and clear screen :)
Originally ordered the wrong size and had to pay shipping to send it back.
There is a screen to see the album cover and the song. There is an equalizer, sleep timer, etc. Many many many operations, seriously save yourself a ton of money and buy this verses an iPod.
My husband uses these every day all day for work and they work great!!
Works like a charm. Received in great shape. Thank You. It makes 2 video screens exactly the same.
Had the old Boise speaker with the original 4 iPhone charger port or iPod port this allowed me to play my new devices Bluetooth on my house speaker
Works great 3 months in. Easy to install.
Poor sound quality but I guess you get what you pay for. EDIT: They replaced these with a different pair and all was good. Excellent customer service!
I use to have a denon stereo this a great stereo and works great with the polk speakers
This product was exactly what I ordered.
Sturdy cable and decent length for two people to use comfortably. Cord can really take a beating.
Worked great straight out of box.
Working as expected. Easy to fit... really liked the product.
Fantastic earbuds, great quality sound. I use it as my daily use earpiece and listen to music on and off throughout the day, I tried different types of music sound like and I was thoroughly impressed with the bass on the hip hop songs, I'm not sure what the other people are wanting that didn't like the bass quality but I think it is amazing, It really came in handy to fit in your pocket, the battery life was great considering how small of space it has to work with and speaking of battery, the fact that the carrying case also has a built in battery and can charge them without being plugged in, they have a button on each ear bud that will play or pause music, answer/hang up a phone call or activate your assistant. If you want a decent pair of buds with no wires to worry about then there are a good choice, highly recommend.
Great Bluetooth alarm! Used it for waking up for work and it was perfect. Has a easy setup and works plugged in or on battery. Worth the price!
For the first time with such a digital antenna, I think that can be used to connect the line, the original need to set the search. My husband set a bit, the product search results unexpectedly good, easy to receive a lot of digital TV programs, and quality are very good!
Works well. Exactly as described. Like the slide volume control way better than buttons.
It doesn't have to be use hands when it's cold.
great product great price
These are great, but takes me about 9 hours to charge from 0 percent.
As advertised and delivered on time. What more is there to shopping!
Simple to install and works wonders for the set-up we needed. I would suggest this to anyone who needs a shelf to mount DVD, Cable box or sound bar under or over the TV.
Awesome for listening to audio books and music at the gym. Easy for one-hand use. Great size to fit inside my ear and excellent in-ear stability.I have used it a few times for calls in my smartwatch and it seems to be fine, no complaints from folks on the other side of the call so very satisfied about it. Wireless earbuds microphone works great.I have gone through a few of this type of mini wireless earbuds, this is my favorite model by far.Reception is also pretty great - was in a room while my phone was in another room - still could hear perfectly fine.Glad they are so cheap and remarkably convenient for gym and outdoor use.Defiantly recommend these bluetooth headphones.
comes handy ad easy to operate.
It came with two cords and wont hurt my girl ears. She gloves them the cord may be a little long but is fine.
I ordered one and it kept switching hdmi 1 to 2 then back again. They noticed my issue on my review and sent me a new one for free. They said to keep the old one as compensation. New one works great. Thanks!!!
This speaker is AMAZING!! We use it for cycling both short and extremely long rides (100 miles and more at a time). The sound is clear and can be heard, even for those several bikes behind me. The battery life is great as well. As for Celtic Blu's customer service, well, they go ABOVE AND BEYOND to help!!! I would recommend this speaker system for anyone who wants to enjoy their music out on the road cycling, just around the house and out for the day at the park and beach.
I love how durable the case feels and that the material is not "sticky" feeling like some of the cheap rubber skins you can get for your air pod case. Great value for the money and will definitely protect your air pods. Very handy for clipping on to backpack or clothing with the including carabiner clip. Be careful to make sure your generation pods will fit when ordering this case. It will not fit all generations of pods so please make sure before ordering. I will buy again, however, I think this product will last a very long time, which is great!
I like it for knowing the time at night and in the early morning.
Great seller. As described & fast shipping
I was using a sonos 3 system and it had poor sound and was a pain to work; the software constantly a problem. These speakers set up simply and effortlessly and they sound great! I use a tablet to store about 20 gig of music and it works perfectly with these speakers. So nice to have real stereo sound again. I feel I got a bargain.
This is not a small radio, but the sound quality is good, and having 10 presets is a welcome perk. The antennae work well, and I haven't had any signal quality issues while streaming.
Fast charger! Use it to charge my phone every day, super fast, easy to use, I would recommend the all-round charger!
Great product. Awesome reception.
Great charger for my JBL speaker.
We ordered 2 sets of the 2 pack joystick and unfortunately received the incorrect packages that only included 1 joystick. We contacted the company and they immediately sent us the two correct packages with expedited shipping without asking for the others in return. Excellent customer service, thank you!
works good no issues clear picture etc. Good deal.
Included an small level
It did exactly what I needed it to do. And it's not ugly!
Exactly as expected. Great product. Fast delivery.
Perfect fit with good noise canceling performance. Will buy second pair for family members.
This Bluetooth headband is my Daughter's favorite. She likes this better than headphones. The sound quality is great and the battery lasts a while.
great product at a good price
We have a small area and limited outlet availability. With the amount of electronics we have is hard to make room for all of it! This is super helpful to save on space! Fast charging and compatible with Apple (some products give you an error code; "not compatible" or whatever). Has been a life saver! Will probably order another one for our cars!
I really like this speaker. In the past I would just play music from my phone, but thought it would be nice to have music right in the pool. I like that I can adjust the music right from the speaker and don't have to get out and get to my phone. I would usually have to dry off and get out or have my phone close to the pool, which I always worried about getting wet and ruining. The sound from the speaker is good. The water doesn't seem to damage it but can muffle the sound a little if it sits on the speaker. This is easily fixed however by tipping it over to get the water off. I like that I don't have to worry about my kids damaging the speaker or my phone.
I purchased this controller for use on the PC,. It works on Windows 7 right out of the box and many titles have support for this specific controller. I'm pleased with this purchase.
Charged it up and stuck the disc charger in my Purse for a guaranteed charge during the festival this past weekend. Slim design and very light comes with its own charger. Portable.
Quality of the product is amazing. The brushed metal finish looks great and the “bonus” outlet on the front is great for the quick access situation.
Nice audio and video quality. Will definitely be buying a second one when my youngest turns 2.
These have worked well so far. I try to avoid adapters when we can. For the price point, quick fix, and small amount of space you should always have these in your IT gear bag.
I bought these for my husband, who works in a heavy labor job in Florida. He sweats a lot while using these and has never had a problem with them not working or having problems charging. He can walk a really good distance from his phone without problems hearing. They are comfortable and sturdy in his ears, and he loves them!
A piece I didn't know I needed but came highly recommended! I attached this to the Aux cord in my car and can now sync cord free!
I absolutely love the fact that the clip for the vents in my car are amazing they keep the charge perfectly secure and in place
worked out great from house to garage
Works perfectly, very clear picture.
I bought this charger for my iPhone Xs and am very pleased with it. My iPhone is in a Caseology case and there is no interference with charging. I'm currently using it in the upright position but I have also tested it with the phone laying flat on it. I'm very satisfied with the charger.
Handy buttery case for my s10. Gives me an additional day of battery life.
my daughter loves !! Cute and protective!
very easy installation.I mounted it to a 55 inch tv fit perfectly.Bonus items were a hdmi cable and a small level,
Great Service, Quality Product!
Love the color. Charges very quickly. Very well made!
I have to say I was skeptical about the product. I read thoroughly through the reviews and finally decided to take the plunge. I was so excited when it arrived today and even with all of the reviews in the back of my mind I wasn't immediately convinced it was going to be so amazing. As my husband set up the TV he was even more skeptical about the antenna. We had a few issues trying to find the option to scan the channels. Once the TV finally finished scanning the channels, the image was crisp and extremely clear. It was the equivalency to having a cable hook-up. I can't believe the quality of the picture and sound coming through. We're beyond thrilled with the purchase. Thank you so much!!
I did not get the Screen Protector Included ????????
It appears to charge as fast as the big original apple charger at less than half the size.
Fantastic device for old car of my friend. Good gift for old drivers and etc. I recommend this adapter for any who have old radio in the car. Connect your smartphone and listen music in 25 years old car - really good! I like it
Blows my old system out of the water!
The cord itself has a nice durable feel and they have done a great job charging my IPad and iPhone Arrive soon. Careful packing The length and color of this item are spot on. Good quality. It's get charge very quickly on my phone . Strongly recommend it to all my friends Will purchase again. If you are thinking about buying them, I say, go! You will not be disappointed. It's coming, I'm happy.
Great product good sound great battery life
I've only had these for a week but I'm impressed with the sound quality. Other reviewers have complained about the lack of bass. If you do not position the earbuds snuggly in your ear (and with the appropriately sized bud attachment) then yes, it will sound very empty. Once you get them in your ears the correctly you'll hear the bass fill in nicely and they will not fall out easily. So far the battery life has been great. I use them all day at work with no issues. I'm very happy with these earbuds.
Love it. My 2 and 3 year old take it every where. It has fallen several times and still works perfectly. Really kid friendly.
We love this alarm clock. For the people who are complaining about the dimmer, you have to hold your hand on the button.
Simply put, this speaker is exactly what Fugoo advertised it to be. It is rugged, it works great, it is plenty loud enough for me and my purposes, and the battery life is phenomenal. I use it daily and charge it every 3 weeks or so.
I've been using these for several weeks now and I'm very happy so far. I've only had to charge them twice and I use them for about an hour and a half several days a week.
Great for the price.
This product is very easy to use, good quality, can be used for a long time, five stars！
These headphone fit great and were exactly what we were looking for for the price. Bought them for my 8 year old son to bring to school.
Haven't used it yet. Purchased to take on carnival cruise. Hoping it will fit where they hav the plug in. Purchased a different brand on last cruise and it would not fit because of the way Carnival puts in the mirror over the plug in area. Tight space. So fingers crossed. But as with the other one it will be great in hotels when we travel by car.
Love the way they hold the surround speakers no scratches on the side they tighten snug easy to screw into the wood great price for a very nice looking speaker holders.
I had them for 2 months already and I love them. I ordered different ones in the past but this ones are better quality. I even ordered them again for my dad. I recommend them 100%
good quality product
Kids somehow lost our remote, so this was ordered, arrived quickly and worked as soon as we put in the batteries.
these are by far the best headphones i have ever owned. I hooked it to my phone to one of my best songs the bass was so great. These earbuds comes with a very cool package. And the design looks very sharp.
Good product will buy again, packaging intact.
Every one of them worked
My order arrived on time and in perfect condition. I do not want to pay a lot of money for TV channels I do not see too often, and then I discovered this antenna. I did not know if it would work, but the price was so low (compared to a monthly TV subscription) that I decided to buy it. Excellent product! I really didn't think in advance that all the stations would come in as sharp and clear, but they do. It is very easy to set up the antenna and it is well described in the manual. The only difficult part is to find the best spot to find the antenna to receive most channels and channels without major disturbances. I discovered that by moving the antenna just an inch could have a major impact on the number and channels and the picture quality. I got most channels and the best picture by placing the antenna high up on a window. I was able to get approx 49 channels (including NBC, ABC, PBS, FOX, and many others). We recently cut cable, so we bought this antenna to pick up a ball game that was airing on a local channel. Everything operated as expected and the picture quality is excellent. If you are willing to spend some time with trial and error to find the best spot for the antenna, this is a great product. You might also want to check the broadcast coverage and signal strength where you live before you order.
this is very good bluetooth earphone. I just bought a few weeks ago, but really like it. it is very easy to pair my phone and it has very high quality sound too.
Very nice cables! Very long and sturdy.
One of the best headphones I've ever had...
Great price...I thought this was going to be a cheap - break in a second - purchase. But this is quite sturdy and compact. Good buy for the money.
Like this cover, dropped my phone the day after i put it on, no issues.
This TV accessory with long antenna qualify for most house size, USB connection included, can be connect with PC as well. This product fit into my house and multifunction with other monitors. Thats satisfy my initial point to buying the TV Antenna.
Only one that worked for 4k with my Sony Bar..
The brand is nice and 4 batteries plus a charger is a great value
It delivers great sound and very comfortable to wear for hours, the price didnt hurt either
I have mild carpal tunnel problems and this grip has made extended play sessions much easier. The grip fits the 2ds xl well, gives you access to all the ports and the extra stylus in the grip is a nice bonus.
Got it so that I can use a larger screen for my laptop. It works perfectly!
Awesome! Has 4 ports for your iPad, iPhone, etc! Great device for overseas travel and great stocking stuffer as well
These buds worked great with our Samsung S7's ... unlike other knock-offs, which connected poorly with crosstalk and static
Just had to use these today because my other headphones broke and am surprised how good they are . I guess this means I don't have to buy new ones 😂
great sound for the money
I really like this product, the perfect product appearance, the morning no longer worry about alarm clock failure, let me get up on time, strongly recommended
These headphones is very suitable for my gym exercise. They are soft and light, so that I don't need to bother whether they will fall down while running. Also, the battery power is sufficient, I can check the power remain on my cellphone, which is convenient.These headphones just saved me well over ..This is my most satisfying, I really like them. Recommend.
Excellent in every way. Great sound with loads of power. Dollar for dollar, very tough to beat.
comfortable and effective
For chilling, napping, or wear like a headband while working or cooking. Great not to have a headset shoved in your ear. Sounds great!
Great mic for podcasts. This can hook up to your Mac or pc and had surprisingly good sound. It's nice and light and very portable. The stand is sturdy as well.
At first glance I wasn't expecting to hear great sound seeing that it was an adapter hence loosing sound. But to my surprise it sounded fantastic as if the cord wasn't connected. Just need to get used to using the cord as my iPhone didn't come with an audio jack type C, instead has lightning type. Overall it's good quality well packaged. Will need to buy one more as my wife took mine!
This unit really gets the dust and finger prints off of the record. Since I only play records occasionally I put a few drops on the edge and spread it across the brush with the bottom of the bottle and I didn't add fluid to the fill holes. Will purchase another one when this one finished.
The product was lust what I expected
Great product with good video quality definitely recommend it. Shipping was extremely fast.
Good product works well
This was really easy to set up and use! Although, I do feel kind of lazy with all this technology we have. :-) I was really surprised with all that it does and for a really good price. We use it with our iPhones & iPads without issue. I use it mostly for showing pictures like a slide show for my Scout troop and at home. Streaming movies is pretty nice too...and I don't have to worry about having the right cable. This was a great purchase!
Packs quite a punch. Just what I needed.
Bought this as a gift for my fifteen-year-old grandson who's obsessed with Doctor Who, and he loves it.
This Airpod Case Cover - 2 pack was worth every penny! Glad I stumbled across them! Did not disappoint! Highly recommended!
There just batteries for batteries there good
big enough for 4-5 days trip.. there is a cable coming out from inside of the bag so you don't have to carry powerbank with you. very creative.worth every penny
Mounts very good and fits remotes.
I work in the food industry and never around an outlet long enough to charge my phone during the day. I got this charger and I already had an extra battery, so I gave it a try. Glad I did. At 1st I only needed every so often when I forgot to charge my phone or we had a long day catering and my phone went dead. Just recently my phone stopped charging. Tried several chargers and nothing. Called our company IT dept. and they said I would need a new phone. I could pay for a new one now or wait until the end of July and do an upgrade. Well since I have this charger, I'm waiting. It can be a pain to be the only way to charge, but it works. The charger stays cool at all times as well as the battery when charging. Not a fast charge, but good enough as to have that back up. Also, if the power ever goes off, great back up plan!
No discernible difference in power versus the Milwaukee battery. The price is great for this item and I'd recommend them to a friend.
Great in every way! Very satisfied
Makes it easy to plug in the laptop and phone when using both for hot spot connections
These headphones are all around great! Not only is it a quality product, but for a great price (I'm in grad school and on a budget!). I struggle finding headphones since my ears are small and I need different sizes to accommodate, and these came with different sizes that work perfectly. I am a runner and I like to do very dynamic, high intensity interval workouts and these headphones don't budge. The sound quality is also great, and the battery life is true to what is advertised. Easy to follow instructions with cohesive packaging made it easy to get started and improve my workouts! Highly recommended.
Previously had a compact antenna with amplifier, and the amplifier died. This was a perfect replacement, has worked perfectly, without any amplifier or additional parts.
Very good quality. Arrived quickly!
It is a good product. The USB cord did not work, but thankfully I was able to use the same cord that my phone uses...
Great sounding and great looking. These headphones look like the $400 ones by some doctor of tempo but are more comfortable and sound quality is just as good. Great value for the price
This product worked perfectly, the reviews describing the install were helpful. The emitter labeled REC goes at the tv where you're remote will be pointed and the other will be at the devices you want to control. Important note is I installed the REC emitter behind my tv and I had to use the remote eye that was supplied for line of site communications. I didn't install the remote eyes at the devices I was controlling because they were right beside each other and it worked perfectly!
So this is how the item came. It took about 2 seconds to connect it. The case is nice and has a good weight to it. The headphones are nice and small and they fit in snug in my ear. The sound is pretty great and for such a reasonable price I'm really astounded. I hope these hold up for a while but so far no complaints. Also the item came supremely fast I think I ordered it on Saturday and received it by 11am on Monday. --- Sept 2019 Still holding up well listening to music in the shower with them. They still have an excellent charge and still no issues with the charging case as of now.
The sound quality on these is great, my husband uses them to listen to music while working and to talk on the phone hands free without cords in the way. The case is perfect for on the go, fits in your pocket and tells you how much battery life is left. They are easy to connect to your phone with Bluetooth took less than 30 seconds. The earbuds fit well and are comfortable.
Installed in a church from stage to AV Room
worked well as expected
What a beauty, cool down that old Stereo! This is truly a fine compliment to any stereo unit with vents on top.
looks good and packeged well, but as it is a Christmas gift, I really cannot say if it is a good product or not. I'll get back to you on this after Christmas.
Worked well. a little difficult to get use to adjusting the desired output.
Really a great iptv box, we get to watch all our favorite shows from Brasil, it's also save my money. I'm very happy and thinking to buy more for others rooms and as gifts for my friends.
This is an amazing, feature-packed, rock-solid DAP. Plays almost anything out there (certainly everything I have), and does so very well. Excellent sound, great UI and usability. It's a wonderful little device, packed with wonderful features and abilities. Highly recommended!
Best HDMI Switch works with Xbox One X and PS4 PRO! I went through about 5 other switches before buying this one, I just thought it looked cheap and wouldn't work but was I wrong. It actually worked flawlessly and I spent $100 on the other switches that would cut out the picture and not work. If you're looking to hook up your Xbox One X and PS4 pro to a 4k TV and only have one hdr port this is your solution. Go ahead buy It,
When I received my first set in the mail I was surprised to open the package and find a box with just a bag hanging out of it, no headphones. It looked like when they were being shipped to me the box accidentally opened and the headphones slipped out. I contacted the seller and they immediately shipped a replacement pair. I am so happy they did. These headphones are excellent! The ear pieces are slanted and fit perfectly in the ear. You cannot even feel them. Sound quality is excellent. They come with 3 sets of replacement ear cushion things and a little clip for cord. Also the ends of the earbuds are magnetic and still k together which helps to keep them from tangling.
Great value for the price! I'm a music fan and quality of sound is something that's very important me. With these compact wireless earbuds I tend to listen even more :-)
I've been using this for 10 days. No complaints at all. I love using them. Around the neck is light, the ear buds are comfortable. The charge holds the battery for a while. The best part of these is the buds retract. I've had some like this but the buds just hang there. Sound is good. Volume is good!!!
This amazing thingy finally brought order to my night chest! It gets power via regular 110v cord, and has a few internal usb port. You plug in a few usb cables and sneak them out of the separate holes for multiple devices, which can be placed on separate spots.
I Bought these for my 3 year old son. My daughter seen them and thought she needed to have them due to them having cat ears. He was sooo excited to get these. I don't know if it's because I have a pair of Bluetooth headphones that he likes to listen to, and now he has his own or the fact that these glow pretty colors. It has a safety feature of them not being able to go but so loud for a kid. There's a place where you can put a sd card with music if you didn't want to connect any devices. It comes with a cord if you wanted to connect it that way or also of course the Bluetooth feature. I may have to order another one for my daughter.
Was quickly delivered and great quality/price.
Worked well with the TV I needed it for
fast delivery good price good product thank you.
bought it for the airplay connectivity for audio (which works great). airplay and tunein are my only uses with it and it works great and sounds great. like it a lot.
Great product but if I were the product manager I'd include 1 Toslink cable for use on the input side, anticipating most buyers would have cables for their receiving devices. Simply a convenience aspect
Sometimes you have to move the antenna. But that's okay.
I'm always a little shy about buying ear buds online. I seem to have exceptionally small ears, and even the smallest rubber ear piece, is always too big. Or, they get ruined pretty easy in my house, where it's all boys - even if I buy pink to keep them away! That being said, I've had them for a year now! I use them at the gym, when I'm walking the public parks, and even just to watch a movie on my cell, or listen to music. They're pretty sturdy, the sound is actually really good, and I literally throw them in a purse, backpack, etc. Very impressed, won't be getting any other ear buds again!
Do you need to buy a rechargeable treasure? This is a good choice It is one, solve your troubles, very easy to use, I decided I want to buy one, give my sister, she will like it. It is a good product
These cables are very good for the money, especially if you buy them in packs of 10.
Definitely better than any others cords I've ever used many cords,all worn out quickly.These cables are super sturdy and durable,test with one of the three cords,bend it like hundreds to thousands time,not a single sign of fray.Awesome quality! Then test the connector,still bend many times at the joint between tip and cord,nothing happened,still holds together.Awesome!Finally the strength,me and my brother pulled the cord very hard,we are all sweating,it still can charge my phone.These cable gonna lat a really long time.So worthy with its price,got three this high quality cables. Grat to use in car too,like others,my car is alaways under sun, the inside get very very hot,but the cable still does its job.Makes me happy.Superior quality!
I really like this cable. Worked perfectly on my car. This is what i was looking for it.
The battery life almost doubles the battery life of any of my larger more dynamic sounding speakers. When using the speaker in the Bluetooth mode with all inputs sealed, the speaker's design makes it water resistant. It is not completely waterproof, but water resistant enough to make it a great choice for the beach or pool side, especially when you wish to travel light. Weighing just under 6 ozs., this is a great little speaker for my workstation, office, kitchen, or on the go; and it surprises me that I like it as much as I do and that I have found so many uses for it that fit my lifestyle.
Works as advertised. Automatic clock time, and large screen.
They have awsome sound and base!
Works great and quickly. Handles multiple battery sizes.
5 stars all the way around!
I bought these sleep headphones to block noises that make it hard for me to sleep.The sound quality is good. Easy to use, comfortable, price is alright as well.They do the job.Customer service is good too which is worth a lot.
Nice cable. Great feel. Works as expected.
Bought several times as gift because we like ours so much
Works great. Busted my other light, this is the one I needed. Will update when the light bursts.
Good sound. Quick to pair up
This battery seems to work well, keeps the remote charged for about a week
Recently bought a new 46" TV and tried to pick up a wall mount from Best Buy but they were ridiculously priced. After some research on amazon I settled on this one as the value. Good reviews by real users, reasonable price, lifetime warranty. My thought process is that no company would claim lifetime warranty unless they had absolute faith in their product design.
Sound quality is awesome.volume control works great. Great quality for is size. Easy to use.
Product exactly as described! A perfect way to add additional heat or airflow to your vehicle. Is ready before your car's own system is! You can maneuver system to place it in the direction you would like the air to go which is a high plus. Want to warm just your hands or your passengers feet? You can with this!! More flexibility than your car's heating/cooling system. Would highly recommend! Perfect for heating only one side of car when riding with passenger!
This is the second Meidong I have purchased. I could not pass on the opportunity to purchase the factory renewed product for the price. I have listened to other sound bars that have a muddy sound on deep bass. Many other sound bars have a lot of bass which overwhelms the rest of the sound. This can also enhance the frequency range for voices. Excellent product.
I had an old woofer and sound system stuck away in the closet. I pulled it out and tried to set it up in the spare bedroom but couldn't find the antennas. Ordered these and plugged them in and now have music from the radio coming in loud and clear. Will eventually hook it up to a tv and dvd player.
Product works as advertised.
Works Perfect and came just in the knick of time.
Got this on a lightning deal and super happy with it. LOTS of room for plug ins, USB, etc, so allowed me to get rid of THREE other surge protectors; especially with bulky WIFI switches, this allows room for everything. Highly recommended!
charge one time, I can use it so many times for my phone or pad. And it no heat up when charge to my devices. and it has 1A and 2A for you. It's beautiful
Before i bought It was hard to hear the radio program because of all the interference, and with it i get no interference.
Great sound great product
Excellent, looking forward to using on our trip to Hawaii.
perfect backup to allow controlled shut down on power outages.
Used these on a flight recently. Work as advertised - work great in fact. Highly recommend.
Not a bad purchase I Suppose
Very easy to carry and transfer data from my iPhone X to my backup drive. There is a lots of choices I can choose and different methods. USB, adapter , tf cards are all transferable.
As described, works great1
Worked as expected for a small amp that didn't come with a power supply.
These plugs are super reliable and so easy to set up. It was a snap to load the app and program the plug to work with our Alexa system. We had to have a new router installed, and changing the network password was easy, too, unlike some of the other smart home devices we own. We liked this plug so much that we purchased several additional ones and will be adding on to the collection soon!
Great product. Never need to go fumbling looking for charging spot. Just throw it down and it will charge. Also looks great on a desk/office environment - it negates the need for messy cables or cable management and only occupies a small part of the desk. Great gift idea for any tech lover. Compatible with all wireless charge capable devices (including iPhone 8, iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy models). It is working well so far and I am confident if I have any issues that the seller will help resolve them quickly.
Easy to use , can buy time when needed
for 32" computer monitor..easy install, has been in use for months
Works ok good quality 👍
This is a well-made, very attractive alarm. I received an outdated instructions sheet so when I emailed the company with a question, I received immediate, helpful response. I'm very impressed with this company.
Two chargers, 2 ports each, 2 cables, good price, works perfectly, came the next day!
Very comfortable fit. I got them for my six year old but they work just as well for myself. Sturdy quality and comes with a perfect case too.
The fit is very good. The three position slots work fine. The leather seems real. Overall, this iPad cover is very good.
These ear hooks work great. I went mountain biking on a very bumpy and hilly trail and they did not budge at all. They slide on the AirPod easily. However my only quibble is that once you put them on, you have to adjust the AirPod angle once you put the hooks over your ear. This is not a fault of the manufacturer, rather the fact that the AirPod stems are round so I don't think there is a way the hooks could be locked at a certain angle.
Kids have a way of losing earbuds. These are my new go to ear buds for use at my desk. I love how quickly they charge and do not hurt my ears after extended use. The earbuds are a nice girly color which keeps my son for taking them. There are times when pink matters.
Does just what I need! Thanks!
Works great holds charge unlike the original battery, would definitely recommend
Good cable. Light-weight, doesn't get twisted up.
Great wireless headphones! Like them so Much! Highly recommend!
Good is good and cheap is cheap. You may find a cheaper brand, but not likely to find a better one.
For the price it's amazing. Plz don't compare them to beats let's be real. They charged quickly and pairing them with the phone was super easy.
love it. Works perfect, simple and effective..Would recommend to anyone
Love this case! Its nice that i can protect my phone and keep my id and a few card on me at all times :)
Works as expected. Easy replacement for a worn out battery for the HP.
Love the price and durability of this case. Haven't had it long but can tell it will hold up for a long time.
Very nice for the price
My granddaughter ask for this clock and she loves it..
Love this product. Fits well on my head and does a great job of noise cancelling and great range for my phone. I recommend this product.
Great performance in enabling longer operation life of the saw.
Product exactly as advertised. Small and portable.
This cord is built a lot stronger than the last one. The actual thickness of the cord is really much better. I think this cord will last a long time.
This car charger keeps my iPhone 5c properly charged, and has enough charging spots for another phone. Fit standard phone charger/cigarette lighter spot even on my old 2000 Toyota! Charges quickly and blue lighted indicator is a big help.
It fits perfectly, has more power, and life than original. I will buy another in the near future.
Very sharp read of the clock...exactly as advertised. I have purchased additional clocks because they are so good. Thank you!
First one out of the container did not work no problems with the rest of them good price and easy to write on.
Liked it, very good sound quality
This cable was exactly what I needed for my Windows 10 netbook. I can now connect it to any HDMI TV.
Well made, great cable covering. NIce and wide so not to trip on it.
Hides cables very well
works great with my device
I highly recommend this 87w usb c charger!! First one, When I received this charger, it was well packaged in a nice box. Second one, I have some problems while using this charger, but the seller help me to solved it quickly. Last but not least, it has the same quality as the OEM charger but it much cheaper than the OEM charger.
I have been using this for about a week straight, works great! Would like a slightly longer cord but it is working great for me even with a shorter cord. Great buy for the price!!!!This has made a world of difference. I got so tired of holding the receiver up to my ear.
Very attractive design. Well made.
I order this glasses for my husband, he wear glasses all the time when he got this, he try it right away he said is easy to clip on and work great with the Samsung 3d TV we have and the quality is good . And he can't wait to try at the movie theater with his new 3d glasses.
this its headphones its really good, my nephew its very happy, he's using it to play a game called dota 2, microphone its fine he talk with their friends.
excellent styling and looks; just wish it was automatic return - lazy I guess and spoiled by an older turntable.
My replacement remote is an exact replica of the original which I had lost. It works perfectly and has the same functionality. I highly recommend this product.
I gave this as a gift for my husband. He is amazed how convenient to use it. The quality of sound is amazing. It's easy to connect to his iPhone plus he can use is for a long time. Good job!
Worked as advertised. I am pleased and I will most likely need to buy a few more for our church building. I would recommend this to others.
I really like the rounded corners, the way they were packaged, and it was a good buy. Thank you for the good quality.
Bought these for my hunny for gaming but they are also his go to for watching movies in bed while I sleep. We do have other lighter weight ear buds but he reaches for these and says the sound is great.
I love these headphones!!!! The noise cancelling is amazing, a must have when flying. Great for blocking out background noise, totally saved my flight when a crying baby was on the plane. Sound is great, clear highs and strong bass... all in balance. The bluetooth connection is very stable. The microphone in the headphones is extremely sensitive and can be a bit much when using for phone calls. The battery life is astounding... charge it up before a business trip and I dont have to worry about it until I get home. Worth every penny!!!!
I like how easy it is to connect to my device. These earbuds are comfortable. They produce good quality sound.
This is a versatile adapter that can be used in the United States or abroad. One end of the adapter is for plugging in a male electrical plug for a United States style outlet. The adapter splits from one plug to two plugs on the other side without changing the voltage. The other end of the adapter can plug-in a United States style plug like an iPhone charger and then without changing the voltage it adapts to two round prongs like can be found in Hong Kong and China. The adapter is lightweight and should be pretty convenient to just stick in your luggage.
The quality is particularly good, the sound is big but clear, the appearance is small and compact, cute!
Excellent Product and prompt delivery! Recommend.
My iPhone has a 3mm case on. The charger still works great and fast. Not sure if it works as the case is more than 3mm. Quality made, smooth touch. Like it!
I am a satisfied user...I thank you and my albums thank you...Very fine product...
Great price works good
Keeps my grill clean of left over food Great help when using my gas grill Wish they were less expensive
A Samsung battery as described. Good shipping time, acurate product description. We have not used it yet, so it will be safely stored for a while.
Fantastic product for the price. I can finally use my 12V Dewalt drill again! Jazzed! Battery has lasted me well over two weeks. I'm just a typical "homeowner" doing small jobs around the house. I just hung new window blinds and there were 24 wood screws deeply embedded I had to remove and the drill just kept on going. I love it. Thanks
I needed a pair of headphones to give to my nephew as a gift and I thought these looked good and had a good price. What I wasn't expecting was the level of quality in headphones that were this affordable. They are durably made, have good highs and lows in audio quality and will last a long time! Wish they made these for adults also, I would get another pair right away!
Sorry but I want 50ft not 25ft
A headset with good sound quality will not make your ears uncomfortable.It relaxes your ears and enjoys music.
This is such a neat little product. Lanyard works very well. I was unsure with the charger oart ast first but it actually works very well and provides a fast charge.
Worked perfectly great deal
The sound quality is superb.
This is the best bluetooth portable speaker for the price on the market! I love Anker products as everything they produce is so well made, and the design so well thought out. Keep up the great work Anker. I've an old Bose bluetooth speaker that while will produce more volume at the top end than the Anker, it was a $300+ unit, and honestly doesn't sound that much better, not to mention isn't nearly as packable as the Anker.
This thing holds my 86 inch like its nothing. It sticks out a bit more than desired, but it make sense for the sturdiness.
I like the speaker, it sounds really good, very clear instruction, and easy to installation, I mount it under my tv on the wall. now i watching movies like in the cinema!
Prior to buying this, I bought and returned a cheaper unit selling for $17.99. Advantages this HDMI switch has over my previous one include: - This one works with my 480i projector - This one comes with a power supply - This one comes with an HDMI cable
After paying for Netflix and Hulu, I don't want to waste money on monthly cable bills, but I still want access to local stations which also carries the live sports games on weekends. This antenna does just that. It comes in just one item, the antenna with the cable to connect to the TV. The antenna is not that big and is made of some flexible plastic material. I can easily hide it behind the TV. It was able to pick up those over the air local station in HD, and that's all I need. Happy with the item.
Great product. Charges my iPhone 7plus really fast n it doesnt get hot when charging. Ive been using it for over a week n no complaints. See how it holds up. But so far very happy w cable. Btw I use it w my car charger
Great protection against scratches etc. Snug fit , looks great . Most importantly, Does not take away from the speaker's performance.
This voltage converter worked like a charm.We recently traveled to Australia and brought this. It was perfect! There were 4 of us and a multitude of devices. We could charge almost all of them at the same time! It was great not to worry about any issues with the voltage difference either. As it comes with US and European plugs as well, it's perfect for us for ALL of our traveling.
Good product,has worked the last 2 months no problems.
Husband loves it. Installed on pickup.
I needed some cute and powerful in my room to play music and this serves that purpose. Bass is not as heavy as I would like but, it's a pill. What do you expect. It also holds a nice charge and pairing is easy.
Good speakers for what they are - small, but better sound than TV. They fit very well into the smaller space in front of my TV.
Very happy. CS dept the s great
Works and seems to be decent quality.
Exactly as described.
Over all great. Very comfortable and easy to use. Has good bluetooth connection and good sound quality. The retractable buds are great. Only complaint is that I wish it had a power switch instead of a button because if you throw it in a bag or purse the button could get hit and turn it on. Other than that no problems.
This headphone is very good with high quality sound. It looks nice and cool. My teenage son loves it very much.
Got these wireless tv headphones so I can watch the tv at night while everyone is sleeping. They sound decent and the range is also decent. The headphones are comfortable to wear around the house while I listen to music and fit securely on my head.
Exactly the same Product
Sound quality is superb. I use it to power my DT 1990's and it does exactly what it's supposed to!
Works wonderful! Saved me SO much time and money. I bought the nest E and could not get it to run the air consistently , finally looked for a solution and found this gem! Hooked one wire into C wire spot other into R wire spot (along with my Original R wire together) plugged in and have not had a issue since and it's been 2 months now.
Easy to set up and use.
The sound quality is super great. Today my kids blasted their music and jammed out in the front room. It was the best. Easy to set up and easy to use
So happy that the reset button worked as it should. This is a great replacement charger.
Works right of the package and did what I needed it to do
Couldn't ask for anything better. Outlets with USB ports.
The only off brand charger that works. Love these products.
I've had a hard time finding earbuds that I like over the years. I was really surprised that these fit really well. Not too loose and not too tight. I'm not too picky on sound quality, so these do the trick.
Durable and great sound for such a small speaker
Good sound quality, easy to use, long battery life, and it looks nice. Works good for when I'm cooking dinner/ cleaning to listen to music. I also like the phone holder on top.
Definitely no complain about this product. I have probably bought at least 10 of these similar product. No doubt, this is my favorite one ever... Easy to use and duarable.👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
worked as expected, super easy to install and much cheaper than the ORM equipment.
I actually used my phone for alarm. When I found this,I was a little skeptical buying it at first, just because i was unsure if it would be bright enough to actually wake me up. But I was pleasantly surprised! And I can adjust the different colors that's so cool,also have the FM radio that's I can set up to listen after woke up on the weekend. love it,might buy another one as a gift for my brother since he had a problem with woken up.
My daughter loves these!!! Perfect color and works great
Works well. Great buy.
Received quality watch batteries at very reasonable price. Good product.
Great product and good quality.
This Bluetooth speaker works great on our boat! We even brought it out to the beach. We Rinsed the speaker with a water hose to get the sand off and it was not a problem. Definitely waterproof! The battery life on this is amazing
Last just as long than original battery, easy to cary and charge fast.
Still going strong a year later.
Arrived in time. Product works perfectly. Very happy with purchase.
Product is what I wanted
Great Buy - works great!
It took 5 minutes (and 2 phillips screwdrivers) to open my Dell Inspiron, remove the old battery and install the new one. The battery life went from 20 minutes (obviously failing) to 7 hours
Works as advertised. Fast and cheap delivery. Will update if any issues.
I received this about a week ago and I am in love with it. It is SUPER inexpensive , it is extremely cute and most importantly it helps me keep track of my AirPods.
The item was just what I expected. It works very well.
These candles are so cute! I got them w/ the intention to separate them and include them in a few gift baskets I'm making for a few of my lady friends. I think they will be perfect! If you wanted to gift these as is (to one person), they come prepackaged w/ a thank you card inside and wrapped neatly in a bow... however, if you wanted to personalize the card, you would have to take the package apart and it's very difficult to put back together... not a big deal for me, since I'm separating them anyway... but, something to be aware of. I think these would be cute to wrap separately and give as party favors too... especially for a rustic theme party/wedding. Would buy again!
This is truly a wonderful product. Definitely a great buy. Will be keeping this handy for our many power outages.
This worked great on my Canon MG6620 printer. I've uploaded a before and after picture of the test pattern. I removed the print head to clean it which made it easy to use. The on-line how-to videos on removing the print head were wrong. A comment left by a reviewer pointed out the correct way of pulling the bar with the color codes on it forward releasing the print head which can then be removed by rotating it forward and up. It is messy and the ink is permanent so wear the gloves and have plenty of absorbing material to protect your work surface.
Perfect! VERY protective, looks great, fantastic price seeing as how originally this exact case was $50
The earbuds are quite good so far. They seem well made, easy to use, solid connection with phone, and the sound is clear relative to other wireless headphones. I was able to get about fifteen feet (unblocked view) from the phone before I completely lost the signal.The one complaint I have is that the headphones do not have support for Google Assistant, which is not really a bad thing for the headphones but is a little inconvenient. So likely have to get the Google headphones in order to make that happen.Final verdict is that, for a $30 pair of wireless headphones, I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the equipment as well as the sound. Unless you want to spend more money, I doubt you'll do much better than these at the price point.
Totally worth it! Usually I don't spend that much money on earphones, because they tend to break after a month or two. I lost my other pair, and I was so desperate to find out which one I had so I can get a replacement, thank goodness I found these. You just get what you pay for and these earbuds are worth every penny!! These really shocked me and they are absolutely great headphones! These headphones are my favorite of all time! They have a nice crisp sound and strong bass. I have never had any issue with the fit and comfort. These are one of the only earbuds I can wear for long periods of time without my ears being hurt. They also have awesome microphone! According to the people I've talked to with these, the microphone is loud and of decent quality and they can hear me clearly. I highly recommend these for listening to music. When these wear out, I'll be replacing with the same model because for the money, you can't get any better sound.
I love the fact that it is quite audible. Some headphones possess low sound quality but not this one.
It a great look!I'm sure I use it.
These are just what I was looking for.
It was a relief to find this remote replacement. It is in excellent condition and reliable.
i love it cause its blue
I'm always hesitant buying a product that isn't the same brand as what I'm replacing, but luckily this worked just fine! I purchased this for my Rockwell drill and so far no issues.
This sound bar was so easy to set up and we feel it gives us ample sound. Bear in mind we were looking for a sound bar that would help my roommate hear the TV since he is hard of hearing. This sound bar accomplished just what we wanted.
Well machined, and screws into position exactly. Precise fit.
Gorgeous, durable, beautiful sound, exceptional bass for its size. Syncs up well with other Sony speakers with minimal lag. The light show is pretty cool too.
This Outdoor Antenna is one of the better antennas on the market that I have seen. It boasts a large reception radius, while being compact at the same time. It does not look unsightly when mounted outside, and does a decent job at playing back local TV stations. The 1080p channels that I am able to view all display fluidly without any hiccups or distortion of the picture. There's not a whole lot to complain about with this antenna. It is a little fortunate that it have an additional power adapter for it to work, but it'll be something to consider if you do not have a convenient outlet to plug it into. Seeing as how this product has one job, and it does it very well, I have not problems recommending it to potential buyers.
I like the fact that they are reasonably priced and have fantastic quality. I have been using this brand for quite a few years and have never had any bad discs. Great product!
I had a little bit of trouble pairing them at first because I could not get it to flash back and forth between red and blue, but that turned out to be because I was not pressing it long enough. Now that they are connected, as long as I have my phone on Bluetooth, they will connect to each other as soon as I turn my headphones on. It is so nice to workout at the gym without having wires all over the place. I have the wire hang at the back of my neck unless I am doing back squats. I go about 4 gym visits before I have to recharge!
It is genuine, very easy to use, exquisite workmanship, easy to charge. Putting it in the backpack is not in the way, the earphones are also very light, wearing very comfortable, not painful, feeling good sound quality. The price is strong, the operation is simple, the connection is smooth.
Perfect for speaker!
I bought this headphone for my 7year old to use at school.He loves these so much.The sound quality is good and very easy to use.They fit perfectly and he says they don't hurt his ears.
Super happy with this purchase. Fast shipping and states certified for the product I purchased
Like new. Can't part with this product. Fast delivery.
Does what its supposed to.
I love this charger so much. Worth every penny.
Did the Job quick delivery
Actually arrived a day earlier than projected, in service working well!!!
Good clock, is easy to read, quite bright, even at lowest setting. But can also be turned off. Has battery backup feature, which I really need because of frequent outages. Would buy again...
This vr is very comfortable to wear. I love it. And it's convenient. I would recommend my friends to keep buying.
Excellent sub to mate with floor powered speakers.
I like this alarm clock. I hate that typical "alarm clock" sound, and prefer beeping. However, I really love the music and volume control on this alarm clock. I cannot have any light in the room when I'm trying to sleep, that really bothers me. I was worried as this did not sound like it had a complete "off" mode for the light, but I thought I'd try it. There are 4 brightness settings that can be adjusted by the big button the top at any time. I was very happy that the lowest setting is almost completely off. In the night, the lowest setting is almost not visible at all. Additional features I like are the USB ports, which are great for charging my phone. Overall, this alarm clock has great features, is easy to use, and is compact and nice looking. It has a bit of weight to it and rubber feet on the bottom so it doesn't slide around your nightstand. I would highly recommend this alarm clock
Great item at a great price. Unit and charger fit perfectly, lighting fast shipping
Very happy with the Bluetooth. Very comfortable.
Surprising rich sound for such a tiny speaker. I use it all the time
I have been looking for a long time for the perfect earbuds and finally found them. I don't know about the other reviewers but I am very happy with my set of earbuds. I also like the fact that you can listen to just one earbud at a time if you want. My wife uses one and I use the other one at the same time. Having the ability to charge your cellphone from the built in battery pack is definitely a plus for me.
We took the adapters to Madagascar and they worked perfect. Exactly what we needed
i like how it has many different attachments for different electronic
Lot's of low priced items don't work for long. But, this clock was a nice surprise.
It was perfect, just as described and easy to install. Arrived fast!
Just what I was looking for. Excellent product.
I bought this to replace my old charger. This one works great. I have no complaints.
Beautiful. Did exactly what I needed it to do. With the multiple USB jacks, I was able to keep three devices charging at anytime. I like the fact that I will be able to use it when we go to England. Not going anywhere? Not a problem. It has a U.S. adapter, so I can still charge multiple devices while I'm in the comfort of my own home.
Works and looks great
I just refuse to pay for cable because we work so much that nights and weekends, I can't justify paying over $100 for it. So I've tried all sorts of things to try to get away with watching things here and there and I have a hotspot on my phone so that helps. But immediately, this was different. So easy to set up I didn't even have to get my hubby to do it. After channel scan I got some great local and HD channels and most importantly, the channels that football is on! The season just started and that's what we care about in this house! Definitely worth what we paid.
Best inexpensive way to bring wireless charging to your AirPods 1 then paying close to $100 for just a case.
Very sleek, sturdy & easy to install ! For the price it definitely did exceed my expectations-made me look into their other products!
Very good, use everyday as to not burn my retinas. Most importantly not too heavy and stay flipped up.
They charge fully in about 2 days and seem to work as well as regular non-rechargeable batterries.
This is a very good cable and I use it as my main charger for my phone. Charges the phone like it's supposed to, quickly and with a long cord. This cable is also very durable and feels well put together.
Bought this wireless charger for model 3, to replace the one I had earlier that didnt fit my samsung note 8. This charger fits perfectly, and the horizontal charging is very helpful, to avoid phone sliding out while driving and avoiding charging interruptions. Highly recommend this product. Cant get back to wired charging anymore after you get used to this!
from a long time i wanted to buy a digital photo frame. i once saw this in some shop and since then i wanted to buy one but whenever i searched it was way above my budget so i dropped idea for this. but suddenly one day i came across this product. it was looking nice specification wise but was also coming in my budget. so i thought of giving it a chance and bought this. and finally it came to my house in a box as you can see in picture. i putted all my pictures and some videos in this one and and plugged it. i felt nice when photo's came alive on screen. i like it so much that photographs keep on rotating themselves. you can set the frequency of rotation starting from 3 seconds to a minute. videos also come up good in this. sound wise it is very good as i have a smaller apartment so do not need much sound. you can set your preferred language from a easy set up mechanism. so overall its a nice gadget to have at house which falls within your budget.
Great case to protect your phone. Pretty slim format for how well it protects. I hate bulky cases and don't get me wrong this one's a little bit big but it feels very good in the hand and in the pocket. Best case it protects well without feeling like a typical chunky OtterBox.
Great stuff with high quality.
Compared to others, it is convenient and could be used for making calls and listening to the navigation.
Easy to set up; excellent sound for such inexpensive speakers. Solid construction.Great value.
came with no damage and work well,ordered several more sets as we had to redo our movie collection. back out of the dvd book (total of 200 think)
Arrived new and fully charged.
helped make my bose sound system work
Works great-didn't need to sync it or anything. linked right up with my sound bar
One of my best purchases on Amazon. Still works with no issues and is a great size. Awesome price.
Good product. sound quality is fine. not bass crazy. would buy again.... up-date worked well for six months until left side broke-off from housing. not sure if it's my fault or bad united. not sure they well replace or fix at this point and time. i guess i'll have to just order some new ones with a different pivot pointy constuction.
I still have a bunch of CD's and it's either get something to play them on or throw them away. This works great and I also can cast from my phone and play music .
Worked well for our trip
Great color. Matches the rose gold Apple Watch 4 almost perfectly. Very comfortable and seems very sturdy
Worked great and easy mount.
Love it! Very hood quality sound
For the price, these are a great set of headphones for kids! The sound levels won't go too loud which is great for them and important to me
Worked great !!!! Light now burns much longer
Well packaged. Great product out the box
This is my second pair, I didn't write a review of my first pair, which I still have. I love them so much, I wanted a pair to keep in my car for when I travel so I can listen to books on tapes while working. I am not sure why anyone would need to spend hundreds on headphones, these are so light and comfortable and the distance and signal are very strong. I love them!
Creativity is good and practical. Never worry about power shortage again. The battery will not fall in everyday life and it will not fall during jogging. Very satisfied with this sound quality.Strongly recommend!
Works very well cleans dust and particles as described, I like it so much i bought a second one, recomend this to any one who plays vinyl records.
I bought this bluetooth speaker for a graduation present, love the wave design it has. It has a good sound quality and pairs really easily! To use the radio, you must connect the aux cable, press the M button and you will get the voice saying FM mode, you can search stations and the aux cable will work as an antenna Indications says do not submerge or put near water. For a graduation gift is perfect!
Works great does the job
Need a slightly longer power cord for your Traeger grill? this is it.
I purchased this USB extender as part of a project to connect my PC in my office to my living room TV.and I am very happy with this cable.
great inexpensive radio !
These are great! Best part is I thought I was buying 1 and it was a 2 pack! Score!
fast shipping and easy control !its real help me to played the game !!
So excited these work very well. I joined a Gym a couple months back and didn't like having a cord on my earphones so I decided to try Bluetooth earphones. I'm very happy with the sound quality and volume.
I ordered this product from amazon about a week ago and tried it inside and outside the house. These headphone are really good to be used for talking on phone, taking a call, outdoor walks , workout and listening to music. I didn't feel any lag or disturbances while music plays with clarity in sound. It's sound quality is what makes it different from other headphones in the market with similar price range. I recommend using these headphone with full satisfaction.
perfect fit and works well.
I had install this Antenna in my attic and it's doing very well. I'm elated 'cause I don't have to be paying out $130.00 a month for satellite service. Thanks again AMAZON.
I love this speaker. So small yet it sounds like an expensive system.
Great product and quality! I keep it next to my yoga mat or it can be use for many different activities. Love it. Definitely recommended.
The charger works great and is a slim fit (not too bulky). I tend to use it while traveling or when I'll be out all day. It was perfect a few weeks ago when I attended a music festival as I was taking a lot of pics and video; this case was a life saver. Plus, it feels like an actual case and not just an extra battery attached to the phone. Great buy!
Beginning friendly, I save so much by replacing my own battery.
This was a 2 pack so have one charger for home & one for work. Both work phone S7 & personal phone S10 work so makes it super easy for charging. Think it take about 2 hours for full charge from 10% when in fast charge mode but i think that is fine. Used AD/DC adapter that came with each phone which is also fine by me.
I received my OptiCover Wireless-N AP/Router, opened the box and read the simple instructions. Within 30 seconds of reading the instructions my extender was up and running. I live in a large 2 storey house where the main router, on the upper level, is located at the front of the house. This resulted in a wifi signal at the opposite end of the house in the 40% of max signal strength range, with frequent drop outs. With the extender strategically placed, the signal strength now measures in the 80-85% range.
Works great but takes a beat to figure out controls. I bit frustrating to go back to select a different song etc.
I like this new alarm clock! I especially like how it has a lamp that can illuminate like the sun is rising. I also like how it has the 24-hour clock. After relying on my smartphone as an alarm clock, I realize a device like this one would be smart as well. I think this is the modern alarm clock consumers should buy.
My daughter loved it!
I was looking for a smart watch for myself for a very long time. But the prices were damn high! While searching i found this smart watch and found it in my budget... thought to give it a try! And to my surprise... its amazing! Picking calls, dialing a number, you can also store number in contacts in watch itself, incoming and outgoing voices.... everything is so crisp clear and easy!
Working great with my iPhone, I like it so much.
This is great. I hooked it up to my television in the basement and now I'm picking up a lot of channels.
My 4 year old loves MARIO and the adjustability is good, ranges to fit anyone head comfortably. Would purchase again.
small body powerful performance
Great battery. Works just like the original Sony brand.
It's easy to setup and sounds good. It's loud and easily fills a room. I really like the wall and that it can hang on the wall. It's extremely convenient.
This is not a powerful adapter-you can't use it to run anything that needs a lot of power. But I bought it to power a satellite radio and an automobile music player that only have car adapters. For those, this works great!
Great Buy for the price I paid. Bass could have been a bit better. But loud and clear headphones. Better than most of the premium headphones. Amazing catch from my perspective. :-)
Great product! Exactly what I needed for the rear surround speakers!!
Very fast charge and it is compatible
All the sub cables, ports work as described. Worth the price.
Took less than a minute to pair and use on my iPhone. Was looking for an inexpensive single ear Bluetooth earbud to keep in my pocket to use occasionally in areas I didn't want to disturb others listening to voicemails. Works perfectly. Amazing battery life. Have used occasionally to answer calls and am very impressed. Considering another to swap out while charging.
Have been used my new headphones for a period of time. So far so good. Sound is not the best but good enough to listen to some normal music. (If you are a music lover, I think you should spend more over 30 dollars.) This earbuds works fine with my iPhone 7, easy to pair and connect. Wear them every day when I was free, listening to music will put me in a good mood. I do enjoy with this headphones. Recommend it to some people who just want to get for daily use like me. 5 stars without doubt.
This amplifier works great to power a pair of speakers. No issues with audio quality. I really like how compact the amp is.
This little speaker is awesome. It came really quick using amazon prime and is packaged really well. The speaker itself is a vibrant red color that comes with a charger, clip and a suction cup for easy use. It packs a great sound quality for such a small speaker. Definitely great to throw in the beach bag or shower.
A really good way to organize the cables. Plus, these cable organizers look really nice.
It works perfectly. Charged my jump box over night and it's at full charge again
this product is great for my iPhone phone connected to the tv, very good resolution and it is great, I like it at all, I recommend it, it is very useful to work on the pc and on tv
I'm very suprise about this produce, good sound, noise reducing works great, build-in seems good and cheap price.
Item is as described. Things up.
Came on time, works well.
The Noise Cancelling Headphones is very good, allowing me to do my own thing quietly on the subway bus.
The noise belonged to LED or PC distance between furniture. Noise will show up if put the PC away form device.
Love these buttons. Not difficult to install at all. Just need to be gentle pulling the controller apart. The most difficult part was getting the springs in for the triggers. But after them went in everything was a breeze. They fit and feel great. No button sticking at all which was my biggest fear. Going to be ordering more for my other controller.
Item arrived exactly how it was described.
Very good Apple Watch charger, no more worry about cable when traveling, it's very small and convenient.
Use for RV. Connect,disconnect,..... frequently. Recommend also using with push-on right angle
I haven't heard my albums in long time cuz I have many thing to clean them with worst great recommended well thank you
phew I thought it was fake was gonna return it after downloading few files formated it about 4 time with the right file and got it to work used formated software
Works well. Good signal.
The charging line is in good contact, the charging is stable and uninterrupted, there is no sign of looseness to appreciate the quality material of this line.
This case is excellent for my iPhone X.The phone holder part is well made, phone is held very securely and the finish and quality is good.So still pleased with my purchase.
Looks great for a replacement!
My husband's last iPad cover from Amazon lasted 3-4 years ! This cover may be made even more solid and includes a hole so you can take pictures without taking the cover off like the one it replaced. He is very happy with his purchase.
We absolutely love these! We bought two pairs my daughter's think they are so cool too. And they are great quality!
Has all features needed, plus I can charge my phone and e-book. Some different sounding alarms, also.
First of all, this headphone is so so CUTE! I love the rose pink color! And it is light and easy on the ear! I was worried about its might be too tight for me since I have big head. But it's adjustable! It can fit any head size and it feels real comfortable to wear. Also the sound quality is good for me! Overall, I'm happy with this purchase!
Good weight and heft; unlikely to easily crack or break.
I don't really have to worry about getting wired earphones.
My daughter loves this phone case! Very nice durable product for great price!
Have the as a gift to my sister. She loves them...
Super Happy that I'm the first to review this item. I've been a Bose end user for many years, and am proud to say so. I actually read all of the pro/cons reviews and critiques on the QC 35 II. Found accurate data, so I pulled the plug for two sets. They arrived at 10:00 am the following day. Set up is freaky Fast, zero issue. One time & Done. Here's the Best Part. Put em on. Crisp - Clear - Concise. The sound is superior and I was streaming Pandora on my cell. This works even better when I streamed from a Surface Pro. You can read the specs on why this is called a Quiet Comfort for accuracy, but as I recall it blocks out sounds within like a 100th of a millisecond. All outside sounds, i.e. AC Fan, telephone which is sitting right on my desk is not heard. One of the best purchases I've made from Bose. Going to order a couple more sets for Christmas gifts this year also; Have to share the love.
It does the job well. Not for newer models.
You want to know something...these little speakers are the bomb! I can take them with me wherever I go. The carry case is perfect, the USB cable is just right. They are simple to use (they talk to you), and for what they are the sound isn't that bad. You could easily spend 4 times the cost of these speakers to get a portable speaker that you are most likely not going to enjoy schlepping around (and ISN'T stereo!). These speakers do a pretty good job of separating the sound - for the audiophile you are going to hear drop-offs in the the upper ranges and it's far from true bass, but when you go away for the weekend, for example, and want to bring tunes with you, these guys are the bomb!
Good battery life, excellent sound when plugged in directly. Noise cancellation isn't full range, which is a problem of all of them. A little heavy and tight around the head, and no way to really adjust.
Great price. Works great
I didn't want to write a review until I officially tested these headphones and I have to say that after using them for a few workouts, I'm impressed. Whether it be walking, running, weightlifting, etc these will stay in your ears! That was probably the most impressive thing to me since I had doubts that they would. The audio is very good as well although the bass isn't what I thought it should be. It's there but not as good as some of the other earbuds that I've used in the past. They are made very well though and come with a bunch of extra pieces to help you find the right fit which is a very appealing aspect to buying earbuds from this company.Overall I think these are great and worth giving a chance!
Cheaper than name brand, but seems equal.
Purchased the Westinghouse TV on OfferUp, but the seller lost the remote. I was able to negotiate the price down for the TV, and used the money for the remote. Win-win situation..
Soft cute pink color, true to the color in picture. Small size when folded, makes it easy to store and carry along, my daughter likes it.
Bought as a gift and was well received.
Bought for a long road trip, haven't used yet but seems to be what we were looking for!
just what i needed!!!
very nice look and works well
This is fair for the price. Looks the same as an authentic Iphone head phone. The plastic is a bit thinner but good enough. I just do not like the truth that when you use them you cannot charge you cell at the same time. otherwise these are good ones.
the sound is very high,quality is look to good.I am ready give it to my friends.Hope they will like it!
Seems good material by hand touch , With this you don't have to plug and unplug iphone charger cable everyday,u can just charge through usb port . Very good product, highly recommended.
I thought the price was a little steep until I heard the speakers play. Sound is amazing. Look is great. Compact. Very impressed with sound and look. I wanted to upgrade from my old record player. My old one was cheaply built with plastic platter and fake wood look and sound quality was just bad. I also like that it has separate speakers. It was good for beginner, but I was ready for an upgrade as my vinyl collection has grow quite a bit. I am very glad that I bought the turntable. It is simple and clear, and has completed the task
I love it! It is so cautious and humble. I haven't actually set the "clock" function yet, I just use it as a box. I take care of my 89-year-old father, and when I'm not at home, he's with the people who take care of me, which gives me peace of mind. I love it!
It not only keep things from punching a hole in my speaker, they look good too.
Product was exactly what I was looking for.
Exactly what I needed to keep on hand.
Works great. Well constructed.I particularly like the 90-degree plug.
Awesome sound and comfy!
Use these everyday at work in a noisy environment, block out most noise and allow me to hear my music. The extra bass function is awesome
Bought for my grandkids
No issues working as designed
Long lasting, durable, as described. No issues with them so far, have not had to change them out, use the flashlight regularly, has been two months.
Well, I can tell you it pushes power to whatever I plug in. As far as surge protection goes... I hope I don't find out how well it works
I'm very excited about this antenna. The antenna is light and neat, just like in the picture. The installation is very easy, because my instructions are very clear. As long as everything is connected, the channel can be set on the TV set. And the quality of the picture is really good, very vivid! I don't even need to put the antenna far away from the window or high windows. I just put it in my window.
The length is perfect for our project. Thank you.
I had them in LED candles and change them out regularly. These are very noticeably longer lasting.
Thank you for fast shippment. Cable is perfect for what we need.
Works amazing came super quick the kids love it
These batteries can quickly and have worked well so far. And the price was unbelievable for the amount
I have misplaced my bracing brackets to secure the TV to the Echogear (c bracket and screws which go into tv). I'm curious if Echogear could send accessories or explain how I can order.
It's an awesome backpack really useful and has its perks
Product arrived on time and exactly as advertised.
Quality best I've bought Arrive soon. Careful packing I love the material instead of just a plastic cord. I LOVE how long they are! I can sit in bed while my phone charges without leaning over. We have been using this cord everyday for about a year now. It doesn't feel flimsy or cheap either. The value of the product. I and my wife each one
I got this because my family members also complain about not being able to find a controller, and when they do it being dead, this has made it so much more simple, the controllers have a dedicated spot. Plus they are being charged, ready for them when ever
Used this with a NESPi case so that it will not give me low voltage errors anymore. Seems to be working fine so far.
This was so super easy to install, so small it takes up no room at all. We are so over paying for cable and this has been a great antenna. We are able to get lots of channels. This worked even through a storm when our cable always went out. I would highly recommend this!!
Very well packaged for safe shipment. Easy to use but I couldn't find the power switch right away. Makes sense that it is on side for when it is closed! Good picture and sound quality!
Nice little speaker with great battery life. Took it on a float trip and it survived but we didn't drop it in the water or anything so not positive how water proof it is.
I absolutely love this charger. It's nice and compact and charges my iPhone very quickly. From dead to 15% in 15 mins. That comes in handy if I get home and need to charge my phone before I go out again. Then, I can finish charging my phone in the car. This charger is very pleasing to the eye. It will go nicely in a bedroom or an office. The base is small also. I have another Wireless charger of this brand and the base is a lot bigger. I like this one so much better. If you only have a small amount of space on a counter, desk or night stand it will work great. I highly recommend this product. The seller is very responsive and will answer any questions that you may have. Happy Charging.
This my first Bluetooth earphone and i got what i expected based on the Amazon reviews.
My granddaughter loves how they fit over her ears. The sound quality is amazing. It was very easy to pair with my iPad. They are sturdy and seem like they are built to last. Perfect for any child.
After charging the jump starter for a few hours using the included Micro USB Cable all four of the charge indicator LEDs were green indicating the battery was fully charged. Note: To check the charge status you press the button on top and the LEDs will light up with each LED indicating a 25% charge. So if 3 LEDs showed green then the battery would be at 75% charge.
This product works well and sounds best on older recording like the doors. If you expect great bass or great highs your looking in the wrong place. These are under $10 and acceptable. Buy the, use them. or don't. they work. and well for $8.
Fairly comfortable to wear. Battery lasts 2 full days and charges in the car in half an hour. Easy to use and sound quality is good.
This fitness tracker works really well for me. It can display time, steps and vibrate when I reach 10000 steps. It can reminder you get up and move around after sitting for a while. It's easy to set up with the app. The app will track my progress. I'm very happy about this product. Plus it's my favorite pink color.
I ordered these used beats and they came in perfect condition in the original packaging with all the wires. They looked brand new!!!! I would never have guessed they were used!!!! They work perfectly!!!!
I purchased this headset 18 month ago. It was expensive, but I spend a lot of my day on WebEx meetings so I ditched the cheap headsets and bought this model. The rechargeable battery just now required replacement. It lasted 18 months! Customer service with this company is excellent, they responded to my email within an hour and they are sending a new battery out to me immediately. They even called to check up on me! I feel loved (lol). The wireless range is good enough for me to walk all over my house and even out to the mailbox and still have connectivity. It is lightweight - so I don't get the sweaty ears/headache while wearing them. With a fresh battery - I can get about 8 hours before I need to recharge. I can honesty recommend this headset for business meetings. Sound quality is excellent.
Even with a large head these headphones aren't uncomfortable. Great battery life and Good sound.
great HDMI connectors, would recommend
Up until last month I had an iPhone 5 which wasn't able to charge wirelessly. Now I have a new iPhone and I can finally have a wireless charger. This charger is nice because it has a base, but it doesn't have to be on the base which is nice. It charges my phone quickly and it looks really nice on my end table which is just a nice bonus
These are great headphones. They fit very comfortably in my ear and provide awesome sound quality. It's extremely high def and they are noise canceling as well! The built in mic makes calls easy and convenient
I got this to use my Beats Studio on my PS4. I plug the beats into one of the ports and a mic into the other, it works perfect. Only issue in my application is that I don't have a mute button in-line on my mic, so I just unplug the mic when I want to mute. This product allows you to use your $300 Beats in addition to a lined mic and have the sound quality you really want with your Beats. Fortnite gets loud through the Beats Studio!
Works as expected! Great quality, look and price!
recommended by my friend, he got one thru lightning deal and highly recommended this one, so I purchased one. very good adapter though I missed the lightning deal
it's very fit for my running, I have couple of the earbuds but some of them keep drooping when I workout, and I like this one, since it never drop and the sound quality is pretty good, recommended
Easy to set up. Works well. Sounds great
The sound quality is very good on this sound bar. bass is decent as well. the installation was easy. came with an optic wire or standard tv audio input. batteries not included in remote. bluetooth was easy to set up as well. the receiver for the remote seemed to need a straight line of sight otherwise it will have a hard time registering the signal. Overall, love this addition to my entertainment system
These did the trick. They are well built and are Cat 6a labeled. Not much else to say.
I join all the other raves for this dandy little LAN adapter. Plugged it into an older PC running Windows XP. Inserted the accompanying CD-ROM installation disk, and I was up and running within two minutes! It located our wireless network (I simply entered the password) and it was all seamless and effortless. GREAT reception in our house (using an extended network). HALF the price and twice the value of what you'll find at big box stores! PLUS, this comes with a small docking station so, if you have to, you can position the LAN adapter (your wireless antenna really) for optimum reception.PS the device arrived OVER NIGHT and I've already received a backup email from Mediabridge directing me IF I need any tech support -- which fortunately I don't!Great product, buy NOW with confidence!
Works great, paper thin
I had to purchase new headphones for my college piano course immediately. Shipping was in a timely manner. The sound on my electric piano is very vibrant and clean. The war piece is soft but could use a thicker cushion.
I like to use those to go to the academy! They never fall even for HIIT exercises. Easy to use! The sound can be super loud and won't eat an other noise
Very good antenna and the shipping was very fast. Great job guys!
In our week of Ireland trip , it worked very well , the USB port is a perfect design , flexible, we have 3 devices to insert this product, no bad things happen , comes with a bag , this bag can make they stay together, the products are not too heavy and are suitable for travel.
Amazing speaker for price. Good sound.
It does what it's supposed to I have had it for close to a year and there is no change in picture quality
The cables worked fine
This is a nice little alarm clock. It was very easy to connect to my Alexa and it works great with that. I like that you can change the color of the light and the brightness as well. I also like that it has a built in USB to be able to charge my phone and it has a radio. I like that you can choose either the radio or a sound to set the alarm to. Overall impressed with this little clock!
It took me about a week to really like this speaker. The first couple days, it skipped and cut out when streaming music from my Kindle Fire, which was making me bonkers. I was actually going to return it but kept on reconnecting and pairing until it finally got "used to" the Bluetooth from my Kindle. Now it works great! And it' can get LOUD. A bit too much bass at higher levels and not as balanced sounding, but at a medium-loud level it sounds great.
These are high quality and better price then most I have seen in the stores. My daughter loves these and I plan to get more for my nieces because they are nice. Solid plastic/braded lines.
Well designed and works like expected. Good product.
Does what i wanted, lasts average 2 years on single battery
Worked perfectly with 2010 Sylvania. Turned on and off immediately. I tried several universal remotes which did not work. Very happy!
The clarity is also ok, about two meters is the ideal distance, it is better to be flat when screening, otherwise it will be a little fuzzy.
I've had this headset for about a year and so far it is still working the way it is when I first got it out of the box. One of the best budget headsets I've ever owned
great adapter with multiple usb ports. a bit bulky and didnt work for me in some outlets, but otherwise great product
The speakers were high quality and would 10/10 recommend them. The Bluetooth works perfectly haven't had any problems connecting to them. I'm satisfied with my purchase and will look into other products that you are selling
For the price - extremely good.
Very pleased! Arrived ahead of expected delivery!
Everything about it is perfect including the price!!
Bought the 50ft bundle, really easy cables to work with. Using it for my front height speakers, two thumbs up!
Very pleased with this product. It was exactly what I was looking for when I got my indoor rabbit and need to cover all my wires.
Great headphones. Sound great and the price is reasonable. Packaging was appropriate and it was delivered on time. Be aware, however, that you probably have to buy the adapter. Once i got that these comfortable headphones worked great. I would buy again from this seller.
These were perfect! Just what I needed, Fit nicely in my ears and don't fall out and I've been using it for a long time now !Good sound , good ergonomics & work well ,Very fast delivery and excellent quality. Would order again.
It looks really nice
Syncwire makes the best cables. Period. Came in a nice package. The HDMI cable worked flawlessly on my 4K UHD Blu Ray player connected to my 4K TV. Would highly recommend this product
Works great on my iphone5s . There is a carry bag and different size cushions for the plug.
What can I say? You get what's on the tin and they work just fine.
I was expecting a basic bluetooth speaker. However, the sound is great & works amazingly.
Great sound for such a small speaker. Portable and water resistant. My son loves it!
It's produce clean sounds, loud enough. I'll say about two rooms and a half sound range
There are so many devices that charges via USB nowadays and we had been charging most of them with our PCs and the few USB adapters. Whenever we go traveling we'd inevitably not have enough adapters to charge everything.I love this neat little multi USB charger. It is smaller than my original one, which I bought a couple of years ago, and sits neatly on the shelf and easily supports 5 devices connected at the same time .
So far these earbuds sound good, especially for the price. Have not tried the microphone since this is something I generally don't use.
useful for my problem of connecting speakers to my tv.
Quality was very good, unfortunately the remote did not work for my application. Overall very pleased with seller and remote. Returned promptly though Amazon no hassles
Very good charger. Charges as fast as the original one. Only thing for not giving 5 stars it's because the cord is short, only 3 feet long.
I Save lots of money by bulk ordering these lead batteries for my UPS.
Doesn't feel like I have a case on
The item was shipped and delivered early. It was exactly as advertised and has completely fulfilled my requirements. Thank you so much for your help.
Sorry. I can't think of anything bad to say about this. It did cut off once, but I repositioned it to increase air flow.
I recently decided to get control of my collection of external hard drives and I very quickly ran into the curse of modern HD enclosures - the wall wart power supply. So many bricks! I ended up with power strips plugged into power strips just to get everything plugged in because each brick covered up a minimum of 3 plugs. Even the larger strips with the spread out plugs didn't solve it because I had a LOT of plugs and they normally have 2-4 that are spread out. Not this one. 8 plugs and each of them can take a wart! I was able to move all but two warts (kept them on a different strip for switching reasons) allowing me to power down until I need to use those drives. I also went from 5 power strips to two and no longer have any strips plugged into strips. I will be buying another for traveling use in location video shoots. Highly recommended.
This product has made such a difference , my husband can now hear & enjoy the television & I don't have to listen at an insanely loud volume.
Very excited to have this music mp3 player with for my biking, it helps make the work out seem faster. The touch screen makes it easy to use and change songs, it sounds great, and lasts for me for several days. You can even watch a movie on it!
This product is brilliant. It uses USB power to boost the signal. I bought this to replace my cheap eBay TV antenna. This antenna is much more sturdy and well built, doesn't feel cheap at all. I plug the USB cable to the spare port on the TV. You can also plug into the wall with the adapter that came with, if you don't have a spare port. The additional boost makes a BIG difference!! I live in Houston Texas and after I plugged in this antenna and re-did the channel search, an additional 20 to 30 channels were picked up immediately and they are good quality as well. Noticeably is the ABC channel that I could not pick up with the old antenna. All other channels also became more clear thanks to the stronger signal with the help of the USB booster. It is well worth the money. I wish I bought this sooner.
great headphones and they work really well . Had a little trouble at first but the seller fixed my problem and I couldn't be more happy can't wait for my new headphones to arrive!!! The seller was very Curtious and polite when the issue was addressed and sent out a replacement free of charge! Definitely recommend! And the battery lasts for a very long time
Good purchase. Outside during summer it's perfect for us.
Like the fact that it retains its charge for several days. Much better than original battery.
Very good and charges my S9+ quick even while using Waze when I am driving. Great find!!!
It actually does works, but still it is awkward and confusing trying to manipulate the controllers and also it blocks some part of the screen, but that depends on which phone you got, iPhone users will be just fine, but my infinity display on my S9+ with these controllers, Idk, I'm a beginner with these controllers, so I'll give them a chance, if I see it doesn't suit me, then I will update my review with my final thoughts about it. Still the price it's great. =)
Delivered quickly and completely. Bottles work well and will be convenient for my next trip out of town.
I am an avid retro-gamer on PC. I have a huge collection of controllers of varying levels of cost and quality. The SN30 Pro is hands-down one of the most well-built controllers I have ever had the pleasure of using. Buttons are responsive, shoulder and trigger placement is natural, and turning it on and off for use with bluetooth connectivity is a breeze. The only gripe (and it is a minor one) is that for gamers with large hands you may find occasionally that your right thumb brushes against the left analog stick when playing SNES or other games that make heavy use of the B and Y buttons. It's an extremely minor annoyance and only worth mentioning because I feel like if you're going to spend 40+ bucks on a controller for your PC retro-gaming you should know this up front. Otherwise, it has been incredible so far and I look forward to years of using it.
AMazing.. love the way it looks and it is compact.
Brilliant sound and great receiver.
Everything worked just great as reviewed !
Great product works well
I just would like to report that these are excellent, and feel like a quality product. These great features at a price that is totally affordable. I am so glad that I picked this particular brand to put in my cart. Excellent choice.
For such a small speaker this speaker packs a big punch! I will be getting another one.
Works fine with my ps4. I like the fact that it is gold-plated with a price similar to ones that aren't. Seems to be of very solid build quality.
Really nice sound quality and are super cute.
The quality of the product is amazing. The price point was perfect
This is great clock for young ones. My grandson love the fact that he can program not only the time, but also the date and that there is a room temperate on the clock. Now he knows if it is really too cold or not.
Very easy to operate, get connected within seconds, and voice clarity is amazing!
its well in the ear and the sound is good.
I've only been using these a week, but so far I am impressed. The best feature is the long battery life as I listen to music/audiobooks all day long. The other bluetooth headphones I've owned would only last ~5 hours, meaning I had to have two pairs to last through a full workday which is very inconvenient and led to me always returning to wired headphones (for some reason, I""m extremely hard on wired headphones and I can never get them to last more than a few weeks). So, I am extremely pleased that the advertised 9 hour battery life is actually true! In addition, the microphone seems to be clear as well - people I've talked to say it sounds like I am on a landline whereas they always complained about my other headsets. Finally, they are comfortable and music sounds great. The only issue I've had so far is occasional disconnects from my phone for no apparent reason. Keeping my fingers crossed that these will last!
I have led motion lights in my cabinets to help make life a bit easier, but every month or so I have 32 AAA to charge up. I have a pair of these and they make life way easier instead of swapping out 4 at a time on my old charger, granted that guy charged 4 up about twice as fast as this one charges 16, but I just take them all out on saturday night and pop them all back in on sunday morning.
Best wireless earbuds ever. I have an old pair from Treblab from about 3-4 years ago that just now started having issues so ordered these new ones. I have not been disappointed, they are tiny, sound quality is actually amazing even with bass, and they sync instantly when taking out of charging case.
Glad I ordered. Works great
This works just as it says. Took mins to get hooked up. Great for extending our wifi to our upstairs. Would highly recommend.
Good sound. Design is nice too
Fits perfectly and helps to fix the bass problem and fix seal, so much so that they almost sound the same as my ATH-M50X (studio grade headphones)
I had been using a 3.5 mm/ USB power to lightning splitter/adapter with an iPhone X. The splitters don't last very long. This lets me charge my phone and connect to the car radio aux input. The bluetooth connection works great and hooks up every time I power the Taotronics adapter on.
The mirror dash cam comes well packaged. The video quality is outstanding! I personally like the features of stream media, it makes this dash cam different from others.I can check more as I drive.I used have one other brand dash cam, but that dash cam went off many days ago, so I plan to get this one. Compared to other dash cam, this one is the best I have got ever. It was easy to install and the interface is very user friendly,if you do not know how to install it, you can check the Youtube videos. It covered my rearview mirror perfectly. This dash cam can both record the front and the rear, it make things much easier,it can also work as backup camera. I like the features that it can change the angle when backing up. I plan to buy a second one for my wife car,you know,it is a good choice than the others.
This Bluetooth headband is a very updated design! I use it when taking my break time, just simply to connect it to my cellphone and enjoy songs. Haven't tried it for running but will definitely try in the future. Overall 5 stars.
It's quite a good idea to mount cable box or camera. This shelf is realy simple to install and study, no tool required, easy to mount on top of my flat screen TV in a minute. Holding the DVD player and cable box firmly, I'd like to order two more for another tv in my house. The anti-skid pad is gread to avoid item from slipping off the shelf.The support arm is flexiable and sturdy with multiple locking angles, so suits most flat TV's even curved screen monitors.
This product is awesome. I usually use it to listen to relax melodies while taking a nap.
Works well. Wish it fit in my iPad cover like the adapter that came with my pen did, but otherwise very happy with the purchase.
I discovered open back headphones a few years ago. I got them because I need to be able to hear what's going on in the room I'm in while I still wanted great quality sound. A bonus is while closed headphones make it sound like the source of the sound is within your head, open backed headphones sounds like you're within the same environment as the noise. It's not really a better or worse thing just personal preference. Anyways I like it. My previous 2 pairs of open backs are Grados. They're good but I wanted to try something new. Both of my grados had cords that ended up breaking on me. I saw the cord on these can be changed. HUGE bonus, I'll be able to just swap in a new cord when they break. But what I didn't anticipate is how much better the build quality are on these. Also I find them more comfortable. The Grados are alright but I think I'm converted to Sennheisers.
I wanted shorter satellite speaker cables for my Vizio 5.1 sound bar and these are excellent quality. They feel premium and I've noticed no loss of sound quality.
The item is sturdy and it does exactly how it was advertised. The devices fit quite well in the outlet wall mounts.
Very good, suitable for my car. I like it very much. The quality of this charger base is very good, especially for wireless chargers. I like it very much.
These allow me to use the micro-usb cables I already have and saved the expense of buying extra cables...love them
Used these as the back 2 speakers in the ceiling for a 7.1 surround sound setup. Very easy to install, although a bit nerve-racking to cut such a big hole in the wall! They sound great!
Worked as described.
Product arrived in good time. The packaging was such that the product wasn't damaged during shipping and I am satisfied with my purchase. It works for my needs. Five stars.
Best in the class. Sound is amazing. Very portable with easy to adjust equalizers and Bluetooth connectivity for desired sound. Quick delivery. Recommended!
Great wire, great company. I always forget these guys are in my city until I get the package with their address on it.
I put the batteries in (it does not come with batteries) and immediately began using the old Vizio television we had in storage.
Fast shipping and work perfect
It's a great product
Amazing new technology for the future ! ! Can you imagining that wearing such a intelligent device on your head ?! It's runing smoothly and playing very well ! !
works great. easy to install and i've had no issues since i bought it
Works great and the antenna it came with is better than the Nagoya I bought for it.
Very impressive packaging. Neat and well thought out. If you want a better that average cord pic this
Besides it being a little bulky it is totally worth the money! Easy to connect to your phone and the sound is great!
These are great and work well. Got two of them for half the price of one from DirecTV or Wal-Mart. I didn't really need two, but at that price it was worth having a spare.
They work just fine.
Very nice, came fast and is a super deal for the price . My phone is back to fast charging these cords are awesome, durable and stylish.
Super portable & the sound quality is great! Outdoors & indoors the bass comes through! I've owned much more expensive speakers with less sound! Great buy!
Used for college student. Liked most for durability and price. I bought this for my son that is a first time college student. And also very hard on backpacks. Lol. During his senior year we bought him many brand name backpacks costing much more than this one and within a couple weeks each one would be torn up. My son was instantly impressed with this backpack and how it was made! It's comfort and padding made it easier to carry. I will update this review in the next few months as school year goes.
Good sound quality,bass not to bad for size. Surround and dialogue functions actually work well. Big improvement over tv speakers.
this is one of the the good product that i have bought so far. noise cancelling is just awesome..foldable which just cool....it can be adjusted easily.....is is just comfortable and very much convenient to use .....i liked it...its better bluetooth headphone..!!!
My daughter loves this
Saves us a cable bill! Installed in attic and we get 60 channels in the Chicago area.
This works very well.charges my phone quick.
I'm so happy to received this product,useful and convenient,highly recommended
MY remote fell in the dishwater! They are not water proof!
It is very convenient to use, and I like it very much. The gift I bought for my son is very fast in logistics, so he will like it very much.
These earphones are great, and my son absolutely loves them. The customer service with this company is top notch!
The earbud is quite good for the price. Fits comfortably in the ear, sound quality is good compared with my previous ones from another brand. It works well when doing workouts, won't drop out. I like the way how it fits into the case, and charging is pretty quick.
Just put them in my dead phones and they went on right away.
Everything is perfect I thus far have no complaints. The camera is perfect the fingerprint reader as well and it works perfect! I use the company at&t and it works just fine!
I like the material used in the cord.
It arrived quickly. It worked on the first try. Hooray! My TV is very old so I was expecting to have to have trouble getting it to work.
I use these daily for recording and listening to audio files and music. The construction is plastic, not the best quality. Sometimes the battery flap opens, but for the price I paid, well worth it! Night noise reduction as well when I'm trying to block out the world. Again, not top of the line but I got them for a great price on Amazon!!
Plenty of room for those large plugs.
Even though in the description of the product it says for kids and teens then work great for everyone
Bought this for my car so that my phone would charge while being used for navigation on long journeys. It charges well for although not, but having driven for 7 hours recently, with the phone on the whole time, it charges enough! Also like the fact that it's wireless charging as it's one less thing to faff about with when setting off and be used with different phones. Worth a bit extra for the charging functionality- very happy!
This works perfectly with standard 3.5mm headphones. No loss of volume with my oneplus 7.
This soundbar is very nice. It easily connects to either aux or Bluetooth, making it very easy to use. Great sound, gets very loud. Good quality build overall!
This Bluetooth earbuds is well-designed. It's easy to connect to the phone, and the sound is also very nice. It is also convenient to charge and once charging, it can be used for a really long time. It is a good product to take when going out. I like it！
It lags a bit slower than original but does everything right like original so perfect for the price
The battery was going on my 2007 iRobot Dirt Dog and would run for 20 minutes or less. This replacement battery works perfectly and the iRobot runs like new again.
This is the one that you want. Its compact and complete. Just took it to Italy with a stop in Germany. I had a different one last year that was needlessly bulky. It easily handled our many charging options at the same time; two phones, tablet and camera!
This product is perfect! I have two sets of joy cons and before I could only have one set charge on the switch at a time. Now I always have charged controllers!
I purchased 2 of these and have used them since I received. We are always having power outages and these work great for our short term needs.
Beautiful!!!! It easy to use. And easy to bring. Clear voice and bring to me good music.
Wonderful! Works perfect for my needs.
Came quickly; packaged very well. Seems to hold up as well as original batteries
I read all the reviews and decided on this one. I love being able to see whats coming off my albums. The cleaner that comes with doesn't last very long but that's the case with most of these. Happy with purchase.
Fits and works great ! Great value !
I can watch live sports again, and I am really excited about that. This antenna combined with our Prime video (streaming Thursday night football beginning next week!!),
These are very well made "Y" adapter cables that I used to connect my 2 channel stereo receiver to a sub woofer. They fit very well-not too tight and not too loose and look quite durable. I recommend them.
Great price and quality!
Works as good as original.
The cable arrived on time and worked as expected. Quality of materials was good and should last a good long time.
My husband loves that it has noise cancellation and last long even after his working hours, easy to place in the charging station
Product worked fine until it failed in the 5th month. However, the supplier was quickly responsive to my inquiry and provided a replacement in a very timely fashion. I raised this review to 5 stars because of the customer service. Unfortunately the product was not compatible with my system.
I needed a reliable/not crazy expensive CD/LP player, and this one was perfect! The built-in speakers are just fine, but I connected it to a receiver and it sounds great. Exactly what I needed!
Great sound! They really stay put during sweaty workouts - put them in and no slipping out.
Nice secure watch band. Color went very well too with rose gold colored watch.
Has held up older 32 inch lcd for months. Easy to install, easy to use, even works in my corner.
Compact and very sturdy. Great to have all tablets and phones in a single place for charging.
Got a lot of complements from my coworkers.
Awesome budget earphones, quality sound. Very happy with purchase.
I use the Roku Ultra. It's a great streaming unit but does not support anything but HDMI. My surround sound system has either a digital input or and RCA input. This was the gadget I needed to run both my TV and my sound system.
Easy install and perfect execution!
This works just like advertised. It was great. We could listen to music while charging the phone. Worked great and cheaper than what you can find in other places
Probably one of the best charging stands on the market for the price. As long as you don't leave the controllers on the charger they shouldn't overheat or lose battery life and the battery life is great for hours of gaming
Fire some reason, these are difficult to find at local stores. But, that seems to be where Amazon shines. Anyway, these cables allow you to extend a HDMI outlet. They lock up tight to the cable our device you plug them into. Good stuff.
This thing is AMAZING! I can't wait til we can really use it once we move into our house with a movie room!
The unit I have has reasonable selectivity and typical sensitivity at its price. Small enough to fit in pocket. The speaker performance is better than using the earphone output. I pick up most of my local AM and FM stations. Really love this radio. So worth it. 1. Compact Size. 2. Good reception. 3. Speaker audio is decent. 4. Headphone experience is very good on FM. 5. LCD Display. 6. Clock. 7. Sleep Function I would recommend!
Fits like a charm. Made my controller seem cooler. The buttons are freaking pointless though. Like super pointless. Otherwise cool.
arrived on time and in good condition's.
Indispensable to me and the best gadget I bought. Maybe include better instruction manual however YouTube helped. The quality of the hardware is great and once you understand how to use it it's the easiest thing to use!
I finally received the product, the packing was strong enough - five star.I do not charge it at first (I thought it can play the music), connected it by iPhone and tried its sound, it's ok, no noise and sound was clear - four star.Pressed the button, I think controlling by phone is batter - four star.This speaker is protable, not heavy - five star.
We've only used it once. Many of the newer TV's do not have a VGA port. Many older laptops only have a VGA port. We need to get around that and this device did that with no problems.
A little big but perfect it does the job it protect my headphones
Absolutely perfect. True rose gold. I bought it to match my rose gold beats headphones & I love it.
These are convenient for my morning jobs. The magnet keeps them from jumping around on me. They work great with no static or loss of sound. I'm also not interrupted by outside noises.
works great, love this product!!
The Flipper remote was easy to program and my mom was quickly able to have a little control of the tv again!
This works great for mobile headphones to connect them to a PC.
Great product, fits great and soft.
Bought as extra batteries for my Worx trimmer. They work great.
Meets my business needs.
I've just received this and it came quick and was exactly what I ordered.
Probably works better than the original and really low cost. The batteries corroded in the original and had to find a replacement. This is great.
These 3D glasses work great with my PS4 and BenQ projector. Clear picture, easy to use and does what it says it's supposed to. Pleased with the purchase. Now have four and have no issues outside of the nose piece being a little flimsy...but I can live with that for the money.
I had to return this because the headset I bought to put in it was not right for me. The case is sturdy and will certainly protect a headset. The inside top has netting to put small pieces, cords, instructions and whatever other accessory you want for the headset.
Great quality! Just what we needed! Fit was good, easy to take on and off. We have it by our pool area and great knowing TV is protected when not in use.
Cables are nicely constructed and love the braid clip...BUT they are NOT FAST! They take forever to charge my phone. UPDATE...was using the cord in a loaner car. Just got car back and cord works perfectly!!! Changed rating to reflect current satisfaction! Perfect Purchase.
We bought this cable to hook up a 4k tv to a 20 year old home theater unit. The cable delivers great sound.We are very well pleased. Thanks KabelDirekt.
Liked: super quick fulfillment and solid quality
If you have a trailer and do any boondocking this is a must. I have purchased multiple items from Victron. They are all amazing quality. Cant go wrong with anything from this company.
Must have for switch owner to travel around very nice and compact with all functionality and port as original dock
I love the convenience of the case I can clip it on my purse or my pocket. The watch band AirPod holder is super nice too when I'm not near my AirPods carrier. I wasn't a fan of the headphone adapter bc my AirPods stay in pretty good on their own. I would recommend!
I love the case and everything that came with it. The case makes it easy to clip on to my purse my keys or what ever I hang my EarPods on. I love the inserts they work well in my ears and the connects Help as well
Amazing quality! Especially for this price!
Great, great batteries. Arrived on time and packaged well. Thank you Maxell.
Had to get a back up. Great choice. Charges quickly just like my original. Cord feels strong and the charging tip fits tightly. Works perfect!
Beautiful appearance design and very good sound quality without any noise, very comfortable to wear! The charging box is small and portable, especially recommended！
I use this product with an iPad based photo booth that travels across the country. As you can imagine, lots of finger prints ends up the screen. This cloth works as advertised, and the container makes it even easier to keep up with it. I recommend it!
Perfectly fits my Surface Pro with the Type Cover attached. It feels secure, is slim enough to travel easily, and the zippered outer pocket is perfect for storing my Arc mouse and Surface Pen.
Easy to use. I use they when I jogging. They very fit my ears.
Works great and allows me to play my commercial free music through any device with a war phone plug
when you power up a new device it switches automatically which is really cool i like that.
This backpack is awesome!
Came fast and worked
I order this as a gift for Christmas. I was happy with the way it looks and the packaging.
Works great! Took it on a recent trip and was an absolute necessity since the GoPro batteries only last about an hour each. It was really important to be able to charge multiple batteries at the same time.
Works great, and picture quality is great on my Samsung 4k TV!
Great purchase to protect my AirPods!
Plain but very pretty
This is a great little mic to record voiceovers on my Powerpoint slides. I use it with my Ipad and my MacBook when recording lectures. It really eliminates ambient background noice and just focus on my voice.
This is my second time buying these headphones and I really recommend them they fit snugly into my ears and I really enjoy the sound quality on them. My first paid lasted over a year and I've never had headphones do that, even expensive ones.
So far, so good. We took this to the beach where is was dropped in the sand/water and it still works great. Awesome sound quality!
It is the nicest best reception and sounding small box I have found. I returned 2 other types but this one is a keeper so far.
Absolutely love these earbuds! I love the option of only needing one or both earbuds if you so desire. They cancel out noise so well! I have extremely small ears for an adult and I couldn't believe these fit without causing me a ton of pain! It's so nice to be able to pair one to my phone and the second to my sons phone so we can both listen to our own stuff! He loved them so much that I had to buy this pair in order to not constantly be looking for them! They have a pretty decently long range also. I love that the case charges the earbuds. I usually only have one in but if I'm in the middle of something and one dies I just pick up the other and replace while the other is charging. Generally I find that it really only takes a good hour or so to recharge which is a plus!!! Thanks for the great product
Excellent item, appears to be well made, labels are easily read. The items installs easily. I have only been using a couple days so hoping the durability holds up. Nice item.
these work very well, hold a decent charge and sound good
It works great. I was excited to get it.
The sound quality is great! Very user friendly. Follow the direction! My laptop didn't recognize the player when I first plugged it in. Unplugged it plugged back in and it work like a charm. Drag and drop music files. Highly recommend. Very small but can read the screen clearly.
The material is comfortable around my head and my face. It is easy to sync to my phone and use it. I also like the fact that I was able to answer the phone and talk without having to pick-up my phone. The bass is not top notch but it is good for the price. The only slight negative thing is I have to stretch the band a bit to get the speakers to fit my ears. It takes a bit to get use to locating all buttons.
Bought over a month ago and still working perfectly. For the price, this seemed quite sturdy and well made.
SATISFIED WITH PRODUCT THATS WHY I KEEP ORDERING.
It is the best headphone ever made.
Works as described. Thank you!
Material quality and size makes it excellent for traveling. Current size is not exactly what you can imagine in the Amazon site Good service from the seller.
Great kids headphones! Really easy to set up and my daughter says it is very comfortable. Great sound and quality!
My son was going to college and needed an extra cable. I was pleased with this cable. So much so I bought the 6 foot Anker cable for myself and also purchased the two port Anker charger for my new iPod.
Lost the original, or my cat hid it. Was ecstatic to find exactly what I needed on Amazon.com. I had already bought a couple of Universal remotes locally, and they didn't work.
Overall a great product. However, no indication as to length of time battery will run out except near ending with voice message.
I have been using this for about 7-8 months now and have had absolutely no problems. This cord is what you need. My sister is very satisfied with these cables. They are very long, and they are quickly charged. It is very convenient to use a mobile phone when charging. They are of great value if they are of good quality. The packing is very good. Second days to arrive. Satisfactory service Would purchase again. I love these lightening cables.
But, I put the antenna up against the wall, and ran the scan. It worked wonderfully. Not only all the broadcast locals in HD, but also a number of other lesser stations. Very easy set up. And I suspect the amplifier is one of the reasons it pulls in so well, without having access to an outer window. I am a very happy camper.
Easy to use and sounds great!
item was as described
i have an x box and ps4 and use these to play my games. the sound quality is good they can hear me at the other end. they suit my purposes the way i need them to
We had a remote without a cover and found out very quickly we needed one. We tend to knock the remote around a lot and ended up cracking the last one. We put this cover on and not o lot did it cover the cracks and allow us to continue to use the old remote, but it's protected it from further damage.
Does what it should. Good variety of adaptors
I have been using these for several months and have no issues. It works as original product from Apple! 6ft is just perfect length for me since my plug is pretty far from my nightstand. Overall, I am really satisfy with this purchase.
Just what I expected to fit my watch. Will be going back to the old fashioned windup watches....
Was a little hesitant about purchasing these as the prices out there really range in price but im glad i did...best 3d picture
Use in my rangefinder (golf). Works well.
The battery turned out to fit our needs perfectly and so far running great!
My husband received this product and it was too small. He called the company and within two days they had sent him extensions. We were very pleased with the prompt service.
Works well for me when I am camping. Cord could be a little longer.
I'm satisfied with it thoroughly
the battery seems to be holding up nicely. I've only had the battery for a month, so have no idea as to how long it will last.
Works great in the Orlando metro area. The paper construction has warped a bit from humidity, but so far no impact on performance.
Dropped my phone in a 8 foot pool. Still works great. It was down there for about 3 mins too.
I like how compact it is. Sounds great. Easy hook up..
I recently ordered these headphones and was very surprised! I have never used high-quality headphones before and I didn't know how good they could be! I figured that they would be similar to all of those dollar store headphones if you know I'm talking about! I opened the nice box and the black leather container and pulled out the headphones. The moment I put them on my ears I knew I loved them! They have a nice metal and plastic finish and are surprisingly heavy, but not too heavy. I tried the noise cancellation and showed a family member the ANC. They were shocked! It literally cancels out everything! We were driving on a bumpy gravel road and I couldn't hear anything except for the music that was playing! The sound quality is great! It is also very loud! I generally like my music quiet so I would recommend lowering the volume limit in iOS so that you have more control in the lower levels of volume. Definitely a wonderful headset and I highly recommend it! The noise cancellation feature blew my mind!
Like the fact that I don't have to search for a phone charger every time phone or tablet needs charging. Power strip works well too. No complaints at this time...
Look very expensive!!
Like any other battery
I love that this product is hard shell. You can drop it with your tribe it in it and nothing will happen to the speaker.
It is easy to install and set up.. It is perfecr to keep track of where your vehicle is or where it had been. Its is just perfect
Great for the price. Very good product
I broke my headphones for the gym and decided to give these a go. I loved the feel and quality right out of the box! The transferable smaller earbuds that were included made me very happy. My gym workouts have been great with these on. They stay put and produce great workout tunes with no outside noise. I can't stand hearing people grunt at the gym..haha! The extras were a definite bonus and I already used the waterproof bag in the pool on vacation! It worked great too!
Just a good company.
I love it!! So portable when you compare to other 2000 Watts converters I have seen around. I definitely recommend this one.
I have a little older HP 8100 Elite Tower running WIndows 10 that needed USB 3.0 ports. I plugged this one in and turned on and didn't have to do anything. Looked in the device manager and there it was. Also bought a fast USB network adapter and plugged it in to the new adapter and same. No drivers to install and worked instantly. Would recommend as easy to install and instantly functional. It has 4 ports and works seamlessly.
Perfect headphones for my 5 year old to use with his Kindle, able to take a little rough wear and tear.
Fantastic product!! I love the convenient and stylish carrying case. It comes with all the necessary products to clean and maintain my electronics from my iPhone to my laptop. Great buy.
Everything looks great, the colour wasn't perfect but you can change it in PS4 so it looks better, which isn't an issue for me, like it!!!
I'm using it for a headphone connection for the TV. Works fine and sounds good too.
Really good worked like a charm
Good product as described.
Great for neatly storing my RV hoses and extension cords. I'm sure there are plenty of other applications for it as well
This is my second wireless charger but this one is a different brand and works better. This charger works quickly and is small and easily mobile.
Because I Love my music and I am very seldom without a way to listen to my favorite tunes. I spend a lot of time outdoors by myself and have been using my old iPhone 4 as my music player. Oh
This product performed as represented on a recent trip to Italy and Spain.
This is such a great deal for this remote...
I have installed plenty of this type of mounts and this was the best, easy to mount and great price would recommend to any one needing a TV mount.
This cleaner was a little strange when I used it the first time. Just the feel and the way it's to be used felt awkward. HOWEVER - once I got the “feel” for it and figured out how much pressure to apply the roller to the vinyl, I was actually VERY-VERY impressed!! My albums are lint & static free now! Nice product!
Just as it's supposed to be!
Good earphones, battery last pretty long. I'm satisfied with this purchase.
You will read that two people are needed to assemble this. I am 67 years old and had no problem. However, I deviated from the instruction to turn over the unit to put the backs on. Rather, I carefully first stood the unit up, and then used masking tape to tape the two back panels in place, the bottom one first. A couple nails secured it. Then I did the same with the top panel. It is a bit tricky, but you can do it. Then I just shimmed the unit into position. I did this on a cement floor, so you may need to adjust for carpet or other surfaces. Also, this unit has VERY sturdy shelves about 1/2 inch think, so there is no bending from the weight. I am most satisfied and I ordered a second one right away.
Incredible headphones! This literaly solved my problem with regular wired headphones. This guys make my life easier especially at the gym. Reccommended to my friends!
This cord is perfect. Plugged it into a vintage technics receiver in the CD ports and it played through both my laptop and phone with YouTube, Spotify, Pandora, and iTunes. The cables have heavy duty gold plated RCA ends that are a nice tight fit with no extra noise. I would definitely recommend these above the other brands.
It was very good. Easy to put up 😎👍
I purchased this tracker due to my daughter being a new driver and concerns about her safety. It took seconds to install and I am not a tech wiz. I dowloaded the app to my phone and can also track using my laptop. Within minutes from installation, the tracker synced with the app and I was able to track her car. It allows me to see her speed, received notifications if there is sharp turning or braking, and also provides a history of where she has been. I can get exact coordinates of her location and times which has already come in handy in a big way. We received a call from the police department that there was an accident and the person who was driving hit another vehicle and drove away. The vehicle was similar to my daughter's and she was in the same town when the accident occurred! I was able to pull up the tracking history and see she was not in the same location where the accident occurred at that time through the tracker. Also, her vehicle did not show any damage thankfully. The tracker saved us a lot of hassle and concern. PS She is unaware the tracker is on her vehicle. If for some reason it is removed, we would be notified as well as the unit will send a message that it has been tampered with. Overall, very pleased with this product.
Adds a cute personalized touch to my AirPods! I love it. I only use the case though. Not the earpiece covers or the sports strap. Also protected the charging port and my AirPods from getting liquid on/in them from when my boyfriend spilled his drink on the table which they were sitting on! So very protective too!
Everything is working , mic is recording although the cone is smaller than a normal condenser it still works for the price
Worked well while I was running in the rain. Steady and doesn't fall with a noise cancellation. Love it.
Kind of big but sturdy, good sound and range i better than most.
Absolutely loved these for my soaps!
I have an 8 year old Toshiba laptop which still works just fine. The only problem was that the battery was completely dead so that if I even unplugged it to move it somewhere else it crashed. So, I decided to try a new battery. Though a tad skeptical because of some of the reviews I bought this one. It has worked great! It holds the charge just fine. Though I have not tested exactly how long it lasts it has not given me any issues to date!
purchased for a birthday gift and my nephew claims these are the best ones yet. he was so excited. possibly his favorite gift!
Exactly as advertised - worked instantly!
For a to go bag. Works really good!
These headphones a solidly made with great sound quality. The noise cancelling function works perfectly.