Not 3 pieces just one sheet
Cute but definitely for a small child. My 6 year old grand daughter didn't want it because it wasn't a real violin.... :(
This camera is a piece of shit.... won't connect to Wi-Fi, instructions are not clear at all and not contact information for cs to get help. Fucking waste of time. Annoyed that Amazon had this a featured product. It doesn't deserve even 1 star
There's where holes in almost a quarter of the silver ones I'm so disappointed I had to find a party city around me smh
Only 9 figurines arrived and 1 was broken.
Look awesome and help your wheelies a lot, when the tires stay on! I read the reviews about losing tires very easily so I glued them before I even installed them on my Stampede. Lost one a week later. For $20 it is a waste. Save your money for a better upgrade.
This company Home Online third party seller refuses to give your money back when a package is lost or missing. They are no help and dont care for the customer happiness.
Engine does not shoot. Faulty piece. Boxes it and procrastinated the return, but Amazon blocked the return. This sucks!!
Only were able to use 3. The rest had holes in them.
This was my child's favorite toy she got for Christmas... for 3 weeks. Then it broke in half. She is 3.5 and a confident walker, so this is not an issue of undue pressure on the cart. The legs snapped in half. Same spot and issue as almost every other complaint. It is not worth the money saved when it is only used for 3 weeks. Either don't get a shopping cart or splurge on a better quality one. Just don't waste your money on this one!
Everything is wrong, not fun and highly overpriced
The product I received was not what I ordered. I ordered the camo bags and got just black ones. WHY?
The foam adhesives look so old and raggedy. Nothing like the pictures. Like its been sitting in storage for so long or they were previously used. I would return it but its not worth it. Will not be ordering this again. Very disappointed.
Cheap and keeps breaking
Not really sure what to say. Was expecting a decent sized toy. After opening it and setting it up, it was a major disappointment. Super small everything. The picture in the box is very misleading and if I could give it ZERO stars I would. Package says 3 and up. My normal sized 3 year old towers over this thing.
One arm is falling off on day 2...
The voice is too low. The first one did not last more than 1 month, the second one i ordered has a very low sound.
I'm not one that needs to have bells and whistles on every toy I buy my granddaughter, but this was just not designed well. It's supposed to be a recycling truck - so you should be able to put things into it and dump them out. Not designed well.
Ordered this product waited a week and a half never received it. Delivery date kept getting pushed back. Which is sad never even received a tracking number. Amazon took care of me but wanted to warn others just Incase you order and don't receive the product.
Returned product , it was destroyed in shipment
Very poor quality. Our six year old son received on X-mas morning, by lunchtime everything but the ice cubes had broken. Bought a better quality whoopie cushion at the dollar store.
Broke the first time my son turned it on.
TRUCK DID NOT WORK... NO LIGHTS, NO SIREN.....ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WORKED ON CHRISTMAS DAY. NOT EVEN AFTER BUYING NEW BATTERIES.
Did not work at all. Was a gift for a child.
Loses packages on the road. Sucks
The mask is not black. It is white. I assumed I was received the color I received and 5 additional ones for the cost. Others are much cheaper for the one listed. I'm waiting on a response from the seller and will update when I get it.
Don't waste your money. Cheap cheap cheap!
The product was not worth purchasing. I had to reglue the cupcake stars onto the sticks.
Seriously????? The A it's wrong!!!!
I didnot receive the item, so I emailed the seller to inquire the status. However, after sending couple emails to the seller, I didnot get any response from the seller.
You can't even pick up these balls without crushing them.
This is happening too many times, receiving the wrong item. I received the wrong book before and now I received the wrong puzzle. I kept the puzzle because I did not have it. Again I am very disappointed with Amazon.
Useless. It continually gets punctures along the seem which are very difficult to patch. I'm 4 patches in at this stage and have given up. Overall I think I got about 30mins use out of this thing before the punctures started. Then I spent about 3 hrs identifying & fixing various punctures. What a waste of $50.
Sound and lights come on but he doesn't pop out to take the coin. Bummer.
Very cheap, no instructions. What is the point to these?
It's too big for the Radio Flyer swing which I bought it for. This is more for the industrial type swings you see in the parks.
These are cute, but many of the tips of the pinwheels were bent, and NINE of the sticks were missing. I don't have time to return these and reorder so my event is just going to be short nine pinwheels.
Very cheap, it breaks easily... the material is cheap
THE PRODUCT SENDING THE "SELLER" IS DIFFERENT AND OF MUCH LOWER VALUE THAN THE ONE PUBLISHED.
I really like the size of this puzzle because my little one can grab the knobs with ease; however, this puzzle falls apart within minutes of use. Poor quality. Its as though the puzzle is made of paper. (maybe it is) I had to take it away from my little one because she was just eating little pieces of the puzzle as they came off. Really disappointed. Maybe this item should be suggested for older children.
Broke within 5 minutes of opening. Total trash.
This was awful. I returned it.
Was very excited to have found these online as 3 yo birthday party was being planned. Went to have them filled at the local party store THE DAY BEFORE THE PARTY and the seals were too low for them to even get filled. So, now had to put out more money for something already purchased and have to await refund after having to ship them back after the holiday weekend. Very frustrating and makes for an unhappy grandma.
Never received them very disappointed they was a gift for my kids
The zipper broke after 2 uses. A total disappointment.
I do not like this it's hair falls off and the helmet hair Is even worse. The hammer is so hard to put into his hands. It is very big. Bought this for my son and he did not like it at all. Returning this.
It never was delivered.
Received the wrong product, had to return and wait for refund to turn around and hope that I receive the unicorn as ordered originally
I put this on my expensive pop and it scratched the paint of the crease of the box. so not happy
Bought this for my 10 year old son's birthday. It broke within one hour. It just stopped moving. To send it back Is at the customer's expense, almost as much as the cost of the product. No thanks.
THIS BROKE THE FIRST TIME I USED IT. I love the design but within a couple hours it was deflated. I inflated it back up again and clearly it was broken. Now, I have a broken pool toy, threw out the box because I bought it over a month ago and just put tin the water. so disappointed. cheap product
Not enough feet for pricing
never received this product
The balloon came with a hole
Its so sticky! My son is obsessed with play doh but when he plays with this stuff i basically have to scrub his hands and change his clothes when hes done. He likes to put it on his little cars and i have to scrub those to get it off. Just go to the store and buy it. This stuff is weird!
Died on the first day. (Christmas)
Item was very attractive..but did not work properly .. very disappointed !!!
All the paint discs had fallen out of the container when this arrived.
This product is USED!!! I am returning! Pieces and manuals missing!!!
Wrong item sent. Received a pink dinosaur.
These Were a Waste Of Time And Expense! They Never Stayed Up And Yes We Followed The Directions!!
Why would you send these in a little zip lock baggy loose? It was poorly packaged for the price and they almost got lost.
I bought these because I was on a budget and I wanted puppets. The are poorly made. Some of the mouths don't move correctly. I wanted to sell them, however, my mentor suggested that I could use them as an example for people who may have problems speaking.
After one day using it, the hoop will not stay up, keeps falling down..had to use duct tape...Too much money for this to happen.
Poor quality. Very flimsy and magnetic separates easily from the image and foam.
I got this product for my one year old for her birthday and this buggy is not worth what i paid for it. It is very flimsy and constantly falls apart while she's pushing it
We were very disappointed with this product and plan to return it. Neither of us is a train hobbyist; we purchased this to put on a table top around a small Christmas tree. Parts were broken, misaligned, and did not easily 'push' together. The notes below detail these issues. 1. One of the linkage bars on the train engine was not attached to the main drive wheel and just flopped around. Since the bar wasn't necessary I decided to tape it to the side of the engine and see how the train operated. 2. The coupler height between the coal tender and the passenger cars was mismatched to the point that the car would become disconnected whenever the train would go into a curve. I tried each car but they were all the same. 3. The track didn't just 'snap' together. It was necessary to slightly wiggle and twist the track when pushing it together so the small metal clips engaged with the metal part of the track. In several cased I had to use the tip of a knife to lift the metal clip up into place while pushing everything together.
I only got 2 cubes instead of 3 and they have stickers which they're not supposed to
It suppose I will get my package today, bought it 6 days ago with prime delivery and it has not being even sent
Very inaccurate description
Good design but of poor product quality. The left rear wheel broke and dropped off from the space shuttle when the product arrived. It could not be re-attached to the shuttle as the part was really a defective one. And the paint finish on the shuttle shows signs of wear off. Upon closer inspection of the packing box, it looks like it may be a product return as the box was sealed with cheap glue tape with poor craftsmanship.
Didn't receive item?
Cheap material, three items broke in first two hours of having. Realize it's cheaper than other sets, but not worth it!
I read all the reviews re: size of these slippers before making this purchase for my son who is a big Boo fan. But the sizing is still off. It was smaller than expected and because the head of the Boo is big, you have to be careful not to trip!
The face is very distorted and barely looks like a face.
Broke into a million pieces and cheap
Very disappointed with these balloons. One of the big rings came with a hole in it and another two balloons popped as I was filling them with helium.
Didn't have an issue with this product. It just wasn't what I needed for an art project. I processed a return and I still have not had my money refunded back into my account.
Not as picture shows. Such a disappointment I was expecting Easter toys . Was wrong
This did not come as a ball.. it came already fluffed as if someone had already played with it. Probably is a knock off as others are suggesting. Awful packaging, the box was all torn apart. Also took forever to get here. did not receive it by Christmas as the seller indicated. Please don't waste your money on this scam
I ordered this product 2 times and received the wrong item each time. The package says it's dice but they are actually 7/8” poker chips.
These markers don't work very well. My toddler was not impressed with the faint color it provides. The crayons are much better! (However, these are much easier to clean off!)
Came and opened these and missing 6 sticks!!!!
Got 6 to 8 suctions, only 2 works
This item that was sent is not the same as in picture the one in picture is the genuine one the one I received was a knock off
They lost my product. I have prime shipping and it was suppose to arrive 2 days ago. They didnt even email me or anything saying that it would be late. If I hadnt checked and logged on I would've never known. Worst experience I have ever had.
These toys are nothing but junk. Two out of 12 toys were broken and two of them didn't work. The smaller snap on the light up bracelet was broken so I couldn't fit it to my son's wrist properly and the bunny with the suction cup was bent so that the suction cup would not stick to the base. It is suppposed to pop up and it does nothing since it won't stick. The yo yo doesn't work at all and the stamp was dried up. I paid $20 for these and feel completely ripped off. Two of the toys are really small and cheap as well (the whistle and the white plastic bunny next to the bracelet. Don't waste your money.
Some balloons had small holes
These smell really bad. Not able to use them inside the house and not able to return them either.
never received, was told they did not clear customs
This REALLY sucks bad.
My dog came without a tell. If it had a tell I would have been really happy with it. I would have sent it back but I rapped it and put it under the Christmas tree before I realized it didn't have a tell. And didn't want to dill with it after Christmas. My boy is ths one how asked my why it didn't have one. I feel horrible about it. I got two othere different dogs for my two othere kids and they wore perfect.
Package was full of dust and dirt and the wooden pieces were very cheaply made. It looked like someone delivered this from a pile in their dusty garage. I had to throw some of the boards out because of its condition.
I got this & it did not work, so I put brand spanking new batteries in it. It still didn't work. I tried the batteries in another item & it worked fine. So it wasn't the batteries, it was the product. Do NOT buy this!
I order this game on October 15 and I have not received it it was coming the following day and still nothing
Erasers sent were not as pictured or described. Very tiny, much smaller than photos.
I just received this last night as a Christmas gift for my nephew. The box that the Harry Potter figurine came in was completely crushed. I called Amazon immediately to complain about the embarrassment that they shipped to me. They said they would send me a new one free of charge. I'm hoping the new one comes in good condition with the box not being smushed. It is unacceptable to send products in poor quality like that. If the 2nd box comes smushed as well, I will no longer be ordering from this company and I have warned all my coworkers about the poor quality of their packaging.
Worked for about 30 seconds and it just died. Returned for instant refund. Have to love amazon. Bought everything from amazon.
Junk is all I have to say.. Wil be trying to send this back..
Terrible falls apart not good for small children. Zero stars would be more appropriate. Useless
Significantly over priced due to the fact that this is 3$ in stores
This product was junk! Cheap quality and even felt a buzz when I put the batteries in. DO not waste your money.
Order lost in transit, not Amazon's fault. No follow up. Could not get an answer. Very disappointed. Had to last minute order a different product with colors not same color palette.
Package never showed up at my door but says it was delivered an hour after I updated the delivery option because you couldnt get in the front door. And there's no option to let anyone know I never got it
I got it blew it up it went flat it must have a small hole somwhere came like that smh
Very poor quality. One broke during the 1st time playing .
Super disappointed We bought this for my sons birthday and it came opened with tape around it the product looks like trash. Now we will not even be able to give it to him for his birthday. Was really looking forward to this.
Too expensive very cheaply made plastic
Out of the three water doodle pens, 2 of then won't open to be able to fill with water. While the picture of the contents us accurate as to what is inside the box the box itself shows a container and stamps which are not included in the box so the box itself is misleading. It also shows suction cups to hang it on the wall but those are not provided either. The product is cheaply made which for the price I'm going to complain about, its not worth the money at all. My son doesn't seem to care for it either and he loves to color.
Hello, I just ordered this, I purchased 2 but only 1 came.
I was disappointed with this product. It's very cheaply made and just not good at all. Waste of money.
Worst seller ever !!!!!! I never received the product and they never replied my messages..
My one year old granddaughter was not even the least bit interested....
This product arrived and wasn't at all what I ordered. It is also extremely sticky and not what I would consider slime to be. The Borax had spilled all in the bag and is basically a complete mess. Unfortunately I can't return it because if I did I would only get a penny back. And I would have to pay to return it. Don't order slime from this vendor. A complete waste of money.
looks nice, my daughter loved it for Christmas. It has 3 joy sticks, one stopped working after about 15 minutes of play. Now we'll have to go through the hassle of returning it, I don't know what to expect during the process, hope it goes well.
The glasses are crooked. The hair is not the same as in the advertisement. The entire doll looks to be very poor quality.
My son was so proud to spend his own money on this item only to find out the rubber bands don't stay in place ,Wich makes them un useable.
When we received this fidget one of the lights wouldn't light up. Disappointing!
This product was REALLY good when it first came out but now it seems they are made with cheaper materials... bought two, both were torn up within two months.
The one I got looks nothing like this Dutch that is pictured! I want my money back! The one that is pictured looks great, the Dutch that I got looks like he's retarded. His eyes are crooked, pants are camo, not brown. Very plastic looking toy. Horrible!
The box was torn and i feel that it would be great if this was in the description
Stopped working after 1 week. LED Difficult to see unless holding up at eye level
very cheaply made. kids had it broken in one day. would not waste your money on this
This was a wonderful product until it snapped and my daughter fell while riding it. She is only 23 pounds and was sitting properly. For the proce I am highly disappointed.
These balloons had a horrible smell, like gasoline. Do not recommend.
the camping car arrived broken and box already open
I love collecting these figures. By far the worst one I have ever received from Amazon or Ebay. The package was so beat up. The box was in perfect shape so I know it wasn't the post office. Very disappointed...
Poor design and poor quality! Bought the toy to make the kids happy, instead got them frustrated!
dont wate your money is very cheaply made
Too small...handle is really little. Can barely fit anything in it. Brown handles dont go with the colors. Ugly
The volume it too low, I should listened from what everyone said.
Can't write on chalkboard now I cannot return it. Bought early for bday present and by the time they opened it past return time. Waste of money.
I did not receive my order
Terrible seller!!! Paid $20 for a jumbo unicorn and got sent a small pikmi worth $6! Contacted the seller multiple times agreed upon a partial refund of $12 and refund was never sent! Never again!
This gun is awesome and my son really loves the lights and sounds, but the long barrel didn't come with it so it's a bummer now I'm stuck with either reordering and hoping it comes in and making him wait longer or just dealing with not having 1/2 my gun boooo!!!
The game arrived ripped and otherwise damaged
Received wrong item...ordered red mustang got James Bond car...
Not happy at all , the screw on thing wasn't working to get the steering wheel on , terrible product !
I would give it 0 stars if I could. The pieces have really tiny "arms" which are super delicate and in many cases are bent or just ripped off. This means they can't even be connected together. After sorting through 1/4 of the pieces, I just gave up when I saw so many damaged pieces. I didn't even attempt to put this puzzle together. I will NEVER buy another puzzle from this brand because the cut is just stupid.
Bought 2 different ones and they were both broke within a few weeks
Be warned. These stones are the size of small jelly beans.
This isn't what we received.
This was a birthday gift for my granddaughter. I ordered it and hoped it would get delivered in Germany (military APO). It did, she opened it on her birthday and loved her first real baby, but the arms and legs were very cumbersome. 4 days of being a Mommy and her baby lost a leg! My daughter can put it back on, but it fall right back off. When I went to return it, my time was expired. Don't buy this baby, it will break a child's heart.
A bit disappointed in this product I purchased for my kids for Christmas. The magnetic chalkboard wasn't very magnetic, particularly down the middle of the board. I haven't used it as an actual chalkboard yet so I don't know how well that will work. But nonetheless this didn't impress me. Of course the one thing they do provide you with is magnetic letters and numbers, none of which are duplicate so you really can't spell anything! For the cost of this.... I expected better quality and a bonus or two but I am left disappointed.
Was never delivered. I asked for a replacement and that was never delivered. Instead I got a notice that they processed a refund. I just wanted the dang toy.
No young child's Mom looks like this today. I ordered it just in case a different size family didn't work with the dollhouse my granddaughter received for her third birthday.
Even after warranty support (during which they sent me a whole new set of lights) some lights still flicker out when playing. Not worth the money.
We received a set of 3 owl necklaces and 3 bracelets instead of this set of rings. Husband opened it and daughter was playing with it before I came home. Hope the company will send me the correct product.
i don't know why ppl gave this high reviews. This stuff so sux. Didn't work Waste money .
cool colors and design but it broke right away because it was made with cheap materials. disappointed
They were very small wasnt as big as i thought they would be
Upon receiving this card game and realizing its playing instruction flaws, I contacted the vendor for clarification. 2 months have gone by without a response. Not even a response that said thank you for your inquiry, we'll get back with corrected instructions, or one that explains that vagueness and errors were intentional (which is nuts, to use a phrase inherent in the game), etc. I also want to point out a racist fact: there are playing cards that are black (bad - attack action) and white (good - defend against attack action)...I just cannot believe it. So, returning this game which just plain disappoints all the way around the card playing table.
Tried every seed and only three produced springs. Very disappointed.
Purchase this from my three-year-old granddaughter who wanted a tea set. Within the 1st few days the to cheer piece broke apart and it just wasn't made that well.
Not impressed, didn't realize that the board is just a flat foam piece. The pegs barely stay in place. Very poor quality.
Straight out of the box these only worked intermittently, majority of the time they didn't work so unfortunately we are returning them
Yeah, so I ordered the Ford F-150 series evolution puzzle for my wife's birthday. When I opened it, I realized the puzzle pieces were of a totally different puzzle. It's not even truck related, I'm not sure how you mess that up but this is not what we bought.
Great initially but only lasted three months before failing to power on at all.
You can see after about 4 months this product does not hold up. Very cheap and not good quality.
Worked for all of 5 minutes before the motor went out! Huge disappointment. Do not waste your time or money on this piece of junk!
Totally wrong item was delivered! Super disappointed not to have this item for my daughter's recital!
Does not work. Purchased four. None of them could make bubble. Even adults could not get to work properly
This piñata is extremely small. I don't think you could even fit an entire bag of candy inside. We returned it with no issues.
I was really disappointed. My daughter had been asking for this so I wanted to surprise her. I opened it when it arrived and was mad to see that it had CLEARLY been returned from Christmas. It was only the stand. All the surprise pieces were gone, and the handle wasn't even included. The green from a Christmas tree were scattered inside it. Customer service didn't even reach out to me when I requested a return stating what happened.
TERRIBLE. It was broken before we got it out of the box and we were unable to return it. It should get 0 stars
Highly disappointed.... the description says "toy filled Easter eggs" this means they should come toy filled..... not a bunch of eggs wrapped up and all the toys in a separate bag... I purposely ordered these so they would come already made up AS DESCRIBED..... totally not happy!!! The add should specify they are NOT already prefilled instead of tricking people!!!!!!
Disappointed did not get the braid or the skirt in the package!!!!
I was able to use only half of the balloon on this package. Most balloons came ripped or with a small hole. and the clear quality on this balloon is bad . very disappointed
Item was obviously returned and then resold as new. Horn does not work, i was expecting more for $15 but its not the money, its the dissappointed 4 year old that is aggravating
These were not “large” pearls. Just regular size beads and regular length necklace, not 48 inches, which was disappointing because I specifically needed larger beads. Total misrepresentation of the actual product I received.
Had to return item and a few of them popped right after taking them out of their package causing a big white powdery mess in the office.
Broken pieces the first time we made it.
I'm either too dumb or this thing was defective, but it was totally uncontrollable during flight.
I ordered a cute yellow and blue pool. I recieved an ugly blue and white pool. Nowhere on the page does it show this pool in the ugly blue and white so I had no idea that is what I would be receiving or I would not have ordered it.
Broke after a month of light use. Would not buy again.
Worst waste of money. Not only does it not come with any sort of batteries to let you test that it works, but trying to open the damn thing to try to get batteries in it literally has taken us 2 hours, just to find out the damn thing dosent work.
Placed the order on June 14th, and I still have yet to receive it! I requested a refund.
Don't waste your money. If I wasn't giving this to my daughter for Christmas I would absolutely return it. I ordered the owlette doll which was double the price of other pj mask dolls. It's tiny and not even close to worth what I paid. Extremely disappointed.
We have had this for 3 months and the head continuously clicks. it only turns 1 way because it's off centered. It's driving me Insane and for the cost of this I would love to return it and get a new one.
Smelled so strongly of hazardous chemicals, l had to leave them outside the house and eXplain to my daughter why she couldn't play with Santa's gifts!
This toy started to break within a day and we were able to temporarily work around the malfunctioning for about a week before it just completely stopped working. Problems were bullets getting stuck and then small pieces of whatever was holding the bullets in till it was fired came out so the bullet now just slides out unless it's held pointing up slightly and now it just doesn't fire at all. Don't wait your money just get something at the dollar store it'll be cheaper and last just as long if not longer.
Smells like a chemical factory
I was not a fan of this-- you can't tell in the photo that the material looks like a shiny polyester. It's pretty ugly in person, and there were some snagged areas when it arrived, so I can't imagine how easily it would get snagged and torn if actually worn.
I could make this for $1. What a rip off!
I'm very dissappointed. Look at the picture of the product and look at what i recieved!! It's not even a shirt and a cape. I got this bib tie on looking thing that doesnt even sit on a puppy properly.
the coupler that snaps at the joints a little corner of it broke off and now that part won't stay on I have bought 3 characters and all three are doing the same thing he doesn't play rough with toys and never breaks any all he was doing was changing out leg and it broke the problem is with manufacturing these connectors are designed to be popped on and off but they break to easy and then no longer able to connect
two of the balloons had holes in them upon arrival
The product came with a busted package and looks like it went through hell. Not at all pleased by this.
What a joke - this banner looks used. Has stains and rust. Waste of money!!!
Our 12 month old granddaughter stepped on it and ruined it in five minutes, not made very well
Awful. Definitely should NOT be marketed as a lunch box. Using the one small brick as a grape container tho. Has a rubber seal so should hold up well. Very disappointed tho. A kid cannot use this as an actual lunch box.
A lot of no name comics. Not worth the money.
It shoots a foot no longer than a foot
Complete junk. Did not work at all. Very disappointed child on Christmas morning.
The balloons have a lot holes! Don't buy!
These balloons aren't shiny or chrome like at all. They are regular dull gold balloons that I could have purchased at party city. Had no Choice but to use them because of when the party is and no time to order new ones.
Not very good came all scratched up . And never received my replacement Order for this item.
But when you go to view anything, all you can see is the dark interior of the microscope attachment. Please see attached picture. It was worth a try.... Hope others have better luck!
Was not delivered by date promised. Have contacted about returning for refund with now word back. I had to contact Amazon to get anything done
I ordered a different item and this was sent...this is NOT what I ordered.
The fun house was missing a page of magnets, the page with the children on it.
Had they shown up on the date as shown , well they might have made some one happy. Order cancelled with after-purchase late notice of the deliver date change.
Piece of junk!! DO NOT BUY!! It was so hard to put together and started to rip after just one day!
We did not get to use this costume. It arrived WAY to late for Halloween.
Bought this product for my brother in law as his first drone. He was really enjoying until about 5 days later when he was flying it and it just took off and kept going. Automatic return feature obviously is defective. When we reached to company and let them know what happened they advised that if we had the drone they would replace. Perfect right? No. If they had listened to our first issue that they return to home feature did not work they would know we did not have the drone. If you have $150.00 to throw away then it is the product for you.
I received a puppet, not the item described
Horrible product. Never held air. We kept it in the package past the return date so we lost our money.
I ordered this as a gift for my grandson and it arrived today. The shipping carton appeared to be in good shape and I was pleased to notice that it was packed in bubble wrap. I was unpleasantly surprised when I unwrapped it and realized that the display box was severely dented on the top and bottom. Since the shipping carton was undamaged and the Pop was secured in bubble wrap, my only conclusion is that the person that packed the carton sent it despite noticing the damage. To make matters worse, the price has increased since I purchased it and Amazon won't replace it at the same price.
Two pieces of this were broken and one piece is completely missing. Very disappointed it would be sold like this.
Piece of junk broke as soon as I put power to it only two of the lights work
I was so excited when I ordered this. when it arrived I opened it right away. it wouldn't stay inflated. I couldn't find the hole. So I just returned it and didn't want another one. very disappointed...
These were a mess and looked super trashy. Couldn't even use them they looked so bad.
It came with one hand instead of two
Didn't work..had to return
Up does not work. My dad was disappointed when he couldn't play it because the control would not allow him to move up which is a fairly important thing to be able to do in Pac Man.
Delivered twice. Both times boxes were damaged.
I was only expecting stocking-stuffer-quality items, nothing really good, and still they were so bad I returned them. When I first opened the package I was delighted: twelve little boxes, perfect for stockings! But then I opened the first one, and it didn't work: it was a helicopter and the propeller was supposed to balance on top---but it didn't balance at all, it leaned all the way over to one side. Never mind, I opened the second box: another helicopter, defective in the same way. I opened box after box, and none of them BALANCED. Some of them were also visibly bent: that is, an item that was supposed to rest on four legs would be bent so that one leg didn't touch the ground. But visibly-bent or no, none of them worked. I should have read the reviews before ordering, but I got swept up in nostalgia: they looked like the (much larger, much better-quality) type of thing I had as a child.
These are just cheap paper. I would not even put them in a kid's birthday party goody bag. There are much better Trump items elsewhere on the internet.
Dominos didn't fit in the slots. Had to return.
Really small pieces, choking hazard for children. Cheap looking. Returned.
Awful product! I bought this for my son thinking it was metal and would take a little longer before all the screws would start falling out. Well I was wrong he got to play with his $21 toy for 10 minutes before the wheel fell off. Very unhappy!
This says 16 balloon set. I got THREE. VERY disappointed. I only rated one star because it would not let me rate it at a zero.
My daughter loves this dinosaur. However when we opened it we discovered a huge hole underneath it. I am very disappointed and so is my two year old daughter. This was a gift for her birthday.
I bought this for my daughter and we were so excited about it. It worked for maybe 20 minutes tops... I thought that maybe my batteries were bad.. nope. We tried several different batteries and it still doesn't work. It's a cute puzzle, I just wish it still sang the song!
Dumbest Liberal game ever. No one loses everyone gets a trophy. Even my 5 year old said no one wins this is stupid.
I received this product in he worst possible condition. The box was torn up and falling apart. The other items that came in the same box were completely fine. I'm pissed at the way this box looks. Won't be buying from this supplier again.
It was perfect until I realized the lense was cracked in two places. It's a beautiful little telescope and the box it comes in is solid and very pretty. Very disappointed the lense is cracked. This was a present for my 4 year old son. One of those toys that would have been a lovely keepsake toy, if it wasn't broken. Amazon says it isnt eligible for return or replacement. I'm thinking I'll just have to look for a better quality telescope and he can play with this one as is for now.
The main unit and controller were ok, but it would have been helpful to have the power cord sent with it.
I never received this....
Stay Away! Resealed trainer boxes and resealed booster packs. The booster packs are resealed at the bottom of the booster packs. I bought 4x elite trainer boxes and pulled 0 gx cards and only got 1 holo per box. I have opened a vast amount of elite trainer boxes and booster packs and can easily see the repacking of the booster packs and I know the difference between bad luck and scammers. If you have suspicions of your packs from this seller, look closely at the bottom seal of the booster pack. The booster pack should not have a white residue(dried glue), and should cleanly open and not stick/rip/tear.
Everything must be aligned 100% to even start to rotate. A simple single 90 degree rotation is guaranteed to take at least 20 seconds.
Buy this if you want glitter all over your house and child! The dress is fine, but why does it need to shed glitter everywhere. Cheap! I wish I had just returned it when I got it.
The remote control stopped working within 30 seconds of first use, batteries heat up dramatically, and emitted a strong melting plastic smell. This thing is liable to burn your kid right after it disappoints him. It was a real bummer having to tell my 4 year old that I had to send back his birthday present. What a complete freaking disappointment. Stay away.
These are the biggest pieces of crap. They are flimsy and huge. I don't know what person's head they would fit but definitely not mine.
This product was to be a Christmas present for my granddaughter. The packaging was so poor I didn't even give it to her, it's still in the box. It looked like it was just in a baggie, nothing exciting for a child to be excited about.
Melissa & Doug, you reallu dropped the par level on these items. Cheap looking, felt covered plastic like horses. Sad, quality control is not there on these.
These rolls are very small. They appear much bigger in the picture. I'm very disappointed.
Box was destroyed. Looks like it was broken and glued together. Not real happy
These are terrible... One is completely broken the other cracked. Both look well used.
It came broken. The head will not reconnect. It makes sound- would be cute if it wasn't broken. I hoped previous comments wouldn't jinx me, but they did
Holes were too big for string that it came with. It was useless
Not very good all it does is make a big mess I swear I was very careful it's good for slime but I said just not buying this because if you ever do this in your room when the living room the dining room then all you're going to do is just accidentally make a mess with it
My order never came, nor did it ship. I tried to contact the seller and never heard back. They stole my money and I got nothing. Good thing it wasn't expensive. Don't waste your time or money.
Received with one light none operational. Packaging say batteries are none replaceable.
Product was dried up not happy with item
Doll in picture appeared larger in size. Very disappointed. I could have gone to Walmart or target and paid less.
These are cute! Baby loved them but there is no way to wash them. Water gets in which is a huge no-no.
I might have high expectation for those batteries. They are definitely not give as much ratings as the Eachine OEM battery does. 20C isn't enough for me.
It was a nice picture, but two pieces were missing. We do our puzzles in the order that we buy them and since it's past the 30 days we can't get a replacement.
Do not buy! Did not work out of the box and it is not eligible for return.
Cute, but the size was very small. Each fan could fit in the palm of my hand.
Cheap quality and it was missing a seal. Would NOT purchase it again.
Didn't fit vehicle it said it would
Did not come with the clasp.
Not metallic as seen in picture.
I thought this flashlight would be better made for the cost. It feels cheap and I think I could have found a better quality light at the Dollar Store.
Very disappointed with product. The overall car quality was cheap, but the worst was that Minnie did not really fit into the car as a rider. She is a hard plastic figure that stands up and falls down if the car moves. Do not recommend. This is not the Fisher-Price quality that one expects.
Not worth a buck. Just awful.
It broke after the first day. Blade wouldn't come out anymore.
got A bad part..... pain in the butt to send back... won't use them again
arrived in very bad condition while the packaging was impeccable
I was disappointed. You can see the colors and designs on the mat and they become more vivid with water. Doesn't last 10 minutes either. Maybe 10 seconds.
I ordered these for my sons third birthday party and after the kids wore these masks their faces were red. They had a horrible reaction and the redness didn't go away for hours. Thank goodness only two kids wore the masks I can't imagine how awful it would've been to have a whole party filled with red faces due to reactions. I don't know what kind of chemicals you use on your product or how you store them but I would not recommend these to anyone. My experience with them was awful and I will never purchase from this company again.
Very poor quality. Only a few of the stamps had enough ink to make an impression. Don't bother.
I am a school teacher and I go through tons of pencils in my classroom every year. The lead was not in the center so when you sharpen them the wood comes all the way out on one side so unless you whittle them with a knife they are worthless.
Only used it once and then it no longer worked. Even changed the batteries and still didn't work. Not happy at all with this product.
Out of the box, one of the two walkie talkies did not work with fresh batteries. It appears as though the speaker on it is malfunctioning - it did not make any tones when turning on or off. It seems to suggest it should be making noise, but no noise comes out. Volume is at maximum. Changed channels, looked at the instructions, etc. No luck. Can't recommend!
When I started a puzzle and use this, but found that the inflatable tube and 2 fasteners were missing. Highly disappointed.
Goes flat in first 2 minutes ordered second one, went flat in first 2 minutes also....
The black launcher piece is broken, it is not even two weeks, can you send me the launcher alone, otherwise planning to return
Arrived with a huge hole along the seam. We didn't open it in time to return it either since the weather wasn't warm enough to swim.
I don't like anything about it, because it doesn't work. I would have used it as a keyless remote.
I just got the case and started putting all of the pieces into it. However, it is too small for the entire game. Seems pointless to have a case that does not fit everything.
First three engines fired great, then I went thru 8 igniters on 4 different engines. My request for a refund was 8 days outside of the 30 day warranty and was denied. Now I have to go thru Estes for support. May want to try another supplier as now I have 47 engines to go through.
The plastic optics on these binoculars are not uniform. This makes them effectively useless and hard to focus. When the middle is focused, the outside edges are blurry, and when the outside edges are in focus the middle is blurry. I bought 4 pair of these binoculars for my kids, and every single one of them are unable to be focused properly. I am familiar with optics and binoculars, and am aware that plastic lenses don't have the same quality as glass, and that these are cheap ones and my expectations should not be high. But the lenses aren't even shaped the same from binocular to binocular. These are spectacularly bad.
I sent it back. It wasn't what I wanted
This product didn't come to me. Instead, another item was sent
Half of these reviews were that it came shattered and half of them were that it was beautiful so I did take a gamble on this one, unfortunately mine came shattered and the box also looked like it had been thrown around before it was shipped
Recieved 2 red Jeeps and no white which is the main reason we bought this set.
My kid loved this until it broke!! We got it less than a month ago. Same broken part in the photo, in the review.
A lot darker than expected, and photographed in a blue tone. Didn't stay on well and was blotchy.
I ordered this for Halloween and it did look like the pic. Not a single person could tell what the mask was. I'd not order this mask!
I ordered this item for Christmas 2018 and never received. Now the “return” window is up and I'm out the money. I do not recommend purchasing this item.
Absolutely horrible! I bought the Traxxas Skully which came with a car charger not a wall charger to charge the battery (cause we all live in our car and providing a car charger in place of a wall charger was smart of Traxxas) so I was forced to buy this additional charger so I can actually plug the battery into the wall. Steps are clear...do not plug the battery in to the charger first. First you plug the charger into the wall. CHECK! Then when it is solid Red you plug the battery into the charger. CHECK! This is where it should blink green indicating its charging, but of course mine just stays solid red and doesn't do anything. It doesn't even recognize the battery is connected. I tried disconnecting and reconnecting the battery to make sure the connection was tight and good. Tried the steps all over again on a different wall outlet....nothing. I've only used the remote control car maybe 6-7 times total and that was using the provided car charger to charge the battery. This thing has been nothing but a pain, and this charger did not do its job. I will be issuing a return on this paperweight!
I thought I bought the best, but this arrived broken. One of the 2 welds on the basket was separated. I love the beach and shelling, but with a spinal fusion, I'm unable to bend. I thought this was the answer. I'm sure they would have replaced it, but beach season is now over for us, and sadly not in time for my trip.
I got these shoes for my daughter's birthday, but they broke the first time they were put on. She's only 26 pounds! Terrible. Edit: within an hour of my posting this another shoe broke. Bringing us to half of the pairs of shoes ruined before she'd owned them for 24 hours.
Honestly I havent noticed a difference and that is when I can keep it on my son. Hes 6 months old and smallest size is too big for his arm or ankle :(
This is really small, like fits in the palm of your hand, doesn't move on it's own
Open the box. Right off the bat most of the fish are broken. Put batteries in it doesn't work. What a waste do not buy from. Apparently sells a lot of broken stuff
didnt work so i returned it
I hope this rc rx works with zero protection and a qt jar smashing it around during shipping. Once again dumbass Amazon. Hopefully it's the product I ordered its like there little aerogarden look alike scam with nutrients. Got ex gro not miracle grow just misleading adds and good old American greed. Thanks Amazon your awesome
Damaged and they will not replace why seen some foil back
Way too small on my 4 year old. Up to 6 years old is a joke.
For spending the amount of money on this crib that I did I was not expecting such a cheap structure. The piece that the doll lays on comes out so easily. I spend more time putting it back in than My daughter does actually playing with it. So annoying.
I don't believe it's the companies fault but I never got the product. I'm assuming the USPS lost my package. Working with them to track my package but they say it was delievered. Just disappointed.
I don't understand how to play this. Read the directions and it makes no sense.
Order was placed and product was delayed for days after being shipped and then was declared "lost". Intially Seeing there were good reviews and then upon looking through reviews this happens often with this company. Be wary if you need it in time as a gift as mine didn't show up at all. Don't delete this review as others should know this, Amazon.
Looks ok in the picture but its a total junk. Didnt really work, not many drinks fit in it. Product returned.
I never received this Item.
Did not come with ribbon to tie the balloons with. Unable to use, didn't think I would need to bring the ribbon when buying balloons made for helium.
We are avid collectors of Funko POPs and I have not been able to find KH3 Donald and Goofy in my local stores so I went to Amazon. While Goofy was in perfect condition, Donald's box was severely smashed and the plastic was scratched. Fine for someone who is going to take them out of the box, but not fine for collectors. So I asked for a replacement, the replacement was even worse. I chatted with Amazon and asked them specifically if they could put a note into the seller and let them know that we are collectors and would like one that is not smashed and scratched. It is supposed to be here tomorrow, so we will see what happens. I will update this review after I receive the newest one.
Does not suction at all. Returned it
Oredered back in Nov. Was supposed to be here by Jan 12. Still have yet to get it.
Rear wheels turned only if you held the car up off the ground, would not move on a flat surface. This was with brand new batteries installed. Scratches on the top of the car indicate it may have been sold before and returned by the previous buyer.
I had to order this product twice. The first order was delivered with one end opened with no LEGO pieces in the plastic bags. Legos were falling out of the box. Promptly returned it and reordered. The second order was received today. At least the pieces were in sealed bags within the box, but the box was still opened on one end because it had two strips of scotch tape holding it down.
The gears strip too easily. Our first unit stripped after less than 1 minute of play, literally. We decided to replace it, and at least the second unit lasted about two weeks before its gears stripped too. Now we're returning it (the replacement) for a full refund. UPDATE: about 14 months later (May 2019), we decided to risk getting a *third* one of these. Its gear stripped within 1 week of play. With one bad car, maybe we got a lemon. Two bad cars is very unlikely, but still possible. Three is astronomically unlikely. There is a manufacturing defect somewhere. We'll be returning the third one and never buying another one of these again. The weird thing is that the other karts in this series (Mario, Bowser, Donkey Kong) don't have this problem, or at least if they do it doesn't appear right away (within the first two weeks). We know, because we've bought like 10+ of these over the last couple of years. (One of our dogs loves to play with them.) All three of the newer Yoshi models stripped their gears within two weeks, and none of the others did. Something is rotten in the Yoshi production line, something that weirdly doesn't affect the other racers in the line.
Unbelievable packaging. The product is missing the bottom plate that covers the batteries, no packing slip, nothing. Very disappointing and it sounds muffled when it repeats you, no matter what.
So this is my second review for these cars. I liked it at first but comparing it to the ones I purchased from Liberty Imports these cars look SO MUCH CHEAPER and feels so flimsy and weak. Initially what I liked about these were the friction wheels seemed more intact and aligned compared the my other purchase, until the day it happened and the friction started messing up and would not roll as good as before. I've tried reaching to the seller but they were giving me such a hard time that I honestly dont want to deal with them anymore and just having to return them back to amazon. Overall with the cheap look, cheap plastic material and design, cheap wheels, and horrible customer service I would give it negative star if I could. Stray away from this and go somewhere else like Liberty Imports. Looks so much better, feels sturdier, and more worth your money.
The quality of these is very terrible. The peices don't stick together and the plastic is very thin and flimsy.
One of the cars didn't work right out of the box! Very disappointing on Christmas
For the Life of me. . . WHY . . . Would the manufacturer have all the ridiculous lettering on the air mattress? ? ? That is the Craziest thing I've ever seen! ! ! Why can't it be placed in a pocket and removable if the buyer chose to do so!
Doesn't work. Won't turn off
I purchased 4 set and received them today just like everyone one else received no foil or planeswalkers I would not buy this again and would not recommend
This was my grand-sons' 3 birthday gift. He loves dinosaurs and was excited to play with the figures and he the corresponding sounds from the book. After removing the battery protective tab and trying the first button, sadly it did NOT work. We searched all over San Antonio for batteries desperately trying to save the birthday gift. LR1130 were not to be found anywhere, but possible online. I will be trying to arrange for this to be returned long distance.
Unable to inflate the outer ring. Didn't work
Wtf! Where the heck are my cups?!?!??! How do i resolve this?
This was ordered as a prop for a wedding and did NOT work. Both guns, were wired incorrectly so that the wheel turned backwards pushing the play money to the back of the gun, not out of the gun. It also did not come with fake money as described. Super disappointed.
I sized down and ordered the xs for my 7 year old, but the length of the dress is just excessive. The xs is supposed to be for a *child* age 4-6. But it's 47” long! It is so long it fits me, an adult, just fine. I've never before purchased something so out of whack with standard sizes. A 47” dress claiming to fit 4-6 year olds is just ludicrous.
I was very disappointed because I paid extra shipping to have this for my grandmother's birthday and it said it was delivered but I did not receive the package. I want a refund.
Really thought this was a nice product, but it did not take long for the trouble with charging. Now it will not charge at all. My grandson was enjoying it. Turned out to be a disappointment
The rear wheel doesn't have traction. Will not work on dirt very well. Very disappointed.
I got this frame yesterday and had to biuld it right away it is a nice frame and looks good but one of the arms broke midair on the maiden flight.
Candle came super tiny, way too expensive, looks nothing like it does in the picture, and all the brown paint is already chipping off and I haven't even used it yet. It just came today. SUPER DISAPPOINTING
I bought this for my nephew for Christmas. We took it out of the box, put batteries in it, followed all the directions, and never could get it to come on. He was so disappointed! Waste of money!
Was missing pieces when we got it and it looked very cheap..
When child pours water it falls over and dolphin mouth does not open. Waste of money
I didn't receive this sash!! There was an envelope, and inside was a phone card,, that I DID NOT order, I want the sash for a surprise party next weekend! Very disappointed!!
Poor quality - avoid.
These are terrible and cannot be returned. It says the string is 2 1/4 inches long...maybe when stretched to its fullest elasticity! Each piece measures less than an inch. Don't waste your money!!!
Stayed only for an hour. Defective
I ordered a few other inflatable dinosaurs that came in a specific packaging. These dinosaurs came packaged together like they were used and both dinosaurs have a leak and will not stay inflated. It was so disappointing for my children!!!
YOU should not even be selling this phone! Cannot hear It. It is barely a whisper.
Broke within 3 days!
If I could give this product less than 1 star I would. Sword came bent. Arm is broken off, and the sculpting is awful. Edges are unclean cuts, and product is of a cheap material. Even though this product is Amazon Prime, it is non refundable.
Horrible. Pieces don't fit together well, some are too tight some are too loose. Instructions are difficult to read, and parts are just thrown into a big bag with no labeling. If it were made by Lego it would be awesome. But it's not.
Gift box came damaged! This set should say toy set! Not big enough for an actual cup of tea! Very deceiving!!! Would not recommend to anyone!
So I ordered this last year... literally a month and a half after it didn't show up I got a refund no explanation. So just say no
Ive only had this a month and it burned out
This keyboard is complete junk. I didn't expect much from a $9.99 keyboard, but it was for a young child, so as long as it made noises it would be perfect. It lasted less than two minutes. Then, it just stopped making any sound. The little guy was so upset. It is really a piece of junk that should not even be sold.
I did not receive anything close to what is shown in the picture. All of the dresses are the same style - just a tank dress. And they are poorly made. Some of them are crimped up in the sewing. And they were shipped internationally so it took a long time to get here and now I may not have time to order a replacement. Very disappointed. I am not giving these as a gift.
The item was broken and the fluid was all over the inside of the package. When I tried to return it, it says it's not eligible for returns.
Hand was snapped off upon opening.
Got this as a birthday gift for my daughter. Button was broken so after two attempts at making slime and it doing nothing but leaking all over the place when moved at all, regardless of being on the correct setting, we gave up. Definitely a waste of time and money.
Absolutely terrible. Needed monster themed for my son's first birthday and they send me Sonic the hedgehog?!? There was no option to even buy sonic!!! My recommendation check the package and make sure it's what you actually order and don't assume they send you the product that'd actually advertised.
Shafts broke within 2 minutes.
I bought everyone of these sets for my granddaughter and there was no glue to pick up any glitter. I have bought these before locally and they were perfect. They must be old and the glue must have dried out. 🙁
The battery was malfunctioning. Very dissapointed as it was my kid christmas present.
I ordered the foam footballs and received colored pencils. This is not what I ordered in any way, shape, or form. Seller needs to double check their orders before they go out, as well as make return policy better. As of right now, it says this item cannot be returned. Not a happy customer.
Me and my son bought this with his money and it started cracking and breaking less than 24 hours after it got here. Will try an exchange first in hopes that it was a fluke but if it persists we will ask for a refund and find another product.
I loved this swing after we got it. It was very sturdy and a large size. It only lasted about 3 months before the fabric started to fade and become weak. After 4 months it started to tear and became completely worthless.
Junk! Sand too gritty and hard to mold.
Ordered set with 5 balls, and received set had only 2 balls.
I bought two - one works and the other doesn't but now it says it is unavailable and I don't see where I can contact anyone to replace it. If anyone can help me, that would be great. Very small and expensive for it not to work at all.
I ordered it thinking it was blue because that is the color in the picture but it came pink
This product comes vacuum sealed and you have to stuff it yourself. The legs are very long, out of portion with the rest of the body. The seams split very easily, creating multiple holes and the stuffing falling out. We are very disappointed in the quality of this product.
I liked the movie. I thought this figure looked cool. I took it out of the box and put it on a shelf. It kept falling over. Upon closer inspection, I now know why. One leg is significantly longer than the other. No wonder it can't stay balanced! Just awesome! I don't have the time to return it! Totally lame!!
Recieved Clue: The Simpsons, instead of A Game of Life. Also, I get that the game itself is used but the mailing package it arrived in looks like it's been used half a dozen times as well.
Looks like a real microphone, but didn't work. Put new batteries in it. Nope. No sound! Nothing.
TERRIBLE. THEY RIP EASILY AND GET VERY DIRTY.
The pieces do not resemble the picture. They are smaller and the color and design is not there, it appears to be from China.
Pump was not included , to big for lungs
Not for a two year old for sure
Sold by La-tech. The coin is counterfeit and not whats pictured. It's a knockoff for sure. I wouldn't have minded it had I been able to read the wording around the edges. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with it because somehow even though it's prime it's not returnable. Probably because it came in a Chinese customs bag... extremely unhappy.
Broke after 3 minutes both,my kids 7 y.o.
If I could give negative stars I would. Eggs do not glow at all
We are returning this. It does not hold NERF bullets. The holster does not a hold the shown NERF gun once the child moves. It stays on only when standing still. Once he took a step it slipped right down to his shin. Not as advertised.
Ordered the Phillip Funko and they sent me a Batgirl funko. WTF kinda shit is this?
Pretty unhappy with the condition of the package. There was no protection in the Amazon box.
Hard to put together and came apart. Not solid and not cheap.
I received the two pans and very poor packaging and one of them worked for about 2 hours and then quit working the other one never worked it all it was cracked the plastic inside the top lid and the button that you push kept on falling out. So it never worked. Very disappointed.
Amazon wait 10days to ship my item
I ordered and pay for express shipping. I was headed out of town to give this gift to my granddaughter. It never came before i left on the 14th. TWO WEEKS for a payment for 7 day delivery! I returned it. Sad Amazon can't keep their promises anymore.
Product is cheap, construction vehicles broke basically by touch very disappointed never order again not worth the cost
I received my package yesterday. The toy came wrapped in a clear plastic bag. Both vehicles were not attached to the cardboard package nor was one of the figures. The cardboard display package looked like it went thru a war. I don't think this item was New! I paid for a new item for my son's Christmas present. Won't buy from them again...very very disappointed!
Received this as a Christmas gift , BUT just opened it to use today. There are no attachments to connect to the float. I could not use it. Very disappointing as the other folks in my family who received the gift loved it. Would appreciate the attatchments mailed to me, or the machine replaced.
Ordered this as a birthday gift. Huge disappointment when my son opens the box to find a bottle of hot sauce. Thanks fellas
Does not reliably work and we are utterly exhausted trying to go through all of the associated troubleshooting steps which included buying a Bluetooth dongle, upgrading our windows version, etc. A huge disappointment. Don't bother buying this unless you have a newer iPad. This didn't work on any of our computers or older iPad minis even after following the steps (for the computers) that we were assured would work. And dear manufacturer: just say that it ONLY reliably works for iPads instead of making us laptop users spin our wheels. (I know it doesn't work with Chromebooks - we weren't using a Chromebook).
This did not last more than 1 week before it broke. Daughter loved it but very poor quality product.
Were not at all as pictured. Not as trendy looking as pictured - very basic and bland. Not suited for child size. I was also shorted on the quantity.
When I received this pool the box was damaged, opened (re-taped like it was already returned) had holes on the one side and ripped. I sent two different messages to the company, one about the damage box and the other how I thought the pool was going to be bigger than what it was (I actually forgot I sent two messages, but they sure did remind me). Needless to say I wanted to send the pool back afraid to use it incase it had any damage from the holes on the side of the box. I printed out the label and took it to the post office and it showed the company wanted me to pay for the shipping! The cost to ship it back was more than what I paid for the pool! I contacted the seller and they said I had to pay for the shipping because my reason for sending it back was because I didn't like it. But it was more about the damage and looking like I got a return from someone else, and I told them that! Also the inaccurate description, but mostly the damage! Whoever was emailing me back and forth was absolutely no help and told me I could send it back and pay for shipping or pretty much keep it and take my chances if its defective. He or she told me its "my choice". Real nice customer service! Even if it was because I didn't like the item, I still never took the pool out of the box because I was afraid it had holes in it and figured they could send me another one or refund me. I have placed orders through Amazon and 3rd party sellers before and I have never been given such a hard time about returning something and getting my money back! Honestly, don't waste your time with this place....total rip off!
These are definitely NOT a food safe paint. I washed them and they still smell very strongly of paint fumes. So definitely not appropriate for under 3. Some pieces arrived chipped. Not made in US or to US standards. There is no English writing, I believe it may be in Korean? I love the idea, but would NOT recommend this brand.
This dinosaur was not as big as described. Way smaller. For what I paid not worth it. However the children didnt seem to care they loved it.
Not a single good card in this whole box. Very disappointed. Seems Amazon never provides good cards....back to Target for future purchases.
the beard was unusable because it was so fake looking and the moustache was so big that it covered his mouth and nose
Lasted 5 minutes. Suctions wouldn't work.
Too tiny for any doll we have. Very disappointed
Broke and came apart within a few days.
has not arrived and I ordered it in September
I know it was an inexpensive product however that your pants come off with in the first two weeks.
Doesnt even suction... so not worth the money AT All
Very poor quality. Bubble solution started leaking after first use. Wouldn't recommend.
There were missing pieces in the box, including the stickers. I would not buy again.
I purchased this item based on reviews. The majority were positive. Wanted a quality, affordable system with built in games. Product arrived quickly next day to be exact. Packaged nicely. The quality of build is average. Sound is decent. Difficult to navigate. Poor instructions. Screen size is good. I'm in processes of return. Would not recommend.
The top layer of the pieces chip off taking the picture with them. There's no way to repair it besides coloring in with a maker which doesn't look. Unfortunately, this has happened with more than a few of our Melissa and Doug puzzle sets. Which is why we stopped buying from them.
1/3 of these arrived broken. I should've expected since other reviewers have said same thing. Super disappointed
All of the dinosaur eggs were cracked or broken on the bottom so sad I bought these as an Easter gift for my grandchildren and I don't have time to take them back before Easter
Said it was never opened I got it and it was obvious that it had been and the pack only contained 4 out of the 5 cards I messaged the seller still no response
Bought this for my son and he played with it for 2 days and it just exploded and fell apart into pieces.
I was so excited for this to come but when I opened the packaging I immediately noticed stains and crust on the fabric. It's scattered all over the fabric. Disgusting.
Keeps running into the wall causing marks from the spinning blades. I wish it had sensors on the side to keep it away from the walls.
Came missing pieces. Incredibly flimsy. Tricky to put together the top part. Wouldn't buy this again.
There is no web in the bag only a spider..I dont care about the spider I wanted the web I paid for the web and a spider.
Not what I thought! Very unsatisfied
didnt do what we were hoping didnt help any
Doesn't move in water at all, fills up with water and starts to sink.
I purchased this watch for Christmas for my son. The directions where not very clear when it came to setting it up. Once I was finished I let my son use it. The watch only work for a couple of hours and then it would only display the octopus logo and dashes where the time should be. I tired to sync the watch again, the battery what at 100 percent, and I tried a factory reset on the watch. All of these things would get the watch working again for about an hour and then it would stop. I contacted the company and their response was that they know there is a problem with this model and they are hoping to have and update for it in the future. The did nothing to solve the problem or help me, just Oh yeah, we know it doesn't work, we sold it broken, and we don't care and are going to do nothing about it! I can't believe this company!
Arrived damaged. Very disappointing.
Box and product was damaged!! Not happy when my granddaughter opened it at Christmas
I am extremely angry I paid for a new item and received a broken open package the figure had been removed and put back in and made to look sealed. The figure is used and inner mouth is crooked. I am beside myself how this seller thinks it's ok to do this to people.Do not buy form this seller!!
The two F parts were missing. I did not check to see what else was missing either. Please let me know how you would like me to proceed. Maybe send me a shipping label so I can return it? Very frustrating. This was for my 4year old daughter. Please resend a new complete package with all parts.
What the heck is this, how do i return, this so disappoint.
I can't recommend this product because the plastic around the metal hinge piece broke off after opening and closing the board once. Very disappointing. I will say that I replaced this inexpensive set with the solid bamboo board made by the same company, and I could not be happier with it. I was going for portability here, but the plastic, though light, was simply not sturdy enough.
I'm pretty disappointed — the product box is damaged albeit the amazon shipping box has no damage whatsoever. This was supposed to be a gift for a big Star Wars fan in my family — and now, I don't think I will gift this. SMH.
I never recived my order
This item worked for about 30 seconds and now all it wants to do is flip over! Changed all the props. and followed the instructions to the letter. If I could rate it less than 1 I would.:(
All of the mesh around is tied off with a zip tie. My box, the zip tie tied the mesh unevenly which made it come undone immediately. Great price, but I'd say skip this purchase.
I ordered this bag for my niece's first day of Preschool. At first the package was supposed to be delivered on August 29th. She didn't get it in time (until Sept. 3rd) and they kept pushing it back further everyday. The bag was supposed to be 16" but it was maybe 12", and very cheaply made.
Ugh, this bottle. It is a good size and functions properly for drinking however, and a big however, it is so poor designed. The decorative plastic is a ring around the core and came loose almost immediately. This makes it almost impossible to open the water bottle to refill because you have to hold the tiny lip of plastic in order to screw the cap off. Such a pain, son loves it, it holds a good amount of water, fine to drink from but refilling is a nightmare!
Obviously one eyes is smaller than another one. too bad. I returns it.
The legs fall off and the arms move but wont stay posed. Im so disappointed. It was what my kid wanted as a reward for getting good grades on his report card. Now i feel bad because as a reward he got a junky figure with legs that wont stay on. My advice dont buy this figure totally not worth it.
This came extremely damaged & unacceptable! As a collector, I'm really surprised it was shipped this way. The box that it was shipped in was in perfect condition, so it wasn't damaged in transit.
The newness wears off in about 5 minutes.
My order states the item has been delivered however I have NOT recieved this item. Who do I contact ?
Very cheaply made! The pendant fell off the first time she wore it!!
The lace on the front of the dress detached from it after a few times my daughter wore it. She is not rough with her things. Very disappointing.
Looks like a turtle, hair is gross..
This is a card game and not really worth the cost. Settlers is a good game, but don't bother with this.
Smelled like formaldehyde so had to return 😩
The product was solidified when I opened the bottle and the brush was stuck to the bottom.
Our package had 2 Rapunzel sets, the Little Mermaid, and NO Frozen Tsum Tsums
Horrible will never buy anything from thus seller again!
The boat stopped working after only a dozen uses. Of course it was just beyond the returnable time frame.
The consistency of this putty is not close to what it appears to look like in pics or videos. Dont buy this, its a waste!
Worse product. Feel apart in the package. Before even opening
This item was never opened and was returned to Amazon. Because of slow delivery we had requested refund then purchased new one. We kept the first one to arrive. Another came two weeks later and was returned to amazon. Now Amazon is trying to charge me for that one too!!
When I received this order, the Hard Hat had a huge open crack about the full length of the top. Had to reorder.
It comes damaged, wall is broken
My order contained two devices, both of which were practically unreadable. I expected the screens of the devices to appear dimmer in person than they do in the product photos, but in no way are the photos representative of the contrast in the display. There are other, much better options available.
This is horrible!! This item is so cute, but not worth it!! It took both me and my husband 2 hours to work on, only to not finish it because it is not level and pieces don't match up. I read reviews, some good some bad. Bit this is really bad!! I would not recommend getting. The door does not match up to stay on, even with the lock on. The horses hair does not match up to screw together completely, the one tire stays in the air even tho it's on the correct side. That's as far as we went since nothing was working right. Calling the company in the morning because we are very unhappy parents.
Boxes came in destroyed. No bubble wrap or care taken packaging the product:(
As soon as they got wet the paint or covering came off. breaks easily too. All the fins are already gone.
We can't use the waterproof camera case because it is missing the o-ring. A simple few cent part that no one can seem to ship me so I don't have to return my grandson's birthday gift. This is outrageous and I am extremely dissapointed especially since I have given Amazon and VTech so much business over the years. I am in total disbelief that I have to go through all these hoops just to get a simple fix.
Huge Beyblade fan. Was fooled by presentation. Box was battered and torn. Beyblade was very bad. Was fake. Wrongs parts. The Sword didn't even move. Do not buy this beyblade.
Horrible product, some came with holes in them and they are impossible to blow up. Once you blow them up you can't close them without them deflating first
The parts were BROKEN! Bought this as my daughters Christmas gift as she wanted a castle for her dolls. She was so excited an now I will have to replace before Christmas. This sucks. DONT BUY
Amazon authorized driver did not use my Amazon hub. Left package at door for porch pirates. Sad =(
Box was crushed when it arrived. Poor packing by seller.
I am disappointed that the water markers are not easy to use. I have to press really hard for anything to show and I'm an adult. I work with children with autism and they are having difficulty gripping the markers and writing on the pads.
I ordered a box just to try my luck. I received a predator chase, I didn't think anything of it until I compared it to another predator chase I had (the same exact one), and the box was slightly different. After doing some digging online, I found that the chase in this mystery box was a fake. Very disappointed, especially being a Funko fan. Don't trust this company!
Picture vs what was actually shipped misleading. Returned iteams
Does NOT work correctly !! I am tired receiving junk stuff ! I don't think that I will order much else from Amazon. And No I will Not send back too much trouble !!!
Firstly, i was sent the wrong train, NO polar express, have one disappointed 2 year old
...but they're absolutely useless. They were to be used as prizes in a claw machine...nope. Trash.
My two year old loves these at first. They are friction propelled, but they are not built well and broke within an hour of light use. The wheels locked up on two of the planes and they couldn't be rolled across the floor at all. Other than that, they looked cute.
These robot fish do not work! They will float along the top of the bowl. Instructions say to weigh them down, but there is no way to do that... My cat ignored the fish and simply drank the water from the fishbowl...
This broke the first day we used it. Very disappointed. Do not recommend. It was cute for the hour that it worked...
My first box was Venom. I don't love the pop itself (red lips are huge, looks silly), but at least it looks like a $30 pop. Going rate on ebay is well over that. The rest of the items are of little importance to me because I expect them to be cheap. I was going to cancel, but was suckered by the prospect of the next box. I was expecting a cool pop considering it was for Marvel's First Ten Years edition. I can't think of a lamer pop idea. I can't imagine anyone that wants an Iron Man 2 fight scene between him and Whiplash. Truly terrible. Did I say lame already? Just pure nonsense. Now that next box looks like a retro x-men box so once again I'm lured in. Like many others, I'm going to give the collectors corp one more go before canceling. However, if I get something as stupid as the Whiplash pop I'm done.
It's hard to be critical of something so inexpensive, but I was not happy with the product. I needed to buy a beach ball for some physical therapy exercises. Many of the Amazon offerings were sold in a package of 12. I didn't need/want 12 beach balls so I purchased this one. Two major complaints: the nozzle to blow up is so short that it is difficult to inflate, and it starts to lose air within less than 30 minutes of inflating. Update: The nozzle just fell apart and I had to throw away. Well, at least I got 2 weeks of rotten use from it. I would recommend that Amazon drop this vendor.
after just snapping the bracelet once it split open, the inside is a cheap sharp pieces of tape measures.
The product arrived defective. The frame of the car was drilled incorrectly and the side rails are diferent lengths. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Never received product
Ordered a pack of 10. Received pack of 5. Product is ineligible for return.
My children loved this microphone. Unfortunately, it only worked for about 5 minutes and we can not get it to work with batteries or a power cord. So disappointing for my girls!
Swivel failed and completely released the swing, causing injury to my 6 year old daughter when she hit the concrete porch. She weighs about 50 lbs and the swing was very light. There is no reason at all why a swivel should be sold with a product that can cause injury to a human when that part is rated for 15 times more than the actual weight it was holding when it failed. See pictures attached which clearly show the metal shaft came right through the eye that was supposed to hold it for at lease a 750 lb load.
Unfortunately the one we received didn't shoot. Pull the trigger and hear the mechanism to fire but dart didn't move. Had to return.
I never received the darn thing
This got a hole in it, split down the side in a few uses! Dont buy!
This was shipped in a bag and the product box was damaged. As a collector of funko pops, the box is very important part and makes this item less collectible if it's damaged. I really wish my item was shipped in a box to prevent from such awful damage to my purchase.
They deflated two hours after blown up with helium, waste of money. Cannot create enough static to keep the star on the edges of the balloons.
I received both wallow rallies on time and my nieces love them as a bday present. After about a day, one won't turn off no matter what
The only reason it has 1 Star is because I couldn't leave a review with ZERO. Don't buy this product. It doesn't work straight out of the package. Very disappointed
They were never delivered. They were recalled because of hazardous materials or damage. I will not buy this product again.
Six weeks and nothing
Never buy this for a kid, it will disappoint them. What a total waste.
They are cheap fans, very cheap. Many were broken before they even were opened. The paper was ripped either from the shaft handle, or just torn up. Some worked great, but I would say 1/4 of them at least are damaged. If you want to get them I suggest you order 3 times the amount you think you would need, so you get enough to hopefully last an hour. I told my kids they have a 7 minute warranty. Once they get off my school bus they won't get a replacement. But the fans which did work were really cute and kids loved them. But I would not trust them to last even a day. I bought 2 types because I needed quite a few, both packages had many failures within it. Buy a lot so you can weed out the bad ones. And don't expect the good ones to last more then a day.
Looks great in the photos, but it is cheap, hard plastic. It comes in 2 pieces: front and back. I'm confident it would not survive, nor your phone if you dropped it from any distance. It's also slick and therefore hard to hold onto.
The package had "dolphin" brand on it. Most of the glow sticks didn't ever glow; those that did were dim. Very disappointing for the kids they'd been bought for. Not the delightful treat I'd expected.
Item was what I ordered but opened the package and the figure was side ways in the box which crushed the figures box ripped the side of the box. Very disappointed was suppose to me a Christmas gift looks like I found it at a tag sale for a $1 yet spent $16
I wish there was better quality control when packaging these sets. Unfortunately
And when it doesnt work you are expected to drive to usps and ship back at your expense. Lame
I do not recommend this product.
The delivery was terrible you don't put a boxed figure in a envelope when I opened it the box is crushed up
Item arrived with chewed up gum stuck on the box inside the packaging. Very disappointed my son had to touch this. Disgusting sick joke. Do not buy from this seller.
I received 4 pieces as advertised. 3 of them fit on the batteries well. The fourth is so malformed, it cannot be used on anything. Don't waste your money.
very cheap feeling and appearing. magnets are cheap as well. would not buy again. very disappointed
I STILL have not received this product......
After showing that this toy would be here in time for my daughters birthday, it arrived a day after and already has a tear in it.
Update. I got replacements for the wands. One charged and turned on, the other gives me some weird error message, a long beep that only stops when I hit the volume button, and then a different error message. Pretty irritated by this. I emailed the company again to see if they can help me out, but it looks like I may just return this and buy something else for my son. Currently I'm not happy with these, as they won't turn on. I charged them for several hours, the battery light turns green, and then they won't turn on. I emailed the company to see if there's support, or something I'm doing wrong, but if that doesn't work, I'll return them. They seemed pretty cool, so I'm super disappointed.
A waste of my money ... I bought these for my children as part of a Christmas gift . More than half were defective . I was very disappointed as my kids love these things . It said they were the original Rocket Copter but the were a cheap knock off . So do some home work before you buy .
Within 4 hours of getting the boat the u joint on the driveshaft broke .It looks like the shaft and motor are not aligned which bound up and broke the pins. Waiting to here from someone now on how to take of this
Huge and unhelpful. Too big to use one handed, can't fit on keys. Tennis ball sized.
The flying ball did not fly at all. The propeller rotated but it just fell to the ground.
Did not stir in even with my mixer. There are not 30 servings unless you want a watery matcha because you can't taste it even when you put in a lot. Will never buy again.
So disappointed about this toy. My son has hugged Woody every morning since Christmas saying how much he loved him. By the middle of January the pull string for Woody to talk no longer retracts which means he no longer talks. It's not fixable either. For $40 I expected to get more than 3 weeks out this toy.
The playing board to this game was not as expected. Appeared to be the classic style hard board that folded in quarters but it is not. It is very thin and when unfolded it does not lay flat. You have to lay several heavy books on the board days in advance to flatten it out. Definitely would not recommend this product!
Poor quality but my 4 year old seemed to love it. The plastic on the blow dryer was all scratched and chipped. Definitely not what I would expect from a brand new product right out of the box.
Missing stickers. Unreturnable because she already did what stickers she had. CRAZY disappointing. Hi again, I am writing this a few days after I wrote the above paragraph. I want to let new buyers know the stickers pop off this. Which is really disappointing because my daughter has the fairy peel and stick, hanging on her wall, that she did over five years ago... all the stickers are still stuck on there. CRAZY DISAPPOINTED
The box came opened even though it said new. They had weird crap on them and smelt off. They're still cute but wow you'd think I got used ones with this condition
DO NOT BUT FROM THIS SELLER!!!! I purchased this drawing mat on February 2, 2018. It is March 26th and I still have not received this item. In my orders, it shows I should receive by March 1st and even shows the item as shipped, but the seller did not provide tracking information (imagine that). I sent 2 emails to the seller with NO response. An email has been sent to Amazon to notify them. I recommended to purchase from a different seller if you want to buy this product. *I had to give a star to submit my review. I'd give this seller 0 stars, if I could.
Cheap but you get what you get for your money the green part broken within 30 min
The item I ordered was not what was in the package, a shower curtain was inside the box. Not very happy
Colors are not as pictured. I was expecting a variety of colors, as pictured, and all cut outs are light.
These people never sent item! then listed it as sent with Amazon! I never received it and it was the Topper for a special ordered cake! These do not offer to resend, one to their customers .They left me in a bad position.!
They were dried out. Will not order again.
Big and cute, but they don't smell AT-ALL like they are supposed to.
This controller do not work as it has to be. Camera movement is not working . Instead camera movement button on the left upper corner just turning the drone. And I receive this controller without charging cable and without manual. Don't buy if you want full functioning controller. The only good thing about it is fast shipping nonfunctional controller.
I am a teacher and I bought this for my classroom. I plugged it in and it worked for about 2 seconds then just stopped. My suggestion, would be don't buy this. It is junk!!!!!
Both velcro strips came dangling on by 2 or 3 pieces of thread
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM I REQUESTED A REFUND WHERE IS IT?
We ordered a 4 pack, 2 wouldn't inflate. And they were very very shallow. Barely held the ice! But I didn't have time to send back and get new ones
This doll came with a broken leg
Product included 2 of the same figure, and didn't include the main character "bendy" even though he's supposed to be included.
I only received 3 boxes 😡
Ripcord broke with in a day
Never received and if could put zero stars...would! No contact by seller at all.
Order was placed March 24. Claimed it was delivered March 31. It is April 10, and I still haven't received it. Emailed company and got automated reply that I would hear back in 48 hours. Still have heard nothing.
Earpieces fell off of 8 of the glasses while taking them out of the package.
We have had this lunch box for about a month & a half now and the back seam has split and the zipper fell off.
It is quite small n boring.
The Nerf gun stopped working within the first night of receiving it. We tried multiple brand new batteries and still nothing. We sent it back
volume very low, couldn't hear music very good. birthday present for granddaughters. which turned 5. neither pr worked good. very disappointed.
2-Day shipping was later changed to a week then package never arrived. Had to get a refund.
I was extremely disappointed when I got the box of markers and the box said animal stamps and the inside the markers were shapes. No very reliable!
I ordered this and received a snape instead.not happy.
Opened the produce for the first time today. It constantly gets jammed and only shoots about 50% of the time, if that. Definitely not worth the price. Would not recommend.
The crystals grew, but then most fell off overnight. When we gently scooted them across the table the rest fell off. Very poor directions too
This product was incredibly disappointing. The item description and pictures on the Amazon marketplace are incredibly misleading. The item is much smaller then the description. It is also made of extremely poor quality materials. the product could barely even stand on its own and would follow over with the change of the air flow. It was pretty much cardboard and cheap plastic that was not made to last more than a week. it lasted my children an hour before they got frustrated with how much it fell over and how shity the quality was, and less than 24 hours before the product was broken.
Got my two Retractable canes and they broke on me right on the spot not happy at all
They look nice, but have zero function. I ordered two different colors...so,presumably not from the same batch...and they were both rejected by both the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone 8 Plus.
Every single pin was a fake.
Just arrived today Product is damaged. Reference photos. What are my options? Replacement??
I ordered silver balloons. The tag stated they were silver balloons. The balloons themselves were bright red! Too much hassle to return and take a gamble and order new ones, as I suspect they might send me more red balloons. Gave them to my niece who will use them for Valentine's Day.
Beautiful kitchen, but three out of 5 doors popped off first day, screws are too small to hold doors on.
Left out in the sun for a day or so and the ball warped tremendously. Basically can only be an indoor ball.
DON'T PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM HOLY STONE!!!!! Here's why, To get a replacement product you must make a video of any issues you are having with Holy Stone Drones, then you must upload the video to you tube and then sit and wait for an answer. Then IF your complaint goes in your favor they will ask you what kind of replacement you want. They won't replace this particular model for many different excuses. Then when you inform them of what you want they will (at least that's what happened to in this case) tell you they don't have that one either. Can't remember what cheap low end model they were trying to push, but that's what happened in this case. So we still haven't received any resolution to the issue. There are other brands out there, don't waste your time with Holy Stone. Oh, almost forgot, this particular model (there were two bought) have the following problems. Speed control doesn't work Sluggish controls Won't do a 360 flip Ability to control lift and land not functioning I'll have to get back with the camera, haven't tried it yet. YOU MUST REMOVE ANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS BEFORE HOLY STONE WILL GO ANY FURTHER. Part of message from Holy Stone Would you please send us a short video for better analysis? You can attach the video directly for upload the video to You Tube then send us the link.
Not what I expected...too small
For the price this is not worth it, doesn't come with a lot of play dough and doesn't come with any containers to put play dough away in! I've bought $8 play doh kits for my son and those molds feel way less cheap than the ones that came with this one. Would not recommend.
Could not play the game. All the game pieces where missing
I find it extremely costly for the product. I do not recommend it
I ordered these with 2 day Prime shipping. Ordered on Tuesday for a Sunday party. No notification that delivery would be delayed until Thursday, when it said they would be delivered Monday. At that point they said it was too late to cancel the order. They didn't even ship until Saturday! I'm a long-time Prime customer but that is because delivery within 2 days is so reliable.
I bought this for my 6 year old to practice his kicks for Taekwondo. He doesn't hit or kick very hard so I figured it would be a good option. We followed the inflation directions and by the next morning it was completely flat. Will not hold air for a long period of time. I am guessing there is a slow leak in it that I can't find. We have to re-inflate it right before my son wants to use it. I wouldn't purchase again or recommend it only because it doesn't hold its shape.
Wish I would have read the reviews before ordering. The description is misleading. You get only ONE squishie.
It was so small! My daughter wears 4t so that's what I ordered but it probably fits more like a 2t. I couldn't even get it over her head.
I did not receive the right you. I ordered the playground and I received the pool. I'm not sure how to report this or fix it.
Too dry. Will not hope a shape.
They never sent me the right product
The square blocks were not included in my package. Is there a way I could get just the square blocks ?
Good thing legos aren't breakable. LEGO Box was smashed! Disappointing as this was a gift.
The beyblade I got was a fake that was plastic when it is supposed to have metal and the forge disk came off which is not supposed to and the driver was also made of plastic and not rubber I advise anyone who is suggesting on buying this product not to.
Discolored. Other companies sell much better quality for this item. Returned for refund.
Product is fine; however, I will never buy from this seller again because they will not stop sending me emails "requiring information" regarding the sale, ie, some form of feedback. I chose to ignore the first request and have now been sent another stating that the seller "requires" additional information from me. No, no additional info is "required" and any emails of this type are a form of harassment.
said it would climb walls
Looks much smaller than in the picture. Returned.
This was the worst glue i have every purchased. It was thick and clumpy. I can't describe how it looked. A total waste of money
It was smashed in the box, so it wouldn't hold its shape. The sequins were already coming apart.
Garbage don't waste your money the colors are just stickers that will eventually come off in a short amount of time.
Items arrived bent amd damaged.
Sent me a frisbee that couldn't be more opposite of the design and color that I ordered. If you're out of stock of an item, state that and not just send whatever you have laying around. Big disappointment.
The cage I got was not that same as picture. Didn't have any extra rings and the locking mechanism was loose and felt very cheap.
Missing 2 outfits from the set. Only got 3 outfits and utensils but missing 2 Picture shows more outfits
Never received the product despite providing the correct delivery address and name. Likely, this was a an issue with the postal company. Unfortunately, however, the merchant was not willing to send it to a second address provided. This being the case, I requested a refund. I was disappointed to only receive a partial refund. The merchant refunded me $11 of the $17 I was charged due to amazon and shipping fees the merchant reports incurring. $6 isn't very much, but it's quite the bummer to have “lost” this money for a product that was not received.
Cute product but does not work.
Bought this as a bday gift for my son. It worked for about 1 week and that was it, very upsetting. Wouldn't recommend this it all
is very cheaply made
This is really cheap chalk. I ended up throwing it all in the trash because it is so scratchy and unpleasant to write with. You can tell by how lightweight each piece is - it's about half the weight of a good, smooth-writing piece of chalk. I had to buy it because I'm a teacher and my school has discontinued purchasing colored chalk for us. I thought Crayola would be a high-quality brand but I was wrong.
These balloons were a complete disappointment. Once they touched the ceiling they popped. As a result, I had no balloons at my party.
this is plastic. got lost in looking for wooden rainbow set I guess, but in fairness it does not say “plastic” per se
I got ripped off. This is NOT 10X. This is 3X at best! A cheap magnifying glass, not worth the space it would take up in the junk drawer.
Very cheap did not last 1 day. ripped muliple places the same day my son wore it. it is a very cute custome and it sucks that it is very cheaply made.
My son was so excited to finish his Arduino project. But 5 of these were jittery and didn't work. So we returned them.
Very disappointed. For the price, I thought they would sing the words to the songs so my grandson could hear and learn the nursery rhymes. I do not recommend this at all.
Broke after 3 days.... Such a disappointment
Amazom gave me the wrong fucken one, ordered the unicorn but got the dog instead, it looks like a good present or pillow but just the wrong one i wanted
Only 3 of 6 have come. Please tell me one more tracking number or refund 3 of them please contact me The seller sent me two boxes and I have one tracking number.
Took my chances and ordered the used mic. It stopped working within the first day. Overall the mic looked new with packaging but stopped working.
Wig was super nappy. It wasn't what the picture showed
Rather than a package of 12, I received only ONE!!
Three boxes floating around in a larger box with a couple of other items. Chalk dust on everything. Each piece of chalk was broken into thirds. Very disappointed.
Hi You said that you are sending and deliver this purchase but I didn't get it yet
I was very disappointed when it arrived it have no Sound
Very poorly made. The mechanism that spins to make it bounce is too big and stays in a bind that keeps it from spinning most of the time. The rubber pieces that stick out easily can be pulled off and are small enough for a baby or animal to swallow.
cheap. broke without even using them!
I ordered this doll for my niece and less than a month later the arm broke while she was playing with it after school such a disappointment
piece where I held the spinner popped off on the first day and although i can hold it back on there, it won't stay in place...
The main gear or motor didn't come with this package.
These are fake don't order them
The gold balloons are SUPER small and also will not float when filled with helium.
missing the small red hand broom please send a replacement
it sucks i got it for slime and it dose not work like it said and its not 10 gallons .
After playing with for only a few minutes it got stuck in one position....not a good design.
Do NOT order from this retailer. I order cow print balloons for my daughters birthday and I received SPRAY PAINTED balloons to make the cow print. The smell was horrendous and most of them were smudged. I'd give zero stars if I could.
Frustrating toy!!!! Does not stay together. Not worth the purchase
Although this item is quite adorable and looked fun, I received a unit that did not work properly. It does not respond to my touch about half the time. Playing anything becomes impossible when about half your notes don't register. It appears to be very cheaply made. Amazon refuses to return due to health and safety issues. However, they issued a full refund when I asked about returning it. I would absolutely not purchase this again or recommend getting one.
I have never been disappointed with a product that I ordered from Amazon. I am now. The size is the issue.
This is a piece of plastic not a window cling garbage waste of money
I wish I had read these reviews before purchasing. I bought two for twin grandsons. We spent an hour trying to figure out how to put them together. Different parts in the two different bags. Very disappointing. Will be returning.
Never arrived and they provided a DHL tracking code that didn't exist.
The product I received is smaller than advertised, oddly shaped, and basically a cheap fabric cover on a stress ball. Very disappointing, and not worth the money at all.
Popped during first use!
Yesterday, I received an empty envelope with the side ripped open. It was a poorly made envelope to ship this in. I cannot seem to find how to contact amazon or the seller for a replacement or refund. Receiving no product and seeing how to fix it stinks!
This item came used, was repackaged and sold as “new”. The box was taped shut, but it was a gift for my daughter for Christmas, so I didn't want to open it to check it out. When she opened it Christmas morning, it was scratched in multiple places with black smudge marks/dirty, and paint missing from several places. Very disappointed.
I never got the product! I purchased a lot of barbies the same day I purchased this one and that I had ordered this barbie and never received it. I'm sure it's too late now to make a complaint.
I this for my son for his birthday When he opened the package this item wasn't in the package. He was crying and very upset. I will not be getting this item again. Also the company I supposedly got it from wanted me to spend more money so I can my money back.
This clearly states your purchasing a “pack of 12”. I ordered 2, expecting to receive 24. Why did I only receive 2 individual wristbands?
The balloon barely lasted blown up for 10 mins. Bad quality
This didn't work for us. No bubble were coming out of it when we used, not sure if it was fan issue or something else.
Returned because we couldn't even make anything with it! It was SUPER messy and would just spin the clump of clay and not turn into anything - we couldn't get it to turn into a bowl or anything basic/simple. We had one disappointed kiddo :(
I ordered and came broken, reordered and chain came broken,. It has to be broken to get it to fit through the teeny tiny hole the chain goes through. I tried to buy new chains but couldn't find anything small enough to fit through the hole in the necklace. What a deceiving joke!
Arrived broken, Wallace was decapitated.
This is not what I thought it would be at all. Poorly made, very cheap plastic front with no back to it. It should have cost less than $1 and no more, it is made out of the same hollowed out plastic of a Halloween mask when you were a kid. I thought I was buying a cool looking replica of the heart clock given to the Tin Man in the movie of The Wizard of OZ. I had no expectation that it would work or be made of brass or another metal. I figured it would be made of a durable plastic mold of a clock shaped in a heart. This is just so sad and pathetic, real waste of money and a big disappointment...yes I copied what another reviewer said....I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing
Do not buy this product It is very small 2 inches x 2 inches Not at all worth the price !!
Got this for my son for Christmas. He just opened it and it all came assembled and without three screwdrivers that the box advertises. Highly disappointed. How can it be a STEM product with missing pieces.
The heads pop off very easily and become a serious choking hazard. I'd only purchase for children over the age of five.
These mugs are crap , very small size...who are they for midgets? Cheaply made, yuck! Not at all as represented!!
This product is very old as it will not work properly due to corrosion from batteries erupting. I will be asking for a refund. Oh they do not offer r refunds. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS STORE!
This is a Rip off do not buy!!!
Do not like this float at all. It is not safe.
If I could leave no stars I would. This beyblade never came and I even wrote them 2 emails. DO NOT buy from this company!!
Didnt fire, not worth 40 dollars if it doesn't. I don't know what the probability of getting a defective one is but I don't recommend risking it unless your prepared to have to return the gun on the first try.
Poor quality and not eligible for return! That really made me angry. Stay away from sellers like this.
the E that comes in the set was defective. I was unable to blow up the center piece of the E, so the letter ended up looking like a C. This was a complete disappointment since I was using these to set up for a bridal shower.
Looked cute but did not stick to guest outfits (200 people). They were all over the floor from falling off. Guests mentioned the great party and the horrible sticking name tags.
Never received product. Not sure if something happened with the company or mail but had to request a refund from Amazon. Never heard from the company.
The kitchen door does not stay on when opened and the hooks did not fit into the holes properly. The quality of this product sucks. I would not have purchased this item had I known that the parts would not fit properly on the play kitchen. This was a waste of money.
I had an issue be with how loud it is but I was promptly refunded
Bought two for my daughters. Product does not blow more than two or three bubbles at a time even with the supplied bubble solution. The music sounds like a broken record when you have to retry the trigger every few seconds. Very disappointed.
The blue tooth doesn't work:(
Received on a Saturday - put together (very carefully and completely as directed) on a Sunday morning - set aside to use in a program on Monday AM (very protected from harm) ... walked in to get it Monday morning and all the tape had completely fallen off & rubber band and clips scattered everywhere! Amazon refunded - but wasn't able to use for program - and company's response was to contact Amazon when all I asked for was replacement tape & clips to be mailed to me!!!! Not them...not helpful at all - buyer beware...
I bought this product for my daughter's birthday a couple months early and when she just went to use them in the pool none of them will inflate and now my return window is closed so I'm stuck with 4 tubes that won't inflate. Waste of money and a very sad 3 year old!!!
Game has been opened. Yuck. Someone used this game. Then they taped it shut. Amazon sent it to me as a new game!!! NOT GOOD? IN FACT, TERRIBLE.
In my opinion, it's not worth more than 5 dollars
Poor quality. Popped after only a few uses.
Coloring books came damaged...hole in front cover. Stickers extremely small.
Can't even blow it up. Way too expensive for this thing to be broken. I'm so upset. I really needed it today. I even threw the box away thinking it would be fine.
What a disappointment. None of the experiments really worked well. Some of them were missing steps and some of the instructions were vague.
I didn't receive this item. I don't know what to do. It wasn't delivered. Amazon is not offering options in that regard. Who's fault is it?
Very fun toy until it broke the same day after my son was playing with it. He's only one years old so he simply just pushes it back and forth across the floor. The wheel fell off and now it's done.
COMPLETELY CRUSHED UPON DELIVERY! SEND ME A NEW ONE, THIS TIME PACKAGE IT PROBABLY!
I do not even know where to start!! It takes 2 C cell batteries and they are dead in a matter of an hour. even with fresh batteries, the motor goes horrifically slow. You can barely mold the clay on the wheel. The tools are merely for show, since they do nothing to help in the creation. Only if i had known how CHEAP this product is........
Only one, too expensive
Don't buy! They are tiny and really cheap looking.
Lasted a short time before breaking. Does not move anymore.Just makes a grinding noise.
This brush broke the first time it was used! 😒
The material is very thin. It ripped upon first use. Will be returning.
Fell apart of one use. It blew a hole in the side after one use. Made very cheap and the plastic is very thin.
Don't buy. Very cheaply made. Ad said 2” and as you see they are an inch or less
These squishies had no faces
Seller can't tell what they sell, I received a weird cube thing instead of what is pictured. Do not buy.
Doesn't work. Not enough liquid
My daughter loves LOL dolls but guys, this is junk. I assumed it would be similar to the size of the dolls, because that makes sense. Nope, it's large, hard plastic and came with 3 tiny accessories that were not fun to open. It's just junk.
I ordered this two months ago but have yet to receive the item. They claim I was going to receive it two weeks ago. I contacted the seller a week ago and asked for an update but no one ever responded. Horrible company, don't buy from them!
I didn't even bother opening the boxes- the box is so horribly translated that we cannot give these away at our holiday event. While a flexible wrist might come in handy, I don't think any of our guests want their babies having sex.
This item made my son break out in hives. Any part of his body that touched the material turned red with huge hives
This was a fake. my child is very dissapointed
These didn't blow any bubbles at all. While the packaging is cute, the want seems to be too small to actually work.
When i ordered this i expected cheap material but at least i was hoping all pieces would be whole. When i recieved my order multiple pieces where broke and had missing stones, really disappointed in this product.
Product not as described. Recieved monkey with a yellow shirt. Will be returned.
First, I would like to say, I bought this Zoomer Show Pony with Lights, and when it arrived yesterday, the box was damaged. I bought this for Christmas for my grandaugher and I'm very embarrassed to give to her. Never mind I don't even know if it will work. Usually things I buy are in Amazon boxes, so was really surprised to see it in it's original box. Not sure what I should do about this. I don't want the expense of sending it back.
Squishies were ripped right out of the package and the eyes were pealing.
Annoying toy and voice, with odd songs.
The reindeer nose broke upon the first usage.. And i am talking about the plastic nose not even the black thread connected to it..
Pointless annoying toy that is way to much for what it does. A very pointless toy
Very poor quality & performance
They are so cheaply made
The sound did not work when it arrived. Wasn't worth the paying of shipping to return and then send a new one. Lucky my husband was able to fix the wires which weren't attached...... has held up ever since.
This is a gift for someone and I find it unexceptable to give it to her now. The box is all banged up.
Went across the carpet once and right wheel stopped spinning. Took it apart to see if maybe some dog hair was wrapped around the axle or something. Their wasn't anything caught in it but a big chunk of the plastic that covers/ holds the gears on the motor was missing and the gears were binding up.
Don't know! never got one. ordered two.
Product broke less than 5 minutes of use. Not made of quality durable materials. Would not recommend.
Not what we ordered! And no refunds or exchange?
This fidget spinner is very poor quality and ships directly from China, meaning it doesn't have to meet the US safety standards as its not through a US retailer. I returned the product as I had serious concerns about the amount of lead in the toy that I was planning on giving to a child. Buyer BEWARE!
I wasn't expecting anything fancy for the low, low price - but I hoped it could function as a stage prop drinking horn. Nope. The plastic was thin, the straps virtually unusable, and a 95 year old in the back row would know it was a cheap fake.
The item was not new not satisfied
The mask stunk so bad can not wear it and it's oversized and just plain cheaply done
Looks ok but is very lightweight styrofoam like material. Thin, lightweight.
Box came fully sealed but it was missing 100 pieces. Needless to say, it was a waste.
Only bounces back and forth a couple of times then stops
Do not waste your money on this product
Quality is not the best
The product initially seems of good quality, however due to very poor quality control, one of the encoders is not usable. The axis is round and does not fit the notched wheel. Attached are the photos of both encoders, one good and one bad. We haven't even got to test anything so I don't know if the parts actually work. I can't even return the item as it has been shipped to me outside the states.
There is nothing “jumbo” about these. What a waste.
Does not hold up to the weight that was listed! I have a 20lb dog and when he's in it he sides fold in and it begins to sink. I will never recommend this product to anyone. Maybe if you have a 5lb puppy it would work but anything over 10lbs and that's pushing it, I definitely would not waste the money that charge for this float.
LAME!!! Has some random dude recorded saying “this is (pups name)”...🤨. Low sound
We got total 4 balls for my daughter thought was such a good deal, but she got more disappointed then ever because She got 4 of the same doll. What a waste of our money n disappointed purchases which can't be return.
This was horrible....The bug is as big as a mouse and the pkg was in shambles when I received it.
This item was ordered and never received. I'd give zero stars if possible. No option to message the seller. Says was delivered, and I received other items, but this was not included.
Busted as soon as I got it :(
This is complete garbage. Waited forever to get it, and the pieces don't even fit together. Don't waste your money
I dont have it yet.. Were is my item
Cheap made product. It did not have all of the parts to put it together. The pics looks better than the product. Save your money. It's not worth buying.
Took forever to arrive and the box was smashed
What a piece of plastic garbage
Popped after 1 day. My son was so sad. I purchased the correct one based on his weight and we only used it inside. Incredibly disappointed
Need my money back or a new item, it was not properly packed, so the pop got crush , It does not give me the option to return or get it replaced, will contact Amazon Customers Service I will place a complaint.
I would not buy these again. They crumbled in the water and lasted maybe 3 baths. Also they come in these plastic containers that aren't designed well.
My daughter wanted pink. The description states pink, the photo shows pink. It shows up and it's blue. Why would you do that?
This seller is horrible I placed my order back in March still haven't received it very disappointed I tried contacting them still haven't heard nothing what a waste of time and money please do not buy from them
CHEAP MATERIAL, MADE IN CHINA !!! The dinosaurs have terrible chemical smell on them. I wouldn't let my kids be in the same room with them yet playing with !!! People do anything in these days for money ! Do not buy this for your kids !
It broke after the first use. What more do you want to know? Don't buy this.
I bought this sticker for a friend for her new car. She said she put it on at night (and she's had other decals on her old car, she knows how to put them on,) and the next morning it was laying on the ground and wouldn't stick back onto her window. You get what you pay for...
Tiny containers of play doh and cheap plastic toys.
I'm actually really upset right now! I just opened these cus my daughter's birthday party is this weekend and we were planning on using the Mal to make a doll cake but when I turned the doll over, it's like someone chopped the back of her hair off!!!!! She has short hair in the back and long only in the front. It's all choppy throughout. Is this a mistake? I cannot image she is supposed to look like this.
Bought two of these items to spray on my truck wheels and was completely disappointed!! This item had terrible coverage, didn't look like mirrored gloss as they claimed and I followed the instructions to the letter. I wanted to return the cans for a refund but read that I'm unable too being the type of materials they are, so it's my personal loss. I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
I never received my item and did not receive a response from the seller when I inquired about my purchase. Do not use
These gloves showed up at our house and only 2 fingers on each hand actually work!!!!! JUNK JUNK JUNK
We were disappointed to find that it only came with 3 of the plushies instead of the 4 that were advertised. :( of course, the return window was closed by the time our son opened them for Christmas.
It was missing the wheel spokes so it doesn't even work. I had a very disappointed 4 year old
Small, flimsy & cheap!
Does not count coins. Would like refund
I ordered this for my 3 year olds birthday. He opened it last night and we set it up this morning. It is already torn and many of the seems are coming apart! What a disappointment!!! I would advise against this product the material is horrible and didn't even last 10 minutes! He's 3 and not at all aggressive or rough with the product.
A part is missing and I will be returning this item
Item arrived damaged, product looks like it would be good. Seller was unable to replace with a working drone. Buy with caution
Bought these for my girls for Christmas. They worked great for almost a week. Not worth the money.
When I put a penny in, they thought it was a dime. I've tried to reset so it is accurate and it still did not work. I need to return this product
BEWARE!!! MY 1 year old used the car for about a week and loved it. . We charged the car more then once and it all worked well. Suddenly the car will not charge anymore, we bought a new charger thinking that was the problem, still nothing. I have reached out to the seller in hopes of what we can do and no one has responded. So now we have this $200.00 car my son cannot use just sitting there. I am willing to but any parts needed if only the company would respond. total disappointment.
Came out of the box broken. Very cheap plastic with hollow plastic legs for a tripod. Stay away and save your money.
I got a wrong item, they sent me a balance scale!
Can't rate it cause it wasn't in the box that my "shattered light was in "
This is my third attempt at leaving/writing a review; it's almost as if Amazon frowns upon negative reviews? I display my Funko Pop collection but this one I won't as its display box is too damaged. Looks as if it was sat on.
Product was shipped with no care box damage. Product was shipped with no bubble wrap or anything to protect my item. Very unsatisfied with handling of my product that I purchased.....
This company has false shipping advertisement, it suppose to be prime shipping and they even have get it the next day for free and i order it for my son's birthday 4 days ago and they have it mark as delivered but i never got it and there is ALWAYS somebody at home 24/7
You can get these elsewhere for just over $3 a piece. DO NOT BUY Rip-off and will not accept returns. Would give 0 stars if possible!
they said these toys where 3-5 inches and they are tiny 1 inch for autistic child, its christmas i have to try to give it to him, he may eat them.............................................thanks alot
I rarely write reviews, but the SmART Sketcher no longer reads the SD Cards. I have been working directly with the company who makes these but now am trying to figure out who is going to replace the original one I purchased.
Terrible quality for the price. I'm not sure why they charge so much, my daughter wore it once to school for two hours and it didn't even hold up for those two hours. If I could return it, I would.
Cheap quality. Not recommended
The float was great for my husband who had knee surgery however the 4th time he used it He sat down on it and the seat came detached from the arms. Very disappointed in the durability and production of this product
Only one of the four support pieces arrived intact. The other 3 were broken. 2 of the PVC top supports were bent and would not support the top. I was EXTREMELY disappointed. The hassle of return with no guarantee the replacement would be in any better shape, led to duct tape and gorilla glue as well as a trip to Lowe's for a replacement piece of PVC. Will not purchase from this vender again.
The necklaces couldn't even stay together so all the beads were always falling off and went missing. Not worth the money
Much smaller and poor quality than what I expected.
I paid for 6 items. Received 5. returned and they sent the same number
I was excited to get this tray to use on the 4th of July. It arrived broken, however, so I had to return it. It wasn't packed very well at all, so, I was didn't ask for a replacement for fear it, too, would arrive broken. I was very disappointed.
Ordered Two and UPS dropped both at someone else's house! Luckily one made it to me. The other never did show up..
Check out my pictures! These are NOT appropriate toys for children! Or anyone! The skirts barely cover the mermaids' BARE BOTTOMS! And the toys are CHEAP & FALL APART! I was unable to use these for a 2-year-old's mermaid party! Obviously! Waste of $$.
Disappointed in this product. The first time my child used the water pen onto the floor pad, it didn't really result in any impressions on the pad. It's faded at best, and pretty much a waste of money. I know it's cleaner than using actual markers, but my child immediately lost interest because the magic mat wasn't working as it was promised.
This toy was not a quality choice, my 2 year old had it broken by the second day. Very cheaply made and paid too much for it to be made so cheaply. Very unsatisfied with the product.
I'm sending it back. Everything on the tin is in Chinese. The little booklet inside with a story is also in Chinese.
Broke within the first use. Also, hard to zip up after sand. How did it get so many 5 stars reviews?
This seller had slow fulfillment time and sent the wrong item and does not want to take it back!
We never received this product. Was shipped a seat belt pillow instead.
Wouldn't go into the ground no matter what we tried. Ended up damaging them, so we just tied them off to other things.
Has loose red threads coming out of the stitching, not safe for baby!
Bought these last year for a nighttime parade and only had a few not work, this year the lot I purchased was totally useless, out of the 48 I purchased only about 8 stayed lit, the rest had to be thrown away along the parade route because they did not stay on, it was embarrassing
Was very disappointed in this product. It was like I got it out of a toy vending machine. Not good quality at all. There was a small tear and a hole with the stuffing coming out. It was not the size it showed online.
My husband spent 3 hours trying to make this game work. After an hour I suggested giving up, but he wouldn't. He went from tv to tv hoping, but it would never calibrate. He finally called it quits at 3 hours. We sent it back.
My product was missing some. I was 8 short !!!
Just gave my daughter her new doll yesterday and won't stop leaking.
Arrived dirty and scratched. Robot itself with accessories were thrown into a banged up box, no packaging to protect the robot. Didn't even work upon arrival. Extremely dissatisfied!
it was advertised as having 10 small eggs inside. I had ordered 2 since my daughter has 18 1st grade students. I wanted to give each child one for Easter. I complained as did others and they did change product description to 1 pound egg after 2nd complaint from me. I kept eggs since I gave 1 to granddaughter and still have the other. I purchased other Easter gifts for the students.
There was no car in the clear plastic insert on the box. It looks to have been removed and someone took it out and shipped without the included car.
Very small. Much smaller than I thought.
Product was obviously previously opened and was missing items.
Very thin plastic, but that would have been ok if the top wasn't smashed in when received. This had to have been shipped with it already smashed as the box was in perfect condition so it didn't happen during shipping. Should pay more attention and not ship out damaged goods to paying customers.
Size in inaccurate. Runs way too small
Didn't work most of the time. Return it.
This is a terrible seller and sent the wrong toy twice. I had to explain to a heartbroken 3 year old why he did not get the toy he wanted not once but two times.
This is the third Amazon purchase in as many weeks that has been delivered to the wrong address and I'm VERY upset! My daughter contacted Amazon the last time. They stated it was the drivers error and they will correct the problem...well guess what...it happened again and is a birthday gift for my grand daughter. I've been purchasing from Amazon for years and never had any problems now this! Three times! Oh and we don't feel comfortable knocking on their door for personal reasons. Please refund me ASAP.
Lasted 10 minutes, then cracked. Wasn't dropped on a hard surface. And "no return" policy.
I ordered this for my 8 year old son's birthday party - it is horrible! It is thin card stock, printed on only one side and arrived bent with a large crease in it. WAY too expensive for what this is. Don't waste your money.
This company sold me a product that was sued and was missing parts
Got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. The ballerina wouldn't make a full spin without getting stuck.
Our puzzle was somehow missing pieces. We discovered this early on but decided to finish it to determine how many. Looks like I paid for a 345 piece puzzle. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
In one month 3 of the four bottles broke.
Wasn't doing good, jammed up a lot of times when you were moving up and around. I bought less than 3 months and no way to return it back.
The advertised picture & the balloons you receive are not the same. The balloons are not metallic nor gold. They are YELLOW! Completely disappointed with the balloons
Terrible, waste of money. Can't understand the directions on the box. Does NOT fly
Billed as a retro toy... it is actually a miniature version. Taught me to be more diligent about reading details and other reviews.
VERY poor quality item. The grammar on the package is very poor. I ordered this as a gift, but I just couldn't give it.
Do not recommend purchase . Doll didn't work , returned and did not receive full refund !
Did not work as a charger or mp3 auxiliary in the the car. I had to return the items.
The balloons wouldn't fly once inflated with helium.
This bracelet looks much more like lead than pyrite. Nothing like that shiny gold of the picture. I am seriously wondering what they are actually made of and whether or not I can actually wear it. Bum deal!!!
These taste horrible and are not at all healthy. The only benefit is it gets them started with measurements however is extremely pricey. Easy Bake in my day was amazing not anymore
The colorful ball exploded after my five-year-old played with it for about ten minutes. Left a huge mess, with about a million oily little colored balls everywhere. This might work for a very calm kid but don't chance it for anyone with lots of energy.
Not very heavy springs and pore seals and leaked oil everywhere and the upper mounting points on 2 of the shocks blew apart very poor quality
I would give no stars...poor quality, does not match images shown, very few items of variety. Better off going to the dollar store
Very disappointed in them. Like the other reviews one of them was apart when I opened box and another fell apart when I was wrapping it. Would not order from again
I have not received this item. It says it was delivered, but I have not received it. I wrote to you last week. Please refund my money on this item that was not delivered..
Zipper never worked on bag
Balloon came with a fairly large hole in it. Waste of money.
I have ordered this twice now and only recieve an 8" Gizmo plush. No sound, no movement, nothing just a regular stuffy. I will be sending it back again for a refund since item is not what is described and over priced for a regular stuffy.
Scary , baby almost got stuck
These are not leather!
This puzzle is very poorly made - the cardboard started coming apart almost immediately after my son used it. We had to return it.
Took it outside but it did not regulate the height as advertised, it just flew away. My daughter was crushed. Waste of money, without instructions.
This beautiful Saint Joseph figurine arrived with the head broken off. since it is a non returning item ( I just found out) I am unable to return it.
I bought these and my kids loved them. After 2 days of squishing them the plug in 2 of them burst oozing out a white sticky substance. The sad part was that the kids really loved squishing them. (These where high school kids not little ones so they were handled appropriately)
A small paper pathetic look a like boom box. Didn't see the point in the product.
The product is decorative and doesn't work for game
I opened it up on 25 and try to fly it and one of the motor stop working need to talk with someone
Never received product over four months later don't buy from this seller
The letters received do not spell what is pictured! Huge disappointment. The male strippers were a cute touch to the bachelorette party still.
Not the best game it runs very very slow. So very unhappy with this game
The quality on this game is atrocious. This is NOT a high quality farkle party. The plastic is cheap, the coloring is terrible. DO NOT purchase from this seller
Broken in the first time my son used it.. not for kids to easy to break.
Ordered but never received
These are great for staring at the homeless people in Toronto
Very tiny rolls. I thought they were big like the ones in the store.
This item is extremely hard to close! After reading the instructions, I was closing the item....it requires patience and a lot of pressure. I sliced my hand when holding one end (as the instructions tell you to do). You can see a slice and you can also see the circle slice from the stick.
I received 2 seven star balls, 4 four star balls, and a six star ball. Missing one, two, three, and five star ball. Waste of money.
The game was poorly packaged and was damaged upon arrival. BUYER BEWARE!
Very poorly put together some lids Lose would not buy again.
Asked for the original and got a knockoff
Update- decided to keep the bottles. I kept forgetting them. I gave them to my 2 year f for her bday and within 2 hours they were broken. These are trash The bottles were not full of the liquid. They only filled 1/2 way back up. I let them sit over night and still wouldn't fill back up. This is equivalent to a dollar store product. Definitely over priced and sucks. Got it on a prime day deal and still am returning.
Box was damaged! If you are a collector don't order Funko pops from Amazon. On almost every occasion but one or two, the boxes were damaged on shipment due to poor packaging. The only reason I kept my order is because I display some funkos out of the box and I pre-ordered most of my Funko pops months ago.
Box was wrecked and creased and ripped
these came in a vacuum sealed bag. the yellow balloons picked up the purple one, so looked weird. and the rubber bands are all dried out and brittle.
I ordered it since Sunday and they sent it to me on a Wednesday, too late
Battery connector was separated from the cable. Looks like a cold solder joint.
Terrible. Fell apart after a few turns.
The buttons and on/off switch had a mind of its own
Looked fun but never received it. Oh well.
Not well made. Arrived with chunks taken out of it. Very poor quality.
Was very excited to purchase it, but no holes where should fix this very disappointed.
On arrival, seams are not sealed and leaking, actual round holes in the seams. You get wetter trying to use it than your victim. It does squirt, but left wetter than the target. Really poor quality, you'd expect it to hold and shoot water. not to leak from all seams.
Do not buy. This thing isn't even worth $5. It only has one speaker and is made from the cheapest plastic. It's basically a cheap Chinese piece of craps
These are tiny! They have strange faces on them.
Arrived missing microphone. It looked like someone removed the microphone. Original package had been opened prior to shipment - no seals and damaged internal packaging. Retail package severely beat up. This looked like it may have been a used return that was just repackaged and sold as new. Cannot comment on the product quality other than for the price this is a very extensive toy. I returned the product because it was not what I expected and I would never give a gift in this condition, even to a child.
Vector will not keep a charge. 2 minutes of play and 10 minutes charge time. Box seal was already broken when I got it. Will be sending back.
I never received the item! Still waiting on reorder
Update: Zipper broke after a month. Very disappointed in the quality. Complete junk! Really cool book bag with lots of pockets. My son loves it.
The noise part of this toy stopped working after 5 days. To me, not worth the $$!
This was a Christmas present for my son. Unfortunately, I threw the box away so can't return it. It does not work. The flashlight turns on but the knob to change the pictures does not work. It is cheaply made. The picture is stuck in the same position and can't turn.
This was smaller than I expected for the prices y'all charge and the products are smaller ...
Do not order did not receive the charizard box as advertised. I got one you can just go to Wal-Mart and buy
Very poor quality. Broke after one wear.
It wont hold a charger it basically works when it want no satisfied at all
So unhappy with this. As you can see from the photos, a number of the edge pieces are so thin that several of them fell apart before we even opened the package. What a waste of money.
Never received my order.
Damaged like every pop ever on amazon because they never use protection. Small box with huge box and empty space with no bubble wrap or proper protection
Was extremely disappointed in this item, it is very small, I think my shopping days with amazon are over, I have not been happy with any of the orders I received.
Very flimsy Wrapped in plastic. Not a good gift item
Well I'd like to submit a review of how awesome these were for the relay race I'm hosting at night and how everybody loved them. But.....they never came!!! The order said they were delivered in a "secure location" on a day that I was home all day. Didn't hear a knock at the door, nothing in the mailbox, nothing at all. Would give 0 stars for 0 product.
Broken. It didn't blow up any balloons. It was horrible. I ended up going to Walmart and buying one for $4.00 that worked after having to blow up about 50 balloons by mouth for an event. I was very disappointed!!
What a disappointment for my son on Christmas morning. The controller will not pair to the phone and the game can't be accessed without getting through this step. We're in the process of attempting to download the app on a third phone to see if it will work (the download takes a minimum of 20 minutes). I have very little hope and will likely be returning.
Glasses dont stay on and break easily. Frustrating and not suitable for young children. .
Missing lids on some of colors- super disappointed I couldn't get a refund since I thought it was a prime item when I ordered them.
some of the colors don't stay down so you can't write with them. Once you get it to stay down and start to write- the top button/lid pops off and flies through the air. It is hard to get some of the inks to work- some inks never start working. Go buy this product somewhere else.
I ordered two by mistake, and tried to return the unopened product. Was not able to. That is ridiculous. Lesson learned, never again will order from this site.
Terrible. Twice as small as shown, no chain, and completely plastic, wouldn't buy for any more than 50¢
I bought this for my neice's 6th birthday. Her excitement soon turned to disappointment when the coveted bunny pet looked like this after washing, drying and grooming. Yes that's right, this sewer rat is the AFTER photo.
After blowing up once I knew this was crap. The bottom does not keep air, has to be re-filled after at least 2 hours. Returning and finding something else. This is crap!
The product details as well as picture clearly communicate 3-pack of Hatchimals Keychain, Backpack Clip: 3-Pack. I only received one Hatchimal. I decided it was better to just get a refund than deal with deceptive a company.
I received this and it did not work.
One of her legs broke 2 days after she got the toy.
The flutes work just fine. But the don't at all stay in the blue foam holster. I think my child would have liked it if he could hold all of them together.
I thought this was a cool novelty too bad the figure cant wear hat and hair at the same time save your money.
This life is like a baby size don't buy it this is this like toy
Received a faulty item, poor balance, string not tied correctly at base and the finger slot is very small. Also not returnable. Had to call amazon and they offered a refund. Had to order another from a different manufacturer.
decals were all white, picture when ordering showed colored decals, plus did not even cling to window, in the trash now
Just opened this product that I bought for my daughter's birthday. After reading pretty good reviews, I was very excited about this. I went ahead and set it up to make sure that everything worked. As I was unpacking it, I noticed places on the window that looked like stickers had been there but were removed. Then, I turned it on, and the claw would never open up to grab anything. It also had stuffed animals in it that were suppose to be sold separately. I may be wrong, but it seems like this item had been previously returned and then resold to me...still defective. Irregardless, it doesn't work. This is the first time that I have ever had to return something from Amazon for being defective, and I have been shopping with them for 10 years. Hopefully, the seller will make this right.
Friends had a different animal that worked great. I think that this one is too thin to create enough air. Look for a fat or round one.
Amazon Logistics Epic Fail please go back to tried and true delivery IE UPS, USPS, FedEx etc....
Never received items and seller never responded to messages.
Looks like designs are on the ornaments but the are plain wood not very happy with product
When I took the cellophane off, it smelled like a damp, moldy basement. The box was damp and slightly warped looking. Upon opening the box lid, there was mold all over the place. Yuk!
Took a very long time to recieve whent out and bought one at a hobbie shop
both dolls came damaged. lame!
Came in time but was missing the duck otherwise ok
I received a wrong item and I can't seem to return it.
I never got this item. Amazon informed me that it got lost during shipping. So I wasn't able to enjoy it.
The description said 4 pack and I only received 1 frame.
Do not spend or waste your money on this item. It looks great however that is as far as it goes. Will not hold s charge and then it takes forever to charge. Spend the extra few dollars and get a gas powered unit. Will be much worth it. They have regulators and great safety features.
It was broken when we got it
Not good quality at all 1st one we ordered the remote was broke so we sent it back ordered a second 1 and the steering was broke my son didn't even get to play with for 10 minutes
Seamed nice but broke on first use at a swimming pool. My daughter is 4 and can't swim on her own. It is poorly made to break on first use. Now I am trying to figure out how to get a refund or a replacement.
The quality of the packaging is questionable. It looks like it's been opened and put back together. It's also cracked. I'm debating on where to the return the product or not. It would be an awesome gift for the person intended but it would be embarrassing to gift it to a collector.
My son loved this but it's very poor quality. Returned.
It broke within an hour. The netting came loose from the cap that held it together. I gathered it back up and put a sip tie around it and the same thing happened. Also if you order when it is cold out, the liquid inside the ball will freeze during shipping. Which makes for one annoyed child who was excited about his toy coming lol!
I didn't receive this they sent me cereal instead
Pool ripped open the very first time we used it.
This is a bait and switch sales post. I got my stuff and the hat has nothing printed on it. Don't waste your time buying from this I bought this set for the MAGA hat. It misrepresents what you will receive. 0 stars but it wasn't an option.
Way overpriced! Came ripped, flimsy and falls off the sticky part that is suppose to keep it upright. Don't buy this for $6.
The frame was lopsided, returning it. =(
Will NEVER buy from this seller again. Wings don't want to attach to body & 3 of the 6 figurines came with broken wings. Not worth the time to send back so I'm super gluing them together. DO NOT BUY from this particular supplier.
I ordered two of these ponies for my swim nieces. Only one was delivered and I cannot find any way to report that. If I try to return they say they will credit once they receive it back. There is no number to call and no option to report a missing item - only missing parts. I am pissed.
Received wrong flashlight and no response from seller emails sent. Arrived 3 weeks after order but that would have been ok if it was correct flashlight. Wrong light and does not accept 26650 battery.
I have bought countless Melissa & Doug products - but this is so bad I may never want to buy this company product again. Only 2 pieces of chalk in both boxes was NOT broken into miniscule pieces. Grandkids could not even write with them. So much trouble to return and get replaced the boxes of broken chalk when the chalk could just be replaced and sent better protected. I will go to my local office store and buy chalk for the chalkboard.
Junk. Some seams aren't even sewn together.
Does not spin freely on the drone. Drone will not take off. Buy OEM props and not these. Maybe if you took the time to file them down they would work.
This product is not worth what you pay came out of the box ran fine but would not turn it also goes no where as fast as the description says all in all it's a shit product and I am returning 10 min after opening! Save your time and money and look elsewhere
this thing smells so bad! my 1 year old is still way too small for it, she likes looking at it but it stinks!! also noticed target smells these for about half the price.
Packaging destroyed when it showed up.
When I received the tattoos, the shipping envelope was closed, but the bag inside containing the tattoos was open, and I only got 28 out of the 72. I have tried contacting the seller, and they will not reply.
The shipment was delayed and I received a color I didnt pick.
Bought this for my three year old for Christmas. Three days before, we open to put it together to realize there is no manual, hardware or charging cable. Major bust! I contacted the seller and was told I'd hear back in 24 hours. 48 hours later, multiple contact requests and no response. I get it's the weekend before Christmas, but the automated response should reflect that. Fast forward, we just re read a review where someone mentioned those items are in a compartment under the SCREWED on seat. Like, WTF?!?! There's no indication of that anywhere! Crisis averted, but this is absolutely ridiculous. Keep in mind if you take a chance on this product. The return policy states buyer must pay return shipping which basically doesn't make it an option.
This product smells SO strongly of chemicals when I opened the box it was nauseating. I had to throw them out.
This stuff is not good for toddlers to play with. It sticks to everything. Nothing like kinetic sand.
Order 2 sets of 12 and this is the mess that showed up! Not worth the price AT ALL!!!
It took over 90 minutes to assemble only to find that the car repeatedly derails before even making it around the first bend. On the rare occasion that the car survives the turn, it doesn't have enough speed to make it even half way around the track. Except for the prompt delivery, this purchase was a disappointment. I wish I had heeded the 1 star reviews.
This is a piece of garbage. My baby loves this bear. Less than 2 months after we started using it it stopped working. Clearly there's some chip malfunction in the mechanics. It will crawl or talk for 2 seconds or so then beep a couple times and stop. I'm past the amazon return window so we are stuck with a crawling bear that doesn't crawl. They also would y allow me to exchange it. plan to contact Vtech directly as this is totally unacceptable.
Got the used one! There was no instructions on how to assemble and lights. Quality was so low! Worst item of the amazon
It was only one puzzle. Not worth the money.
Terrible product. Threads were tight. Drone shook terribly and almost crashed.
I purchased these to use for my edible glitter and they would be perfect but there's some huge downfalls. I opened the package and transferred my glitter into there and went to test it out and the cap came off spilling my $20 bottle of edible glitter!! I was upset to say the least. Turns out the top isn't cut evenly so the lid doesn't go on. This was like this on a few so I ended up throwing them away since they couldn't be used. The other ones were okay but the hole in them isn't prepunched which is inconvenient, I had to use a knife as they were very difficult to get out. I feel like I wasted my money and wouldn't purchase again
Our first splash pad got a hole in it during its first use. The company sent us a replacement. We used the replacement once and it ripped along the seam again. It was a fun water toy for our five year old for the 90 minutes that it lasted.
I ordered this, set it up very excited. Checked the trap the next day and the red light was on. Nothing in the trap; then I realized that after I set the trap the light goes red a few seconds later. I forgot to return it right away so, now I am stuck with a $35 trap that doesn't work.
Cheap made for kids under 3.
This came noticeably second hand, already opened and taped over. Very disappointed.
Only received 1 pack of the 6 and was hoping to use them for a birthday party.
My sons 2, all the heads fell off while he was playing with it 🙄. I will be sending these back!
The painting peeled off even though my son is not a rough child and he goes so easy on his toys.
play with other animals
I ordered before last Halloween and now it's February and I still have not received...nor have I receive an answer from the company or Amazon about my complaint!
One car wouldn't work. The other ran the track a few times before that wouldn't work. Junk.
Received this not looking as it does in the picture and each side was not even and feathers were messed up. Very diappointing!
There are no instructions as to how to apply. I went to the Face Book site, looked up any utube videos...nothing helpful. I could not figure out how to apply these. I tried warm water compress, damp skin, dry skin....No idea. Shame, they look so cool.
Poor quality. $114 for cheap materials and holes are not great. Missing presidential dollar space, gold spaces. Honestly should stick with Whitman. Cheaper and more complete. Avoid this as it is not worth the money.
Never recived it. Sorry.
This was the CHEAPEST and worst quality toy we have ever bought. Within minutes things started to break and fall apart. Getting it ready to send back now. Such a waste of money.
2 didn't hold air ever, the other two barely lasted an hour
I received the wrong item and could not even return it.
Didn't use- did not arrive when promised
If I could give a zero I would. The product never showed up
Gave you my son for Christmas and played with it for 20 minutes and it broke. So I setup an exchange for a new one and they sent me a broken used one. Not satisfied at all.
I ordered this puzzle in October of 2017 and finally had time to sit down and do it. I was so excited until I realized it came missing pieces. I planned to put it up in our house, but now I can't. Amazon tried to help me, but due to how long ago I ordered there wasn't much they could do. SO DISAPPOINTED with my purchase.
BOY LR GIRL? I payed $12 extra dollars for this to be shipped bc I needed it by today. It came in & is misspelled?!
Looks nice but Very poor quality!! The comb is very flimsy and broke about a day after I received it. Wish I could return it.
Only one germinated. So disappointing.
Falling out of there eggs when I received them. Grand kids didn't show much interest in them and would have preferred candy in the eggs instead.
Stopped working after 4-5 months. Would not charge. Avoid
When item arrived it was not as advertised or same as item displayed. I got a.cheap knock off called Happy Monkey. Amazon assisted and I received a refund. Thanks AMAZON
Came in a huge box with no padding and ruined the box.
It was a crappy paint job, my granddaughter was disappointed it's from China
The idea of this product is great, but in reality it was a big stuck together mess after 15 min with my toddler. The stickers are not as reusable as the description would have you believe. Better off cutting shapes out of construction paper or pics from magazines to sort.
I never received my package from the post office
These were more like elementary school jokes. Very few were funny. None were smart. My young kids laughed but that made the game unfair because the middle schoolers and above weren't entertained. Beyond that, the rules were impossible to understand. What was the game board even used for? We made up our own. When that quickly got boring we just read jokes to each other in funny voices. Don't buy this!
Product lasted less than one hour before the fan that keeps the ball elevated shattered. Save your money. This product is not durable even for a four yr old
Very first time using and the stitching already is coming out. Not worth purchase. Doesn't even come with noodles
These were SO cute and I had planned on putting them in gift bags for my classmates in nursing school for Christmas...however when I opened them they were coated with some sort of oily substance and smelled so strongly of chemicals! I soaked them in hot water and Dawn dish soap and then thoroughly cleaned each and every one of them ...as soon as they dried the smell returned...I threw them in the trash after seeing that the oily residue was even leaving marks on my kitchen table. I don't know what it was but I was very disappointed in this purchase and was completely unable to use the product at all.
Looks like it could be a good product, however, --- BEWARE --- the light inside the thumb is RED, not yellow or clear as shown in the photos. I will be unable to use these for the trick intended which is to snatch the flashlight off of my cellphone and hold it in my fist. The thumb lights are not the same color so this was a waste for me.
Every last balloon had a tear in it. More than one at that. Couldn't use for my child's 5th birthday. Horrible.
I had ordered the Sundae Maker and instead Slushy maker was shipped. This was a Christmas for my daughter. I was disappointed when my daughter opened her gift and found that I got shipped the wrong product. If the product was unavailable then they should have let me know instead of sending me the wrong order. Very unprofessional.
Received with a broken neck..waste of time
My kids love this set but my son just got it for Christmas and the one tire won't stay on the camper.
I ordered 3 of these, they look and fit as expected, no complaints whatsoever. However the buckles are garbage, one was already broken when I got them, the second one broke as soon as I tried to put it on, and the third one made it about 2 hours before just falling apart. Wish I had the option to buy aluminum or stainless steel replacements. You just can't repair busted plastic.
I would like to know how you can help me. I have not been able to use the car, the tires are falling especially one from the rear.
I received this and the strings were broken and all stretched out. Could not be repaired.
Just got this in the other day I've literally put 3 batteries through it and the goggles won't do anything but show a white screen...
It was way too simple. We took it to Game Night, but after opening and trying it out, no one liked it.
Absolutely NOT as advertised. Clearly says metal die cast in description
Given as christmas gift. Did not come with accessories for pony
The card I received was not the one I ordered or described. Avoid this vendor.
My funko box is damaged. Debating on if I am going to return this one or not. This shipped with other funko pops and it only has one bubble pack inside. The box is ripped. Very disappointed
they sent me a used, knock off, no furry head and did not work
Very tiny!! I purchased for my 5 year old and they are so tiny maybe for a 2 year old it may be great
I was so excited to get this dollhouse put together to surprise my daughter on her birthday, but once I opened the box and started getting everything in order, I realized three things: 1) I did not receive all the parts. I only received 6 “A” parts instead of 12, and even though I was still able to put it together, it doesn't look as nice as it's supposed to :( 2) One of the tabs on one of the “S” parts is broken. 3) Product is NOT the color advertised. The one I received has blue floors and a pink roof, not pink floors and a purple roof as shown.
Way too small for my 12 month old and 2 year old. Returned. It barely rocked. Disappointed!
This body is pretty damn ugly, I could handle the paint job but rear end is of the body itself is ugly and feels like an afterthought. I got a different Baja body after this and it looks way better and is less flimsy
If I could leave zero stars I would. All three balloons had holes in them and they were all very dirty. It looked like they sent me used balloons.
This thing looks like a Detroit rat that has rolled around in the sewers and been in and out of gang fights all it's life. The fur looks like they literally found whatever lint ball pieces of crap lying around and glued them onto its body. I am SUPER pissed because they looked really cute in the pictures.... Time to send this rat back to whatever crap hole it originated from.
Broke the 2nd days...son may be too aggressive.
Very disappointed. Purchased for a Christmas gift and it came in a brown box. No outside box stating fantastic gymnastics. Just said Hasbro game.
Thank goodness I like to make sure toys work before giving them to kids. Because this didn't. Even tried two sets of batteries.
shipped two month late
Ordered this for a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She was so excited to try it. Opened it up and it was broken! Don't order from here if you don't want to disappoint your child. And I can't find a way to return since it was ordered early but just opened yesterday. So now what do I do?
This people destroyed my sons 4th birthday, the big batman balloon and the number 4 were damaged since the moment they arrived. These 2 Balloons were not able to be inflated due to a couple of holes in the material. Thank you for ruining my son's birthday.
Don't waste your money with these sunglasses. Most of the lenses were popped out. I tried to pop them back in but they'd just pop back out. The plastic is cheap and hurts your ears. I returned these immediately.
The mask is nothing like what's advertised. It's bright white, the neck is more skin colored and it's also more narrow.
The quality is very bad. It was broken when I only used two times.
Yes, last review is correct, you do not get a maze/puzzle that can hold an unfolded dollar bill! However, if you click on the other pictures below it, what you actually receive is pictured. The plastic is cheap and you do not have to get the ball thru the maze to open the door for the gift card/money; I will give to someone younger who will not know the difference and may be challenged the first time but will most likely figure out that the door opens without the metal ball in place! I wouldn't recommend spending your money on this.
I'm having trouble getting it to work. I can't find a screwdriver to fit the screw to replace batteries. I push finger and it does nothing but click. When it finally worked it stopped again after a few pushes. Any suggestions?
Looks like I bought this at the Dollar store! Giving as gift and its really embarrassing!
One of the units was broken. The on/off switch is stuck on
Box that it came in was damaged and with the prices going up can't even do a exchange.
Puzzle came in envelope and was smashed. I will love the puzzle but the box is damaged. Amazon should send boxed cardboard items in sturdier packaging
These balls are junk! They are so poorly made. I opened them up this morning to use with my first graders and had to put pieces back together before the children even touched them. Parts were broken and could not be repaired. They are a waste of money!
The cardboard of each page (where the coins go) was flawless.
Box came heavy box damage, pop falling out of box... window was broken
Low quality of product! I am really disappointed from Melissa &Doug, I openes it after awhile and most of the cards were broken, you can see in the pictures.
Super low quality. They break when the kids play with them and won't stay when you try to stand them up.
The inside decals where coming off not even stuck to the house. Very cheap looking quality not that great!
Very poorly made. The light fell off upon opening the package and then a plastic piece broke off after it crashed, the fender. Now, the day after opening it, it stopped driving. :-( Do not buy, you will have a disapponted kid.
It was advertised that Elsa would speak 15 phases. Not true . She only says one phase. Very disappointed for the price. Don't waste your money. Its junk !!!
This did not come with 24 cake toppers. And you would think it would have at least come with the 4 avenger characters before throwing in a DC Comics character. Instead I have 16 toppers and 24 cupcakes.
this mattress went flat the first night & never did hold air
I have bought the large water beads for my son for Christmas but I am very disappointed. Half of the beads grow broken and the second half: weird shape, too soft but only a few of them look ok.
This game was ridiculously hard! We have done many escape rooms in person and board games but this one was so out there, the solutions were so obscure!
It was broken upon opening. I pretty much had to tear it up just to get it to KIND OF work
I ordered these seeds but received a sports necklace - or something like that. I wrote to the distributor explaining what happened and asked for a refund. There is no refund on seeds - but I did not receive seeds! I am not getting any response from the distributor. I will never order anything from Outsidepride again!
It arrived squashed and dry. It's garbage.
I was shorted a blue one. I received 21 white 18 red 18 yellow 17 blue
The holes are pointed more outward than in to the middle. So it soaks my lawn, with no water getting into the middle.
Horrible,weight is too light,when my daughter was trying to perform for us the stans falls
I hate this waste of money
I bought this and it was missing 6 pieces (the grips and all their parts). No big deal, I messaged the company and they mailed them out the next day. However, when I received them, one was broken because they sent it in a soft envelope instead of a box (they're flimsey plastic pieces). I emailed the company again. No response. I emailed up to 5 times and called several times (no one actually ever answers the phone), no response. I was deliberately ignored and eventually gave up. So I returned it (even with the parts I was sent outside of Amazon) and went with a different company.
The first time my grandson used this, the waist strap holder ripped. Now they can't use it at all.
Broke quickly not very durable.
Can not see what's so ever.
Vacuum is very small.
The bix had been glue gunned and the pieces were not in a bag. Box had a couple of dents in the cardboard.
Doesn't work. Spins about 20 seconds of that.
Do not buy this. It is a piece of junk. The test button didn't even work but my granddaughter wanted to keep it anyway. It took over 20 minutes to get the sharp plastic wrap off. It wasn't worth the time and effort to open it or even return it to Amazon so I let her keep it. The bottom line is, it's a piece of junk and don't buy it. Amazon should read this review and offer me a credit anyway. I am definitely not happy with this toy. But I LOVE Amazon Prime. Thank you.
I would give this a zero star rating if possible. These tattoos don't stick on easily and, if you do manage to get one on, it will rub off within seconds or minutes. I tried to return them and they, of course, have a no returns policy.
Instead of receiving the cute cow that is advertised, a creepy looking horse with scary red paint was sent in its place. Completely disappointed. It looks like a cheap and ugly alternative to the cow pictured.
I ordered a childs Luigi hat, instead i got an adult size hat!!! I am furious because the hat is for a costume party in a few days and i have no time to send it back and wait for another.
This is a year late, but this item arrived assembled incorrectly, the strings were crisscrossed. Completely unusable. Just never got around to returning. Definitely not worth the money.
The bank broke 4 days after christmas. Needs to be replaced!
The description says it's a bath toy for babies and the packaging clearly states 3years and up,choking hazards. I bought this for my granddaughter's first birthday and I refuse to give her a toy that states it is a choking hazard!
I bought 2 of these pogo sticks and I can't believe how squeaky and noisy they are! Why do they make these things with the inside spring rubbing on the metal casing and impossible to get to in order to oil? Poor design.... have any of you listened to a squeaky pogo stick for hours at a time? Ack! Does anyone know of a brand that is quiet?
Worst Product Ever! Bought it in December for my kids Christmas and by February it is dropping with disgusting orange rust everywhere. It has ruined a pair of my pants and my daughter's. Return window closed three weeks ago but I deeply regret this purchase! It is such a shame because it is incredibly fun to swing on but the metal screws provided cannot stand up to a little Florida rain and sun.
Just opened our Blast Poppers and only one of the blasters would shoot the ball. The other one was difficult to pull back and push, and the ball did not shoot. Had to return them. Would not buy again.
The wrong toy was sent
I ordered specifically because I needed a red one. None of the colors look like the the picture. They are solid green and brown colors.
Bought this belt from this exact same company last week for $17.99
Goes to 3 lights and then plays some noise, then starts over at one. Throw it out if you have it.
Came in a poor shipping condition and wasn't even on my porch or door. But it did come early
Would never buy again these large plates(as the description says) can barley for a small slice of cake on them
Stopped working a little after one month. Cool machine, but doesn't last.
This is a piece of junk, does not work properly and is not returnable through Amazon.
Leaks and I tried twice. You can't point them downward or the water just streams out and one kept leaking from the trigger button.
Unfortunately this Funko didn't last 2 minutes. The support for the body broke at the moment I took it out of the box. And it's impossible to fix. Very disappointing
Bubbles just built up around the machine and never really flew out. It was smaller than expected and didn't do the job. Returned
The figure displayed on the product page clearly indicated no peg holes. However, when I received the item there were peg holes on the upper thigh. I would not have purchsed this if I knew they were still selling this product with peg holes. :(
Bad rating due to huge white lettering on the butt of the suit. It's a black morph suit that is ruined by the lettering. We were using it for a stick man costume - and now will have to find a way to cover up the white lettering.
I would give this 0 stars if possible. The wax had melted and were all over the package. It did not look anything close to the picture and we could not use.
Product was never recieved and company will not explain what is going on with the package.
Easily broken. Do not order these. Waste of money.
Do not waste your money. The height is calculated from top of head to end of tail when you pull it straight. In reality, it's barely bigger than your hand. Might be I'm not it were no more than 10 bucks...anything more is flat out theft!
Where is smaller than the pictures make it appear
Ordered this for a costume accessory and they sent only one earring. wow! I should have ordered two? Lol
Product was originally okay. But only took a few weeks for the screws to come loose and the two wooden pieces to become completely separated. I also wish it came with a carrying case.
This order contained one set of hangers as opposed to three. I reordered. The same thing happened with the second order. I returned them both on the same day at the same time. Amazon received one but not the other. It took weeks to get the refund. The product itself appears to be very good.
Bought as a christmas gift for my son. Was shipped in original box and my son seen his present as we got out of car to go inside. There goes that suprise. Box is beat up and looks like its been opened/returned before? Corner of product is damaged inside box. Dissappinted with this purchase
Popped after second use!! I want a refund!!
I didnt even get my packet and i spent a 100 and something dollars. dont like it
This order came packaged in an envelope with no label for handling, this is how they came out of the envelope. Not happy with the way it was packaged and shipped.
The only reason I gave this one star is because I was forced to add a star in order to be able to write a review. It arrived broken. I have tons of new batteries that I've tried in it. It simply does not work. It's light and cheap and I'm very disgusted that people would make this type of product, let alone charge more than two dollars for it, and send out product that doesn't work. Don't buy!
They sent a set with missing parts for Hulk. My son was very disappointed with this.
I wouldn't know how to rate this product because I never received it!
Broke on the first try
Ours never worked properly. My daughter tried to play with it for a half an hour then forgot about it. Somewhere isn a toy box now.
Sure it's cute as hell but as soon as it hits the wall once the bumper falls off! And that's the second one they sent me. The first one arrived completely cracked in half because it's made of plastic underneath. This is only good for display. Not made for little kids AT ALL!!! Very disappointed.
Advertised as spinner dominoes but didn't have spinner dot in center. Ordered replacement set, in case they sent the wrong one and got the same thing. They need to update the description.
Low end product. Scratches extremely easily, you have be extremely cautious. The drain that it came with was worthless as it did not fit because the threads were not made properly.
junk didn't work out of the box
Returning this item. Had them less than 24 hours and the paint is coming off of them. Very poorly made for little hands to play with.
We bought these to take to Disney on Ice, trying to avoid paying the big money for lights at the event, but I got them the day of the event, our son opened and was playing with it... within 10 minutes the light stopped working. At first it would come on and off, like there was a short in wiring, but then quit all together. Ended up buying a light at the event in the end too!
I haven't received this item? Where is it?
This screen protector is about 1mm too long. It applied very easily and it fits if you don't have a case of any kind on it. But as soon as you put it into a case one end of it will lift. You try to swipe or press and you can feel that it's not making full contact with the phone screen. In order to get the phone to respond you must press VERY hard and often more than once. I would NOT buy this again. In fact, I'm tossing it and getting a different brand.
I never received this product nor got my money back
My 16 month old son enjoyed this, but after just a month of playing with it, one of the seams came undone and he came to me covered in blue goo. Luckily he was smart enough to not try eating any, but he had me scared looking up what the goo is made of to make sure it wouldn't hurt him being on his skin. Do not buy!
It didn't come with everything it said! I only got the swirl decorations so I'm disappointed cause I picked this one because of the decorations and photo back drop
Bought this light, as well as another character light for my 2 sons for Christmas. The Bumblebee was not worth the money. There is barely any light that come from it! The sticker is also cheap and continues to detach from the wall. I'd like the note that the minion light we got, is wonderful. Not pleased with Bumblebee and would not buy it again.
The zip line was broken right out of the box and the whole thing felt so flimsy. My son was really disappointed that he bought this with his allowance money. Good lesson learned for him, but was even worse quality that I was prepared for. Definitely don't waste your money on this.
Worked great the first time tried it a second time and it dont want to work at all tried charging batterie even putting new ones in remote and still nothing having to send back
Piece of junk! It comes in a million little pieces with no instructions on how to put together. The pieces are also very flimsy plastic. I got this on sale thankfully or I would have been super mad to pay the original price for this. Don't purchase Update: the company reached out and refunded me in the form of an amazon gift card which was much appreciated. They however have emailed me twice since asking me to delete my review. I'll give them kudos for their customer service but it doesn't change the fact that this product was a piece of junk.
They arrived moldy. ;( so gross. And I got two packs.
The product doesn't work. I charged it fully and it don't do anything. No vibration no movement nothing. What are we going to do about this??
Got this in August, zipper already broke. Lasted 3 months.
Product was damaged so unable to usr
Really disappointed... missing the letter “P” so in the birthday day I went to the party city to buy other!! It's sucks! I just want my money back..
Didn't even work by the time I got it!
My daughter loved it at first BUT then it stopped working after only 3 days. Not sure why...it was gently played with. Tried replacing the batteries but it still won't work. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
Not worth the money. Half came w holes, and the ones that did work worked once before it popped. Plus, too small to make a decent sound.
This slime is horrible you can't stretch it at all. It just rips apart.
Ordered three 9 sleeve packages. Received two 6 sleeve and one 4 sleeve. Company needs more accurate inventory accountability.
The truck is nice but I HATE misleading adds Didn't come with ESC and the add says it comes. I'm very disappointed
This is a complete disappointment. They are all small and of the 4, only one realistically looks like a cat poop. The rest will fool absolutely nobody.
I was really looking forward to getting this cute puzzle, but several pieces were missing & it wasn't challenging enough for me.
I ordered a size 4 based on the size chart provided. My son is 45 inches and 40lbs. It took weeks to come and the tag says it is size small. It is huge. WAY too big. This size 4 fits my 10 year old who is 54 inches and 75 pounds. I'm now awaiting to see if I can return it. If it was anywhere close to the size chart, I would've given it a better rating. Because it would've been perfect.
Contents did not match packaging stated contents. Returned to amazon for replacement. Replacement again actual contents did not match what packaging stated was included although the replacement contents were different than the original. I consider this item as packaged to be unacceptable for sale.
after 2 days and 2 new sets of batteries, after making static noises, it finally doesn't not work at all... haven't even had it a month... disappointing.
Very disappointed in the quality. Can tell was opened b4 and played with. Taped poorly. Put back in box incorrectly some pieces just flying around and some unassembled in the box like stand and stash. Bought for Christmas gift for a big fan. I hope the quality doesn't crush them.
These bags are not all the way perforated with design causing bags to rip if you try and puncture what's started if the perforation.
This is the worst Amazon purchase I have ever made. The screen protectors I received are flimsy and impossible to get bubble-free. When I tired to return them they would only refund me 83 cents. Total horse spit.
Product is a toy, not really useable. Want to return, but have not heard back from the supplier.
Zero stars. Product never arrived and seller has not responded to the message I sent days ago.
Tiles are too small. Very difficult to remove tiles from rack.
Hate the game. Got for my son because I thought it would be fun. He hates it.
Does not come with marker and it's very basic
I WAS VERY EXCITED TO BUY THIS PUZZLE FOR MY HUSBAND, THIS IS HIS HOBBY. BUT SADLY THIS PUZZLE HAD 2 PIECES MISSING. HE NOTICED RIGHT AWAY WHEN HE WAS PUTTING TOGETHER ALL THE EDGES, (HE HAS MADE ABOUT 15-20 PUZZLES AND NEVER MISSED A PIECE) HOW DISAPPOINTING TO HAD PURCHASED SUCH A BEAUTIFUL PUZZLE AND NOT HAVE ALL THE PIECES......
The toys are dirty!!!
I ordered red balloons with black polka dots, but received red balloons with white polka dots. I did not receive what I ordered.
Would like to purchase this tool but the company is making it hard. Returned original as it quit working within 1 use. After a few weeks, decided we still wanted the toy so purchased again. Company sent a used version of the toy, potentially the defective version I previously sent.
Claims to come with a one year warranty. Middle has started to fall apart after 6 months. Very loud when spinning.
I would not recommend buying these. Although they look cute right after you put them up you have to charge them for many minutes just to get 5-7 minutes of glow. But mainly because when you go to take them off they pull the paint with them. We just took them down after about 6 months of use and most of them took the ceiling paint off with it. And everything else it took me half an hour standing on a ladder trying to use the sticky tack ball to get the remaining sticky off without taking off the paint. Not at all worth it. Next till I would buy a plug in globe projector of the stars.
Doesn't work. Bad experiance.
Just opened it and the box was torn/broken! Smh!
This swing sliced into the side of my finger as I picked up my one year old. The metal was cut and left raw and sharp inside the swing. It's a deep cut! The metal should be rounded off. I'm glad it happened to me and not my wiggly one year old.
Terrible don't buy not nearly what it seems to be. Looks like a patch of carpet.
Pearls fell off the dolls before I even opened the package
This is so cute in person but it doesn't stay on so really what's the point? Wish it had because it would have looked awesome in pictures but with it falling down constantly it's really just a waste of money. And only gave one star because I was forced to.
Quite possibly the worst engineered piece of furniture in the history of cheap furniture. The top was grossly misaligned by 1/2” to the point I had to cut a piece of wood to get it to fit right. Spend a little more money and buy a product designed by a team that got better than a c- average in night school. Absolute junk.
These are trash. Filled with styrofoam balls and cat litter? Also a cheap trash bag inside them as well. Not the correct weight or feel of a sack. They are not consistent in size. One as small as a ping pong ball. The knit crochet isn't closed properly causing the cheap insides to spill out. What a disappointment, seriously...don't buy.
Sheds everywhere and very cheap. Threw it away right when It was delivered
Not worth the money.
Tiny paper bags, would not recommend
I wish there was a lower rating, Do not get this, my daughter says this is the worst for making cloud slimes and shes made them before with other snow, and it worked but this fake snow has fallout in the slimes, so if you are a slimer do not buy this rubbery textured snow!!!!
Very disappointed. I have never just not received a item flat out. And I was unable to reach amazon for refund or replacement.
my son loved it for the entire 2 weeks it worked. I ordered 2 different toys from the same company and they both stopped working within 30 days of purchase I have been trying to contact the company since and they don't respond $60 wasted on 2 broken bath toys. I've been trying to contact the company since janurary it's now April and still no response
Wish I had read the reviews...but thought I couldn't go wrong with a bag of sand. The bag of sand is so small I laughed when I opened the box.
Extremely disappointed with the quality of the items, I purchased this as a gift & the display box was even ripped :( I could have found this for probably 1/2 the cost I paid & tbh I still wouldn't have purchased it. Not happy with this purchase, quality or packaging.
Not worth it. Spend more and get the other one. This sits in the bottom of our toy box
I ordered this product and received 3 ramen noodles.
Too much expensive. The same product available for 11.00 at walmart. It looks like now a days amazon prices are very high.
Was a used product which I was not aware of... Returned it and still no refund...
I ordered this several days ago. Just received email today that they cannot fulfill the order. I ordered other things to go with this order. I received them already. UNHAPPY CUSTOMER!!!
Not worth it! The quality of the puzzle is super thin and the cutting is so easy to break. My son didn't even enjoy this puzzle at all.
Never received items. Five weeks later, asked for tracking number and did not get that either, despite amazon saying it may be delivered.
This stopped working after 1 month.
Ordered this product and came in damaged, they sent out a replacement and was damaged again
Extremely disappointed. The horse looks great but the sound is defective. Got it for a family member for christmas and I know I won't have time to send it back and exchange it in time for Christmas. Can yall not test the horse before sending it out? Would like a refund.
It does not work. She never moves.
I'd look elsewhere. Most of these were in the trash within the first week.
So disappointed...it's broke and nothing shows on the little thing but a blue line...SOOOOooooOoooo disappointing
They didn't send me the animal puzzle they sent me a glow in the dark one so I sent it back. To bad I really wanted the animal one. I paid shipping too.
Product description is extremely misleading. I ordered this assuming it was a three pack of mermaids- it was only one!!! I'm extremely annoyed and disappointed. I would return, but my daughter saw it as I was opening box.
I purchased two cars for Christmas for my sons. Both cars ended up being defective. The first car's receiver would not bind with the transmitter (i.e. the hand held controller could not "talk" to the car). The second car's steering was way turned off to the right and the steering adjustment knob was not able to correct it. So, even attempting to steer the car all the way to the left would not be enough to even get the car to go in a straight line. I was very surprised that both cars were defective, given that the reviews generally were pretty good for this model. Did I just get two bum cars or has their quality control gone off the rails?
The picture is lovely, but this puzzle is poorly made and the clarity of the picture is poor. The pieces aren't cut fully and peel apart, some even ripped when I was separating them. I will be returning this puzzle.
Dead on arrival. No light to tell charge status.
I will say it does deserve one star because the hat and vest are cute and somewhat less cheap than the rest of the product, but definitely NOT WORTH $22! At the very most, this should be $10. Not a penny more. I kid you not, about a minute after getting everything out of the bag, the flashlight broke, the watch, and the shield broke. Not because my son was rough with it but because they're just cheap. The flashlight looks like it's supposed to actually work, it has a place for a battery, but no bulb. The glasses are too wide for a child, or an adult for that matter. They couldn't even stay on my husband's head. All of the toys are very cheap plastic, which you can tell from the photos they have shown, but I didn't realize how cheap. I thought for the price it would be somewhat sturdy. My son does love it though but he gets upset because they toys break. All the photos were taken about 20 mins after Amazon dropped it off. That's how quick it fell apart.
Sorry I didn't read the reviews before ordering. This stroller is very cheaply made. The seat was ripped on delivery. There was no return slip. I put the stroller right in the garbage.
Never received item.
Never got the product after it said it got delivered.
All of the crayons came out of the boxes were broken and in bottom of bag very poorly packaged!!
I order for birthday gift but it arrived defective as seen in the picture!
It's very small and looks nothing like the picture.
My son was mislead that these were Beyblades. They are a cheap imitation. He was disappointed.
My daughter Received her monster high doll in the mail. I am immediately knew something was wrong I heard items moving around. This item was not new in the box, the box was ripped, the items were not stationary in their place. My daughter was upset. I am not happy. The rubber bands were so old that when you pulled they would not bounce back and then the would kinda just break. Terrible
I wish I could give this negative stars. Ordered over a month ago and still have not received the item.
Fall of wall tried to glue. And tried magnets will not stay
Want to give no stars. Wish I would of read reviews. Paint is all ready coming off not in box as pictured in small tiny bags. Had to super glue parts back on 3 characters their heads werent attached apron delivery. Very disappointed
We never got it to lift off the ground. It's most likely user error but we can't figure the thing out. It was a Christmas gift for my 9 yo son.
When you flip the screen to laptop mode, the screen does not stay in place and falls backwards so you can't even see the screen. I've seen several other reviews with the same issue. This was a Christmas gift from Santa...extremely disappointed. Horrible quality!
Disgusting!!! The product came dirty and used. Had to throw it out because I didn't even want my son touching it!
The whistle arrived, and the packaging is cloudy with dirt or mold. I tried to exchange it, but amazon says this product is not eligible for return. I would not use this product since it is filthy. What am I supposed to do amazon?!
As soon as the scoops wet for the first time the gray actually rubbed off! Don't plan on using these for anything with water or moisture.
I was very disappointed when I received this. I read the measurements but I thought the measurement was from the bottom of the front paws to the top of the dogs head. It's not. That measurement included the upper curve in the ears making it much smaller. I also do not consider this a a plush toy. It is by no means cuddly. More like what you would find in a claw machine, As always, Amazon was wonderful in returning it.
Never received item. Was issued a refund from Amazon.
She liked it for a day but she thought it did more she was kinda disappointed. I'm disappointed because I spent to much money on it for it to be over looked the very next day.
These legos may look nice from the pictures and the box, but they are very cheaply made. They fit loose and don't stay together when building the scene. They don't fit any other blocks we have, whether Duplo Legos or any other brand. Which is very frustrating for a 3 year old! I will have to sort through all his blocks and pick out these ones that aren't compatible and keep them separate. Learn from my mistake, spend the extra money and get name brand blocks!
I'm a collector and it was shipped in an amazon bubble wrap bad and was crushed. The entire blister pack was destroyed
The packaging was destroyed by one of Amazon's employees and the container had missing pieces. Not worth it.
Don't order from this seller its been two weeks and no word when they will be here. this is for some kids for christmas at a school and it is past the dead line to send them. I should have listen to the peoples feedback and not ordered from this seller.
Too small for age levels
No!!! I still haven't received this item!!!
Adorable but head deflated after one gentle use and will not inflate! My grandchildren are very disappointed!
i bought these as our three grandsons love playing ball. they particularly like bouncing them down the stairs. of the 12 balls that we received,three bounced okay, and five were not great but mildly ok. four just made kind of a dull thud and bounced maybe 10 inches. very disappointing
beware item is not kid proof.A REFUND WOULD BE NICE !
This is horrible. No box nothing included. Very disappointed!
After one use it stopped connections with the controller. Useless. My kids are mad. I'm mad.
The shot glasses are all scratched up. Poor quality. Will not but again.
This is one of the worst product which I ever got for my son's birthday.. It never functioned properly starting it's first day after I assembled it.. the rear axle had a manufacturing defect due to which the bike did not move forward without making sound.I was asked to send the product back by reimbursing $10 postage which minimum required $76 shipping cost. For a $97 product why should I pay minimum $76 shipping cost to send the product back.. Customer service worst . Please be aware before you chose this product and spoil your beautiful life occasions. The best choice products rip you off your hard earned money..
These crayons have no pigment. You have to push so hard in order to get any color on the page, very disappointed, and I love Melissa and Doug products but I won't ever be repurchasing these
Terrible. My five year old is awesome at legos, but most of these ended in frustration. The doors are hard to open without destroying the package. I won't buy another one.
This is a 3” bendable figure at best. Please see the pic I have attached. Would honestly give a zero star if possible since I highly dislike being deceived by product descriptions. Flat out lied saying 6” and I never review stuff but felt I needed to in order to let folks know.
The stitching on the dog came apart within days of receipt.
Cheap and flimsy. Pump barely works. Balls seem ok but have another way to blow them up as the come flat.
Product broke and stopped working the first day of usage. Keep in mind my daughter is only 6 months, there's no way she would've destroyed a toy like that.
Very low quality RC car. This would probably cost $10.00 if it wasn't a "Cars" toy. overall build, steering and mechanical is of an extremely low quality toy. The gears broke twice within minutes of use. Walk away and Buy a better toy for the same money.
I ordered a banner and I got A make up bag??? Not what i ordered at all!!
The wagon you get is not a covered wagon at all its an open stage coach, NOT WHAT I WANTED they should have to remove the picture Now I don't have time to get anything different.
Broke easily stones from the crown kept falling off.
Very bad more than have of it doesn't work
The first set of walkie talkies one of them did not work at all then we return that set, got a new set, right after opening Christmas morning my daughter's turned them on and the one would not turn off, then even when you pulled the battery then put it back in it would turn back on, I would not recommend to anyone.
My boys were excited to open this Christmas morning. Only to find out that there were cards missing from the game. Returned to seller.
Received this toy and the batteries are dead in the light bar
This was super small, smaller than a dollar bill.was not slow rising at all less than a second to rise. nothing that it said it would be. Smells nice though
I never received this item 👎
Cheap toy, misleading on the number you will receive. One of the tractors I received didn't have front wheels. Complete waste of money.
The shipment was incomplete (NO BASES SENT). I contacted the seller and DID NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. I am returning them and purchasing locally.
Very disappointing . I received a youth newsboy hat. Not a baseball hat like the description.
It's ok not the best and the quality not that much
I never received the package
I'm giving it one star because my son loves the military set. Only problem is one of the vehicles was missing from the package. Supposed to be 6, only 5 in package. One of the helicopters was missing from the box.
Ordered 2 received only one with no time left to order another before Christmas...
I received this item already damaged. The ear was torn and there is clearly a patch of white out pasted on.
Horrible! Should be banned for false advertising. Only one sheet of 8! Ripoff ! I want my money back!
I bought two sets of these, one for my daughter and one for her friend's birthday. The set I bought for my daughter is defective. The front ring/lip keeps coming off two of the paddles. Wasted my money...product appears to be inferior or maybe I just received a defective set.
DOES NOT FIT 5MM THIS IS INACCURATE THIS SELLER DOES NOT KNOW THIER PRODUCT. FALSE ADVERTISING!
These are NOT authentic bey blades, they are generic and poorly made. Do not waste your money.
I love the clothes pins. They seem durable. Problem is the package was open and I was short 6 pins and 1 was broken. : (
It does not work at all i paid for nothing
I would like to rate it but it was never delivered as promised. I'm rating it as a 1 only because I needed it today for a gift.
I wish I could give this five stars as initially I loved it SO much I bought two of the butterfly ones for both grandmothers as gifts for my 3yo daughter to do. She loved pressing on the stickers (with assistance) and we both enjoyed the light shining through the beautiful owl during the day. However, it's been not barely past two months and suddenly I look over and see a LOT of stickers peeling and falling off (the kids don't touch this- it's high up). This is so frustrating. The only thing I can think of doing is finding some clear glue to press each and every little sticker back on- what a headache. I had to call each grandma up and warn them this might happen to theirs. I even helped press each sticker on tightly and accurately with my daughter so I know it's not because we didn't put it on right. Darn....like I said, beautiful but so not worth it if the adhesive won't work.
I cant put it on anything because the clasp was bent too tightly. I didnt realize until about a month or 2 after when I went to actually use it
The inside of this hat is extremely rough and cheaply made. It does not feel good to the touch and is scratchy. I will be returning.
Good luck getting these open 😡
First off, I ordered 2 batteries and they only shipped one. That was 2 weeks ago and now I can't cancel the order for the second battery. The battery shows in stock, yet they will not ship mine to me to complete the order. Also, the battery doesn't charge properly. Buy another brand from someone else.
Never got this item. I had to get a refund.
I was so exited I waited a month for this slime and when I got it, it was just a mess it was only 3 or 4 ounces of gunk I can't even take it out of the container now I have to throw it away it was such a disappointment.
Product was delivered broken!🤦🏽‍♂️
I used it probably 3 times and then it got a hole.
Doesn't work at all! My dad tried to fix it and got it to work but once he put it all back together it didn't work again. I give it a star because we still scare each other with it.
This RC car broke the first day it was opened. It was used normally and broke within the first day. Very disappointed with this product.
The package came squished (no pun intended), but my daughter still loved them after I wrapped them out of the ruined box. After one hour, they started to tear. Theses are not good quality.
Very disappointed in the way item arrived. It was not shipped in any box, came in toy package. The toy package was ripped and taped together. Unable to gift to my daughter.
Too primitive as far as graphics and visuals. Returned it.
I wouldn't purchase again
I ordered these and got scented markers. Quite awful smelling. Work well but replaced with other version.
Not made well too small
Item was shipped in flimsy envelope and the toy package was bent/torn up. VERY DISSAPOINTED!
Not what I expected ... stopped working after one day ... but randomly working again 3 weeks later... highly disappointed.
Seller was so lazy they didn't put it in a box to ship this!!! Not even suitable to give as a gift!!
Received totally the wrong item. Ordered the FP Laugh & Learn Tap & Teach drum but received a Laugh & Learn microphone. Super bummed because I ordered it as a birthday gift...
I never got my package
Broke first time using it
So, as all the 1 star reviews say, the screws do not fit. It's true, they really don't. It stinks, however, it's not hard to fix. I used a larger drill bit to bore out the holes a bit more, and it fit together after. This is a huge nuisance as I am sure most regular people aren't as skilled with a drill as I may be. Nor should you have to be when buying a toy like this for a kid. Once you do fix this, the hoop is actually pretty nice. Just know, the screws will 100% not fit when you buy it. You will need to do extra work.
This palette was very disappointing to me and my mom since I got her one as well. The colors were beautiful but did not have pigmentation at all and had to literally dig hard into pan to get any color pay-off.
this is not made well. it flies for 1 minute then just nose dives to the floor at that point the blades bend and its broken
Hi I'm a loyal customer and I was very disappointed when I opened my package and my item seem to had been used.
Very disappointed! I ordered a green table skirt and I'm not sure how did I end up with orange instead of green??? There wasn't even an option for other colors!
Received item and never worked. And I wanted to return it and it say unable to return I would give zero stars but won't let me
Very cheaply made , get what you pay for.
Never even received it.
I wasn't impressed. The back casing is very flimsy and the front cover is even worse. It doesn't snap on therefore when you hang it, it falls off and the cars fall out. We had to secure it with doublesided tape which makes it difficult to remove if you want to change cars out. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
The figure came with out the wings and you can clearly see them missing here
Never received because it was left out in parking lot by garages and was stolen. Why it was left there is beyond my comprehension. I always have packages delivered at my front door.
Got the truck for our two year old for Christmas- he is obsessed with Fireman Sam and this seemed like a great, inexpensive gift. Wrong. Truck came - no guys. Picture clearly says that it comes with five figures. Other reviews mentioned them. But somehow we got gypped. We'll be returning this. And now scramble to find something else.
Undid the bubble wrap ( why did they bother?! ) Box was smashed, torn and ripped . . worst packaging I have ever seen . . the funko pop itself was undamaged . . WOW!!
Nice packaging, I paid $140 and the thing gets too hot and won't work, I think it's faulty. I got ripped off. Too bad I'm passed the return date. Very disappointed. 😔
This item is just awful,my Grandson has ask for 2years for it.broke down got this year for Christmas.the light in his eyes the excitement in his voice when he opened it.his grandpa took him to go use it ,it broke and fell apart now I have one very upset little boy not worth the money we paid very 😡
the product is not what I thought it would be, need a refund
Never received this product. Tried to contact the seller, and never heard back
Cheap, broke within 5 minutes of opening.
Not worth it. Crack easily, and the magnet pulls so little hair/pieces that it takes a very long time to create a character's face.
Cute toy, my 9.5 month old liked it, I would have rated it higher, however the monsters "hair" unraveled & he almost choked on the string.
Turned black and the owner never received a message from Her 😡
The picture is misleading you. it shown 15 set of clothes, but if you read carefully, it is only 5 set of clothe.
This slime was horrible. It shouldn't even be called slime. It has the consistency of frosting. Very unsatisfied.
To big doesnt wear comfortably
Horrible quality and frustrating for kids to play with! The pieces don't lock properly and the design of the truck isn't sturdy. It will crumble and fall apart with the slightest touch. It will take forever to put together too. What a waste of money. It's some generic, wanna be Lego. Just buy the Lego.
I ordered this in March. It is now July and it still has not arrived! The status 'shipped' shows a tracking number which doesn't seem to correspond with any actual parcel.
It broke in less than a minute. Water never even came out the top and the sides busted almost immediately.
Daughter says they were horrible
Cheaply made. Disappointing
This is missing the elevator and does not take batteries even though the description states that it uses batteries. Chase did not come with a vehicle . I would like to return this item but no longer have the box . Not worth 37 dollars .
Glad this product wasn't that expensive. Bought this for a long ride. Gave them too my small son. Very small and cheaply made.
If it's important to you that these be clear balloons they are NOT. (Not at all as pictured). They are a yellowish tan and when blown up retain that color.
I contacted LeapFrog when the stylus stopped working 6 months after we bought it. The troubleshooting tips they provided didn't resolve the issue and on top of that their servers were down for multiple days delaying me from being able to sync our notebook to the Leapfrog Connect app as per their instructions. So I asked for a replacement unit and was told their warranty is only 90 days so they "regret to inform" me that they won't send a replacement unit. Worst customer service and beyond disappointing for a product we paid $40 for our son's birthday in addition to the multiple books we paid to go along with it. Thanks for nothing Leapfrog.
I did not receive this item even though it says it was delivered. It was supposed to be in a box with a table skirt but was NOT. I would like a replacement or a refund.
product was sent missing parts.
Doesn't fit a wellie wisher. The clothes I expected to be a cheaper quality. This however is completely cheap junk. You also don't get all that is pictured, or at least I didn't. I returned.
As other noted pieces fit poorly, the cut out designs are repeated resulting in numerous occasion where multiple pieces can fit into a given location. Additionally we had aps 20 pieces that were bent straight out of the package. Would not recommend this manufacture again.
When I opened the box the pool had already had a hole in it. And because the weather here in Ohio was so crappy by the time we got to pull out this item it was passed my return date. Not happy that I cannot get a refund.
I bought this controller since my son's original one stopped working. Delivery was quite speedy but the remote itself did not work. I tried to return it but it stated it wasn't returnable.
Box was damaged so cannot give as gift. I ordered two and the other is fine.
Received someone else's order. My grandson is Westin; the book we received is personalized for Peyton and Weston. I don't know a Peyton. Order needs to be corrected and shipped right away!! Will update review when correct items are received.
Didn't know that it wasn't a pop-up tent. Had to be assembled. Too many pieces & Flimsy. Return policy sucked. Will be a yard sale item.
Had these for about a week now - terrible quality. feels very cheap - and the microphone does NOT work.
This toy the first one worked for one day and the second one we got dose work at all
The family I gave this to was unable to figure out how to play it.
This particular helicopter is not durable at all. We've had it less than a month, and already a propeller and one of the rocket launcher guns have broken. We have other sets from this brand, and other similar brands, and haven't had this much trouble from any of those. My son is pretty good, for a 6 year old, about taking care of his stuff. I'm very disappointed in the quality and durability of this set.
Was pretty dissatisfied with the quality. The stars were too heavy to float and the giant Thomas popped almost immediately after inflating. I have had my fair share of parties and almost always fill up my balloons myself so I did not over fill the balloons. Cute balloons but wished I could use all of them. My nephew was still excited to see the balloons though.
It was a terrible thing to send mr an opened product! The plastic was removed! I want my money back! I think it was used
Complete garbage! Cannot understand a word you say through the microphone.
This was USED! All the stickers were put on, there was tape on the box, random batteries in the box, clearly this was a very used item and I am appalled that this was sent as a new item!
I had mad a bigger purchase and had this as an add on item. Unfortunately it is not the same color as the picture and when I got the item the box it came in was damaged. This item was labeled as new. Now I can't even trade my returning item in for the correct one because it is an add on item and I would have to make another big purchase.
Fake Product with BALANCE on the battle stadium NOT BEYBLADE. The seller ship from China with very poor package. The product is very bad quality. Terrible !!
One of the pieces was broken when it arrived so we could never fully set it up. Other than hat I'm sure it would have been good.
Loved the set but way over priced. The exact same set was a third of the price on Fisher price website . Definitely feel like it was holiday price gouging.
When I got my package today it was damaged wasn't expecting it to be like this.
These stones are shipped all together in a plastic bag, which is then thrown into a thin envelope. They arrived broken and chipped. And they do not accept returns. Had to throw out over half, breaking my sons heart. Needs better packaging!!!
Not only do you not get a choice in selecting colors but you also do not have the power to return defective items. I ordered these and both of them were defective in the sense that the air was leaking. I'll be avoiding this seller in future.
I ordered a chess set and was sent checkers and backgammon pieces. Returned it and was sent the wrong item again...
Smells like strawberry lip balm Not as big as I was expecting Wouldn't consider "slow" rising, it rises almost instantly after squishing. (Would add video if I could)
One of the minis in the box was missing a hand it's a giant so very noticeable very dissapointed first DND mini purchase and the big one is broken otherwise craftsmanship and painting are awesome
Box was destroyed shipped to me in a bag not a box this was a present for a sick parent completely ruined
Love the doll but mines eyes are crushed,and the clover unstuck from one hand,you can tell because the glue is still there
Nothing like what was shown. Web is very flimsy kept breaking . Gave up on using it. Not meant for Outdoors like shown. Spider was allot smaller than shown also. Would not attach to the webbing as the holes are to large & broke when I did get it partially up. Please don't waste your money
Didn't work upon arrival. Made noise, but no lights. Was suppose to be a xmas present for my autistic brother :(
Not the dinosaur pictured. Stupid.
Only half of my order was given to me. I paid (overpaid) for 2 quarters. Which honestly I didn't mind because it's tough getting out to the coin shop sometimes. But I only received 1 measly quarter. Where is my other coin?
Unlike other negative reviews, this lounge is comfortable and doesn't deflate. So why one star? the backrest attaches by two hard plastic interlocking rings that take me as much as ten minutes to try and lock together. Whoever designed this interface needs to find another profession. It's awkward, clumsy, and frustrating to reassemble. Did I say reassemble? the damn back falls off every you go to store the lounger. Then you are in for another tens minutes of fidgeting. Also, the accompanying floating cup holder that attaches to the side of the lounger is useless. It doesn't lay flat in the water and spills drinks.
Product is not what was shown and the box that the lamp was in was bent and dented to hell outside shipping box wasnt damaged at all..lamp shade is bent and disfigured..
Item broke right away. Granddaughter 6 years old hit the ball and club broke!
The box was damaged, flimsy, and torn- obviously not a new box as I had ordered! The cards were smaller than the original game.
I never received it, I ordered again and hopefully I can give a good review.
These had a terrible horrible odor we couldn't use them.
ordered this in October for a Christmas gift. it was stored and wrapped until Christmas and after my daughter opened it it only worked for 2 weeks. the music wont play when you wind it. Very dissapointed in the quality for the price.
Cute tattoos, in a wide variety. Until they disappear within a few hours, into nothing or, if you're lucky, a light gray blob
Couldn't figure out how to inflate it.
Never could get it to work. Not only that, it floats on its side. Extremely poor quality.
Took 7 days to get it on prine
Not at all, I never got anything from Asurion. Can you please do something about it,thanks. Worst experience ever.
This item is way overpriced. I would send it back if I had free shipping for return. It comes from China so you have to pay to ship it back. Item is very small like a matchbox truck.
We ordered this Sonic Costume for our 8 year old Autistic Grandson , He is obsessed with Sonic …. When my Wife and Daughter had him try it on yesterday ,the legs are about 6 inches to long , but the worst thing is the head piece is way different than the advertised picture . It does not cover his ears or a lot of his hair , Needless to say I'm very disappointed … He is an average sized child for his age , but the head piece seems more for a baby … They are going to try to find some fabric to make it cover his head the way the pic looks … I just thought that you should know this ..
Dislikes bc it said it was made of durable material for a pet puppy and it's not because it doesn't hold air. It deflected the same day
This toy leads itself to do more in advertisements and I had one very sad little girl.
Crappy, wish I can have negative rating option
Damaged!cover has a FOLD and pages are torn.
I recieved my slide today with NO hardware! My kids have been so excited to get this. What a disappointment!
Received half the product. Missing a tunnel and the middle square. I was not able to return in the allowed time frame so I got stuck with half the product at full price. Very disappointed. I paid this much because of all the pieces and didn't receive them.
Wand necklace and earrings where damage
Ordered a girl & received a boy! I don't have time to replace it with a girl at this point. Very disappointed!
Very overpriced knock-off...don't buy this product.
Defective - came with a huge hole in it
This never worked for me. Very disappointed with this product. Now It's like I bought a helium balloon for 40$. I would not recommend to anyone
The plush I received was a boot leg and wasn't authentic. The plush was missing it's tush tag and the tag was wrong. Plush quality was okay but not for the price. I had to return the item which is upsetting due to the fact it was for my little sister's birthday. Don't order unless you want to run with the risk of not getting an authentic plush.
These are junky plastic. I've bought other Chase Rescue Bots on Amazon (they're my go-to birthday present right now) that are much better quality. Very disappointing.
Don not purchase. These are not Jumbo cards and Amazon doesn't allow a return on them. You will be disappointed. Normal size cards.
Screen is faulty, stays patchy.
The product came used. Once connected the water barely came out. My daughter was so disappointed
Absolutely ridiculous! I received a balloon that looked like it went through a tornado! Wrinkled and crumpled beyond belief! And paint chipping or rubbing off of the Mylar itself!!!!! Who the heck knows where THIS balloon came from! I'm FLOORED! It looks like it's been used 100x
Never showed up and its been almost 2 months
Received the chalk today. Opened it to find all the chalk was broken! Very dissapointed.
This item isn't eligible for return. Figures are much smaller than they appear in picture. I would not recommend.
Kept rolled up and when opened did not work.
cheap plastic from china
Its a scam! I would give it no stars if I could. I never even received it but yet they were able to take my money before they made it where you could not contact them! DO NOT ORDER!
Never received my package am really disappointed
unable to rate product because I never received it. After I waited over a week after it was suppose to be delivered, I contacted the seller and was told they did not know what happened to my order. Money was refunded but I was disappointed with customer service.
Did not work straight out the box
I have written several times about not receiving my items and haven't heard back! They are now 2 weeks missing!
Broke first lap these are garbage I want my money back
Super cute, but wouldn't stay ironed on. Followed the instructions to a T, and it still wouldn't stay.
Upon receiving them and opening them, there was a huge smell. Thinking it might have been from being closed in, I left them out for a couple of days to air out, but the smell didn't go away. This was to be for kids and I couldn't possibly give them goodies in bags that stunk. I wouldn't recommend this product because of the smell. The baggies were very cute and festive though.
We purchased this as a gift and it never worked! We followed the directions/video exactly and the remote never worked. Completely disappointing. We contacted the company directly, as it says to do on the card that comes in the original box, but they never responded. Horrible customer service. Do NOT purchase as you too, may be completely disappointed. It was especially frustrating because after purchasing a helium tank to blow the bird up, our 6 year old son was so excited to fly it, but it NEVER worked.
Wasn't what I expected it to look like.
Terrible and greasy...and chunky and smelled horrible! Buy at a local store instead. We threw it away.
This product is mislabeled. It is actually a transformer named Wedge and not Salvage. I wish I had read the reviews before I ordered. I'm surprised Amazon hasn't fixed this problem. My grandson was so disappointed because he already had the Wedge Transformer.
I would give it a five stars but it was used product. The bag was opened, the bear was all ready put together. False product description. We will not order from you.
Kids loved them until the mesh broke off
Looks nice but really cheaply made!
This item was purchased as an educational giveaway for a Science Fair, but I did not read the reviews thinking the item HAD to work as a compass. Otherwise why bother? Fortunately this item is now returnable and I ordered compasses that DO work. I would suggest that the company add in its description that the toy does not work as a compass. We are a non-profit so I sincerely appreciate the ability to return.
If I could give this negative stars, I would. It has not worked properly from the start. It looked like a great idea and a super fun reward activity for my classroom. It is a total bust and waste of money. I am very sad the return window has closed.
My son needed this today for career day. He was so excited only to find it was VERY CHEAPLY made to the point where he couldn't use most of it. The watch stayed home because it wouldn't buckle, the flash light doesn't work well at all because of the poor quality. No matter how you adjust the vest shield it rides up poking him in the cheeks, the hand shield broke as soon as he picked it up. Also missing paper that goes in officer sleeve.
The item was ordered twice still pending to return the first item received. Twice this item came without the pyramid. If the item will come with only two pieces then the item description and pictures has to change as it does not come as advertised and it is really disappointing.
This is the 3rd puzzle from this maker in a row that has been missing pieces.
Haven't received yet
The balls only bounced 2-3 times and then stopped. The worst Newtons cradle I've ever seen. We will return this for our money back
I really wanted to like this game, however, my first turn off was the component and card quality. I opened the game box and noticed how cheap the box felt due to the thin cardboard, the currency tokens are made of then cheap card stock, and the cards and player aids are really thin and cheap. The thin box is not deal-breaker it is fine but I would prefer a little thicker box, however, the box insert for the cards is cartoonishly large so the cards go everywhere in the box. The included currency tokens are tiny light green rectangles that feel really cheap, I hazard to even call them tokens, it feels and looks like cheap gloss printer paper that feels bootleg. I would prefer it if instead, they gave paper money that was larger with some design at the bare minimum, however, ultimately at the price point of 28 or more dollars, I would expect at least decent quality currency tokens. Lacking a linen finish and being so thin at this price point is egregious if I was to compare the quality of the cards to playing cards and other cheap card-based games the quality is bottom of the barrel. The concept for the game and the box art is what really drew me to my purchase and it is such a disappointment to be in such poor execution.
Received it damaged! There is no way it can be given as a gift. It easily could've been shipped in a box to prevent this.
Disappointed. Thought we were getting all 6, only got one.
The brake is worthless. It slides down the cable just as if nothing it there. Our kids got hurt. If you buy this, buy a separate brake.
Didn't realize how small these would be and apparently can't be returned.
Would rate less if I could, very unhappy with how it fall apart every time daughter touches it. terrible product and I will be returning it.
I am not a fan of this puzzle brand. The pieces are nearly all the same shape. They must be aware of this since they print letters (A,B,C,D etc) on the back of the puzzle so you can at least sort the pieces by location. Often, something that seems to fit doesn't really if you look on the back. I love difficult puzzles, but these are just frustrating and not fun.
Bought this for my 18 month old daughter. Its difficult for her to distinguish places given for placing alphabets. This is good for kids who knows all characters.
Doesn't work....Don't bother
I had to cut the inside of the sleeves because they were cutting off the circulation to my daughter's arms. The crown could be made better. Overall a cute costume they should try fixing the issues then it would be awesome!
The snail on the mushroom was broke off when it arrived.
Completely expired -old -dried up lumps! Total waste of time and money. Seller should be ashamed.
Never came DO noT buy
I bought my daughter this scooter for her birthday. She rode it for a week and it broke from the bottom. I returned It and requested a new one, thinking that We just got unlucky with a poorly made scooter. The exchange was quick and easy. Fast forward to a month and it broke yet again in the exact same place! Now Ive missed the return date deadline and out on money that I've spent on this poorly made scooter. I'm super disappointed and I hope you all use caution when purchasing from this seller.
Someone stole it from my front porch so I never got to drive it.
My niece never got her gift in time for when they were visiting.. 2-day shipping took 19 days to receive. Seller is inconsistent
Got this for my dog. She never got a chance to play with. I took out of box and aired up. Took out in yard to see how Auggie would like. Gave the ball a good kick. The ball hit the trunk of a small cherry tree (no thorns) and popped. The whole thing lasted less than 5 min. This ball is abrasion resistant but pops easier than a conventional ball, My old ball hit the same tree hundreds of times.
sending this back ears stick straight forward out of head they don't stand up at all. No wonder there is a video of the elephant and the rabbit but not of the dog.
I don't think these are brand name bristle blocks. No label on the container.
Half of the letters were torn. Was not able to use.
It came in pieces and had to glue all heads to sticks and all handles to sticks.
I know its a cheap pool but it lasted only 12 days before the bottom ring stopped holding air.
Placed an order on Nov 27th and still haven't received it despite being given a delivery date of Dec 8th.
Do not be fooled by this seller....bogus. received 8 frogs..all duplicates..not even shown in the picture....also received 5 animals all duplicates that i am not sure what the animals are. Picture is BOGUS.. BEWARE
I wish I would Have known that it was wrote on expression when It was not in English Other than that the Box was OK It was sent from China Not impressed with the quality.
This product came 20 balls short 😔
Only lasted 2 months and BOTH shoulder straps are broken. They are coming unstitched from the top. My son is only in 1st grade. No heavy books only papers and a folder. Very poor quality for the price
Showed up today with a broken wand in the package
This product showed up completely damaged and batteries cannot sustain impact.
My daughter loved it since day one. Is a nice toy but after just 2 months the rubber on his nose is ripping
Sent refill pack.. disappointed my daughter on her birthday !
Super tiny and they were packaged with thin plastic so they came up all bend it
I received a really bad quality product and it's impossible return it DO NOT BUY THIS SELLER I'm so upset
The drill/driver constantly pops out of gear. It starts working when you switch it to the opposite direction for about 5 seconds then it pops out of gear and free spins until you switch directions again. Pretty annoying!
Cheap!! The fuzzy animal is only attached by a small piece of plastic. Broke the first day!
Too big. More of a rat. The tail looks too fake.
Not what I ordered! I ordered the spotty dog, received the husky. I am not impressed.
I never received this product and had no communications back to me either. Not a happy shopper
The Balloons were great but they didn't come with the string so I was unable to use them properly for my event.
missing a piece of puzzle
Way to small for me and my boots, which is saying something cause I'm short and tiny. Good thing I didn't pay much cause I tossed them.
nice size numbers, but they start to disappear after a few games.
I never received this product, was notified that it was likely lost in transit, was given the option to cancel the purchase and receive a refund. I chose that option but the refund has not yet been verified. D. Huff
Stopped working in 2 days, bought for the grandsons gift.My controller paired with the helicopter but it would not take off .Disappointed!
Junk product... doesn't work ... sending it back !
Only a couple of balloons worked and the ones that did work deflated super fast of water while in the bucket.
Only received 23 instead of the advertised 30. Also there were several duplicates, paint was peeling off, and they all had a horrible chemical smell. We have bought these individually packaged in stores before and they did not smell like this.
Some of the balloons had holes and the pompoms are very small. One of the Mickey ears came in folded and was damaged.
Where is my stuff?? Says delived but yet to receive it
The measurements are totally off by far like 10” on the length
This was a good idea that didn't work. I gave this to my husband as a gift since he loves astronomy and is fascinated with revolving light and stars and planets. It broke as I tried to show him how it worked. The globe fell apart so he never saw the effect. I had seen it before I wrapped it, but had to order an adapter to plug it into the wall, since it had only a USB connector. Who wants to use it next to your computer??
Quality wasnt amazing.
Product broke after one day
Received the refit model. A $30 difference. Is my time spent going to a drop off location for return, then reordering with the hopes the correct one is sent worth $30...
Got them for my daughters party 8-9 year olds and these glasses fit her American Girl doll so disappointing
I hate to leave a negative review like this, but under the circumstances I think it's appropriate. I was ordering this drone for a research project where the camera is everything. Soon as it ships coincidentally, I received an email stating they're having battery issues and to essentially yank it in and out rapidly to get it to charge. When it finally arrives the drone powers on just fine but the controller is completely dead. Won't turn on or accept any charge no matter the tricks I try. I've already got it packed back up within hours of receiving it. I'll give customer support 24hrs to respond with a timely solution before I return it.
Purchased for my 5 yr old grandson for Christmas. It literally fell apart when he started moving the ball through the maze. Gift card fell out of the bottom, so he never got to complete the maze.
Won't stay on your teeth. Total waste of money seller wants me to return it after it's been opened and resell it I guess. This thing goes in your mouth it's not sanitary to return. Save your money it will not work
The bag came ripped up, tattered and the hat was creased. Hanging threads, it was a mess. I sent this item back with their tracking number almost a month ago and have NOT received a refund. Truly disappointing.
Dislike how I didn't receive it and I have messaged seller several times with no response. How do I get my money back?
Ordered these for a birthday party, but got all black instead of black and colored, as pictured. Pretty disappointed.
This thing fell apart as soon as I took it out of the bag...the arms fell off!
A total bummer. Just got it. Only one light works. Will be returning it.
Pump was missing, and the cow was filthy. What a disappointment.
My order was a USED Eiffel Tower lamp 14 inches tall , I received a new Eiffel Tower lamp 10 inches tall I'm totally disappointed
Used twice and it no longer blows the bubbles from the front. Bubbles come from the sides but I don't see any cracks. Very disappointed.
No seeds sprouted . wast of time and money
This is a waste of money! The amount of slime this kit makes is so tiny. You will be much further ahead by buying glue, glitter, and any other slime ingredients separately. The packaging makes it look appealing but it is very disappointing.
We microwaved forever and it never softened to use..complete waste of money junk...we threw in the trash and totally wasted our money..DO NOT BUY.
My daughter loves this pua so much. However after only 1 week it is splitting at the seams in 2 spots.(that or it arrived that way and I'm just noticing) It was an official Disney brand and I had expected it to hold together better then this. I am so disappointed, this was supposed to be her special stuffed animal and she is bonding with it but I'm afraid it's not safe to give her anymore.
The product itself is fine and adorable. However after being a loyal Amazon shopper for 10 years I am disappointed with the shipping package. This was intended as a gift however the boxed toy was shipped in a padded envelope. Upon arrival the toy's packaging was flattened and wrinkled. Hardly appropriate to give as a gift. Amazon please review your shipping practice. If the product purchased was in a box, it should be shipped in box to preserve its integrity.
This produck was damaged/some bottles where broken and it dont have the hooks with it. I cant figure out how to get a and it dont look nothing like the picture I cant figure out how to return/exchange so this is my review.
The paint job was horrible and it fell apart almost immediately.
One of Boulder's blades jammed within minutes. The yeti arms won't stay on the dude. Save your money, pick something else.
Fried my $35 runcam camera, pretty angry about that. Follows supplied wiring directions, which apparently isn't correct.
This was stated as complete set of 8. I received 1 random not complete set.
has broken his elbow and knees in the joints.Poor quality
I received it damaged. The broken wood is dangerous for the baby as she might get splinters.
The toy has a long crack on it and it's not even opening to put the batteries in it
Awful product! We bought this for our grandson it will not even pull the carts much less itself around the track. They will not let me return it or refund my money because it's been over 30 days. It was a gift and we ordered it early to make sure we got in enough time. So upset over this!
Molds tear when you try to pull the pops out. Their heads are too large to be removed once frozen because the silicon has no extra give for it.
I received a different Doll then the one I payed for!
I never received this product!!!
Doesn't work at all.
I ordered this item for a child 18 months old. When I received the product it had a sticker on it saying it was not for use for anyone under 3 so it was not as advertised.
Do not buy. Waste of money.
poor quality .... I played once and then cann't recharge the power ....
Didn't send any soil or seeds contrary to their product description. Reached out to them but no reply till now.
These were so super tiny that the kids dropped the bubble wands into the container and were not able to get them back out. These were a part of the gift bags for a 4yo. Birthday party favor. I would not personally buy them again.
The seat came with 4/6 rivets broken. It is unusable. I question how quickly they would have broken even had they arrived intact.
The package is tore up and the item is obviously used.. it hardly lights or beeps.. I just want what I paid for. I want a new and working keychain, that's all, I'm trying to use it for a cosplay
very cheaply made, thin and sparse.
Even though these doll cloths were relatively inexpensive, they were poorly made.
Didn't come with a base to stand up on....and it doesn't stand up straight on its own.
I have ordered less expensive wigs that are higher quality. This wig is very cheaply made, but if you are looking for a cost-saving wig, then this may be a good option. The problems: 1. It is VERY small. Supposedly you can adjust this using the hooks inside, but even fully unhooked this wig is too small for my head, and I have a small head. I would even call this a child sized wig. 2. The wig sheds. Even without handling the wig, the hair falls out easily. 3. The braided buns are attached poorly. They are hanging on to the wig by a visible string. The buns are also coming undone without much handling. 4. because of the buns, the wig is heavy and pulls backwards. without pins this will slide off. 5. There are very few tracks of hair and it is easy to see through to the wig base from all angles.
Returned this because no noise came from it
What I ordered, and what I received are totally different. There was also 3 identical pieces, and missing others. The pieces are all different than pictured. You don't get what's pictured. I'm very unhappy!
Should've trusted the review about how cheaply this is made. My 5-year-old got frustrated after few attempts of not able to transform it due to fitting issues. Even as an adult I felt like I'll break it if not extra careful with the flimsy plastic pieces. Not recommended unless you want to frustrate your kids.
Never received my order
Very cheap! Purchased as a gift and was embarrassed to have to give it due to low quality. Plastic is very flimsy.
Didn't like the fact that they were not white covered boxes like the photo, they came in box brown, can't write on them like the previous orders
This thing sucks you guys. It sounds junky like the music is from the 90's, for one, for 2 it's got an Asian accent and for 3 that accent as it speaks what the animals are you can't even understand the dang thing. So if my daughter wants to learn to speak Asian later on that's fine, but right now while we aren't even speaking yet and learning the basics I don't think this toy fits the bill since ra beet isn't how you say rabbit.
Even after I replaced the batteries the keys stopped working after a day. The cellphone was so annoying and inconsistent I threw it out without even letting my daughter see it.
IF there was a no star review I would rate it that. It was flimsy, fell apart in the first two seconds out of the packaging.
For the price I paid, I thought it would have more and be bigger. If I could, I would ask for a refund.
Bought 2 of these for my granddaughters. Cheap pieces of junk. Got a refund on one because the electronics were faulty and the car would only run for a few minutes before shutting off and wouldn't restart. The other one has a faulty on off switch and won't turn the car off. Stay away. Waste of money. Junk
I didn't like the fact that I have to do this review. As a matter fact it's pissing me off
Seller sent wrong package and has been unhelpful in resolving the situation.
Looked like a cheap knock off had defects in the paint.
The microphone volume is super low. The toy makes sounds at a good level but I didn't buy a noise maker.
The base of this game where the lines run out to the plunger do not allow the it to lay flat therefore the rockets lay sideways not allowing them to launch upward, only sideway and useless to play this .
It is not that colorful, look old( I know it is old style but still not colorful like other ones
The beads came off after one day. I am very disappointed. It is cute but not worth the money for one day.
Won't pair. Absolute trash. I want my money back
I purchased this beautiful dress for my two year old daughter for Halloween. I was very unhappy with it. First, the glitter shed everywhere, it was not properly sealed. Second the whole second layer of the bottom of the dress (the part with the glitter) was sewed in a very tacky way. The whole second layer of the bottom of the dress ripped off. My family and I took about an hour to sew it back together! This was the first time that I decided to take my daughter trick or treating. If you plan on taking your little ones outside to trick or treat, please do not purchase this product. You will be very unhappy. You will thank me later.
These didn't survive the trip, four of four damaged.
This item is extremely breakable, I have to fix it every 5 minutes, does not fold up properly. Would not recommend. It was not worth my money. My son is very upset.
One of them broke the very first day when we went to push one of the little buttons to play. Disappointed.
Received 3 identical characters. My daughter was really disappointed with these stocking stuffers, as they were all the same.
The box was ripped and part of one of the toys was flipped open. The other toys were zip tied in. So it looks as if it was used or just stolen. Wont know how the toys are because they are a gift and wont be opened or played with just yet. Bummed it looks like I bought a $20 used toy as a gift
I need someone to contact me ASAP regarding a list of returns that I shipped out, got the refund for but am now being charged for it again. It's URGENT since you guys are now STEALING from me as I no longer have any of the returned items
Great bey but very poor quality. If you want a bey that's gonna last buy Hasbro or Takara tomy beyblades
I have not received this item. It was going to be a gift for my granddaughter but I did not receive in time for birthday party.
Not a great item. Expensive for what you get. Sound was distorted and slow to respond even after changing the batteries.
I have never receive this purchase. I would like to have a full refund. I'll expecting an answer. Thanks & regards,
I purchased a pack of these and they do not work. I wound it up and placed it in a card but it did not fly when the card opened. I tried just winding it up and letting it go in the air and it still did not fly. These are terribly made. I would recommend you look elsewhere.
Really awful Pencil doesn't work right
did not come in the official box. definitely should have been marked used and not new. the actual product itself is great. the 1 star is for the seller.
These sleeves splits very easy with light use. Good shuffle feel. I do not reccomend
DO NOT BUY!! Wish I had read the reviews......most markers were dried out. Very disappointed.
Horrible horrible horrible. By the time they could remove the bags from the frog they out grew it. The velcro was way to difficult to get off the toy.
Junk. Charms are made out of foam, I'll be returning.
The clasp broke on the first day. Not a quality product. I am 5'11 and 155 lbs so I am not a heavy guy. I would not recommend this or any other similar belt.
was damaged very easily
Decent product, although does not come with any directions! Fortunately my 9 year old figured it out by just mixing and mashing, although c'mon! Provide some guidance on what you can do as it comes with clay which is not intuitive.
Bought this for my daughter top take to Disney on ice. It worked for one day complete junk
Cute squishies but the main one had a smashed box. This is a present and my daughter is all about the containers so im upset about giving her this for christmas
Paid for 4 pairs and was only sent 2 pairs. What gives? Not cool.
This footstool is about 9 in by 9 in it isn't even big enough for toddler to sit on I am so annoyed. It looks exactly like the picture I didn't even take it out of the box it's going straight back to Amazon but when I say small I mean super tiny little people small
This item looks completely different than what I purchased!!!! And it has a tag on it that says 9.95 from shop Disney !!!!
It got a hole down the seam on Day 2.
This product is an absolute joke after putting it in the water and letting it sit for almost 3 full days it's simply became a little mis-shaped and barely showed any growth. Very disappointed 4 year old. Don't waste your money.
Well, I can't write a review on how the actual toys are because I never got them. Can't get in touch with the company either.
Absolutely awful. The beads are too big on one of the paths and I can barely push it through let alone my 2 year old.
These have not even been on an hour, they are all peeling off. Most temporary tattoos you have to scrub off.
The product did come quick. However, this was a used product. The ear buds still had ear wax on them and was scrapped up as his is not new as listed. Don't buy!!
I thought I was supposed to receive 16 squishies but received only one. I don't really like the design
This stroller is plastic and very cheaply made. I ordered 2 and they both broke within minutes on the first day played with. Would not recommend. Waste of money.
Grandson loves the incredible. Just received them. Very small. Maybe for a baby, not a 7 yr. old. Ok for stocking stuffer. Not big enough for anything else.
This is for my sons bday. Box came extremely damaged, looks like the product had been opened and poorly taped shut. Feel like I just threw $20 in the trash. I hate giving bad reviews, but this is really disappointing.
Came with a large hole in it right out of the box
It actually stopped flying stopped flying after 1 week!!! Unbelievable!!!
This item is junk! Only the red light works even after changing the batteries. Cheap item.
There are two printings of this game, get the other one. These are much harder to read.
The resistance of the spring is much more than the original, but I don't know that it springs back with any more force/speed. I ended up just going back to the original nerf spring and tossing this.
They broke before they came out of the package.
It's my fault I did not read the many reviews here. I just never thought I would get anything for the price , that insanely BAD. I collect Game of Thrones merchandise and this was an insult. Please remove these or at least charge 5 dollars MAX. This is dollar store quality
I ordered two of these for my daughters for Christmas last year. We just opened them, and one is a complete dud. Unfortunately, it's probably way too late to return these or get a refund and return them. I would not recommend this product. The other “working pen” would only allow you to use it for a minute or two before it had to warm up all over and again and recharge it. Both are junk!
Needed a “H” for a craft and some letters so I ordered Another set. None. No “H” in this set. Not a single one. There goes that craft.
Ordered a telescope and after I ordered it the picture changed and so did the product didn't not receive the telescope i first ordered. The first one I ordered had a nice box for the case and this telescope is more like a magnifier then a telescope you cant see anything in the distance
Winnie the Pooh received is not the same as the picture purchased.
Was going to use this product for my own gender reveal but there were missing parts. The parts that were there weren't even put together and were too complicated to put together myself. It would have taken a few hours to do so since there were no instructions. Not worth it at all!
Horrible horrible!! I paid $10.99 for balloons that instantly popped when inflated. The ones that did stay inflated did not hold helium at all. Dropped to the ground an hour later. I never was soo disappointed with balloons till today. The kids were not happy at all . They could not even play with the balloons because they would just deflate or pop. Garbage. Not a happy customer at all. Please do not bother to waist your money.
So stupid, does not pop like on tv. My 3 year old won't touch it after the belly pop was only the belt barely moving.
this is my pack...one bulb light...not bus
Item arrived damaged. The digger has a hinge which was broken. Only realised that it was damaged tonight... sons birthday tomorrow... not happy.
This LEGO was not in the package delivery...the package contained drain catchers! What went wrong with this order??? The tracking # was correct & delivery address was correct. I would like an explanation plus the item that was ordered to be delivered to the address on the order!
Whoever made this garbage puzzle needs to reevaluate their life. Multiple pieces fit like a glove in the wrong places. It took me forever to realize the border wasn't aligned correctly because the same puzzle piece fit perfectly in like 3 different places. Also I believe this company needs a new machine since multiple pieces were stuck together and then ripped. I don't party go out drinking on a Saturday night. I just want to complete a puzzle without this inconvenient nonsense. You get one star for your crap puzzle.
Did not arrive on time, I kept getting arrival date changes and now I can't return it because it wants me to go to a UPS store which isn't close to my area. I want to print a label!
4 of the 5 eggs holding the slime was broken when package was received. Slime was oozing all over the packaging BUT I decided to keep the product. Slime seemed unharmed.
This item was delivered to the wrong address
Package was delayed by 2 days than it proceeded to tell me it delivered but I never received it in the mail
I ordered 4 of these and only one was delivered to me
Probably the worst fc ever. The vtx didnt work well.
Definitely DO NOT recommend for pool use. Bathtub is probably ok for younger children.
This is so cheap and it broke within 10 minutes of my 16 month old playing with it. You get what you pay for though..
Game came in extremely poor condition. I am not happy.
Looks nice but I got it in a terrible condition, 2 corners are damaged due to poor packaging.... just in time for the holidays.
Recieved my product with a lid that was taped shut and busted. The bag had a hole in it and when I took it out of the mailbox the beads were pouring put. Not impressed with packaging at all.
What's really excited to get this for my daughter I read the description several times and never noticed that only in one place does it say that it only compatible with other watches and android phones we're a house of iPhone users and unable to message with the watch
This shit never arrived!!! Don't buy !!! Scam!!! Contacted seller but never responded!!!!
Is not durable. Roll up is not good, pieces fall out sides. Not what we were expecting.
These were purchased as extra masks for a pool party. They may fit an infant, but not a toddler and definitely not a child. Besides that they broke and couldn't be used at all!
Horrible. The ball smelled like chemicals and was so sticky. After 1 hour of play the ball is now filthy. Not the best purchase but my kid is over the moon happy for some reason. You can get the same product at 5 Below cheaper without the smell and sticky.
Product description is false. Some of the items don't have the features they claim they do like the key that rolls back.
I would not even give it one star. The one I received was already opened, dirty and doesn't work. I would suggest not wasting your money.
I ordered this well before Easter for my son. Based on the shipping times I should have received it just around Easter. Here we are first week in May and I still have not received this product. I asked the seller to ship another one and they said they would just refund my money. Very disappointed as this is a super cute shave kit and I was really looking forward to my son having it, but glad I'm receiving a refund.
Came with a defective remote. Also appears to be poor quality.
Never arrived. Damaged in shipping? Had to order a different one from a different company days from Christmas, arrived in time!
I got to use this once. To get the sprinkler to work you have put the water on full blast, and once it starts, you have to turn the pressure down. Well in my second attempt to get the pressure right, the plastic ripped apart. Very disappointed.
The packet I received hardly had 15 seeds, 5 of which broken. I was supposed to get 50 seeds.
Items like these are hard to review negatively, but proper packaging is essential as they are often kept for collectible value/purpose. I was dissapointed to see my item had some punches and nicks on the outer box sleeve, as this was sent in a bag without proper protection.
First of all, the bath bomb does not form. Press it hard and waited for 30 min. The bomb came out into half. So there are no surprises at all!! Can I return it after using the first time???
Dint not came complete I'm missing that cups verry bad products
This is a nock off its so stupid and it took 6 days to come here it looks so bad and not worth 13 dollars
It was exactly what my daughter wanted but it was ripped at the seams. The more she squishes the squishy, the more it rips.
The product that was shipped was a cheaper version of the one pictured and ordered.
Not easy for beginners like stated... used twice then put in storage
Well, it's a great idea but poorly made. The bolt action lever broke off after about an hour of play. The shells never ejected (in fact that is how the bolt lever broke), the scope never stayed on. What a disappointment.
The wrong item was sent, and when Amazon says not eligible for return, do not order from this company!
The bubbles arrived quickly, yet about half were bent. I did not have time to return and replace them as they were an end of year gift for my students, I gave one star because they did arrive quickly and did look appealing at first sight.
Poor quality product
These are crap. Just barely touch the plastic and they rip.
Would not recommend whatsoever!!!! Kept delaying the arrival date & never received them!
Terribly cheap product no matter the price, dominos don't fit at all. Completely worthless. Do not recommend!
Clothes were cheaply made and shoes did not fit. Returned and fully refunded.
This was a Christmas gift for my little Granddaughter, and it fell apart while her mother was trying to assemble it!! My Granddaughter never got to sing on the Mic because the Mic broke, the plastic was so inferior, it all fell apart in an instant. My daughter threw it in the trash the first day of opening it! I'm glad this was not the only gift I gave my Granddaugter, because if it was the only gift she would have nothing from me for Christmas 2018! Don't buy this!! It's a waste of money! I can't even get my money back because it's in the trash now! SMH!!
Smelled like a strong chemical.
This is about the cheesiest seat I have ever seen and for the price it is pitiful. The fabric cover is very light weight and cheaply sewed. The buckle that goes together is extremely hard to work and my 7 year old granddaughter had to come to me to take it apart. Looks much better then it really is and I believe it should at least operate easily for a child as that is who it is intended for.
Truck turned on but no traction on the wheels, fire truck does not follow the lines. Gift for my nephew was a bust.
it would be a really cool toy. but two things you need to know first. ONE the mouse takes AAA batteries and the remote takes AA batteries and two expect it to INSTANTLY fall apart because it does not come with ANY screws.... seriously they did not even screw it together. no screws AT ALL
Much smaller than pictured and only one came.
One of these won't turn off after just over the return date. Not happy.
Unfortunately we received this float and it had a leak so from the first time my daughter used it it didn't stay inflated.
Would not recommend.
Disappointed!! Two of the letters didn't have the bottom orange flop so the air didn't stay inside.
Didn't hold the amount of cards that the description claimed.
We bought a Kids RC Car Remote Control Electric Powered Wheels for our 2 year old granddaughter. Everything worked well until 4 months later when the battery did not hold charge. Since we bought extended warranty, we have contact Asurion Protection plan to find out that the seller - BIG TOYS DIRECT - provides warranty for the first 6 month. We contacted them. They responded quickly however thats were the problems began. When we told the tech support person what the problem was, he immediately stated that the battery warrant for only 3 months. When we asked to email us the terms and conditions which state 3 month battery warranty, he backed off and couldn't provide in writing what he claimed initially (CYA). When we requested a replacement battery he asked that we go and PURCHASE a volt meter to test the battery. Imagine having to find a store, drive there and purchase the volt meter (would have cost more than just buying a new battery). When we stated we don't have one, but all symptoms point to a faulty battery and requested a replacement, he stated that although the battery isn't expensive he wouldn't do that. Since we got no satisfaction, and ended up frustrated, we bought a replacement battery on Amazon (about $20), replaced the battery and everything is now working well. The whole process took over a month since we live hundreds of miles a way and see our granddaughter about once a month. So for that period of time she couldn't enjoy riding her car. If we could we would have rated this below 1 star. We suggest DO NOT BUY ANY PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER! POOR SUPPORT! SHAME ON THEM!
Bought it for a xmas gift what a p o s Junk dont buy it
Broken less than in a week
These never bloomed...
nobody jumps. even my three year old. no luck.
Didn't come with all parts
Product arrived with 3 of the 6 broken. And 2 of the same color not all different colors as shown. This was supposed to be a stocking stuffer gift for my son so I really disappointed that it arrived late and broken. To make matters worse this product is not able to be returned. NO STARS!
I received the wrong stuff instead of the magic box I received chopsticks holders. How do I get the right stuff ?
The crown was broken before she even got to wear it! The wand broke within the first 5 minutes, and it fell on the carpet! It was a disaster! So disappointed to give a birthday present and watch it fall apart in front of my eyes!!😡
Ordered two, one yellow and one blue. The blue one worked for short time and then would not allow to play. The screen would just be white and would not change. What can I do. Do not want another if it will not function? Thank you
Loved the look of these when they arrived, my kids decorated their new hydroflask bottles but within 1 day stickers are peeling right off! I bought two packs and they used them (which makes returning tough) and total waste of money...
Plugged it in; nothing happens. Unable to pair or do anything. I have Windows 10 and was supposed to be plug-n-play. It came with a CD, who has CD drives anymore.
Horrible! They are very tiny and are not the same as the ones in the pictures. They could probably fit into the mouth of a newborn baby but that's about it.
My product never got shipped to me. Though, on my orders it said it was delivered with two other items I ordered, and that they were all packaged together. I ordered these for a bridal shower and so that I could get two day shipping in order to get them on time and now I don't even have them.
I ordered officially licensed Groucho Marx glasses instead I received 6 hair clips.I was planning to wear the Groucho Marx glasses at a masquerade ball that plan is ruined. I would leave a 0 star rating but you have to leave at least one star to submit your review
I cant even leave a comment because it's been just about 2 whole weeks and I haven't recieved my item. Customer Service helped alot with refunding me my money and explaining what happened but I wish it didn't take so long. Grateful anyways.
Buyer be aware that I received my Fashionista Doll in a box that had been unsealed. Even the plastic was cut and there was a place on the top of the box that at some point had a sticker on it. I am so disappointed since this was going to be a birthday present for my niece. I can't believe Amazon would ship something out like this.
Kind of disappointing. Water just dribbles out and it doesn't shake much at all. Wouldn't buy again.
This was not a good toy. Didn't work right and child was upset and told me to send it back to Santa... but Amazon would not let this item be returned!
Very thin water balloons. Not even possible to fill with water. As soon as you try to stretch them at go over the attachments they rip. Could not even get one to work.
Arrived - and didn't work. Just like a lot of the other reviewers state.
This was a brand new puzzle with 4 missing pieces! Very disappointed with this product. It is a cute puzzle, but what good is a puzzle if there a missing pieces? I would not purchase from this company again.
Like other reviewers: I received the wrong dinos. I really want a triceratops!
basically a plastic beast boy with air in head you can push out and occasionally sounds like farting. Can't really sit on for whoopee cushion effect - needs new name for toy. First one I got I returned b/c looked like it had ben played with due to scratches on nose despite being in the original display box. 2nd one looked good but just didn't function well.
Cute design, great small size. Planned to use for kids birthday party. However, once inflated the valve immediately pops open and they deflate. Nothing like a bunch of frustrated disappointed kids at a party.
Fix the dam box where it will slide easily off as I have been a 1/2 hour now trying to make it slide. As,you can see the front piece broke off trying to pull It open It seems to be glued on and will have to return it. RIDICULOUS
This product is horrible. They are WAY WAY WAY too small, they look like they were made for a child, and they can't even be returned. Do NOT buy these.
I bought two packs and 3 out of four broke in less than two minutes. Very disappointing. Completely not worth the money. Happy to retract this if you give me my money back. Otherwise I will continue to warn people to not waste their money. Never bought anything so poorly constructed on Amazon and I buy a lot! I give this -1 out of 5.
Loved working the puzzle until the last piece!!!
So frustrated- ordered the cereal one because my daughter is high functioning- cereal is her lifeline and just went to finally do it and it's the candy one - with extra border pieces from another puzzle! What???!!! How is this possible? And I can find no way to contact the seller, reviews show they won't fix it or respond anyway. We are puzzle fans, but I'm leery now - this was our first White Mountain one.
If I could give no stars I would. Shipping took 5 days instead of 2. Received the WRONG ITEM! No clue what this thing is. It isn't returnable. Not able to contact anybody for refund. DO NOT DEAL WITH THESE PEOPLE!
Nice of u to send a 20$ D10 and not expect me to notice
The clay is all dried up.
The first three I opened fell apart in my hands. Returning
Cheaply made with cardboard and lightweight craft wood. The knobs are a major hazard for little ones. Regret the purchase.
Items came unboxed and wrapped loose in a plastic bag. Clearly not from the factory. Looked like something my son would have done to take them to show and tell.
For $8.99 I expected more than 3 little accessories... be sure and read between the lines... 1 st picture I expected and 2 picture is what I received.
Fun while it lasted...which wasn't long at all
Ordered 4 of these for my son and his friends. Within a week they had all busted. One all over my carpet where I had to have them professionally cleaned to have the color removed
I would've loved it had it shown up at all.
Clearly states 3 pack which is why I bought it. Only got 1.
I finally got my shoes in the mail and was disappointed that they are way big. I wear a 6.5 and I'm pretty sure what I got was a 7.5. There is no size stamped on them either.
2 of the 4 dinos were broken. The company offered to ship a new set or a refund. I asked for the refund. I ordered in March it's now July and never received a refund. Don't buy this broken product!
This was not a rubics cube at all totally disappointed. What I received did not look or fit the description at all
Like others who purchased this item, there were several eggs although not many that would not snap shut and/or stay shut. But the thing that was really annoying was that one entire color set was missing. I contacted the seller and they never even bothered to get back to me.
Does not work properly. I don't think it's blowing up how it's supposed to and is useless for my 2 year old.
These immediately stretched out and over half are unwearable after less than a day. I wasn't expecting a high quality bracelet, but these are far worse and a waste of money
Bought these for my students to use in my classroom. Exploded within 2 days.
First 10 minutes of using it at work and it popped covering my entire desk carpet and clothes in a purple glue substance ruining my keyboard as well.
worked for less than one hour
this was my second order of this item. First time perfect. Second time package was ripped and missed two of the packaged note tablets! I couldn't return it because I needed them for a birthday party but now I'm two short!
Didn't come with poles! Not happy!
Broke first time we used. Smaller than expected
Love the pops, but as usual the box from Amazon was damaged. Getting real tired of this constantly happening. The box can subtract value from the pop. Luckily i don't have a lot of viewers on you tube yet. Looks like i will be buying directly from the sellers warehouse and not from Amazon warehouse
The description is absolutely NOT what is pictured. The props are so small not even a small child would be able to use them. Then you have to assemble yourself and it's very cheap materials. I was going to return the item, however, it cost $5.99 to return, so you do the math. What a waste, you're better off going to the dollar store!
I did not like these people. I think they were of poor quailty.
Opened my package. These bags smell like they were soaked in perfume. Enough to make me nauseous. Will buy in eBay from now on.
These are huge. Way too big for my 8 year old let alone my 4 and 5 year old. And a no return policy - awful
Piece of garbage. Had to leave one star to make a comment. They advertise the shit out of this and my son had to have it. So even after reading the awful reviews I still bought it. (Idiot)
Don't bother.. the balloon is sealed shut. Took it the Party City and they couldn't get through it to blow it up. Very disappointing to find that out the morning of my daughter's party.
I ordered twice for my son,and I couldn't get it. And he still waiting for it.
I bought this as a present for a friend's little girl. It is in terrible shape, it is ripped, looks like it has been wet at some point in time, and the binding it coming/falling apart. Some of the pages are stuck together and if pulled apart they will rip. Amazon will not accept a return, and I am very disappointed.
They light up! I am a teacher and this will be more distracting than helpful. Nothing in the description says they light up. Very disappointed.
I'm very disappointed. These are broken after a month of light use (only used a couple of hours on weekends) and the return window is closed so I cannot return them. My daughter is super upset.
I was very disappointed with this product. I am a 1st grade teacher and I planned on using these for our Christmas program. Unfortunately two guitars had holes and none of them would hold air. I had to keep blowing them all up. Two pianos had ripped straps. I had to tape them together. Quality was poor, color was fadded and product was disappointing. We did not use them for our program.
I ordered the the ninja cupcake toppers, two boxes and instead got two boxes of eye droppers. Can't return and still don't have the ninja cupcake toppers for my daughter birthday party. Highly disappointed!!!
I purchased this for my 4 year old grandson for dress up purposes. There wasn't anything that I liked about this costume. The material was cheap felt and the fur was very poor quality. I was afraid that the fabric would rip putting the suit on for the first time, much less lasting for any amount of time. The hat wouldn't fit a newborn baby, but the gloves fit my adult, female hands. I would not recommend this product.
Just opened on x-mas. Looks rugged. It came with 2 batteries which I thought was a good choice rather than having to plug the charger into the car itself. HOWEVER, my remote control is missing a very important piece. The piece of metal that connects the 4 batteries. It would be a contact piece in the center of this picture.
I bought this toy for my 5 year old son for this year Christmas. We opened it, inserted the batteries inside the fire truck as well as the controller. Once on when my son tried to move it with the controller it only moved a little bit. It doesn't move backwards or left to right unless you nudge it. I feel like I wasted my money. I want a refund!
Wood cut with a dull saw blade wood is splintering from edge of gun
Its awesome when you receive a collectable item smushed!
I didn't get what I order the picture show me a camera that was mote control on a drone what they sent me was a still camera go camera
Not as described. Reminds me of a cheap fair toy you win. Very disappointed. Smaller than advertised as well.
New gear box lasted 10 min which is about 5 min longer than the original set that came with the car. Bought the car for my son for Christmas....lasted 5 min before it stopped working. Finally had the time to fix it and realized that it was the gear box I needed to replace. Ordered this new set....after taking the time to replace it on the car....my son took it out to play and within 10 min stripped the gears again. He was not using reverse to stop the car either. He was simply driving around the yard on grass and after a few hard turns you could hear the motor spinning and see the car go nowhere. As many have said....they need to upgrade these gear boxes to handle the power of the motor.
Looks like one from the dollar store. The bottles were empty. I think I received a defect one.
I knew this toy was used when purchasing BUT it clearly stated that it's 'like new' and had an inspection sticker on the package when received.. but it does not work! Extremely disappointed with the false advertisement but for the price I might as well just keep it for a NON talking stuffed toy. Future note to self: don't buy used items.
This company is really disgusting and I will never ever buy a thing from them! They are liars too am so upset with your bad service and very poor customer care!
I got this for my mom with dementia, but she has no interest in it. It doesn't come apart easy even when I pull on it very hard. it just twists from side to side with a very hard texture so not sure what anyone is supposed to do with this.
Received the drone & tried it a few days later only to find out that even after charging it, one of the rechargeable batteries didn't work.
Christmas gift for the kiddo, missing one of the screws to make it complete. Now we have to wait for a refund until you receive the returned item and then wait for a new item if we decide to re order. Disappointed
Never got my card and the seller does not even respond.
I will not order from this seller again. The first time I checked it said the package was lost then it said it was found. The package arrived 3 days after graduation even though I ordered it 4 weeks earlier. I have only been able to email them ( no personal person) and now they want me to send it back.
I knew that this cute stuffed animal was small, based upon pictures. What I didn't realize is that you have to pull the tail to start the vibration, and that it lasts for only 2 seconds! That's not soothing to have to constantly pull the tail. That is exercise, and it's disruptive. Poor description.
Cheap and overpriced. Can't get the toy to stay put together, constantly falls apart
This drone doesn't fly appropriate, I don't know why, i tried with flat trim , with calibration but the same, drone goes to left side. I can't return drone beacuse I'm out from usa.
Never arrived dont waste your time. I ordered it for a photo shoot seller didnt reply to my msg and my baby was left with out his crown i was.
It's been months and I'm still waiting for this product.
Was expecting what's pictured. $21 for one little jar with crap in it
I bought this for my four-year-old grandson. Within 15 to 20 minutes out of the box some of the pieces started to break. I wouldn't was your money on this!
Cars either not working or wheel covering bands fall apart. A scam.
I have never received this product
The box came really damaged. I got it for a gift and I am embarrassed to give it to him.
Item was open in the Amazon box when I got it little solar panel was not connected doesn't work
Ordered one building plate, arrived with cracks. Returned. Ordered two more, both had cracks worst then the first. This seems to be a seller just selling a pile of cracked rejects.
Some of the rings had holes in them and they Are Very difficult to blow up. Once u inflate them there's no back flow valve to keep the air in so by the time u inflate them and try to close the valve the air has leaked back out leaving a floppy half deflated ring. Not happy with the purchase. Going to contact to seller to see if I can return it.
When opened the pack, the scanner and other features didn't work. Very poorly made .
Package arrive messed up. Was a surprise but highly dissatisfied
I am a nanny and I bought these bubbles for summer time fun with the kiddos. They worked great the very first time we used them, but that was it. The handle falls off constantly, and it is impossible to get the ring out of the inflatable bubble tray. Its extremely frustrating for the kids, and unfortunately we are just giving up and throwing it away. Better luck next time!
Found this product very confusing. My son has autism but loves letters and reading. Thought he would be able to practice some sight words but the three sides and the fact that they only fit together one way is too much for him. I also didn't like the fact that he can spell a word on one side of the triangle and the other three sides are nonsense words. I'm a school teacher and I'd think any child would find these confusing. We purchased the recommended word cards to go with this and they were not helpful and in my opinion not worth the money.
It's a teeny tiny fire truck with a hose that doesn't stay hooked in it's essentially a squirt gun and a handheld tiny one at that I sent hours back because it wouldn't work and it looked like it was going to break the moment we used it.
They charged me twice: The first order was delivered to the wrong address and I didn't receive it... told them so they sent a replacement which was great! But then expected me to return the one I never got ... so charged me again. I wouldn't def not recommend this company
The box arrived with a dent in it. Since this is a gift the box has not been opened as of yet. I will say that the box is extremely heavy therefore it may be too heavy to ship in one box??
VERY Tiny not big enough for a small child to cuddle with.
I did not receive this order.
Do not waste your money. I had to return due to product being defective and cheaply made!!! The "parental steering control" that allows the front will to steer would click out of parental mode making it harder for parent to steer. The handle bar that allows you to push does not stay in place. It falls down so you are having to constantly keep lifting it.
What can I say? I wasnt expecting this to be a top notch type of Halloween Decoration set, but I also wasnt expecting it to be made of a super light weight plastic that looks like PAPER!! I SERIOUSLY doubt this set would make it thru a good, hard rain or a wind gust. It doesnt even have a designated place for the stakes to be inserted. The directions say to insert the stakes, but I guess that means to "create" a place to insert. This goes back TODAY!!!
Item was missing several things. Not all things that are in the description are included. Very disappointed
Wry upset discription included bonus projector that I did. It receive very upset
Jammed and fell apart. Sent it back after 10 minutes of use.
The handles break off very easily.
Soon after ordering this pillow I was contacted by the seller, saying it was not likely to arrive before Christmas because the inventory was found to be damaged. So I requested a refund as suggested by the seller. Despite all that I was still receiving confirmation from Amazon that the pillow was on its way. A pillow got delivered yesterday, but it was not this pillow - it was a large Marshall pillow. So now I still didn't get the pillow I ordered, and now have to return and await a refund for a pillow I didn't order 😡
sir I didn't receive the coin... It says in the tracking the coin was delivered last Friday in the box along with other product I ordered... However I received the knee support I ordered but the coin is missing
Very cheap. About half of them came broken with bible liquid everywhere.
Very poor quality multiple scratch marks. The C on the back has been partly torn off. Would not buy
The chain was defective
Not what is advertised!! No cord and NO RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES AT ALL!!
Didn't work. Pressed button and light wouldn't stay on. Donated it right when I got it.
The single flowers are useless. Very poor quality. Product doesn't match the photos. Leafs were very very thin, not what I was expecting at all.
Great idea, but way to juvenile
Ordered 2 of these trains and they sent the same exact color (orange). Also of the trains doesn't pull back. No returns.
I got this for my grandson at Christmas and by the end of December the spokes were broken and it was of no use. I didn't know how to report it.
Product did not have holes punched in correct location and was very difficult to put together as a result of that. Little tikes should do better!
Never arrived. Amazon had to refund me. I'm so disappointed, as is the six year old for whom this was intended.
I went to assemble the only part needed to make it “stand”, the pegs, and the base immediately fell apart. I tried the next board (there are 2) & was super gentle: fell apart & isn't worth your $20.
Complete crap. DO NOT BUY. Let the photo speak for itself. Multiple Thumb grips failed in the first week leaving me with stubs. Worst product ever. Buyer beware
It broke after a couple days...
98% of the time I order Funko Pops, they come damaged.
We never received the package and there isn't a spot on Amazon site to report this.
These are collectible figures and the value is directly proportional to the condition of the packaging. I love this item but since it arrived damaged and is now worthless I am giving it a 1 star review. Unfortunately I missed the return window.
My daughter is 18 months ame likes to help,around the house so I was excited for this. It's super cheaply made plastic, will probably bend or break easy. Disappointed with how cheap this design is.
So small. Totally not looking like as described. Not recommend it.
My 6 year old son bought this car with his birthday money, because an RC car has been on his want list for some time. Right from the start, we had problems putting the batteries in because the screw to the battery bay is apparently manufactured from butter, stripping even with a lightweight, handheld screw driver. When we finally managed to get batteries into the thing, my son played with it for about 4 minutes before, out of frustration, he just put it aside. My older sons tried to have fun with it and teach him how to properly drive it, but they, too, gave up. When I tried to use it myself, I found the controls very non-intuitive, especially if you've ever used an RC car before. The two thumbsticks operate more like a tank or a zero-radius riding lawn mower, except unlike RC tanks I've driven in the past, to turn, you have to remember to leave the opposite stick absolutely neutral, or the car does this jerky, motor-stepping spasm. On top of that, the tires, quite thin-walled and flimsy, keep coming off the rims. Meanwhile, the battery panel on the controller falls off frequently. We haven't even bothered to make the thing flip yet, as we can't even have fun just driving it around normally! Overall, a bad enough experience that I felt compelled to warn others to stay away. There's a reason this product is so inexpensive. It's poorly conceived, and poorly made. You'll be much better off dropping 10-20 bucks more on an RC car your kid will actually get some enjoyment out of.
This video game is a cartridge. It will not work if the tablet does not have a slot for games.
I received the wrong product. I did not receive this but instead a package of 5 toy mini dinosaur figures.
It didn't even come to my house.
The remote was broken coming out of the packaging, and the car inches forward very slowly and barely turns. It goes backwards completely fine, but that is unacceptable.
My fault. Apparently, I didn't read it correctly and didn't realize it was 7 pieces. Imagine my surprise when I opened the box. I didn't even know they sold anything like that. I am now going to the store to buy an actual LEGO set for a kid to build.
Packaging was terrible, bottle arrived looking like it had already been opened and half used. Not impressed.
I waited a month for this order, never received, they said it was lost en route, they still had toy, I could reorder and have to wait another month, or expedite delivery for a week delivery for an additional charge of $50 for a 21.99 toy! I will never order from this co. Again, am very disappointed with Amazon also and don't think I will be ordering from Amazon anymore
Just my luck all the pictures looked great and I end up with the one that has a f***ed up eye.
I never got the product.
The quality was poor and broke almost immediately. Had to send back. Disappointed.
Worked great for 3 months. Now it won't hold a charge. Disappointed I'll have to replace this battery after only using it a few months.
I ordered the lama. Sticker and received a phone cover. Returned it weeks ago and I'm still waiting for a credit.
This item is not stable enough for a 3 yr old. It plastic legs and arms brake very easily
I bought this for my 6 year old. It is very cute and well made. My child is tall/large for her size and wears child's clothing size 10/12 but this wig was humongous on her. It wouldn't stay in place despite our attempts to secure it. A total let down. I would say it's more of a teen size.
My item never arrived! It still simply says “on its way”
Given as a gift along side other rc related items. They did not install them until the return date had passed. They worked for a few days before going out. I am no rc expert, and can only relay the information the recipient has given me. I would not purchase these again as a gift.
HORRIBLE! The paint job on the catwoman I got was abysmal, there are scuff marks as well as purple smudges from the paint ALL over this product! Also, the glasses she is wearing a not on straight and noticeable crooked! For the price I really expected better quality than this!
Very upset I ordered gone with the wind after waiting months for it to be available and received a sound of music not happy at all very disappointed
Not a product review but a huge warning to parents. This item ships without a box. This was my sons big present and he saw it as soon as it arrived. :(
I only received one pack of 12, I paid for 2 packs.
The power tools stopped working within 4 months of opening. Not worth paying full price for something that doesn't even last a full year.
Very cheap broke after two days
10 months went by, but I have never received it yet. A Chinese seller, simply disappeared.
You left a keychain on a back porch that I don't have? I am not very happy about that. I paid for something someone else is. now obviously in possession of.
This set is a fake BeyBlade set. The quality is very poor. The plastic spinners were already permanently breaking within the first few spins after opening the box. Very disappointed!
Package arrived today. And product package has had top cut off and has been open. This is supposed to be a Christmas gift and it looks used.
Very small compared to others!
Phone doesn't work. Returning, of course.
I ordered this product back in July. Almost a month and still haven't received it. Not informed why the delay just that there was a delay. Supposed to receive it tomorrow. I will update more later.
Whoever delivered this package sent it to the wrong house. It took a while before my next door neighbor opened their door. But finally they opened and gave it to me. I would have never gotten my package if i didnt see this picture taken to where it was delivered.(Delivered today Dec 1, 2017)
Was sent the wrong product but charged the same. Very disappointing!
I thought it was great. It was nice but not the greatest. The pen somehow broke. We liked the color on how it writes and it's cute. But we would prefer using our old one from fisher price that we bought from garage sale for .50 it writes black but even thicker and clearer wouldn't trade for anything knew. Guess we would just give the brand new one to our neighbor.
I was hoping for a higher quality but the sunglasses were quite cheaply made and I'm unfortunately disappointed with this purchase despite other positive reviews
I recently purchased 2 of these batteries for use in a smaller electric RC aircraft. First battery wouldn't charge at all, a mid level charger with charge, discharge and storage features... wouldn't even start to charge this battery on several attempts. The second battery showed it took a charge fully, however, when placed in the aircraft it did not operate the motor or the ESC properly therefore was unusable. I then used one of my older different brand batteries and it worked flawlessly. I am contacting the company now to try and recover from this purchase. More to follow
Cheap. Lick is totally lame.
why put a picture of all of them when you get one....
Definitely resembled a rainbow trout. Too bad it died after one encounter with the bathtub. My little one was pretty disappointed.
I did not revive my doll yet.
Packaging came totally destroyed and unable to return. Rather pay more for undamaged product.
It arrived broke , it was slashed towards the bottom. Do not buy.
Not at all these colors as shown. All mine arrived dark purple & a weird blue
Received an empty envelope with no stickers
This toy will start wiggling even from the toy box when no one is playing with it. This can be scary for a toddler especially in the middle of the night.
Picture and title very deceiving very little magnets ton of stuff you dont need.
Bought for a balloon release for my dad and grandpa on father's day. Very heavy material which I thought would mean they were durable, but actually it's just too heavy to float. We checked the helium we bought separately on a standard latex balloon and it flew fine so it was definitely these balloons unfortunately. We had to break a seal in order to inflate them at all, idk if that's standard but seemed strange to me. Return started.
Waste of money. They do not stick. Was out of town , too late to return.
I ordered this cube 6 months ago and IT STILL NEVER CAME Icant refund because i waited too long because i actually thought that it was coming!!!! Would rate 0 if i could
Do not order! This is not what I received. I received a totally different brand and different labels. What came is the exact same brand they carry at dollar tree for a DOLLAR and the materiel is so flimsy they are almost impossible to removed from the paper and half of them rip when doing so. They are not the look I wanted at all. Very disappointed!
Ordered for our grandson who is 10 years old, open box and assembled the pieces unfolded the play board and folding seam actually cracked Poorly made, called the 800 number on the back no answer. DO NOT BUY!!
Very small ....disappointed check very good the size before ordering ... Isn't returnable.
This was the most cheaply made article of clothing I have ever received from an Amazon distributor. There were multiple tears along the seams...holes before we even tried it on. Beware of this one. Oh, and it is super short. If you do buy this and it comes without holes, be prepared to wear leggings underneath.
All of the balloons inflated except the number one. Very disappointed, as it was too late for me to go out and buy another one.
The keys are too sensitive. Every time you press one key it produce two sounds just like its echoing.
Not funny when its a human male voice. Thought it would be the Minions voice. Very Disappointed
Terrible completely in operable and not available for return Stop don't even consider buying it!
The worst seller EVER!!! The item didn't even shipped or delivered! They stole my money and ripped me off! Now I'm pissed off!
Company delivers a purple and pink stroller. Very disappointing. Returning immediately.
Very flimsy product. Shows up very lightly where you draw and doesn't completely erase. Well at least the one we received.
People who have said these are indestructible must have gotten lucky. I've got more than a dozen for my son. At least 4 have been broken right out of box and a few more soon after. Always the front post. For those this happens to here is a tip. Use zip ties to repair. I've tried gluing which works for awhile but breaks again. Depending on where the break is will determine how easy it is to repair. Also if break isn't clean then you have to drill and shape to get a clean surface to glue. After repairing Son of a Digger several times and getting Grave Digger broken out of box am using g zip ties now which semesters solution
Terrible. Cheaply made toy. The crocodile mouth will not stay open to even play. Returning.
The product is sticky.
Very cute toy that fits in the palm of your hand. I was looking for something my child could snuggle with. This is barely bigger than a beanie baby. WITH the ears it's 6 inches but realistically it's 5.5 inches. Either way it is not the 8 inch toy I thought I bought.
never came it said it did but didn't
This truck was ordered as a gift. It was opened and parent was present and truck broke within 10 minutes. It was returned and took a few weeks for return to be done. Another was ordered with the same results. Child now is ordering parts to fix it. So this has not been a good experience. The truck is a failure as he has to pay for more parts and never even was able to use it!!! Parts take a long time to get. You are asking for review of the second truck witch was as bad as the first. My grandson had to order new parts for his truck as it fell apart. He has ordered metal parts. The truck itself is ok but not the RC part as the gears don't work!!! If I could give less than 1star I would.
They don't spin very easily
total waste of money. doesn't hold it's shape. doesn't provide soothing repetitive motion
I thought it would be a bit bigger and spray out more water based on the other reviews. It was cute, but only worked for two baths.
You get what you pay for . Sent it back .
Our first order arrived with broken toys. We immediately asked for a replacement, which came immediately. But, this toy just is not made well. I have had other products like this and they were quite entertaining. This product would not stay standing while on my arm at all. It just collapsed over and was no fun whatsoever. It also felt rough on my skin. I ended up returning the replacement also.
Just opened this. Was NOT packaged properly and arrived broken! So not happy.
My 4 year old opened up a toy that didn't work on Christmas. Was very much looking forward to seeing him get into this new toy. Was not fun for him or I to watch his kid brother play with a new electronic while his was useless. Very upsetting.
This wig is for a child. It saddens me that such shitty quality would go into a potential cancer victim's sense of self worth. This wig was butchered. Uneven and so short in the back it wouldn't even cover my daughter's whole head. The quality and wig itself are not even costume quality. It makes me upset that this crap is even sold like this. Don't buy!
This whole slipper clutch is horrible. I put it on my slash 4x4 and runs horrible. It's too tight. Even after when I wd40 it and grease it. Not purchasing this again
Did not work. Had to return.
Bought one for my son. Front tire snapped after the first ten minutes he played with it. Sent for a refund. In the meantime ordered one more as a replacement. This one the back wheel snapped right away as well. Poor design.
This product did not arrive. I was sent something else and had to send it back
Came with a tear in the top of it's head.
This doll house is cute from the outside but I was disappointed when I opened it up. It is not made of sturdy stiff plastic so the floors in the second story of the house are warped. The inside details such as the rugs, are all made of cardboard, not stickers and were all unglued when I got it. The outside play mat that it comes with is paper. This was to be a Christmas gift to my granddaughter and now I am looking to buy something else because this is not what I thought I was buying. I would not suggest this to anyone to buy.
Typical wham-o product - absolute crap. The "water fall" side didn't even get above the holes. All it did was flood with water. Don't even bother - grab a tarp because then at least you could reuse it.
Item never even arrived. Disappointing service.
Shipping is so bad. The sent to the wrong address. I never have a chance to review the product. I leave in PA but I sent it to AZ lol...by the way they refund my money.
Half of the rings did not turn on and then half of the ones that worked were very dim. It was the biggest waste of money.
This is NOT LEGO BRAND PRODUCT! My son ordered the Deadpool mini figure and was so disappointed when this cheap knock-off arrived! The mini figure head falls off, accessories don't fit. Very disappointing product! Next time he will read the fine print and make sure he is buying an actual LEGO brand product. Seller issued a full refund and sent a replacement.
Package came messed up it was so small definitely not what I was expecting and came with barley anything . Would never buy this product again .
Joystick does not work!!!! Waste of money
Very very cheap quality, not hand carved as Described. I can see why he manufacturer stopped producing this.
at least one of the hand boiler toys has dead bugs floating in the liquid, did not open yet the other two I bought
If I could do less than one star I would. This is deceiving and the add makes you think you are going to receive a booster pack of 10 packs. Nope just one. I can get that at the store for half the price. Very disappointed. Never again will I buy from this seller. Waste of money! Don't buy from them!!!
It is too small and the quality is really bad . The pen light is not working.
Found the exact same thing for a quarter of what I paid here, not counting the shipping and handling that took forever to get to me. Total rip off.
I never received this I only got an empty package!
Thought this would be a really good mat for my 5 month old but it lasted a week and the air leaks out. Had to throw it away.
This hat is adorable but huge. I am unable to wear it and unable to return it.
THIS IS NOT SUITABLE FOR YOUNG CHILDREN....THE EYES ARE BLACK HUNKS OF PLASTIC THAT CAN BE A HAZARD
first, there are very poor quality in general. for the discounted price i paid, i maybe could have dealt with that, but the fact that the target gun registers a hit no matter where you are aiming - even if you are pointing in the opposite direction - makes them completely pointless as a target game. i advise you look elsewhere if you actually want to play laser tag. we returned our set for a refund.
You could get this as the Dollar Store... for a buck. Not worth the price.
This is a really fun game. But when it came in, the box turned out damaged. There was no kind of protection in my box.
This tent is said to come with a flash light but when I got mine, there was no flash light. And the stars don't glow in the dark at all. Plz don't claim things that aren't true about your product.
While filling the controller balloon the balloon tore from the seam. Never got to use doesn't hold helium.
I ordered these on the 17th of July and it's now September 1st and I still have not received them. They where part of my daughters birthday gift. On August 1st. Waiting on the seller to contact me back. Amazing says that it's probably been delivered.
If I could give this no stars I would. Arrived fast but was strap at top was broken. As in tied even though it was broken, meaning someone knew it was broke and shipped it anyhow! The bars in the back are bent and stroller won't close!!
I received my package today only get a sealed empty envelope, so I paid for something that I didn't receive.
As cool as these are they are cheap. The first one I took out of the bag to put on my son's hand fell apart as soon as i took it out of the plastic. I thought maybe it was just that one so I still place them in the party bags...how embarrassing this was when they fell apart in the guess hands. The unfortunate thing is i bought 2 sets which totaled 24 and only 5 didn't fall apart.
These worked for less than a week and most of them stopped squirting. Only 2 of 10 currently work.
Broke in less than 2 months. Too expensive to be such junk!
Poor condition of the box wasn't even wrapped.
CHEAPLY MADE & OVERPRICED!
Motor blew and caught on fire on first use.
Handles already broke. Very poor quality.
I got this because my daughter asked for clear slime. Yes it says putty but it also says slime. False advertisement. This putty is very hard.
Although the terrarium was cute, the seeds never grew.
Axles were aluminum or a non magnetic metal. Illegal for pinewood derby. Should not be marketed to Scouts.
Looked like they had been used instead of brand new. One even had dead batteries in it. The other didn't have any batteries which leads me to believe that they were indeed used.
Popped 15 minutes after being filled up. Huuuuge hole in it. Definitely do not recommend.
The multi color is not as described. No elastic arm or finger holes. Just two strings that tie around the neck. Horrible design for a child, total hazard. I returned.
We were missing some cards upon opening, super bummer because it was a birthday gift
Only work for 3 days, battery is not charging, did replace battery, problem is still there, don't buy this peace of shit
This thing looked used. The box was damaged, bunny was dirty.
Only were these one night and it didn't make it the whole night. One glove went out. Something went wrong with the wiring. I press the button button it shuts of on it's own a few seconds later.
DO NOT BUY. Terrible product. After one use one of the buds no longer charges and the battery life on it is terrible. Total piece of junk!
I never received the package even though it says it was delivered.
This was the worst balloon purchase ever. I got them blown up for a baby shower, there were no holes in any of them and the helium didn't last an hour, they started deflating before i got to the baby shower to set up.
When you are trying to spice things up in the bedroom; this game is INCREDIBLY complicated! The rules go on and on and on! They are hard to follow and honestly didn't make sense. All in all, this game was a mood killer.
All this thing does is run around and sing three rap songs. It isn't educational, and is really stupid!
I didnt get this item
Hello, Regina don't receive the packpack. Can you checks this?
I'd give it 0 stars if I could. Arrived well past expected date - by WEEKS- too late for my daughter's birthday. Popped almost immediately. Save yourself the hassle - don't waste your money.
Item was NOT new. Came in open beat up box and had corroded batteries inside. Replaced the batteries & it's officially broken to boot. DO NOT ORDER from this seller.
Item arrived broken.
Smaller than expected
This isn't the real twister. It's super cheaply made, and has weird extra moves
The extra propellers I recently purchased are too small. I need a refund Please.
The pictures I provided show the condition that I received this Pop in. Smashed and Ripped! This was a gift for my nephew. The Pop packaging is part of the product, especially for those who collect Pops that keep them in their original packaging.
I was hoping for an amazing squishy, but had little rips, smelled strongly of chemicals, very small, printing was off. I am disappointed by this squishy and want a refund. I bought it because the review video looked nicer than what I got.
Photo shows black with suits pattern. I had chosen this one because it matched two I already had. What I received was bright blue with a different design and no where in the description did it mention that what would be sent was different than what was shown. Too costly to return, so I guess I'm stuck with them.
Was super jazzed to use this as a pool float but it wouldnt hold air for more than 30 seconds. RIP inflatable llama!
How dumb!!!! The package I received had birthday spelled wrong. They sent me a P instead of R.
Fake and dumb, don't buy.
You only get one not the whole set. The picture is very misleading. My daughter was totally disappointed.
There is no reason to buy these. And, once you receive them, and realize that the description was completely incorrect and misleading, you will discover they are not eligible for return! Dont buy!
One: why is this called magnetic? Bc clearly it's not. There is no resistance when you turn the cube. It rotates like some of cheaper ones I got before. Two: price != value; I originally thought that paying 20 bucks would filter out the crappy ones. Clearly I was wrong.
Broke after first use.
The piñata came in. When I opened the box, I immediately noticed the holes on each corner of the piñata. This is due to the top of the piñata being bent. Id like a full refund or exchange for a new piñata. Thank you.
My 2 year olds face went from beaming with excitement to crying her eyes out when she realized we were missing lots of parts for assembly.
Did not come in retail packaging. Came in very small plastic wrap. Not what was advertised.
Not worth buying this. Toys are horrible you buy so many nice gadgets, video games etc. Dont waste money on this toy.
Had this brand for 15 years and it was solid but screws finally started to rust so I replaced it with same brand in hopes of being the same quality. IT WAS NOT!!! After putting together, first throw into the hoop with the ball that was included bent the rim! Every throw after that you have to bend the rim up into place and the paint has already chipped off the rim from constantly bending it into place. Have contacted the manufacturer. Want to send it back. NOT WORTH THE MONEY and it was one of the more expensive out there. And it comes with plain white net NOT the red white and blue shown in picture.
I never received this item!
My shipment was short one stamp.
The main motor doesn't even work. Not worth to buy at all!
Too flimsy , difficult to attach, no instructions. Not worth it.
This is not a Noble Collection wand, it is a complete knock off. Does not come in the box with the ribbon like the pictures shown, it does not come with the Noble Collection proof of authenticity. Make sure the seller is noble collection. Not the other guy who is selling it for $3 less.
Product was made very cheaply made. Came in broken. The white keys never worked. Returned to Amazon for a refund. Needless to say, my kid was very disappointed on Christmas morning.
This is a cute camera that was purchased for my son as a birthday gift. He had a lot of fun with it initially but now after only a few weeks the camera won't turn on even though it is charged. It will turn on if it is plugged in but as soon as the power is disconnected it stops working. Total waste of money.
Bought this for my kids age 6 months and 2 years it came and when my husband and I put it up the house was so bent up it's annoying I want to return this!
Inflated the first lounge and deflated immediately after inspection there was an unsealed seam unable to use patch due to placement of defect. Also these were to be a blue and silver float both were silver.
This shows that its a unicorn and it was a ballerina inside and that's not what I ordered
Not as big as it says 15" it is actually 5" tall
Missing the basketball.
My three year old broke these within 10 minutes of having them. Pulled them right apart and the seals came out and they were useless. I wouldn't be so disappointed if they were only a dollar or two, but $10 is definitely overpriced. He didn't even get to use these in the water before they broke.
It didn't work, at all!
This came damaged and they won't honor r a refund. Big crack and dent in the case. It came fully wrapped safely in bubble wrap so it was obviously damaged before it was shipped.
I ordered this product for my son, and he always heard that this product has some great reviews. When it arrived, he opened it and found that every single pack has been tampered with. It didn't come with the ex it promised, and there was only two reverse holos in the entire box. Please whatever you do, don't buy it.
definitely not worth the money
NEVER RECEIVED ORDER
This a fake beyblade, sent in awful condition.
Returned as it was too small
It was a waste of money. I thought for 7 bucks you get 16 lego guys. No, you get one. In a huge box. I am moving away from buying legos and buying other brands that are not ridiculously priced and misleading.
Ours came without one of the slide pieces needed to create the long and tubular slides. Instead it had two of the exact same slide pieces that don't click together making it impossible to create most of the structures.
A beautiful book but the paper is terrible.
It looked grt, excited to use it but the metal pieces didn't stand up straight and when firmly trying to push them straighter the string broke! Can I get a new non defective one or my money back?
I wouldnt even give this one star. It arrived in a nice case and presents as good quality. However it doesnt make a sound. Pointless.
They become rusty after having in mouth for a few minutes and saliva stays in mouth piece. Not worth it
tunnel bag arrived with boot print on it that wont wipe off and stitching came open at end within a week and wire is poking out
Fortunately, the mat comes with a repair patch. Unfortunately, the patch was not large enough to cover the large hole in the mat right out of the package.
I bought this for my Captain Spaulding costume and it is big and ridiculous!
Not the best. The tip got pushed in after 1 use and it looked dried out on the first try.
The pen sucks my 1 yr old boy can figure out how to open it. The mat is a mess and colors. Are not defined if u try to draw or write on it. I would not recommend and i am disappointed
Product looked old n dingy... 2 pebbles were cracked in pieces I really was looking fed to showing my kids how to play this game but it was not good because some of the pebbles were cracked n game is better played with marbles then the pebbles
Wasn't what I expected
I bought these for my daughter and half of them were broken. The cards are cute but the emojis fall off of the clip very easily.
You could see straight through the screen. Had to return.
Be aware that this piece of $20 plastic does not actually come with free larvae. One you get your piece of plastic you get a voucher to order “free” larvae that you have to pay $8 to have shipped to you. Not impressed!
I bought this for my daughter's first birthday and the music on both ears stopped working after 2 weeks!
The product does not work, is of low quality and is not as described on the web.
It says Deluxe, but it is cheaply made. For such a cheap costume, I would rather go to local Walmart, which has the tie with the robe and is better priced.
Very poorly made. key/lock are VERY cheaply made.
This arrived in a plastic bag! No box! Looks used and no instructions! Can't use it as a gift!
These scissors did not cut any type of paper. They just bent the paper and frustrated my toddler. I don't recommend them at all
I had high hopes but of course was let down. The board came damaged. Thanks for nothing. Don't know why you'd even send a product that is not in its original shape???
We could not figure out how to hang these. Put them together way ahead of time so you have time to figure it out!
It came in fast and the shipping box was in mint condition but for the product I ordered that's a different story. When ordering I was hoping for by ordering something new the packaging would be in great or even better mint condition for being a collector of sorts but it looks like it took an old school WWF Attitude era beat down, very disappointed. The figure it's self looks excellent and in good condition, in the end I'd rather been told upfront that it was in a damaged package and it was at least $6 less than what I payed.
Owned this item for a couple year now. Cute novelty gift, but very poorly designed/executed. The batteries are very difficult to install. Display blanks out some numbers about once a week, usually clears up after you cycle through modes. Overall - Meh.
This particular Pop! is of lower quality, which explains why it was an "add-on". You can see the glue at the back of Benny's head, and the paint job on his face is less than stellar. Just goes to show, you get what you pay for. I will not be buying something as an "add-on" again.
This is a beautiful and challenging puzzle. Sadly, when we got just two pieces away from completing it, we discovered that two pieces were missing. Two other pieces were duplicates. Reading the reviews, I discovered that this seems to be a problem with this puzzle. I returned it for a full refund. It is very frustrating to spend hours on a puzzle and not be able to complete it. Also, the pieces are not interlocking, so assembled pieces come apart easily. A shame since this is one of the most beautiful designs of a puzzle we have seen.
The product picture is of three discs but only one arrives. SO FRUSTRATING!
This item had lots of positive reviews but I didn't have a very good experience with it. We had 20+ 10-11 year old boys to play capture the flag for a birthday party. One orb kept stopped working which was basically a game stopper. The wristbands don't stay on and would frequently break. I spend so much time dealing with the wristbands that don't work well and unsnap easily then break. The markers also didn't all work correctly and took about 20+ minutes to get some to work. This has good potential but the quality of the products is low. After spending $90 for the main kit and expansion I was quite disapppointed
Fishing rod came damaged
Never received the product but was issue a refund. Hence the two stars.
The boys had a great time laughing like a pack of hyenas for about 10 minutes - that's how long it took for them to come apart. They tried & so did I to get them back together but couldn't do it.
Shipping was horrible. This box was shipped in a bubble envelope and was absolutely smashed. What were they thinking?
It is huge and the bill is grey. Did not receive what was pictured.
Loved the Jeep but the steering control broke really quick. I emailed the vendor a few weeks ago and still haven't heard anything back.
When the hell did they reverse the order of the pieces? 1 used to be the best now 10 is?? I'm still not used to it!!
Broken on arrival. Fairy will not turn on at all, I replaced batteries and everything. Looking at the negative reviews, it looks like its been happening to others as well. Never fun to have to take a toy back after giving it to your little one :( Added one star because it looks fun it it would turn on!
The screen was torn we had to tape it didn't look new
Much SMALLER than expected.
Nice tube for someone who is not allergic to the tube material.
I was expecting the banners to be bigger. I went to return the item and the seller wanted me to pay for the shipping which was just about the amount of the plate set. I asked them if they would send me a shipping label so I wouldn't come out of pocket and they could have there product back and they refused.
For the price that I paid, the shipping was absolutely terrible. My amazon box did not come in damaged, yet there was a huge crease at the bottom of the box? If there were more creases I would have given this 1 star, be thankful that I'm nice enough to give 2 stars for my review.
The product was little and with chipped paint
A little disappointed with these stamps. They don't saturate the paper well. I had to add a little water to them to make the character appear
The pins were really sharp. They should file down the pins.
Beautiful puzzle but one of the pieces was a duplicate and the actual final piece was missing so it could not be fully completed.
it's good but the quality of the straps is bad
2 of the cars were broken out of the box did not go when you pulled back
Not enough cards, run through them pretty fast and then its over.
Misshapen badly and its filled with hardly any large pieces of confetti. When it claims to be filled with lots of glitter.
These fangs look great but the glue instructions are not in English. I've tried youtube and google- anyone have any instructions on how to apply these? I also played with the glue to powder ratio with no success. Any help would be great- i have a Halloween party coming up! :o)
I bought them for my 13-year old son. Within minutes, he already had a hole in one of them. After that, I explained to him that he cannot stretch the balls as much as he might like. Another weird thing about them is that they are a bit sticky so when my son tried to bounce it on the floor (it really does not bounce) it picked up all the cat hair and dirt on the floor.
Box was damaged not good packing
These do NOT work for standard spring-loaded Nerf clips. They are simply too small and pop right out. However, they work great for clip-less Nerf guns. DO NOT buy if you plan on using them in clips!!!
Bought these for a surprise 13 birthday party but I got the surprise when only 4 of 12 lit up. They were bigger than I expected though
Box came in horrible condition! Will have to return and buy another from a different seller.
This is the second puzzle I have ordered from Vermont Christmas Company and both have been missing one piece. What a disappointment! You work so long to finish the puzzle and it is incomplete.
Great concept, but unreasonably cheap construction. The arms broke off of two of the figures as soon as my son got them out of the box.
Fun for like 2 seconds, but the batteries die QUICK and then we had issues, called their customer service and they were rude and unhelpful. Had to return and getting a new one, probably a different brand because they're a hassle to deal with
Huge gash opened in slide on third use
Tiny. The pieces were so small, I didn't even start it. I just sent it right back.
Super cheap and the brissels keep falling off
I can't say that this product is worth the price. They do not last long and this was my second set. The first ones I purchase broke almost immediately ..at least in time to be able to replace them. Now shortly after receiving the second set they too have broken. But when I checked to get them replaced the return date has passed. I am not happy with this item at all. On the up side my Grandsons LOVED them while they were working. Too bad they broke so quickly
When it flips over nine out of ten flips do not function pup falls to its side. This one I received does not bark or make any sound as advertised
This product can barely work on the lawn. It can move over the smallest of bumps. It works only on smooth surfaces
I thought the dolls and clothing would be a hard plastic.
Our grandson loved this but it broke after 20 minutes of playing. The plastic part on top can loose and leg fell off.
I only received one Thomas coloring book, with only two sticker sheets for a total of maybe 30 stickers (only 15 unique ones, the two sheets were identical). Instead of the other Thomas book and stickers I was sent a random Daniel Tiger coloring book and Daniel Tiger story book, which is not what I ordered.
Do not have good pins that lock in place.
I was pretty disappointed. I paid almost $40 for 2 of these and they are super small in size. The screen is extremely tiny. Cheaply made. Not too happy as these were xmas gifts.
Can't use it outdoors at all due to sun interfering with infrared control. Seemed hard to control indoors due to lack of stability -- took a lot of focus to just keep it steady in the air and then make it fly directionally without hitting walls, ceiling, furniture. Ran out of battery charge in about 10-15 mins, and charging isn't very fast. Having said all that, my boys (ages 6 and 4) were still having fun with it. Until it wouldn't work any more. At first the remote worked only intermittently. Then one of the rotors stopped rotating entirely. Had to send it back for refund.
Very poorly made didn't even have it for a week and it cracked and ripped i mean when it arrived a little bit of it was already ripping. Not slow rising at all it pops back much quicker then expected.
My kids love the package becoz they are JoJo fans.. IT IS STICKY AND MESSY..FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS 3 TIMES SAME RESULT..WORST SLIME EVER..
Arrived broken. Tried to fix the chair. Not at all happy.
The table is made of poor quality materials and items easily break on it. Also, I did not think this through. Where do I put the top part of the table when the kiddos want to play pool?
These bookends are super cute and LOOK great, but they are NOT functional for kids! They only hold books up if they are tightly against the books, but it is VERY difficult to get the books to fit in there and they get pushed over very easily. It's too much of a hassle to return, so I'm keeping them, but they are more of shelf decorations and are not functional.
Sizing seems off, although my son can wear a youth large in everything else, this was WAY too small for him.
The brushed motor version of this frame is great. For some reason on the new brushless version, they got rid of the battery holder, and came up with this terrible rubber band idea. The frame arrived all warped to begin with. I heated it up with a heat gun and set a book on top to make it flat again. It worked, but as soon as you put a rubber band on, it will warp the frame again. Also, the little hooks that hold the rubber bands are worthless and pop off mid flight anyway. I ended up putting the rubber bands completely over the top of the canopy instead. It is better, but still not good. The only reason this got two stars instead of one is because the 3 blade props seem to perform better than the 4 blade props that came on my BetaFPV 65 pro.
I would love to give this train a 5 Star. My grandson absolutely loved it. I've bought because of that and both have broken. I should get a free train!
Pretty disappointing
When I ordered this mini, it was delivered in a bubble wrap envelope and it was clear the blister pack had been crushed in transit. The mini was broken. I returned the item, ordered a replacement, and the replacement showed up, also delivered in a bubble wrap envelope, in worse condition than the first. I've already spent more time dealing with this than it would've taken to go to a hobby store and just buy a similar item in person.
the one they sent me was too plain compared to he one in the picture.
Cannot see Out of mask, probably trip with such a small viewing holes
The clothing is stitched poorly and the material started to unravel. My rating is generous one.
Balls seem like ok but you actually only get 150 balls in the bag not 200.
This mini RC truck plays just like the larger scale trucks. I was a little worried about the speed but I have to say for the size it is plenty. This truck is fun for kids or adults and is surprisingly tough. The fun lasted for about a day. After a few charges it doesn't seem to work. It will charge, show full charged and that is where the good news stops. The truck takes off full throttle without the controller being pressed in reverse and then when I press the throttle it stops. The manufacturer seemed willing to swap for a replacement but looking at the costs associated with having to ship it back to the manufacturer for repair/ replacement just wasn't worth it as I was too busy to get to the PO. I didn't find it fruitful to spend the cost of a new product to ship this back. At this point it is a paper weight in my garage. The electronics in this truck seem to be junk but on a positive it does look cool. Lesson learned, same money and buy better. Seems the build quality is either hit or miss based on the reviews.
Broke within 10 minutes of play.
Very poorly made. Came apart within a few minutes of opening. Pieces are loose and could be hazardous, especially since small pieces break off. Would like to be refunded!
The top was cracked and the basket a little bent. Ok if you want something that looks like the picture and isn't too expensive
Paid extra for the mat and did not receive it. I set up teepee following directions and used the kit the make it sturdier and it still collapses easily.
I bought this as a gift for a 5 yr old. When it arrived I was surprised to see how tiny and cheap the toy actually looked. I could not gift that tiny plastic of a car and marched to Walmart. I'm giving it an extra star as they allowed me to return it.
Just got these filled for my daughter's birthday party tomorrow. The bag arrived taped shut, as if it had been opened previously. Didn't think anything of it until I got them filled and discovered the rainbow balloon was broken. That's disappointing.
It worked fine for about 5 days even though it is a bit heavy when completely full. The problem was it was difficult to get the cap to seal and then it just wouldn't seal at all anymore.
Instead of polka dot balls, I received two with stripes. And one had a huge slash through the center of the package.
The loops won't stay together or stay upright. My son got extremely frustrated with it. The one time it did work with us holding up the loops so the car went all the way through he was so excited.
Broke on second use.
On the box it says "Hard to break!" Maybe by a child, put they were packaged so poorly, the red and yellow crayons were already broken. This is for a 4-year old, to whom red and yellow are his favorite colors and "broken" is a bad word. I'll have to sharpen them and keep them at my house and give the unbroken box to him.
Bought it thinking 25 marvel and 25 dc turns out it was 15 marvel 10 dc and the rest from unknown random publishers either way mine came in good condition just wish it was more marvel and dc instead of a random majority
cheaply made product
I had to give this item two stars because the toy we were sent was defective. The tower and the base were not connected and the piece that allows them to click together was too short making it impossible to attach them. Amazon will be sending me a new one, and hopefully my 1-year-old will enjoy it more without it coming apart every time he knocks it down.
This is cute but I gave it to my 9 year-old niece and as soon as she took it out of the gift bag and squished it all the sprinkles started all coming off everywhere and then the whole layer started coming off. Disappointing!
It was very small and the quality of it was pretty cheap
My son loved it for the first 3 days them an arm fell off then. A leg and so on!
Only the wheel moves. No head or tail movements.
Paint is a little lacking, and the legs are not level, but the for the price eh.
Not the same colors as Picture shows :(
Even though the product is in good condition, the box is dirty, has some dents and the sticker is ripped. As I can see this was opened and not new. So disappointing.
All of my son's slime turned HARD and had water on the bottem!!! The charms, glitter and foam beads where cute tho...
We thought this would be a hit but all it does is make a really big mess. Reminds me of the gel that is created when your baby wets his diaper and it get torn open. Thats exactly what it is.
We bought this for my nephew for a Christmas gift and it was a hit the first day but I guess broke like within the first week which was really disappointing
Toys are extremely poor quality and are rigid to transform. I wouldn't recommend or purchase again.
Could not find any way to purchase the accompanying DVD that was advertised. Child was not impressed.
Hulk in the photo and in my hands is different. The face and body are not the same, the pants are of a different color, purple.
It isn't great quality,it didn't come with a proper screw for the center two broke the plastic isn't sturdy ,I need someone to fix mine the face is like falling off
My kid was squeezing it and it somehow developed a hole in it and the little balls were popping out of it.
I bought 6 of these. None of them shoot right, they fire all the rubber bands at once. ( yes I know how to load them. )
These would be ok for an older child, but the lenses and eye pieces come apart and my 3 year old keeps losing them.
cord needs to be longer. not a great mike - have to almost eat it to get volume.
Not as simple to use as expected
Maybe mine was a defect. The eyes rolled around but they would not pop out from the eye-sockets like it showed on line and on the box.
Cheaply made. Not at all what I expected......
Some of this little buddies were coming apart, since this was a global shipment I didn't think of returning them back, they were used as expected after fixing them
Missing the mirror and blush.. disappointed
Very cute costume but Way too big, not true to size
Not pleased thought it was alot better quality
It locked up and fell apart
Product was awesome and as described. Unfortunately the packaging was lame. This was a Santa gift but it arrived not in a box. My daughter came home to it sitting on the porch without packaging. So I had to give it to someone else instead of her. Thanks Amazon.
The bladder is great but the sizing on the bra itself is horrid. I was busting out of literally every side of the large which should have fit based on the sizing chart. Ended up purchasing a nursing sports bra in a larger size (since it has the little pouch to support the bladder separately) and just using the bladder. Works great but I'd have really preferred to not end up with a teeny tiny $20 extra sports bra that I didn't need. Offer larger sizes or sell the bladder separately.
I was excited about tgis great deal until i opened my package. All of the items were NOT included. I was missing the balloons, photo banner, and the happy birthday banner....Needed these items for a party tomorrow....Now i wont have them..it sucks
Hard to use. Not easy to set up
Looks great and feels sturdy but the beys wouldn't dislodge from the launcher most of the time
I am only giving 2 stars because when returning my order is was a hassle. I had to track the order and then email them for 3 days to get it resolved. They also kept the amount of one total 6 pack of noodles to cover shipping and handling.. mind u these don't weight very much. I was planning on order through Honor Trading again because we needed 4 inch ones, but not anymore.
Dissatisfied with product. Was not as expected. Expected larger product.
It doesn't spray as high as it shows in the picture. Only sprays about two and a half feet high. The kids had fun in it anyway.
Lots of imperfections. The batch I received almost seemed like they were the rejects. The dice dots are sloppy looking and some are not completely painted.
The design of the product is very nice. But my big sign is wavy:( and not flat. I think it is wavy because how it was in the main envelope. I can not find a way to contact the seller direct to see if they can send me a new sign. The page says 100 percent satisfaction but no customer service email or number.
Cute, but smells awful. Very strong scent.
Very cool set however the limbs on both creatures fall off constantly my very imaginative and active five year old loves playing with his new creatures but they are always falling apart so that's very aggravating for him.
Loved this as a child and I was excited to introduce it to my son. Unfortunately, when you press down the answer is so faint. Very hard to see...we are so disappointed.
I ordered this for my 3 yr old daughter who has been crying for this dress for a while. Only after 1 day of wearing the dress the bottom hem starts to unravel. The dress has went down hill from there...I couldn't stop the run in the fabric and it kept running to the point that there is a huge hole in the back...the only real durability is the zipper. I would have rated it bigger but the dress didn't even last a day. That's $18 in the trash.
The stitching is coming out on the skirt
The shoes seem to be well made and are vibrant and fun... But they had the most HORRIBLE, AWFUL, DISGUSTING smell.. I mean, they smelled up the entire room that they were in.. I am not exaggerating.. It is absolutely gross.. Almost not worth the purchase, not kidding.. I am actually scared about how badly they will make their feet smell after wearing them.. 🤢
These were much smaller than I wanted or anticipated. They are like miniatures for two year olds...not like play dishes...I just do not care for these at all.
I am not satisfied when the product came one of the suction cup was not attached.
The product works as it's supposed to, but only 3/4 of what I ordered showed up intact.
2 stars because they are cute and fuzzy. Aside from that everything is wrong with these. The mechanics are cheaply made and the sound of the motor moving the wings and mouth is as loud as the sound effects from the creature. The mouth will continue moving long after the sound is done playing, also only one sound is made so that tires quickly. These are really overpriced. Not a fan.
Works as expected. My son likes the light toys with music.
UPDATE 12/28 (after Christmas): this cab of the truck has come unglued from the base. How disappointing for such a simple toy to have a defect! The toddler isn't phased by it (the wheels create pressure/tension against the truck cab so it will stay in place if you push it back onto the base), but I am upset that I paid what I did when there are plenty of similar toys on the market in this price point or cheaper. Won't be buying from this company again! Previous review: Adorable and Educational. Great little garbage truck for toddlers! I am nanny to a 2yr old who is obsessed with all things CAR or TRUCK. Out local library has one of these that he can't stay away from every time we go there, so I had to get him one of his own. The back end opens and lifts the little box of trash, so it's a great toy for practicing dexterity and basic physics. It's also a great toy to help him notice the garbage trucks around the city when we take walks - he's so excited to play with his garbage truck every day.
I am only giving this two stars because the few days it did work my son was in love with this fingerling. Even in public, people admired it. After a few days of operation it died and replacing batteries did not bring it back. As many other reviewers stated, this toy will die completely after a few days and it can't be fixed with batteries. I would love to get it replaced like I saw someone else did on May 22, 2018, but I do not see this option available in Amazon, only refund.
The launcher broke in one day. Returned for a refund and reordered in case it was a fluke. But not very impressed with it.
Really no better than the factory one
The heads pop off easily and it comes with these tiny pointless pieces. Don't buy this crap it's not worth it.
Box arrived damaged. For a collector you know what that means.
The box was left outside of the roof , it was raining and the box got soaked in water. I am not sure it the guitar is going to work 😏
Bad, there's no more to it than that
Bought these dice because my sister thought they would work well for role playing game. They arrived and were missing paint on some numbers on the d20. They did not seem evenly weighted as they continuously rolled low numbers. The colors were nice though.
The material in these projectiles vary quite a bit. Some are soft and foam-like, others hard, like rubber. The hard ones do very poorly in a automatic flywheel gun.
Hard to put together
The kids loved this! Unfortunately it got an air leak after only about 2 weeks of play :(
I love Groot, I order 2 but both of them keep tip over every time I put plant. The only thing to make Groot stand up if I put penny or dimes.
twist on earing part sucks.
You get what you pay for... I bought this from Amazon Warehouse. According to the description, the box was torn. That wasn't a lie. What they didn't mention were all the bent and broken pieces. After I completed the puzzle, I had to glue some sections together because they had broken into small bits.
Very small for the price and not all metal
The description of the product on Amazon specifically said this was [Orange} which is my grandson's favorite color. I received a red yo yo ... somewhat disappointed for this reason.
Did not work. Grandson very disappointing
Jams every bew mag it needs to be cleared and habe a stuck dart pulled out of the top chamber
Mine came without the heart, intestines, diaphragm, and stomach. How can I get these parts? This was a gift for my daughter and it's missing 4 out of the 9 organs.
Very disappointed..stated it was a board game so I figured it was like regular trivia pursuit which you get for half the price.. but its just a deck of cards with a die. feel ripped off
These are cute little construction trucks. About the size of matchbox cars. My son was excited to play with them. UPDATE after using for a few days they started to fall apart. The quality is lacking, he can't even play with them anymore
This is the box.. pretty disappointed!
Did not like that 9” plates were forced into 8” wide box. Received curled up plates.
So small. Lucky I use it for my daughters small dance shoes for now. She is 4 so older kids shoes will be hard to use in it.
The bounce house was as expected BUT there is a SIDE ENTRANCE which i know is listed on the item description but what I didn't realize is how easily the side entrance is opened when kids are bouncing around in there. It is held together by velcro that comes undone when my 3 or 6 yr old bounce against that side. It is actually pretty dangerous and I have to tell all friends to be careful when jumping on that side--which is kind of annoying. Still not sure why that is even there. If they had left that "feature" out then I would have def given it 5 stars.
This was fun for a little bit. But after second time charging(first day we had it.) the part where you plug in the charger got pushed inside the drone and now we're not Able to charge it.
Made for a 18 inch waist. Says adult, should be for toddlers.
My son loved it but after 2 months the lights stopped working except for one that flashes red.I tried to take a picture of it but you can't really see the red light flashing it's kinda dull like it's going out soon.
Initially we liked the toy when we tested it before giving it to our Grandson. The learning feature and some of the songs were probably going to be a bit difficult for a 1 year old to understand the words due to the accents of the people speaking. That was OK. The volume is quite adjustable with 4 levels so it won't drive the parents crazy and the toy moved and danced and would change direction when coming upon a carpet or piece of furniture. So far very nice toy. Then I pressed the stories button - not sure what the marketing company for the US sales was thinking but fables concerning animals catching and killing prey doesn't quite work for toddlers. Sadly, we did return it for a refund.
This is a fun travel bucket, but does not hold up for most bucket tasks. The accordion design makes it extremely flimsy. One of the three buckets was shipped with a crack.
The colors aren't very vibrant at all and the print on the balls is not very good either.
Sent back did not use
fun game and the kids loved it on the car trip. Too bad one of them started to leak by the end of the day.
Didn't not like this product cheap material
Stupid over priced crap. A full size cupcake pan costs as much as this!
The house is cool but the construction of it is poor.
Most of the things you need to actually do the experiments are not included. Very disappointing.
They where great but after the 5 charge it stop holding charge
Some of these weren't molded properly, they were coming out of their bases and bent. Bought as a present for my 11 year old brother, and we just opened them today, so no word on how the undamaged ones hold up
The material inside the bag is good but the bag is cheap quality. In 2 days the stiches came off and the zip came out after 10 days.
I had 5 of the 30 split and now I can't use them! :(
Two work, one doesn't squirt
This will last one time if that long. The basket is cheaply made and it is very flimsy. I gave it two stars because Toto is cute.
Doll packaging was a mess and looked opened and put back together. Very disappointing since it is a gift. Embarrassing to give to someone since it doesn't look new.
One size fits all, the pants waist was big and the groin area hung to low and was so inflexible that it was difficult to sit or walk. The tie is on a dickie and the collar was really high and stiff. The coat barely covers the torso. The leg bones printed on my pants were off a bit and made it look bow legged
Ridiculous battery usage. Plan on investing in re-chargable AA's OR purchase stock in your preferred battery manufacturer. Seriously, around 48 hours of use per battery. We have two of these, one for each child in the family, and they both each batteries like there's no tomorrow. The toy is fun and works reasonably well, but that there's no integrated smart battery pack and USB charging capabilities in 2018 is borderline criminal. Hoping for a redesign with these modern features. Had I known this, the toy would have been a hard pass.
Very cute Elmo doll but cheaply made! Elmo now has 2 tears with stuffing coming out and it hasn't even been 4 months since he was delivered. My son only holds him for car rides and is never rough with him so I don't understand why this doll hasn't lasted long.
These were fun and my 6 year old figured out how to use them easily by his self. Made some cute stuff. Not too messy. I gave only 2 stars though because over half of the balloon pieces had holes in them and would never inflate for more than 2 seconds. Therefore, I considered these a major rip off.
Popped after a few hours. What a waste of time & money.
Cheap and breaks easily.
It is an attractive board but we had to glue in the pieces of wood that partitioned off the decks of cards & pegs. For the price disappointing.
Gun jams easily. Would not recommend.
The inside pocket zipper came off its track. The zipper is not a self-repairing one. The inside pocket became unusable. The rest of the bag is OK. I won't buy again.
We ordered 2 of these fabulous unicorns for our daughter's birthday party only to find that one of them arrived with several holes in it. We tried patching it up but without success.
Package arrived timely and sounded like a fun party game. However, we tried to play it at a party without having read the instructions prior to the party. It was... Overcomplicated and nobody in the group (of smart people) really got it or enjoyed it. We loved regular cranium and another game by this company - but this was not our cup of tea.
Some of the numbers on the dice were not fully colored in on multiple sides and multiple die. 3 out of 7 affected (see attached picture).
The plastic ball feels cheap, and will not latch or stay closed. Pikachu bouncing around loose inside while on your belt will cause the top part of the ball to bounce along with it. Very disappointed.
The entire image is lighter in color than shown and enlarged so that two faces are not visible. The quality seems ok if you only want it to last one school year. I would have returned it but the child really wanted to keep it.
After a period of time the putty began to smell nasty
Too small not for adults
this thing is so tiny.
Came with holes ripped through out it.
We followed instructions and very carefully drew inside the lines...but almost all the pages are still cut off! Cool idea but very disappointing result.
Ordered this for my along with other Pacific Rim figurines. All the others came in a nice box.... Obsidian Fury came not even put together. Thank goodness my son loves to put stuff together
They are so thin they fail apart or tore when the kids tried to use them for the candy bar we set up for ours daughter's African theme birthday party
It looks sturdy and has a great appearance. The needles have sharp and jagged edges and looks like you could cut yourself. Also the measurement of being 1.5 inches thick is misleading. I assumed it would be the size of the needles and not the thickness of the frame. The needles are really a bit over an inch so not long enough to make a great imprint. It is not as good as the product that I had as a kid. I plan on returning it.
Its a hard hat, almost plastic. Very uncomfortable to wear. It does have the style advertised, so could be useful as a prop and if not worn for very long periods of time.
Pups are fine but packaging was completely open. Was going to be a gift but I won't gift it like that.
Not as expected. Doesn't respond to sound as advertised but still cute
Leaks but cool for a couple of park days
Had to return for refund, the remote wouldn't connect to the drone.
My grandson loved this for Christmas Disappointed though in battery life. It lasts about 6 minutes
My grandson is only 2 but this ride on toy was too small for him.
Bought this set for my 4 year old daughters doll house. The rocking horse and the crib broke within a few hours of play time. Very poor quality, all the pieces are just glued together and not sturdy at all. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
It broke the first day we had it. I guess you get what you pay for on this item
My boy didn't seem to enjoy this as much as I'd hoped. They're fine to use if you're just making straight lines, but curves are difficult to make & don't look smooth. It comes up off carpet too easily & just tears while you're trying to run cars on it. Probably best on a tile floor.
the controller protector is awesome. the same can't be said about the prop. protectors. they fall off too easily and don't actually prevent the props fro, getting snagged. i'm going to try velcro straps next because these are too fussy.
My son had been wanting a large squishie for awhile. I ordered these after reading the description and some reviews. After nearly playing with them twice, both of the squishies started tearing. Frustrated mom, and disappointed son.
arrived as stated. not very bright I didnt use them on bike spokes because they were too difficult to change out
I was really upset to find that my package was missing two of the seat spots. Also there was a cut on the packaging where the seat spots are located. I was very excited to buy this product but now I'm disappointed that two are missing
The ones that worked were a big hit but about 12 of them didn't work and 2 where already broken when they arrived :( I bought 4 packs
Very cute but disappointed with quality. I had to summon the power of a mom on Christmas eve to get it together. Paint chipped and pieces didn't fit properly. I could hear the wood cracking during assembly. I was laughing that the box said assembly in seconds, like thousands of seconds.
Finish is dull and rough, not shiny and smooth as all of the rest of my dolls are. The 3 smallest dolls are so small that they only have splotches of paint for their faces, not recognizable faces.
These are very light weight not heavy like a real domino. Kids did like arranging and knocking down but because they are so flimsy they'd either fall over as they're being set up, not be able to knock down all the dominos in the line.
Broke on the first few spins. Oh well.
Too small and I even sized up for my daughter who is pretty tiny to begin with.
Color doesn't look like the pic in person.
The best thing about this product are the bows. Other than that the skirt is not worth the money. Its more like 2 layers than 3 and also the smell is horrible. I had to hang them out to air out, i hope that gets the smell out.
Very very small.. thought they were bigger. Would not have ordered them if I knew they were matchbox size.
These figurines are very cute but we've had two lose their heads very easily. One came off when we were simply taking it out of the box. I wish they were a little more sturdy for the price.
The look is nice, color is awesome. But it is difficult to work and we've had an issue getting it off the ground. It was a Christmas gift that sits in a closet after several failed attempts to get it to fly.
I got these for my grandson for his birthday. And one of the figures are missing its arm! One of them the arm is off but still in the package and this figure doesn't have an arm at all... very disappointed because it's too late for me to get something else for him now
Item was damaged before I even opened it... Ugh. Really upset because I was SOOOOO looking forward to giving this as a gift. Other than that, it's a good size and the other one (wolf) I ordered is perfectly cute and terrifying! Sucks.
Why did I receive a used item when I paid 20$ more than what past listings for this exact item was listed as before they sold out from other sellers? This is not right!
Cheaply made and very small.
It was a lot lighter than I though. To much wax not really paint. And colors really light on the skin. This was for an even we saw a lot of kids and you couldn't see the design well. We did use the stencils that came with it also. Pencils melted a little too fast when trying to use.. Great for younger kids if they dont worry about wax feel.
Looks cool. That's about it. Parts just fell off!
This box was inexpensive, which is why I bought it. SO,, take my review with a grain of salt. It did not come with cards as indicated. The box warped and metal inserts sprung and bent in my motorhome. Perhaps in an home environment this box would be better.
Not a bad slime, but the beads do fall out as you play though. My container was also cracked upon arrival, which was upsetting.
Cute puzzle but it was missing THREE pieces!! Seriously?! Such a bummer.
It arrived looking like it had been chewed up in the corner. We're leaving for the lake in a couple of days, so no time to return it. It will still work, but it's disappointing.
I bought 4 of these for a trip to Old Nevada that we are taking the grandkids on. The guns are small and look very cheap. Hopefully they won't fall apart the first time the kids use them and will at least last the day.
Terrible arena. A 2 dollar frisbee would be better.
I didn't exactly like how the glasses slid down my nose and how big they were, I expected CLOUT goggles not retro goggles. But still If you see this, these are not clout goggles
Fun toy, but it leaks horribly, so there isn't much pressure.
I was excited to get this for my 4 year old daughter. She explicitly asked for glow in the dark slime. The consistency was good upon mixing but we were both VERY disappointed to see it did not glow at all. We even let it sit for 30 mins instead of 10 to ensure to get the best outcome, but it didn't work.
THIS WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED, IT WAS SO SMALL BUT THAT COULD BE MY FAULT FOR NOT READING IN DETAIL
Just ok, not great and not good.
This toy didn't even come packaged in a box, when I opened the box it was in a plastic bag with the instructions thrown it it??? Its like I received someone else's return??? Also no 3rd wheel??? Very disappointing, thought this would be a great gift for my granddaughter....not now. I'm returning it.
Not as pictured. Cheaply made.
Very easily broken. These didn't last 5 minutes before the black mesh cover broke off and then it was useless
First of all, I received a different color that the one pictured and the flow patter doesn't quite work, one color (yellow) makes the bubbles and the other color (green) it's just a straight constant line. It doesn't look nice
These were a lot smaller than what I expected
Actually needed the intructions to inflate - not a good start .. because it wasn't straight forward. Next challenge I didn't like was getting the water out - release in bottom of pool was going to take a very, very long time to drain. So, because of these things, me personally, I would not buy again or recommend. It's big. Easy on the eyes. Maybe I'm just grumpy today. I don't know. I rarely write reviews.
You can't hear the singing, this microphone is useless because the microphone quality is horrible. Got this for my daughter for her birthday. Waste of money.
Do not actually look like the picture they are just plain gold crowns
Cute idea but very poor execution. The flags were not in a pattern. They started out in one and lost it. I had two of same color and pattern side by side and it threw the whole thing. It was noticed by a few guests too even when I thought I'd be the only to notice. It looks appropriate in the picture but poor attention to detail on the one I purchased. Cute otherwise and nice quality
Price is good but the paint job is shitty. Random colored spots in many places, I'm honestly pretty disappointed. I might order again in hopes for a better quality pop but I'm not quite sure what to do with the one I already have since it's bad.
Did not come with the drumsticks:(
I thought I was getting everything, smh only the balloons came and not the silver star either
READ THE MEASUREMENTS!!! I would not have purchased this for my almost 4 year old grandson if I had read that it was tennis ball size. He also can't play with it because the parts are too small.
We just took this out of the box to put together for my son's birthday tomorrow. I'm very disappointed and disgusted. There must have been a gash in the fridge door and it was just simply painted over. Didn't even have the decency to replace it before shipping. And with what we paid that's unacceptable. Too late to send back, his birthday is tomorrow. I should have opened up the box and examined every single piece when it first arrived, but I didn't think I'd have to....i was so excited about this for my son and now I'm just disgusted.
Though the horse is cute, one of her ears are completely bent down and doesn't stand up. The hair from her mane was all over the horse from the moment she came out of the wrapper. Looks like poor quality to me, considering the price I paid.
Although my toddler loves this toy, the microphone stopped working on day two. Also in my opinion there should be no key included, she keeps locking it and losing the key. That will be put away soon. Was really disappointed that the microphone broke. She didn't want to play with it after that.
This kitchen set looks very nice, but it is not well built at all. It is made out of cheap materials that break when you are trying to put it together. We have had two of the doors fall off with minimal use and they can't be fixed because the partical board just ripped off where it is attached.
I was excited to order this puzzle as it was the first I have seen of a Native American and he looked so majestic!! I do puzzles ALL the time with a card table set up in my living room. This is the first time I have said this is impossible after two days and put it back in the box!
I felt like it wasn't really worth my money
I hate the Chinese writing on it and the paper is very thin. Wish I noticed the writing before I ordered.
Waste of money! I had to go back and look how much I spent on these..., I thought $45 but it was $75 and I bought 2!!! I can't believe I spent that much money of this junk! If you want to throw $75 down the drain buy this!! It has a good concept but they just don't work. It was good for like an hour but was not sturdy enough for my 2 and 5 year old. Keeps falling down and apart it's too small for any child over 5. We have had it in my living room entry for a couple weeks just sitting there falling down. It's about to go to recycling. My husband just said what a waste of money. They also don't give you enough Velcro. I even bought and extra one and still didn't have enough. This product is worth more like $20
This product was a gift and although it looks very nice it was opened and the little man figure was not included in the Box. Very disappointing especially since it was a gift.
The kind if toys boys like but these are so cheap. Would have been better to go to the dollar store.
Opening too small and not enough depth to hold them on.
Bought the bundle of two floaties for my nephew, unfortunately they sent me two of the red airplanes not a different one so will be returning.
Glue was messy and didn't hold all the fabric, couldn't even use after putting it together
Did not receive the D4 in the set
Generally I don't usually have a problem, however, this time I am still waiting for the delivery! More than one month since the order and it still has not arrived yet. So at this point that's the only thing that I can rate. Generously I gave it to Stars simply because I know it will show up sooner or later.
Item was poorly painted and had spots and smudges. Item and bags it came in smelled and still smells terrible, and I mean it's really bad and now I'm left airing out the room. Not one star because it still is just a simple squishy toy and it does that fine
Hard for toddlers to use
it would not strech and was not putty but more of a jello consistancy
I purchased this as a gift for my 6-year old niece. I plan to return it and find something else because this item looks very cheap.
It's ok not what I thought I was getting.
Beware the reviews are for both the car and the monster truck. I purchased the product based off the reviews not knowing this and was surprised to see how small the product was.
This is my second time ordering this costume for my daughter. She outgrew the first one and I ordered a replacement. I was impresed with the quality of the first costume, but sorry to say that the replacement has some sewing issues regarding the boots. The feet are missing and they are sewn shut at the ankle. I will be trying to contact the seller for replacement boots.
So much smaller than I thought. Read the measurements before you buy this. The images with this product do not match what I got. Especially the picture of the truck with the child in the background. Also very cheaply made; seems like a toy you would get from the dollar store.
It's good but it not dark colors as you see in picture.
The product is an opened box item. box is not original sealed and is damaged. this type quality should be marked down price or with specific description. Very dispointed.
I guess I was expecting something bigger and better made, this will not work for what I do but maybe some other project later, the pliers are rough, I will have to sand them smooth so they don't mark my wire if I want to use them. I guess would be OK for beginners but don't expect what you make to last.
I like it because it's looks like a real high chair and I don't like like it because it's to small and the screw's stripped out easy and the measurements are way off
Quality is disappointing. Hex nut will not stay tight
i don't see what the rave is about.
They are not as good as I thought it would be
They're prone to snapping after a short time from removing them Ive had 2 snap You don't need them unless you have a clip that is bad and preventing a solid connection also dosent keep the battery attached fully. Just tug on the battery before flight and it will NEVER JUST POP OUT its always pilot error if a good battery just falls out in the air.
Really neat concept. We got this for our sons for Christmas. It's already been dumped in the toy chest of unused with toys. He really was excited when he first got it and now all he uses it for is the car itself which he has many of.
Cool pop but like usual buying off amazon the box is damaged. Torn and dented.
The motor wasnt working when we placed new batteries. It would work for a few seconds and then stop. When tested initally with a meter, the batteries were all good, but when tested after one battery was always drained?.
I was very disappointed with the quality of this product. Cheap plastic lose Mic holder, unstable....
The gold is not glitter like it appears in the photo...it is fake printed to look like glitter? In the end it just makes the bags look rather cheap.
It literally comes in a brown unmarked box that is nothing like as pictured. This will be a Christmas gift for a 4 year old, I'm sure she will not have the same excitment unwrapping a brown box. Also the box was damaged in transit.
One squishy ball busted minutes after first play. Used appropriately by a three year old. Other items were fine.
These are baby toys, actually. We thought they were the squishies that all the kids are so crazy about right now, but they're not. They're actually plastic and kind of hard. Sort of like a dog toy.
These are a pain to fluff up. Takes FOREVER. I ended up not using them because it took too long and they didn't look pretty once I puffed them. If you are very patient then maybe this would work. Butttttt I wouldn't recommend it. :)
Never grew Contacted seller and may get refund
Made of very thin cheap plastic that probably cost less than $1.00 to manufacture. The base is not attached to the square portion. It felt cheap giving it as a gift, but since I was out of time I had no other option. It would be amazing if this was cast out of metal, the concept is great but the actual product definitely needs to be refined. Not worth the money.
Gel doesn't still very good to the stick
Not what I expected, it has a small stick on it that looks like it will fall off fast.
I guess you get what you pay for here, I do adult coloring books to relax and I had just bought these markers and they were already running out by the time I was halfway done coloring one picture! My best friend bought the same kit and hers all worked great. I might have just gotten a bad pack or something.
Almost all the sticks were broken but don't have time for return because the party is tomorrow.
I bought this for my soon to be 3 year old for Christmas. He absolutely loved it! However, after about an hour of play, it started catching on the letter “x”. He would try to do another activity such as play with the numbers, but it would interrupt what he was doing, and it would always repeat “x” whenever he tried to do something else. Called Amazon, and they offered a refund. I bought another one. I really hope this new one works, and we just got a faulty one.
Cute beds, easy to put together, but the smell is overpowering. Formaldehyde perhaps? I washed the bedding and have left the beds outside for 2 days to air out and they're still too strong to leave in my child's bedroom. Daughter is really upset that she can't play with her Christmas gift yet!
Nice products but must notice its only 6 necklaces so for the 12 girls only half got them.
Super annoyed that the colors of the letters are NOT alternating!! In the picture it shows they are but this is what I got
Looks great but I got two of the same and description says I should get 4 different ones.
This product came with the hardest to read directions. Some pieces not only came screwed together already, but incorrectly so it took much longer to figure out how to put it together. Where the holes lined up was incorrect also, causing further problems. I was reimbursed $50 for my issues and not even a month later the screws on one of the benches snapped. Very unhappy with this cheap product.
I was very excited to work on this project, but after two hours of work, I noticed that two pieces were missing. I could not complete it and when I contacted customer service, they informed me that they could not just send me the missing pieces. Very disappointing. :(
Very disappointed parts came with bent / damaged wing tip and damaged fuselage with gauges and scratches
I really want to like this toy, but with every movement the Dino makes a couples screws fall off. We've put the thing together now twice in the last two days just to double check all the screws. My hands are sore from twisting the screwdriver so much, but it didn't make any difference. It's a shame, because it's an amazing toy, but completely unusable in about a week at this rate. (Not to mention the dangers of stray screws with a toddler in the house).
It's big and my kids like it, but man it's nearly impossible to put together. I've got several things by step 2 and this was such a surprise. The instructions were incredibly vague. The screws are in places where it's impossible for a screw driver to actually reach and you have to hold the floor and walls all together by hand while you try and get it to snap. It's incredibly annoying.
One of the characters broke In transit. Not built that great. Sizes are too small. Not as expected
I've actually bought this same product in the past for my son and he loves it. So I know I'll be happy with the product. I'm just disappointed in the shipping method. I plan on giving this as a gift and it can in a shipping bag without any padding (which may or may not have helped). I'm a little embarrassed to wrap this as a gift. It looks as if it's been thrown around. Just disappointed. Please box this item.
This was a birthday gift which was loved when opened but very quickly the part that connects the truck to the trailer snapped! It's in not a great quality plastic, although a great concept for a toy!
Had it for a couple weeks. The ties at the top of the polls tore off.
They were fun while they lasted
I receive this item in a huge box which makes no sense for such a small item then the shippers would change on the size of the box
This product doesn't work well and eats batteries very quick.
I was recently on a trip where someone had Penny Drop and I was obsessed with it. I immediately jumped online and purchased what I thought was the same model of the game. This version is made out of either cheap or fake wood on the bottom portion and is top heavy because the top is real wood (and the type of wood that the game I played was made out of entirely). It is also much taller than the version I played. What I liked about the version I played is that it easily fit into a backpack and was very durable heavy wood. It could take a beating while traveling and could fit in a smaller pocket of my bag. The bottom portion of this game will not be durable enough for my constant traveling, one smashed bookbag and this will crack. I'll be returning and looking for a SOLID WOOD, smaller version of this game.
The item recieved does not match the item pictured in the listing. After contacting the seller, they stated the one in thre listing is a knock off, and the one we recieved is not. After googling, we found both photos on various websites, so it's still very confusing.
I bought the item listed as "new" yet when I received it, the box was torn and basically destroyed. Not a good look for those who collect these and keep them in their original boxes
Incredibly small...approximately 1.5 inches. They don't do anything special (i.e., drive forward after being pulled back or make noise). Basically a dino version of a mini-Matchbox but lesser quality. Not impressed for the price.
The wood is very weak and cracked quite easily. The assembly instructions were okay, but the process was very difficult and took close to 25 person-hours. Best suited for kids no more than 9 or 10. Cannot support much weight.
This appears bigger in the picture!
Love this item. Just pissed a bit the box was damaged and the plastic cover had a small rip in it. Was going to keep this one in the box and vacuum PAC for a collectible but had to much damage.
Looks pretty nice. Nothing spectacular but that's about the only good I can say. The dice are dice, nothing special. Tried out the markers and tried to dry erase them which didn't work well. Finally saw on the bottom of the box that you're supposed to use water even though it says it's dry erase on the listing. Still didn't work completely and left stains even though product claims it won't leave stains. Went to fold it back up to out away and the product started peeling off the cardboard at the seams. Shoddy product and isn't what it claims to be.
Included all 100 light sticks. DOES NOT come with light stick connectors. So I was not able to create necklaces or bracelets. The light sticks themselves look decent quality and last a while, but again without connectors can't really use this product.
2 stars because they exist and my kid loves them. That being said I've been concerned with the smell they emit. I've washed them several times and the smell still linger. He unfortunately loves these little figures so much. We got 2 sets of these and there are big differences in the paint and the way they look. Definitely not licensed stuff but it's very hard to find merchandise for this (older) game.
So far getting a 2 Star just for packaging. We are missing the bottom floor wall panel and it's Christmas Eve and all our stores are closed so I can't go buy a new one and return this one 😫. I'm sure my daughter will LOVE to play with this. She is a huge lol fan BUT I'm just so disappointed the house will not be completed for her Christmas morning.
Felt more like kinetic sand and had a residue.
My son was so excited to get this costume! He got it and you had to stuff the tail to get it to look correct. Not but an hour later the tail is tearing off the costume. The Velcro is also coming apart to wear it won't stay closed in the back. I'm pretty bummed how it's already falling apart.
We purchased these for my son to use for Halloween with his costume. Of course, being 8, he wanted to play with them. We didn't even get the batteries in the first one without it breaking. Something came loose in it, and it would not make noise. We tried the second one. He used it a couple times, and the same thing happened. The piece broke in it, so it wouldn't make noise. We have had replacements sent for each one. The first replacement has broken, also. The second replacement is still in the box, but I think we will just return both and get his money back. If you only plan to use as a costume prop, these are probably fine. They are not meant to be used more than one time, however.
Gears got stuck after two uses. It will not fly or hover because not all of the propellers will turn.
When did Saturn turn aqua? It's bugging the heck out of me. Other than that glaring mistake, it's a nice piece.
which was about 20 minutes. Waste of money!
While I'm sure the costume is fine, I also received the wrong style, not what I ordered. Hence the two stars.
These took 7 weeks to arrive and by the time they did I had already purchased the gifts I needed for Christmas. On top of them arriving so late they were SUPER SUPER tiny. We never turned them on but the screen was so super tiny- I cannot imagine seeing much on them. We ended up returning them.
Battery does not hold charge for long. Vehicle is slow. Would not recommend.
Not child size fits very big.
I neat game, but the suction cups are a pain to make stick. Even after washing the game board and suction cups. Nearly impossible to play in as designed without the suction cups dropping off. The kids resorted to laying the playing surface flat and playing that way.
Not very good quality.
Very bad door, fell off
The big minnie balloon head and one of the stars did not have an opening so we could blow them up. SUPER disappointing!
2 of them had holes in them and helium leaked. Didn't see any of them walk. Disappointed.
These were cute but looked cheap. The girl one would not hold air, thankfully the place I had the balloons done at, they had a gender neutral baby one they gave me otherwise I would have been out money
Gets the job done but poor quality
Great real life affect just wish it was a little big bigger/life size.
I really liked the look of the charger. It worked great for 2 weeks. Then I started having problems with it not matching up to my iphone 6s. It kept causing a warning of not compatible and quit charging my phone. I hated to, but I had to return it.
Took too long to assemble, coming from a very patient person. And does not include instructions. Also smaller than expected.
Came in cracked on the end so it's not sounding right. Very upset. Only reason it got two instead one star is because it fit easily in my daughters hand and I could see it being a good purchase if t wasn't broken.
Smaller than expected & cheap. Was already ripping at the seams the first day we opened it. Disappointed.
I love Buffalo puzzles. The pieces were smaller than stated. We finished it in an hour and there was a piece missing. Neither of us had left the table, so it was just not there. Also, missing the large picture folded inside the box, as shown on other buyers. Finally, this was lost in the mail and then got here, long after it was scheduled to arrive.
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and it has way too many small pieces to put together.
No instructions on how to put it together
my son loves tunnels and this is why I bought this but while it seems pretty cool it wont stay together the balls are no included and takes up a ton of space and is very difficult to get folded up and back into the bag so I do not like it
Only gave 2 stars because the seats are so deep my daughter mouth is sitting at the water line when I put her in it, the seats should not be so deep
I finally finished the puzzle but I am missing 6 pieces and have 7 extra. Huge let down. Please don't buy this puzzle if you are wanting to have a finished product. I really wanted to glue and frame this for a decorative piece in my nightmare before christmas craft room. Very sad and wished I had read the reviews before ordering.
This product doesn't show well in my daughters very light brown hair. Other than that, pleased with the seller in general.
The wood that was used already had cracks going through it. Really only good for one year's use.
They came broken :( one of them won't light up and the other lights up for a second then shuts off and doesn't light up again
Ok. I thought they would be bigger
The package was cracked open at the bottom and the top - it's for a Christmas gift but it doesn't look new. The doll is new so there's that.
Very cute and arrived quickly, but does not contain any tattoos at all. Submitted for return.
Don't love it. The market is not always responsive & difficult to clear the drawings.
They sent two left gloves which makes the skeleton hands useless. Doing a return was too much of a hassle and I just bought some skeleton gloves somewhere else but I'm not very happy about it.
This doll is so adorable but the volume level of the voice box can hardly be heard. Very disappointing!
Disappointed with packaging. Was packed in a bag and cracked while being shipped. Lost some of it in the bag.
Plush was compressed into a plastic bag, making it a bit flat and damaged.
As we were building from the pictures shown On the step by step instructions I realized I was shorted from certain sizes shown on the container.
Loved the idea but the product didn't work.
Cute but hardly can hear!
Love the idea of these and wish the product was made better because we wanted to keep using these. Unfortunately we'll be returning because after catching and throwing the balls started to peel from the Velcro seems.
Board is sturdy and looks great. However, it does not erase dry erase marker well. I used it once and the board is stained from the marker. Not worth the money.
There's a scuff on the inside of the box right in front of Chun li's face.
Looked alot cheaper in person.
Too pricey for what you receive
Wasn't for my nephew.
were cheaply made, some of the pieces were missing the magnets and some had rough surfaces being wood.
These were not as sturdy as I was hoping they would be. Some are even worse quality than the play food I can get at Walmart. Great food variety which is why I'm giving 2 stars instead of just one star.
Box fell apart shipped in a yellow envelope and product reminded me of popsicle sticks. It was a gift for a coworker and the presentation was horrible but hopefully hes enjoying it.
Loved it but his left arm came off after two days and since then it was hard to have it stay on until one day the arm completely fell off somewhere and now we have a one armed Rex .
The product itself is fine, but as a collector I am disappointed in the condition of the box. The box was damaged in several places because Amazon shipped them loose in a box without any sort of protection at all.
This is just printed on colored printer paper. Single sided. For $8 I'd expect more.
I bought two of these cases to carry my quadcopters and transmitters along with a couple batteries. The handles broke off on both cases when I tried to pick them up off the floor. I wasn't swinging them around or carrying excessive weight. The weak point is that the handles are riveted into cardboard sides, cardboard! I never noticed that they were riveted to such a weak material. The frame of the cases use thin aluminum to hold its shape but the rest is basically thick paper(cardboard). There are better cases for the same or similar price. If you want something that will last don't buy these but if you want a case that looks good then buy one. I will always opt for better quality over looks.
just 3 colors for eggs, no blue, pink yellow, would not buy from this seller again
Sturdy but colors are DULL! One thing about toddlers is colors and brightness in toys. I was so disappointed with this one guys.
Not the colors shown in picture. Has maroon in hair and on tail where the pretty purple color was supposed to be. Still a cheap balloon but if you're trying to be exact on colors this one definitely has burgundy hair. Not loving it.
I sent these to a bunch of people on April Fool's Day. I had thought this was an actual wine bottle with underpants on it. But it's not. It's just the underwear. A bit overpriced.
Item arrived unpackaged. Was not brand new. The action figure does not hold the sword very well. Had sticky stuff on his face. And all of his limbs were twisted backwards. Definitely not worth the money.
I thought these would be bigger and float. They do not. They sink like a rock.
Color not as pictured. The hanging tassels came damaged. I was unable to use them and had to return.
All items werent not in the pack. I only received 6 slap bracelets and several items were not as described. Now I have to run out and buy more from party supply store to finish party favor bags. not worth it.
We're popping as they were filling and they didn't just fall off like there suppose too.Aslo the rubber band doesn't really hold the water I. The balloons were deflating the moment they came off the straw
Too small even for small adult hands. Was hoping for BP cards.. prob ok for kids..
The cable that came with it was defective. Took hours to figure out why it wouldn't connect to computer
The cord to plug it in broke within a month of playing. We had been using batteries but it was inconvenient and sometimes it still shut off randomly while playing. Now it barely will play, makes a static sound after a few minutes of playing and sometimes won't play at all. It it hadn't have broke I would have loved it. I loved it portability, but now won't work. Wish I could get a refund.
Cute but wont fool anyone and they stretch out quickly. Not a fan
A piece of the track is missing. Where can I get a replacement for that piece? thanks
The playdough baby food that came with the Doll never made it into the diaper even while following the directions. It would get stuck inside the Doll. My 4 year old was very disappointed.
I bought this for my son. I didn't realize that this was intended for a track. A couple of the parts to it broke off almost right away after a couple times of playing with it. My son was so excited because he loves Mario but I wouldn't buy it again.
This was super cute, larger than I anticipated, and our 3 year old LOVED it. But within one day of pushing down the leaver and attaching the trash can the spring on the leaver broke off. Luckily our 3 year old doesn't care but it was sad that within a day the toy broke.
Sizes r not near the sizes the product says .. they are only about 3 inches long by 2 inches high .. plus they do not float straight up ..
I bought 2 packs (6 balloons each). I recieved two packs, one had 5 balloons and the other had 4. Apparently I am not the first customer whom this happened to. Beware.
This product ripped within one week of using in my classroom. I was monitoring it well but it ripped in the seam on the top and in the bottom corner.
It's a cute idea, but the elephant's trunk falls down on it's own a lot. I'm not sure if a kid broke the toy already or if it's just bad quality.
For $13, I thought this was going to be bigger. It's a tiny figurine. Not what I expected.
Decent quality construction of the plastic parts...but the straps easily come off. I lost some on the first game. Requires a lot of batteries.
I got these as a gift for my nephew, after wearing them a few times n it not rolling smooth he realized we were sent 2 right feet
Really cool cards, however extremely hard to see. Unless you want to show everyone what hand you have just to get a good look.
Brought this for my two year old. All the eggs made about the same sound and it doesn't stay close well
I never got it and I double checked my boxes
The package came open and dented.
Very nice quality. Fit well but did not come with the holster and the whistle came stretched out(not too much of a big deal just worth noting). Would be a 5 star if it came with everything in good condition.
Picture shows a chair and states that it comes with one. It does NOT come with a chair.
At first it was fine, but after about 2 months of light use all the wooden pegs came out so now we can't use it anymore. I am disappointed since I usually expect the wooden toys we buy to be long lasting
2 came not working . not impressed
Was hard to use for a 9 year old
Looks cheap. Package was smashed, hope it works...
We used this boat on a pond 3 times. On the 3rd outing the boat steering went out. It would not turn left or right. We really enjoyed the boat but will be returning and looking for an upgrade.
When this arrived I immediately pulled it out of the box to put my pop inside! Once I did, I realize ITS CRACKED! It seemed to be packaged very well so I'd say it was something that happened before it was shipped.
Not full drill would be better review if it was a full drill
Not too happy with product. First time my child sharpened the pencils the wood cracked and made them unusable. Would not purchase again.
Shin guards were different in size (see the picture). Otherwise looked nice.
This megaphone was a lot louder than I thought. The megaphone part was not to bad but the siren was loud enough for the whole neighborhood to hear. Very annoying! And of course the kids wanted it on high volume.
I thought this would be more like putty but it is a slightly oily/ watery slime. My students did not like it. It left small oil spots on their clothes
It came jumbled out of the cube shape. Seller helpfully suggested I shape it before giving as a gift. No thanks. Magnets not affected but a real bummer. They're not as good quality as some I've bought here.
It is cute but it runs pretty large and when I went to put it on my pet the strap immediately broke as I was putting it on.
Its good item if you are gonna paint it
Not impressed... AT ALL. Flimsy and cheap, not worth $30, or $20. I'd pay maybe 12$ for this. My son looked at me like wtf do I do w this. He's 2. He literally tossed it on the floor after 20 seconds. It's gojng back.
Design was cute but I was disappointed with the balloons and the balloon pump wasnt working.
I love the product. It just sucks because one A was busted and I recieved 3 H's and one Y . I did make it work but unhappy.
the 2 had a hole in it so could not use it
Super tiny... I was expecting a little larger. They are quarter sized, if that.
Got this for my 4yr old grandson. He LOVED it until he laid his bike down and the propeller broke off. That was the end of that!! So sad - I don't understand why they didn't design this with a screw holding the propeller rather a cheap plastic rod that broke immediately. NO way to repair it!!
we ended up needing to hot glue the attachments to the pole and the pole to the vacuum because they wouldnt stay on. you also, need a special extra skinny phillips screw driver to open the battery spot. like smaller than standard small toy screw drive most parents tend to have on hand for replacing toy batteries. this is something i would have much rather paid
One of the guys came with no hook and some of the weapons were missing
Arrived in a padded envelope. Smashed and misshapen.
This phone sounded great, but it was a disappointment. The sound quality is poor and the remote accessory did not work.
it was so much smaller and flimsier than I expected. my son was super disappointed because he had saved his money to purchase this set and it wasn't very durable. blades, rippers and cords all worn out after 1st week of regular boy playtime.
Bought used - missing USB cord accessory
These dice have hardly any weight. Feel hollow. Also 6 of my dice had white color imperfections.
The app should have a simple control mode
Unfortunately I have to write a negative review. The paper is overpriced for what you receive - just a pad of colored paper. In addition - as mentioned by others- the paper is thin. I have bought other art supplies by the company Faber-Castell and have been pleased. However this paper is not one of those good products. I should have read the reviews more carefully. I cannot recommend this paper
I would recommend this toy for kids 4 and under
Pop box was crushed when I opened the package. Pop was in good shape but the box is an important part if you're a collector.
Purchased for my son who just turned 2 as the description indicates for ages 1-3 and is way to small for him
Puzzle pieces are nice that they are made out of wood... however it only came with 6 puzzles and not 7 as listed on the box... and two puzzles were the same thing.
Tiny tiny small not even soft poor quality not worth the price
This product crumbles into a bunch of tiny pieces and it's everywhere in my home. It only sticks together while you're holding it or squeezing it together.
Kit arrived on time; however; it was missing the clear plastic canopy pieces.
Come in wet and the packaging really cheap. Some of them couldn't use. Wasted.
its very flimsy, if your phone falls at the right angle your screen will crack. Its nice becuse the rings attached to the case but not very good at protecting the phone
Printing looks very nice paper very nice quality, but the quality is lacking. Flaps are same image on all sides, no words on some sides. No Dumbledore office on our copy. Initially seems good, then disappointing.
Didn't grow correctly. Deformed and very small
So this package was a hit or a miss for sure. 3 of the gold letters had holes in them and the other regular balloons did too every single one of them luckily some of the holes I was able to put tape over them but they popped very easily
You get what you pay for. It works, but not very well. The microphone has to be touching your mouth and you can hear your own voice over that of the speaker.
IT really depends what you need these for. If you need five full sets of letters you may be disappointed. We had three pieces that I've found so far that were unusable for our purposes. Bought this set for a project, and at least three pieces are headed for the trash heap. The letters seem like they are painted on, not burnt on, which I think is what they do for scrabble pieces, so these seem a little cheaper. So don't expect high quality pieces. The E was painted on to a piece with a knot in the wood, another piece was cut wonky and seems messed up on the edge, and the third piece with the T it seems like only part of the letter printed.
Kids, ages 3 to 6, liked them enough for the idea of what they are (why I gave it two stars) but 3 blew up when being inflated and the others didn't seem to hold the air well. About every 5 minutes of moderate play I had to reinflate. Not worth the money.
The magnets are ok, not as strong as others I have purchased but my kids still enjoy them. I did not get the plastic carrying case as pictured. They were in a cheap orange bag and looked like they were used! These were suppose to be a Christmas gift so I went out and purchased a better case for them. I would not buy again.
Box arrived missing items! Time turner necklace and necktie were missing. Also the glasses have no lenses, just a frame. The wand is much larger in person than it appears, so unless an adult is using it, I recommend finding a smaller, more realistic looking wand! It is made of cheap green plastic. Will be returning this set!
I purchased this set last week as a Christmas gift for my 2-year-old daughter. I was wrapping gifts this afternoon, and when I got to it, I noticed chipped paint (actual small pieces missing in spots) through the unopened package. Needless to say I will be returning it, although I am disappointed (with Melissa and Doug - not Amazon - as it's not their fault), because it's such a cute set. I thought about ordering a new one, but I fear it will be the same.
I was under the impression that my order was coming in a tin box as advertised however it wasn't in a tin box!!! I suggest that if the item isn't what it is as advertised give the customers options to whether to purchase or not inform customers that that particular item isn't coming the way they assumed it to be!!
Not great quality. Good for a one time use.
cheap plastic although nicely designed pieces
My husband liked it and that's what matters. However, it was late with no explanation as to why and the box containing it isn't in the best condition. Though we never intend to sell, our Funko Items are gotten as collection items and not toys, so the boxes matter.
I ordered this cottage and paid a little extra so that I would be able to have the green and blue colors to match my house colors. I looked at review pictures and didn't think I would have an issue as everyone has gotten what they ordered. I received a blue and red house. Which wouldn't be a big deal if I didn't pay extra for it! I've contacted the seller and will update my review when problem is handled. My OCD is very unhappy :(
About 20% was not Lego Technic pieces, but just regular bricks. A couple of pieces were damaged, and a couple of pieces were not even Lego brand. Lots of specialized pieces, I was hoping for more beams and pegs. I will get use out of maybe 30%, not worth it.
The instruments are very difficult for children to blow into - it takes an exerted effort which frustrates kids. The instruments are cheap quality. The instruments are not loud enough to hear further than a couple feet away. Mouthpieces and keys are a cheap plastic. I do not recommend this product. The cost did not reflect the quality.
Was much smaller than I expected
We opened the puzzle for the first time, put it all together and it was missing 2 pieces
Waste of time and very frustrating. I ended up returning it.
The set includes 8 superheroes. I received 8, but 2 are incomplete. Thor has a hook in his head and no hammer. Superman has no torso. Captain America is missing a hand, and 3 of them are missing their stand. I would send them back but they are for my grandsons birthday, thankfully 2 out of 3 he requested are intact!
Very upset Funk Pop came damaged and since it's a birthday present I now do not have time to return.
The only reason i gave 2 stars is beacuse they sent me the wrong item, i ordered and paid for the glowing in the dark one with sound and got the all plastic one with no sound, advertise was not matching!
This rope makes it really difficult for a kid to learn ( or anyone to skip) as the rope twists all the time and it becomes frustrating for them to constantly stop and untangle. Doesn't make skipping fun.
Really cute table but the screws to extra lock the seats do not fit .... also after one week of very light use by my kids eating lunch on it the seat already has a tear ... pretty cheaply made
The girl balloon was defective and that's the balloon we needed for our gender reveal party. I was very disappointed with this purchase.
nice gag gift but rather small
Wished I would have read the reviews on this before ordering. I too received plain blue napkins and gray forks instead of as pictured. The seller should at least contact the customer and ask if substitutions are okay. Very disappointed. :(
Didn't realize these tails you need to wear pants that has a hoop on it. I wore a dress for Halloween so there was no way I could of wore the tail. But they are cute just not functional with a dress
I was very disappointed I thought it would be heavier like the other beautiful one I bought. Should have bought the sets of 4 for the same price.
I didn't see "for 8 years and up" on the description. My 12 year old stepson will be unimpressed. Likely return after he sees it.
Product is rather cheaply made, and there are random smudges of paint all over the wings. I wanted something I could snap together with my nephew who is into planes but not ready for glue-together kits yet. Once assembled the wings and joints have a lot of slop and play, large gaps.
This stuff was cute to look at but the plates were flimsy for any food, the banner has to be put together once you get it, and the plastic wear isn't really usable for much. The knives were ridiculous and the spoons were more like spade shovels. I had to buy plastic wear separate so this really wasn't worth the money.
Very good for birthday presents or for stress use.
No sound. The attachable weapons easily come apart. Kid played with it literally for 2 mins and said here i don't want it.
It kinda just goes around randomly, it was supposed to head towards the noise. Kids lost interest cuz they don't need to interact with it for it to work.
Unfortunately the picture easily came up off puzzle piece base. Poor Quality. You had to treat puzzle very delicately. Not Happy
This is so much smaller in person . I thought it would be a little wider like the size of an average snake , more like the siz snake you can buy from the dollar store ! I mean it looks good but I could have found cheaper in the stores!
Not good at all,battery life is not good and the control keeps disconnecting...
I'm dissatisfied with this product it no say an tin this product was in a plastic container the main reason I bought it was because it was suppose to be in a tin box not happy at all
MADE IN CHINA STICKER slapped over Germany. I bought this doll because I thought it was made in Germany. It is well-made, but the advertising is confusing.
I found it disappointing
I got what I paid for. The price was too good to be true. Several balloons were defective and the round puffs were way to hard to assemble.
The colors of these were perfect, however the cost was high for the quality. Packaging states not to inflate by mouth so I chose to use an electric balloon pump, I had no issues with inflating the balloons however they ended up popping very easily. Hours into our party they would randomly burst and it wasn't due to the size of the balloons as we had issues with many of the smaller ones randomly exploding. The talcum powder used for these smelled odd compared to other brands and left a very heavy residue on hands. I also struggled with tying off the ends of the balloons and even ended up ripping some skin off my fingers due to how hard they were to knot (we use balloons often for decoration in large quantities and I've never had this issue before). While I loved the colors I definitely wouldn't recommend this product or repurchase.
Batteries died within one month. Little slides fall out easily.
Falls apart so easily. Constantly having to rebuild it. Needs a sturdier design. Kids love it when it's up, but now it's just a bunch of pieces on the floor.
Broke with first use
Nice hat-fair quality-only it is huge and die to the weight and height won't stay on anyone's head. My husband has a nice big head even and it won't fit or stay on.
Where you hook it to the hose was poorly designed.
I bought this for my son for Christmas last year and it broke 2 days after he opened it. It was really cool at first but the area where the cord goes in broke off and could not be repaired.
I ordered 2 of these (one for my friend and one for me) and BOTH boxes arrived with damaged boxes. They were marked as new and are collectible items so I expected them to be in better condition. Highly disappointed.
The box fell apart, tools are nice.
4 of 12 don't work out of box. 3 are very dim.
We were so excited to give this to our son who had been begging for a robot. We thought it was awesome on day one! He danced, the plungers he shoots went pretty far and he moved pretty fast. However, after just a few uses, the remote broke, and without the remote, the robot wont work. We couldn't find any help to get a replacement remote. I hate being wasteful, and within just a few days of owning, this became a piece of plastic junk. Not worth it!!!
We bought this to send to a friend out of state as part of a surprise birthday gift box. The squishy feature caught our eye and so did the bright and colorful sprinkles. However, to use this the way its intended, you need to actually squeeze it, right? Well, after one or two squeezes, the sprinkles started falling off this thing and basically we had to nix the idea of mailing it to our friend as part of her gift. The idea was awesome since it's really is pretty to look at. Ordinary squishies are sold everywhere and have the same general look and feel so this one seemed unique which is why we bought it. Unfortunately, it was non-returnable so I am stuck with it.
Cheap quality!! Poor finish!!!
wish i had know you can't steer this. not worth the money for us.
looks great, fits great but the volume is garbage. my son has a hard time hearing anything which is frustrating, so he doesnt wear them.
The bottles were smaller than I imagined they would be and many of the tops broke leaving me unable to reuse them.
Hard rubber no grip would never buy them again
Truly a toy... not realistic at all
We bought this boat for my son on his birthday. He was so excited to try it out, picked out the best spot for it and everything, only for it to tilt to the side. He made it steer forward and back, only to sink. We tried placing weights on top to distribute the weight properly, but had no luck. Ended up throwing it in the trash, because nothing worked after sinking. Oh, by the way.. this all happened the first time he used it. only reason i put 2 stars was because it looked cool, other than that total waste of money! very disappointed. Do not recommend, will not purchase again.
You get a lot for you money but they are not durable at all. Fell apart almost immediately.
I ordered this and when I opened the first box it was broken. Amazon processed a return, told me to keep the broken one, and then sent out another one- no big deal. Second one arrived, again broken, and had to receive refund. If you order be cautious- staff will easily break in shipping.
I was excited when I purchased this for my 2-year old son but I was disappointed when I saw the quality of the material used. It would have been better if the toys were made with better quality and not cheap plastic.
Product did not work well. Fluid can came defective.
A lot smaller than I expected
Love the figurine but the box was damaged and falling apart. Will use by itself as a display. Found 1 elsewhere for $5 USD in pristine shape box at a thrift store.
As I expected, these are fakes and scrapers. There were 2 or 3 pins that seem authentic. However, I just needed them for decorating and not for trading, so it worked for me. Do some research on how to spot fakes first. The authentic pin is on the left, fake on the right
One glove was great but the other came with a rip.
Can't believe I paid almost $7 for a hand-sized bear. My daughter loves it, but I was totally mislead on measurements!
My 6 year old played with it once or twice and it just sits there.
They're real cheesy, wouldn't buy it again.
Good pictures, but these pins are REALLY small.
It's a good puzzle but we are missing a piece. If someone could help me out and send this last piece we would greatly appreciate it
Bloated Packaging, came late.
The old machine could be put in a separate room and executed. You have to be close and directly aimed at the machine which ruins the fun and surprise.
I like how pretty it looked on me however, the light did not last long.
Very disappointed little boy who didn't get the stickers he was promised. He even tore apart the package looking for them and asked me to report that someone stole them. No stickers included at all and that was what he wanted more than the coloring books. Very disappointed.
I ordered two inflatable coolers. One had a hole in it and gradually deflated. It was very disappointing. The one that remained inflated was exactly what we wanted.
I Bought is i thought i was getting the display with the Toys on it, but it came with only one. Maybe it is my mistake i should have studied the details more but still i was surprized there was no toys. I think it is too expensive for what it is.
Wish this ball pit had a bit more moxie to it. It is made of that fibrous paper/material. Sides flop out. Wish it had been stronger.
Love the game!! The box was ripped and the tiles were stratched dirty.
Thought using this would be nice to help my 3 year old get started with letters and spelling. It is for the most part what I was looking for but beware, along with simple words like CAR and HAT, you will see SMOKE, GUN, MATCH, CIGAR and WINE. I can maybe understand match but Wine? Cigar? Smoke? Really?
After only having this product for 2 months my daughter is not able to select items, as if it were frozen. We have turned it on and off and gave it a break but nothing. She has not dropped it and no water damage. I was excited for her to have an electronic that would contribute to her learning .
I bought this for my 9 year old for his birthday . It only works sometimes when you point the remote control directly at the spider. I don't understand how it can be labeled a prank toy when it is so loud and the controller can't be more than a foot from it for it to work sometimes. I would return it immediately if my son didn't rip the box open in excitement. very disappointing.
you cannot see out of the mask and it looks and is shaped funny!
The first time I ordered this kit, it came in a handy plastic carrying case. Rather nice I thought. The second time I ordered the same kit, it arrived in a clam-shell cardboard box that had crush damage. I don't think anyone likes gifts arriving with crushed packaging. Other than that, well, kids like slime, so it'll probably go over well?
It is frustrating when you order parts that arrive without the needed hardware to use them. I have ordered from Redcat this mounting platform and its intended servo for our 3 Everest 10 Rock Crawlers to give them rear axle stearing. The mounting platform package does not include the screws that are needed to mount it to the Everest 10 frame....and the servo does not include a servo arm to connect to the stearing arm. So neither product can be used as they are shipped. I've purchased hundreds of RC servos over the past 30 years and this is the first one that has required me to make an additional purchase of a servo arm. While the parts appear to be of good quality, I will not be picking Redcat products as replacements in the future simply because Redcat has decided to not meet the RC industry standard of including the needed hardware to make the part functional.
Needed an air pump for an air mattress. This one is a very cheap plastic thing that I HOPE will last twice. For another 7 bucks I could've gotten better. Stuck now.
there are better brushes on here
Lasted one summer, then disintegrated.
We chose this firefighter costume over others specifically for the pretend radio that is shown in the photos AND listed in the description. It arrived today and there is no radio. The photo of the child on the package pictures the radio but the list of included parts on the package label does not include a radio. Obviously the company changed the costume parts at some point and didn't update the amazon description (or their own photos). My child is disappointed and I'm stuck having to buy a separate toy radio. Had I known it wasn't included I would have just purchased the Melissa & Doug one.
It doesn't have the stuff in the picture! The blue broke!
I ordered and paid for a 24 pack and received 21. did not get my monies worth.
It dident come with everything it said it would
Pole is poorly made. The fish are neat when they light up. Over priced for what you get.
Within a mater of minutes many of the finger lights went out. I expected more for the price.
Nephew loved this piano-however the microphone stopped working just after an hour of use! Everything else still working fine!
Definitely easy to use. But not well made. My wands don't open all the way. Disappointed.
Not worth the outrageous price! Kid liked it of course.
Straps were broken when my daughter opened it, and it was a birthday gift
Very disappointed in the quality and I should of returned it but my daughter asked specifically for a cinnamon roll plushie for her 8th birthday and was thrilled when she opened it. The problem is the busted seam on the top which is about 2 inches long that I didn't expect at this price range. Other than that it is adorable, soft, and squishy but I don't feel good about this purchase.
This ride on toy is too small for my 2 year old. Packaging indicates ages 1 to 6 year old. Not true.
The design is cute but definitely doesn't last and hard to put soap in. Bubble production are starting to slow down and I think it may break soon. Music is too loud and can drive you crazy but it's for kids, not the adults.
Too dark. Hard to read. They get creased too easily. And a bit small.
The raccoons tail came broken off
Broke the 3rd day very flimsy
the fake head and non-removable clothes make the doll uninteresting
My son (7 years old) did not like this once it was completed. It does not work very well. He regrets having spent his birthday money on it.
You get what you pay for. Not all of them shoot and they are falling apart very easily.
I need to return it. It keeps shutting off on it's own. Will try another one
Received the item in 2 days with prime membership. However we were not able to use the toy because batteries where dead or item will not turn on. Haven't got batteries too check toy yet.
Disappointed in the size . Should be bigger for the price it is
Was great but didn't last long for the price I paid. The balance on the crane was slightly off wouldn't move. Fixed that. Then the whole peice snapped off. Easy to tip over. Not worth the price in my opinion.
Great in concept but kids got bored with it quickly.
They are small they also only sent 18, not 20. My son still likes them.
very confusing to assemble, didn't get any directions.
Cheap price equals cheap product. It's fleece-like with random strings of thread hanging down. It is not graduation-robe-polyester-like, which I expected. It's fully open in the front and runs small, so definitely order a size or two larger for a more realistic look. This isn't a product I'd recommend, unless you're on a really tight budget.
I wanted this paper so my son could have something a bit thicker to paint on with watercolors. The description says it's good for painting, but when I got it the paper is pretty thin. No thicker than printer paper or nicer coloring book paper. Not great for a 2.5 year old who is very generous with the water part of watercolor. I am returning.
We finally put it all together and missing 5 pieces from the puzzle and it made it harder to put together with the missing pieces
Too small to thread for my class or myself
some of the marbles were unpolished... returned.
I loved the carry case and the tiles were good color and weight but the tile holder kept falling over, just not sturdy enough. If that could be corrected this item would be awesome. I'm returning mine, it was driving me crazy, the constantly falling over.
Just received these in the mail and immediately opened them up to play. I didn't expect extra batteries, so that's a plus: however, there's a whole row of lights that do not work in two of the modes, and there are individual leds that are considerably dimmer than the rest. I think I paid $10, but for this quality I feel like I overpaid by $5. That being said, I didn't spend a lot of money so I wont bother with the hassle of sending them back, nor will I order from this company again.
These are tiny 1 inch plastic toys, then shouldn't have cost more than $6.
So disappointed. I like the hat but hate that the description is misleading. It did not come with an elastic band as described. That's why I bought it!! Now I have to deal with returns and find another at the last minute.
I used these to give away at a show that we put on. They were smaller than i expected. I also received one what was broke. I would recommend only up to the age 5 maybe 6 depending on the size of child.
Wouldnt buy again the pump came broken and hard to blow a ballon. The balloons are amazing colors but a few were ripped or pop so fast while adding air
The clothes were adequate for the money. The shoes were poorly made and the flowers came off the first time the pink shoes were put on.
Cute toy, but there is a drawer holding all of the slides that is supposed to latch (it says “push to open”), and it does not. So if your kids pick up the microscope, the drawer and all of the slides in it go crashing to the floor. I assumed that the drawer was broken, so I was able to exchange the microscope for a new one, but the second one has the exact same problem and a few of our slides are scratched up as a result of the drawer falling out on the kitchen floor. We are keeping a rubberband around it to hopefully keep this from happening again!
This product fell apart quickly. Not highly recommended
NOT what I expected. When I was a kid the cases fit cars better. These days they are more difficult to get all the larger cars into more slots
My 9 year old daughter begged for this for her birthday. She loved it! However, I knew it would be small which was fine but we expected it to last longer. The day we gave it to her she played with it quite a bit. Sadly the on and off buttons didn't work. It plays loud music with no volume control. So if you want the music to stop if you turn it off it does nothing and the music still plays. It got to the point where the claw was stuck in the drop position. We did let the music stop and sometimes when we started it over it would eventually pull the claw back up. It also makes a loud grinding noise when it goes back to the home position before it drops the toy. I wish it was made better.
I bought this as convenience not as a do it yourself project, you have to make the hanging koosh balls and string the happy Birthday sign, it would be nice for that information to be there before buying the product, not cool.
This is my first ever negative review! I am disappointed with this game. I have the old version and thought I would get our 10 year old grandkids the new version. The container is very hard to open and awkward to shake and the cards can't be read without a magnifying glass. While size and packaging would be good for traveling, that is not what I purchased this for and I would not recommend this product.
So along as I stick to charging batteries, I works fine. As soon as I connect a USB cable, it starts making a crazy noise like the fan is hitting on something. I will just stick to DJI product. I am very disappointed.
These markers are like all the other crayon markers. Don't be fooled by the pretty package. They bleed real bad through the paper too!
The item was bought as new and the bag looks used and dingy.
I bought three bags, but only the same fish. Is it really random? I want both ends of the second row from the bottom, are you really in there?
Love the color scheme but not great quality. The pattern on the palms wore off after 1 game
Was only going to give one star because my package arrived with only 6 of the 10 mice, but will give 2 stars because my cat likes them.
Tubes ripped out after the first use. Not worth the $40.
I was excited to get these crayons for my daughter, but sorely disappointed when I opened the bubble envelope they were sent it. Because the envelope wasn't structured, the box was crushed/banged up during shipping and the lid/flap on both sides of the box was sort, almost all the way across, making it worthless for storing the crayons in. Hopefully the seller changes their shipping method for this product and sends it in a more structured and protected package when they ship the replacement and future orders for other folks.
We bought these to entertain my toddler on an international flight. While they initially loved them, they did not last long enough for me to even consider purchasing them again. There were way too many small pieces just begging to get lost. Which many did. Really quickly. They also only stuck a couple times before they just got too dirty and wouldn't work anymore. It seems they tried to pack in too much. Less is really more. For $5 each, I would have hoped for an activity that would have lasted at least until our return flight, but this was gone before we landed. I would have expected this quality from a dollar store, not from Melissa and Doug.
It is just cheap and to light to even look good...
Box on the item was ripped
This mini-pool had so many areas that required air; our brand new electrical pump over-heated. Clearly the pump has issues. But the product description/ details didn't describe it as requiring so much air. The material did appear to be sturdy. But this was way more pool than was advertised.
Cheap product.... The eggs were connected and where they separated had sharp points...
Wing fell off after using a few times.
Pants were off color from the cap and shirt. Would have returned if they weren't needed for an event.
Lids do not fit very tight.
I wouldn't have bought this if I had seen it prior. Everything fell apart very quickly and the mirror was a fake one it wasn't very clear.
Cute but very very veryy small. I used them for a sorting hat selection. The sticker was also not very sticky. Most of the guest lost theirs within an hour.
Super bummed. My daughter tried on the costume and there was a run in the belt and the stitching is coming apart. If it wasn't falling apart before she even got to wear it I would have thought it was super cute. Unfortunately she has a party tomorrow and I don't have time to return it and get a replacement.
I can't tell you how long it took me to assemble the helmet. I had to put it down on the first try (AFTER my husband tried) because I just didn't have time. It is ridiculously hard to put the two pieces together because there are several connecting points that have to be aligned perfectly before it gets locked in. Because it's a flexible plastic, the points wouldn't stay aligned and it took considerable strength to push the parts together to lock in, once they were aligned. It was so frustrating. The helmet was one reason we chose this costume for a school presentation. And it was a hit, I will say that but it was so frustrating to assemble and I'm just glad I had the time to sit down with it. The jumper was fine but it is see-through. So be prepared to wear something underneath. My son wore skinny jeans and a T-shirt underneath.
Extremely cheap! Fell apart same day as we put it together.
Broke within two days. Very disappointed
The seeds all grew fine. Every flower on all of them is WHITE.
Very cool little car but broke in 2 month, the charger will not charge it anymore.
The batteries died in 1 day. Was cool for about 6 hours then batteries died and lights are useless.
What is this a night stand for dolls? I'm so disappointed I saw the size dimensions, but I still anticipated it being bigger than it actually was. Not even the size of a toddler bed And it was difficult to put together. I would return it but then I have to take it apart and ship it back. 2 stars cause the colors are great and my toddler likes that it matches his car bed.
I think we would have liked this game better if we didn't already see the show. The questions all seem to be from the TV episodes, so if you've seen those, you will already know the answers.
Fun to style but nails done change color, which was a huge disappointment for my niece
When received, the case for the dominoes was already coming apart. Poor quality. Sent message to supplier asking for replacement box but have not heard back yet. The dominoes are fine, just poor quality for box.
It comes in a very big box, but the content is very poor. Over priced
I found them easy to use but the tree had a hard time working. Sometimes it would turn on and other time not at all. Was overall disappointed in the item. The description picture is fairly close to the actual product. just wished it worked better.
Don't bother. Find another manufacturer. The top 3 cubes are a different shade of pink than the bottom 7 cubes. It shipped from China and if I had known that, I would not have purchased. Took about 2 weeks or longer to arrive. I gave them 2 stars as the size of the cubes is very precise. Color, shipping, etc - a big fail. But, of course, I'm not going to waste more money shipping it all the way back to China.
Pieces break easily. I have several broken letters.
Can't write a review about this product because I never received it. It says it was handed directly off to me but it wasn't so not sure what happened to the package. It was for my granddaughter as one of her Christmas gifts so I just had to go purchase her something else. Not blaming the seller so hard to give it star rating
Can't wait to see if they screw it up twice! Now my son, who ordered this with his own money, has to sit here another 3 days to see if they can send the right one. The product is fine, but I'm unimpressed with this seller so far.
This is poor quality, however I gave it two stars instead of one for the following reason: If you are just learning how to use one and don't want to risk crashing an expensive one, this is the ticket. You can learn how to fly one and learn how to navigate through obstacles it is great for that. I am ready to move on to a better one. So for the money it was worth it.
My 12 y.o. bought these with a gift certificate he received for Christmas. Not much bang for the buck. They're extremely small and he's extremely disappointed.
The commercial for this cute and seemed like a neat game. It isn't. They have a great advertising jingle but the game doesn't live up the hype or really even work well enough to be fun. I would skip this
Really weird to cock. The gun is missing the appropriate size to allow for the cocking mechanism. Jams hands.
It's a dad. Dolls are small and color change in hot or cold water. Accessories not that great. Girl still loved it but was way over priced.
One is wonderful, the other didn't hold air overnight and I can't find where it is leaking.
Very difficult. Pieces not cut well, backing peeling off. Pieces didn't "lock" well. One of the few puzzles we didn't finish from sheer frustration. Back to Ravensburger and White Mountain.
Not at all magnetic like you think
I ordered these as a give away at a health fair and had searched for stress balls. They were much smaller than expected and not an option as a stress ball at all. These were also not eligible for return.
Pathetic. My boy ordered this and was so excited to get it... and now VERY DISAPPOINTED!
This dress is very cheaply made even for the price. Very short and the shoulder was ripped. The only good thing I could say about it was the color was nice
I have dozens of White Mountain puzzles for a puzzle club that I run at school and have noticed the quality has been deteriorating lately. It used to be that you could work on a section of the puzzle, ease that section onto an index card and then slide it in and connect it to the larger puzzle. I can't do that with this puzzle. If you put together a section of say 6 pieces and then try to slide that chunk onto a card, they fall apart. It's just awful how loose they are. It ruined the fun of this one. Unfortunately, it seems they are going cheap now and the quality of these once great puzzles is going down. This is the second puzzle that I got recently that has such loosely connected pieces.
These balls were fun to make, but my kids could only play with them for a day or two. They dried out really quickly and were as hard to bounce as rocks. Also, the box says it makes up to 43 balls? Maybe if you only used the smallest mold. I think that's pretty misleading.
It will be 2 years that I have had this on July 8 and it won't reverse anymore. For the price, this thing should last 5 years with no problems. My 5 year old barely rode it.
I've many superhero figures, these were on the cheap side!
Would not stay together
I was very disappointed that this binder did not have pockets on the insides of the front and back. My daughter collects Pokémon cards and likes to play the game. Pockets would be extremely useful to hold the collection tracking sheets as well as some of the other things that go with the game like her play mat. Now I will need to find another way to store those things outside of the binder. I would not have purchased this binder had I known there were no pockets. Another word of caution, although this is not the sellers fault. This binder was shipped in a box with several other things and was unfortunately right up against the top of the box. My husband was not aware of everything that was in the box and sadly cut into the binder when opening it. I am not blaming anyone for this just wanted to remind people to be very careful when opening your boxes.
The crayons themselves were cool but, my pack was ripped, missing 2 crayons and had a broken one. The little pack of crayons was put in a big box with no other packaging. Needless to say the pack must have bounced around in the big box and opened, spilling most of the crayons out. I'm assuming the two missing ones fell out the hole in the bottom of the box under one of the flaps.
This puzzle is a disappointment from the get go. The pieces are very thin and small and do not hold together well. I would rather spend a bit more money and get quality.
We received a damaged castle. A piece of the roof is bowed so it doesn't lay flat, the wood is damaged on a piece of the floor, and the screw holes didn't line up right so the steps wouldn't go on like they are suppose to so we had to screw them down. We would have returned it but it was a "santa" gift so we couldn't.
Pretty but many defects
It was smaller than it looked, made very poorly and cheap. It definitely is not the hasbro link 2.0 model quality or specifications.
The strap is I'll placed, and goes right over the eye that is not covered. Cheap quality, and strap is too short. They'll be okay, for short wear.
Very fragile base, broke the first day. Super cheap.
The outfit is really cute and well made. Problem is that the shoes shown on the website picture were not included in the package(s) I received . I bought two of these outfits for my twin granddaughters and the shoes were missing in both packages, which leads me to believe the shoes were not left out accidentally.
Was fun, but kinda dangerous for kids to do alone. Included boiling water, plus being close to boiling water while stirring with miniature (included) tools. Not extremely happy, I put myself in the burn line and not the kids, and it was not nice:( kid friendly kits should be more kid friendly (like without the boiling water) just saying!
My husband is an avid fart bomb buyer, buying them several times a year. These are not the usual bags he would get even though they look similar. They are a lot smaller and do not smell bad for very long at all. I would not recommend.
Received with the paint poorly applied. The paint was smeared and misaligned.
Looks good but the touch sensitivity is majorly lacking. No where near as sensitive as it was without this on.
Drone arrived, charged battery up with charger battery would not charge in drone. It flew some what better. The drone has a lot of drift when you want it to hover you are constantly working to control the drift. moo
This one is not good at all. The quality is not good. It has not been used for long before it is bought. It is not as good as I thought. It is very bad.
The yoyo keeps leaning to one side, i think something is wrong with the bearing.
The puzzle was nice, the picture quality was okay, but like other people have said, it was missing pieces! I do not recommend this puzzle for that reason.
This truck is not drive ready out of the box by any means. You may get up to 10 minutes of drive time I training mode. Very fun and fast but if you don't have multiple batteries, then the fun ends very abruptly.
Tent bars came broken. Can't find a way to contact seller for replacement. Will they see this?
My son loves these rubber animals, he plays with his ocean and lizard sets daily. I ordered the frogs to add to his collection, despite the fact the previous set of lizards ordered had arrived completely stuck together. I figured it was a fluke, mistakes happen, one time thing. I was wrong..... my son opened the package and the first frog that he pulled out was missing a limb, completely detached not in the bag. What a disappointment two bad orders isn't an oversight.
The horses are Breyer, so you know the models are going to be nice. I am a huge fan of Cloud and have seen all the documentaries. The markings on the horses match the real horses perfectly. The low rating is because the Breyer box came completely destroyed. Smashed. The shipping box was fine and it had packing material so it appears to have been like this before shipping. The horses inside aren't broken but this was extremely disappointing. I'm just glad I didn't buy this to give as a gift.
Super cute, huge and fun. But the body broke after one pool use. In a backyard pool. We can't find the hole, but every time we refill it with air, within 2 hours it's almost flat again.
The pictures are really nice, with hidden items the kids like to discover, but after only one use, some of the pictures where ruined.
We've ordered a lot of trains for our son. This one is for his birthday, so I can't open it all the way for another week to see if it will work, but you can tell this package was already opened and re-glued to look new. I will make another review when we open it up all of the way and put batteries in it. My problem is, if I order new, I want to receive a new product.
This item is very difficult to put together. The directions provided are very vague.
pack had only 11 bags instead of 12. Not of great quality.
Everything states that this is a set of 5 hangers including the label on the box. However, only 3 are in each box. I ordered 4 boxes expecting 20 hangers and only received 12.
This squishy is a lot smaller than I thought and it doesn't have a scent.
Was not happy that it was smaller than it looked online
Didn't receive the color i ordered. Disappointed about that.
You get what you pay for 🤷🏻‍♀️
I was quick to buy this as I wanted to get it next day and didn't have much time to buy, but upon receiving the item, we came to realize that it was a cheap item. The stickers were cut incorrectly (more like without care) as some of them were literally cut where we only got half of the sticker. The toy overall keeps the kid happy though I would have expected more "pony" from a "Pet Pony Learning Center..." other than a cheap plastic pony and the rest of the kit being dogs. Just my input, take it with a grain of salt as each individuals result is different.
Not what i was expecting poor quality not worth the buy
Doesn't do anything but Cry. Boring toy. Although it is really cute looking
Caps come off very easily and the stamps dry out.
I really like the design and functionality of this toy a lot. But in January, less than a year after purchasing it, it is no longer working. A light is flashing and it won't turn on or off. It does not appear to be a battery issue. My kids are not hard on it and I feel as though it should be more durable.
Cute tattoos but incredibly overpriced
This is a very cheap product and would not recommend for little kids. The hub caps fall off (choking hazard) and the whole wheel axle comes off which leaves a wheel attached to a sharp point somewhere around your house.
Fun to have around, but they are too small for my fingers (and I don't have big fingers!). The elastic rides up into the puppet so you have to dig around, and they don't stay on even children's fingers well. There is also a pink elephant/pig? Some of the animals are hard to identify.
One side broke on the first day.
Cheaply made, broke right out of the package...
There was a bug laminated onto the map! Returning but undecided if repurchasing, as price has went up.
The wood pieces are very tight when assembled and they splintered off the first time the two parts were joined together -.making it really usable because the trains can't go into the openings where the wood is uneven
I purchased these as a gift to go with Barbie dolls I am donating to a children's charity. I bought 2 brands to see which I liked best. They cost the same, and I have many more dolls for which I need to buy clothes. Some of these clothes were made of materials so thick that I doubt they will fit around the doll's waist - they barely fit around my thumb. Also these heavy materials frayed and had strings hanging everywhere. They should have been serged. I received everything I was promised, but I would not purchase these again. I imagine a little girl that doesn't have a doll won't mind, but I am sad to be giving these. I will be purchasing my other Barbie clothes from a different vendor.
This mega pack looks like a good deal and came up when I searched for white shrinky dink paper but it is clear. I didn't even use it bc I wanted white.
I bought this item for my daughter who is three for Christmas it's cute but here's my issues: 1) when you put the doll in the water her tiny vest crumbles into a messy mush basically which has attached to it a tiny plastic bag with the dolls real outfit inside I didn't exactly realize the tiny vest would make such a mess so beware of that 2) It leaks even with the plug tightly fit into it It's still a very cute doll, it's very squishy. I find that cute, you may find it gross so I don't know. I liked it because it reminded me of my 90s dolls but maybe there's more than a couple reasons why water babies went out of style? tbh I wish I had gotten my daughter a baby alive doll instead of this.
Very cheaply made. Fell apart quickly.
Received my bubbler and was extremely excited until I noticed a corner of the box was wet. When I took it out the container had a bunch of tiny cracks.
This is a fun idea and the robot is cute and his dancing is entertaining but it is way too loud and plays the same song. I ended up taking out the batteries.
These stress ball were fun but NOT at all durable. It took less than two days for my 5 year old to rupture the inner capsule containing the slime. He was not being rough with the stress ball. Will likely return all three.
Came folded and out of the package. It's a cool design and the fabric part is decent quality. Would have liked to have opened my own package and for it not to have been folded in fours... now it's all weird looking ... didn't want to put it outside like that so I hung it I front of my bathroom... 😂 at least I got a laugh out of it!
Super cute, but front part broke way too easily.
Came half-off and looked terrible after washing hands once.
Some of the slime was hard. The other sooo sticky its not usable. Very disappointing. My daughter had waited days for this and its barely usable.
I wore the gloves last night around the neighborhood as part of a Halloween costume and the plastic lights in the fingertips broke in 3 of the fingers. I'm not sure what caused this as I was only walking around with my kid. The lights still work, but I can feel the broken plastic, not a great experience.
Its cute with the little pieces it comes with and is a nice set up in all but the only thing is the little knob things for the kitchen shelf things broke right off every time i go to open it and the top shelf for the refrigerator doesnt go or fit all the ways in. Very cheap and not worth it
Per my 10 yr old son: I think we deserve a new pack. The pack provided didn't have tag teams, GX's. This is an outrage.
It was ripped down the middle
I ordered these stairs and ramps for my boys' Christmas present so they could have more creativity with their building, but the wrong product was delivered. Instead, I was sent Shape Mags Mega Stabilizer Set. I paid a hefty $30 for shipping and import taxes, effectively doubling the cost of this item, and I do not want to have to be responsible for paying the return shipping for the store's mistake. I even tried to refuse delivery, telling DHL that it was the incorrect product (it was not shipped in a brown box or any outer layer box), but DHL said I would have to file a claim with the seller. I am hoping the seller will make this right. Right now when I try to file for a return/exchange, I get this message from Crystal Deals, the store: "We'll refund up to $15.00 in return shipping costs once we receive the item. Print the return shipping label anytime from Your Orders or your email." However, $15 won't come close to covering the shipping from the Czech Republic to the USA. Please fix the mistake without punishing the customer, Crystal Deals!
Cheaply made, way smaller than expected.
I tried to use this product for the first time at a lake sandbar with little to no wake. When the cups are all set up, they're all uneven enough in height that it makes the game extremely difficult (you'd be better off just using a floating mat). Within the first 20 minutes of use, a hole opened up in the seam between the cooler and the main section. I decided to return the product and the company made the return process very simple and easy. Even though I was upset with this particular product, I would shop with this company again because of their simple return process and good customer service.
I did not receive the item by the estimated delivery date of November 22nd, so I contacted the seller on November 28th and they offered a full refund (which is why I gave a 2 star rating). The item ended up being delivered December 5th, however it is NOT the Original Tamagotchi, it is a knock off from China or wherever. Very disappointed!!
These are great however mine came damaged. The clear coat was peeling off so when my daughter would play with the stickers it makes it worse. Otherwise I love these.
This toy is relatively expensive considering you get three trucks and tools. Unfortunately, the trucks seem very cheaply made. One of the parts was cracked when we received it but still functional so we didn't try to return it. Overall, the plastic isn't very durable. The trucks are pretty cool once they're put together, but I was disappointed in the quality.
For $70, this is a rip off. My nephew played it for about 10 minutes and was done with it. Cheaply made and now that I've seen it, I'd be hard pressed to pay $7 for it.
We have not been able to play this game because it is missing pieces. It only came with the cards. There are no marker pieces.
I was excited to find dry erase markers in such a wide variety of colors, I keep track of a lot one my calender. I was very disappointed by the lack of vibrancy of these! The colors are very faint, and hardly show up.
it came with his nose peeled off. I didn't have time to return it because it was a gift for my son for Christmas. thankfully his only 2 and doesn't notice things like that.
The box was not well packed!! The box first was BULGING, one came opened and I got one of them completely mangled and ripped as if someone tried to open it from the bottom. I had to contact amazon for a refund and reorder. Hopefully this next one will be in better shape.
Cute but Small for the price. Plus need to pay for helium to fill it.
Im afraid that im going to crack the wings if i try and put them in the holder :( wish there was a bit more play in the plastic
Very flexible which is great. But it doesn't keep lunch cool for long
Cheap. Breaks really easy.
We have the same problem as the other reviewer: NO INSTRUCTIONS! So we are left guessing where these lights should go. We managed to get one string installed by looking at pictures, but can't figure out what to do with the other string. we recognize the potential of this kit in turning our millennium falcon look amazing, but without instructions it has been frustrating
Review for 2 items: F1 Maintenance Station & F1 Racing Light Blue & Transporter both have missing parts, instructions are not clear at all, bricks don't fit well - shame we really wanted this to be great. purchased as a Christmas gift - we purchased all 4 available in this series - Maintenance Station and Transporter had same issue - we didn't build the race cars yet
Gave these to my kindergarteners for an end of the year gift. The lens on the sunglasses are extremely blurry. It looks like they're all dirty when looking through them :(
The squishy is fine. It took forever to come though, and the squishy came with rips :(
Defective. Will not assemble properly because of missing pieces.
I bought this set because not all seasons of The Middle are available to stream here on Amazon, and the $100 asking price was reasonable compared to buying the last 4 seasons separately. But while the cover art on each season touts subtitles in 3 languages and scads of special features, not a single disc in any season offers access to special features and subtitles aren't available on any disc til season 7, and even then only in English. There's also an odd spot here and there on the discs where the episode will stutter, freeze, or is missing. I've counted 3 instances of this so far and I've still got a season and a half to watch. There's no problem at all with the actual content; The Middle is a great show. But I'm extremely wary of this seller and thought any future buyers might want to know this set could be less than authentic. TL;DR: Probably pirated material.
This was displayed as a Funko Pop with the photos and description. It is not a Funko Pop! Beware
product quality is good but its missing the tool that takes out the tooth.
Some of the pieces were a little janky, mario looks a little surprised to be in this box lol. For a collectors set, I think quality is important.
Made very cheaply. Plastic, thin. I am sure my nephew has probably broke it by now. So flimsy
Looked 30 years old and had some stuffing coming out of seam lines.
That same one sound is annoying. Different sounds would be nice.
Really cute and great idea for tool on learning states. Unfortunately, the adhesive that holds the state to the magnet, does not...hold the state to the magnet. It peels off while trying to put the states on the fridge. Just peels right off. Good idea and very colorful but won't last the test of time for kids learning experience.
Box came absolutely destroyed, torn up and crushed. Lucky I keep my pops in a display case otherwise I wouldn't be able to keep this at all.
Just received this to give to my niece and as I was putting it together I noticed 1 lock was broken and even if it wasnt they are too long to actually work as a lock. Someone needs a tape measure. It shows a button for the canopy to snap to the stroller to secure it and that is missing as well. It looks nice but I have to see if I can return it and get something else by tomorrow
Schleich is supposed to be all hand painted and are usually very well done. The painting on these is pretty poor quality.
The pieces don't really stay in place when you tilt it. The right side of it keeps the pieces in place, but any pieces in the middle or left of it move. Very disappointing considering I only bought this to be able to storage the puzzle when I'm not working on it. So I wasted $50 to just keep the puzzle pieces in a flat box.
Was much larger than expected and much more fragile than anticipated. Arrived as expected.
I thought i liked the idea of this product so bought it . It would be good only under supervision. I returned it . A baby who is only learning to crawl could get hurt if not carefull . The turtle/ tortoise on top rotates and can hit the head , eye . Another reason for returning was there was shapes and numbers on it but only song for numbers and the bird wouldn't work , which probably was for the shapes.
Kids don't care about it. Rather boring tiny thing collecting dust....
tips fall off easy. i bought these in the past and they were great.. this batch not as good
This Bear is cute, but it said in the description that it was 20". As you can see in my photo I attached, it is almost 12". That is a huge difference to me.
It's nice that it came with all of the pieces of wood and the pencils but it's very irritating that you can't control temperature. The pen gets too hot to handle after about ten minutes, so an hour long project can take more like 6 hours if you're not in the mood to get third degree burns on your hands.
It only last for a day or two before peeling off her nails
My cow does not moo, my rooster does not cock-a-doddle-doo, and my pig has to be squeezed extra hard to get it to make noise. My cow has a small hole in it by the tail. The animals are very small. Very disappointed!
The penguin canon worked fine. However both of the other two did not have a hole in the valve for the helium to go into. I had to poke holes in them in order to fill them up. One had a leak in the seam at the top of the balloon.
The product didn't come with the shark balloons. I'm not happy.
THE COLOR DOES NOT MATCH THE PICTURE! It's a very light and odd color of brown.
Too pricey for such a small plush. It is not 7 inches.
Pen stopped working after 1 week.
The Halloween Barbie was fine but the broom was cardboard and not an accessory as expected AND the witches' hat can only sit on the head as shown because of the way it is designed. I gave it to my granddaughter whose birthday is on Halloween. Initially, she was thrilled then we saw the drawbacks so it'll be added to the toy box sooner than later.
I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for so I shouldn't have been surprised when 3 of the 4 tiaras center jewel hearts came off within 10 minutes of opening the package. I was able to stick them back on with nail glue but i don't suggest buying these if you want them to last more than one wear
They do not hold together as strongly as Duplo blocks. We have both, and had high hopes for these, but they were just dashed when my son's creation wouldn't hold together very well. Yep, it was these blocks. I tested numerous times, and the Duplos were stronger.
Very thin latex. I would probably send a little more to get a better quality balloon.
These are small and more like a 9" ball.
There's nothing necessarily wrong with this drawing tablet, it's just so simple. You only get one color to choose from and one more to color in. The screen is not lit, so you can't draw in any darkness whatsoever and the entire tablet just feels incredibly flimsy. It's incredibly overpriced for only one feature that is executed poorly, but kids will get some entertainment out of it. My suggestion is to bring it to a restaurant and give it to your child to stay calm while you're waiting for your food.
Very low quality, but that's to be expected. You get what you pay for... not much.
This was a gift and one of the heads was out :( Overall great product
they all stopped working in a matter of 3 months. And i use them inside the house. They are not even exposed to sun and heat
My game arrived as expected and was nicely packaged by Amazon. However, the game itself was clearly damaged with abrasions and a clear cut mark on the game box. The shipping packaged lacked any damage at all. Clearly someone knowingly shipped me a damaged product. That person should be fired. Two stars to the seller.
These puzzles are really small. I think my 3 year old would be more interested in them if they were bigger. The pieces are so little and he has a hard time putting them together.
The company emailed me 3 times for a review so here it is. The rim is flimsy plastic. The balls let water in and don't drain. Who makes a water toy where it's almost impossible to get the water out! The balls are also really hard and not squishy. I would not recommend this product.
Good for a class event or quick Halloween but not good for dress up. Skirt pilled almost immediately.
The eggs are an odd size; not as big as "normal" plastic eggs and not the size of mini eggs. The print on the eggs was washed out and faded to the point that I cannot use them for my intended purpose - an Easter egg hunt. Maybe they are useable as decoration. Very disappointed. I had to replace them.
white parts from the rings and sticks fell off in the pool.
It was really cheaply made and the soccer ball was way too small
A bit disappointed. As you can see in the pictures, the blue paint spills over the lines and looks very sloppy. Also - it was difficult to photograph - but there's scratches and dents on the other side. Unfortunately I needed this to give as a gift too soon to be able to return or exchange.
Cute set, but not much paint. I love the contained set with secure close lid. My young daughter used up several colors after only two uses. She is young and mostly just going through the motions instead creating complicated works of art. But super disappointed and will go back to crayola brand, last much longer imo.
How do you work this thing??? I just want to stick the money in- not play with it!! It would be nice if the puzzle box came open and ready to ‘stuff' with the trap door out of the product! I just spent half an hour on uTube trying to figure out how to open the bottom just to put the money in to give to my son! And I still can't open it!! I leave for the airport in 4 hours and believe it or not, rolling a little metal ball around a maze in order to gift wrap my present is not something I have the time or the patience for! Plan B is to give him the cash in an envelope and give him the maze on the side to have him open it for the next time I want to try and use it. No instructions, just a marketing pamphlet for their products. Seriously annoying!!!
The plastic that is supposed to be around the neck seems a little too rough for my liking
Broke a couple days after getting it without abuse. Forgot about it until now.
It's a neat idea and looks great when it works.... too hard for a seven year old to do... the plastic sides are sharp.
I made the mistake of ordering due to the high star reviews and the fact it has a unicorn. This thing is so small and way too expensive for what it is. I could get one twice the size for the same price. Disappointed.
Smaller than expected and the metal is somewhat sharp. Had one before and the ends were nice and smooth, but not on this one. Our old one was larger as well and just worked better. Disappointed in this.
Floats upside down when inflated but does have spots to tie it down
Was good while it lasted. It's been 6 months. Was great foto my daughter to get into her bed. But today when my 2yo was climbing down from her bed- the step BROKE. From the weight of a two year old.
When I got this car, it was so small. Its better to get it for a 3 year old instead of an 8yr old.
The quality of product is bad. The instructions are not clear. Added some extra bricks from LEGO to make body stronger.
The fountain of water was too tall, kept squirting right out of the tub when toy was tipped at all, toddler was only entertained by it for a couple days, batteries didn't last very long.
The screen came cracked in the corner.
Broke within 1 week, weak material/plastic. Very easy for children to break - will not last.
Beautiful challenging puzzle. I was looking forward to gluing it together to hang in a bedroom upstairs. BUT IT IS MISSING ONE PIECE. I know I didn't drop any. My room is very tidy. Dogs don't eat anything like that. It's not under anything. The box had to have been short one piece. And the company does not replace individual pieces. They apologize for the inconvenience, though. Ridiculously frustrating to spend that much time and not be able to complete it. I will have to throw it away because I can't gift or donate it with a piece missing.
I liked the size and colors of the squishies, but the paint on the hamburger is already peeling off. I wouldn't recommend them for smaller children that still put things in their mouth.
Granddaughter wasn't too fond of the doll. It had some problems working and actually looked quite spooky with the glowing eyes. I wouldn't recommend it.
I ordered this toy for Christmas for my 9 yr old, and we finally got to it, were able to assemble a robot, but motor does.not work. Tried changing batteries, still does not work, very frustrating! Please connect me to manufacturer for possible motor replacement. Thanks, Maya
Smaller than I had anticipated.
Much smaller than I expected
Nice to go with baby shower decor but could not blow up with mouth had a horrible chemical smell and taste when blowing up so we didnt use.
This was supposed to be a two pack with both puzzles. We only received one puzzle with the extremity body parts. We did not recieve the internal organ body parts; the wrapping even started "2 pack". Buy elsewhere folks.
Item described as 24 cm, so I was expecting the 9” size. However I received the 6” size.
Many duplicates. Save your money.
My son saw this and HAD to keep it but it is just so small It's only going to fit him for a very short time. He's 3yrs old. Dissapointed
Cheap boat...not that good
The tail is not a solid piece. Not sure if the one I got was faulty or what but the fin broke off in my hand and wouldn't "snap" back together. Was a gift for my granddaughter and needless to say, had to get her something else.
Broke after using it one time. Laser stopped working, even tried changing batteries.
The charger doesnt fit, it flies and can be positioned to charge properly, but very inconvenient. I do enjoy flying it though, and if you can manage to keep the charger in for 30-40 minutes its enjoyable. For about 7 minutes though.
It says you get both planeswalker decks and i got two of the same. With little to no support on how to fix this problem.
I got these for Christmas for my 3 year old nephew. While they are cute and he does love them they do not fit his fingers at all really and they fall off easily.
I have not yet received the "Mommy To Be" White Lace Sash and "Dad To Be" Pin Pack. On-line it stated that it was delivered on April 8th accompanied by the 2 Grandma To Be Pins in the residence mailbox. I received the 2 Grandma To Be Pins but not the other order. Please check into this matter ASAP. Perhaps its a delay or mishap.
Item was as expected. The item did look like it had been taken out of the box and or used before arrival. Bullseye had some dirty spots which is strange for being considered 'new', the box was also damaged and dirty. Not in the condition expected.
arrived damaged and looked used, paint was scratched off the head
These are way softer than the original ones. They don't go as far either I'm assuming cuz they're lighter than the original ones
The Roy's are in good condition however, the container itself arrived badly damaged. The is it came in was fine so it really looked like it was shipped this way. It's really a shame, it was a pretty cool little setup, and my son would have loved it.
This thing looks awesome, and it is a great sculpt. The issue I had is that the leg broke off as soon as I took it out of the packaging. I understand these are cheaper figures compared to what Hasbro and other manufacturers are putting out, but I would have hoped for better materials, instead of the ultra cheap ball joints that snapped like toothpicks. No way a child would be able to play with these. The rubber band joints He-Man had were better. That's not a good thing. Shame on you Funko.
This literally broke the same day my son opened it on Christmas morning. Disappointed in the quality.
This vendor should be removed from Amazon for selling a deceptive product. The advertisement of this product on the Amazon website and the box that the product arrives in is not representative of what is inside the box. There are a series of warning labels displayed on the tail end of the alligator. This product description on the Amazon website does not state there are warning labels and it does not show it in the photo. Unless you dig through all the reviews a buyer could not possibly be aware of that fact that the product is misrepresented. I'm disappointment in the product and in Amazon for not correcting this problem. Buyer beware!
I bought this for a grandchild to start learning to collect stamps... The ad said "May Contain Duplicates" so I figured lets take a poke at this and see what happens.... In the bag was lots of duplicates and the highest duplicate count was 15 of the same stamp..... I was appalled at how many different duplicates was packaged in this lot.... The raven said "Never More"
It barks constantly if you have it on. Not as interactive as I thought is would be from pictures and videos. Totally not worth the amount of money. $120 or so that it is priced at
Fun idea. I bought it and was hoping to love it and have it be a great toy for my girls but we do not like how it does not stay together easily and the flowers just fall out.
My son was so excited about this ball and it lasted an entire hour until it hit the ceiling fan and broke apart and we could not figure out how to put it back together
Meh, it's ok. Sometimes it works great other times, even when there is plenty of bubble liquid, it blows very few bubbles. For the price I expected a little more.
Cute, but very scratchy. Runs big and fits odd. We returned it.
These aren't as detailed or colorful as the picture.
The items i received are not what's shown on the picture. Everything was just thrown in the shipping bag, some items not even in their original box, just loose. No whoopie cushion, no bar bug, no drink sludge thing, not what was advertised, not what was expected, not worth $26. I could have spend less at the dollar store for twice as many things.
This thing is tiny. Bought for my husbands halloween costume and it's not going to work.maybe if he was 2 years old. The dimensions are about 11 or 12 inches. He could barely put his hand in the handle.
Less than 5 minutes after installation of the axle it broke. Not sure if there was a defect or what. I would recommend buying extra axle shafts with this perchase!
Way too overpriced might as well go to walgreens or something for some hotwheels
My 6 yr old grandson loved painting the planets. Using a book on planets, he worked hard to recreate his favorite planets (& sun). However, creating the mobile was impossible for him. The elastic cord provided would not hold a knot (white glue to the rescue), the cardboard frame to hang the planets is flimsy and totally useless. Save your money and buy a few styrofoam balls for pennies and paint away!
One of the slime barrels was broken open and slime spilled in the box. Not cool.
Balloons were delivered over 1 week late and smell sour when the package was opened.
I bought two of these for my boys. Within the first day a tuning knob broke. Not satisfied with my purchase.
Box is totally smashed
It says it is scented it's not and it's not as big as it's looks in the pictures
Made of cardboard, curls up on the end Disappointed
I let myself believe this was a good deal. You absolutely get what you pay for. This was made for a child. It's absolutely too small for adults. I really just needed the chin and nose. I'm going to make it work. Hat is cheesy. Nails look like they came out the bubblegum machine, and the teeth can't be worth more than 5 cent LoL
These were cute, until I washed them. The colors faded, some of the pieces tore off. Buzz looks terrible. Woody looks slightly better. My kids sadly don't like playing with them anymore. :(
Remote control stick broke on day 1. A few weeks later the bottom of the car separated form the top, and it went in the garbage. Takes this with a grain of salt because it was a 4 year old playing with it.
This fidget product is too expensive. The $1.00 can get costly with shipping prices included and definitely overpriced. Product quality was fine, despite the 2-month wait.
Top is too loose and display turns off too much.
No magnification from binoculars. Just two pieces of glass. Butter fly net is so small you could not catch anything. Light is ok and compass.
It came without a net? Not usable.
When I ordered it they stated that the packaging was damaged but all the animals were there. I received 64 out of 72.
Ink was dried out on a lot of the stamps.
The quality of this product was not what I expected for the price I paid. Sure, it comes with lots of little gadgets but they are for pretend only - none of them are sturdy enough for actual usage outside. My son tried to use his rake to move some dirt around in our raised bed garden and it bent where the tool meets the stake - eventually breaking completely after that. The pieces are fairly flimsy and it is pretty small even for my 2 year old.
These sneakers did not hold up to walking. They lasted only 3 months.
I brought this for my 4 year old granddaughter, she was excited to put it on, the makeup was not very good, little cheesy, couldn't see it on her face.
My kid got bored of it after 1 hour. Haven't played with it since Christmas day. Also, the cars are constantly flying off the track.
These are awesome and my two year old loves them but the flashlight function doesn't work which is disappointing
The product itself was fine -- not super special (especially given all those other elaborate Leonardo da Vinci DIY kits). Simplistic kit. Was super disappointed that it came in a box where the tape on either end had obviously been cut open before. It was also packed in a bubble mailer instead of a box and so it was flattened repeatedly and by the time I received it, pieces were floating around in the bubble mailer.
Hard to get in and out of the positions. Pretty sure the head already is broken after about a week of light play as we cannot get it to transform back to a truck. Don't see any "real" instructions to verify we are doing it correctly anyway.
It was a great fit, but the pump died only after a few hours. Changed batteries once and then shortly after it completely stopped working. This happened Halloween Night!
This product was accurate in its description. However from a value standpoint most of the rares are $0.25 or less, so in the pack I received the value was $10 less than the $25 price point. A few of the rares I received were in the $1 to 2 range if I were to buy them directly from Ebay or amazon.
Maybe it was because it was a young child, but the board only folds one way. When he tried to put it away, the board broke. Returned it.
The letters gad all different size holes, made it ridiculously hard to put the ribbon through and the ribbon got all stringing because of the different size holes on the letters. Absolutely bad quality. Waste of money!
The picture makes it appear as if Elmo stands up. He does NOT. It's deceiving..
Very small. Bubbles don't flow smoothly. Don't waste your money . Could get a better one for the same price.
Build quality is shoddy. Lasted only a few months.
the style is good, but the fabric is really not like i expected, it is more like nylon feeling. We had to throw this away unfortunately.
No hassle shipping. The toy is smaller than expected. Would like bigger.
Received 17 and one was broken. So have 16 out of 18.
It's ok. short lived fun.
Inflatable baseball glove very difficult to inflate. We were able to inflate most of it. But, one finger was too narrow to allow air to fill. We gave up...it seemed futile. Sorry for the 2 stars, but I do not recommend anyone buying unless they have a high power device to blow air in.
I ordered two of these - one of each of my twins. After about a month of light use, both had the sound element get stuck on and made a loud noise we couldn't get to stop without removing the batteries. It was a disappointment. I would not purchase again.
There tiny and fun to play with, very cute. But the dont glow in the dark very well, only for a few seconds & not very bright. I have to use a powerful flashlight to get them to last a few min.
The stroller looks very nice, but what good is it if you have no screws to keep the wheels in place. Very, very disapppointed that my granddaughter didn't receive the ONE gift she truly asked Santa for. She's still asking me why didn't Santa bring me my baby doll stroller. Been dodging answering and hopefully I'll be able to get another stroller soon. You people should be ashamed of yourselves, no hardware nor instructions. PISSED
Fun for a week then bored with it. Does not stand up well so fell down and plastic piece broke off. Too expensive for what this toy offers!
Came with DEAD batteries. Going to see if new batteries will make it work, if not definitely returning. Very disappointed.
Cute, but handwash for sure. Got a chip on its snout first time I washed (by hand). Doesn't seem very durable though it's a nice looking glass for a collection.
The box was in bad shape (not good for gifting). Cabbage Patch Dolls not as good as remembered
Looks to cheap for my layout.
Its not a true yellow as the picture shows its more of a green-yellow.
good quality but super big
I usually email the seller before writing a negative review but I didnt have that option. Most of the pranks were different than what was shown. The quality was so poor that several were broken or falling apart before we opened them. Unfortunately, we needed the items so I just fixed them the best I could to get by.
Our son loves this dino. Only downside is the light timer doesn't work. We explained the situation to him and he was heartbroken to hear it would have to go back. We opted to keep this and my wife shuts this off manually after he has fallen asleep. We should have checked before giving it to him, but we expected it to work as well as the other 2 we bought, not so much.
Bearings in the wheels go out in a very short period of time, bought expert bearings but cost more than the bike itself
This is a cute idea and has lots of lights, but my 1 year old got frustrated with this as she couldn't understand the game it wanted her to play. If you just want it for color and sound, it's for you, but if you want your children to play with it, this one did not work so well for us. Even my 4 year old had a rough time getting it to work.
This arrived on time but was completely open, not packaged, no instructions. It looks used. I'm going to return it.
Lights work but it does not spin well at all... the bearings in it seem cheap and it doesn't spin smoothly.
I understand that buying these is a gamble. You can either get legit packs or tampered packs. Unfortunately I got most packs that were tampered with. 1/6 packs had a holo or better,, and i got a holo. Its a luck of the draw with this kind of stuff. But the other stuff you get from the box that are guaranteed is nice.
Very cute, but my daughter (age 4) had these for 2 hours before one of the legs broke off of the unicorn. Way to soft, got the same quality from the dollar tree.
If you plan on using this for Fortnite DO NOT BUY. It does not work on the Iphone X.
Received some dice with significant cosmetic errors- extra divots, bad coloring and nearly illegible numbers. Contacted the E-Brands seller about three months ago and never heard back. It's a decent bargain for the amount and variety of dice that you get but don't expect very good craftsmanship.
Of course we are past the return window because I bought it on sale & waited until Christmas to give it. One motor has completely died, the other three are fine. So disappointing!
Could not get the balloons to inflate, and some popped or deflated.
Already stopped working not even 5 months with it
The foam is flimsy and the breakaway section doesn't work well at all and basically just fell apart. Totally useless for what I bought it for.
My son loves the Incredible Hulk and we can never find toys so I was very excited to receive this one as a gift for my son. After much pushing and shoving, I still haven't been able to get the hulk into the car. It's like it was engineered to be too small for the figure. The hulk figurine is fun but my son was pretty upset that he couldn't actually use the figure and vehicle together. Maybe one of the other figures will fit...?
I ordered two packages of the wind spinners hoping for lots of color. Description says at least 5. I only have 4 colors per package and they are the same. It's a lot of green, pink, blue, and purple. I don't think it's going to have the look I was going for.
Very annoying. Perfect for a 2 year old.
My kid doesn't even play with it, he stopped playing with it the first week he had it, I think it was the fact that this toy has to be charged up every 25-30 minutes. And He and I got tired of waiting for it to be charged up. There should be a way we could use our own batteries to use in this car.
The mask is vary well made but it said it has small eye holes but were big but the main thing is it
It's as pretty as the picture but I thought by the way it read it would be larger. I bought one at Target first. It was cheaper and it's larger. So I was disappointed. Is pretty. Great if your doll is less than 16 in.
Was very disappointed with this.
Thought this was great at first but there is already a leak in a seam. The only two kids playing in this were 1.5 and 3.5 - they were not too big to pop it's for it was set on a carpet. Is there a warranty?
The kitchen is way too smaller than what I thought, which is still manageable. However, it is so light that when my 2.5 yr old toddler tried to open the door once, the whole kitchen fell on her.I had a fright of my life and regretted buying it. Will NOT RECOMMEND THIS KITCHEN AT ALL! My kids did not find it interesting to play compared to the bigger wood kitchens we have had before. Sadly, I am unable to return it since the date has passed. Did I mention that it takes quite a few hours to fix this kitchen. Not worth buying it.
Mine turned out not to work. I thought it was charging. The appropriate lights came on, but it never really charged. A mechanic checked the voltage output and it was zero.
Cute product but for the price I thought it would be more durable. I just put the seal on the bottom (which was super tough to get on) and the bottom of the chart was torn up.
Arrived open and damaged. Collectors beware. Update: I returned my original order and received a refund without issue. I'm stubborn and determined that my husband will have this thing for Father's Day, so I ordered another. The box that it arrives in is in PERFECT condition, but the box for the toy is once again, damaged (albeit slightly damaged this time around). I was hoping to update my rating, but it stands.
They were ok they smelled really bad just like plastic was planning in using them for a topping for a birthday cake I needed to wash them first did not feel comfortable using them they way they smelled
The product is a great idea, but ours seems to deflate pretty quick. I feel like a life jacket would have been a better buy.
A lot of stickers but all very tiny. You get what you pay for.
Paid $17 for junk! Got a 2 pack for my kids to play with in the tub and they both take on water. One of them will turn off when you press the on/of button but 2 seconds later it comes back on by itself. The only way to turn it off so it stays off is to take it apart and remove the batteries. We are down to one now because I threw the other on in the garbage.
It was cute while it lasted.... Only had it for a month and when I took the cover off to wash the damn zipper broke and it couldn't be fixed. I'm returning for a refund and not buying another. I don't want to risk that one doing the same.
Compared to the other brand you can get from Amazon for the same price these are not worth the money. Every color including classic green were dim and lost their luminescence rather quickly. If you're hoping for bright these don't cut it. I play night disc golf and we use the lights to spot our discs. I was the only one in the group struggling to find his discs in near pitch darkness.
These worked okay for the purpose I needed them for but the plastic is very flimsy and measurements are not clearly readable on cups.
Super soft.. perfect for what I was using it for but one of the feet is different than the rest.
The figures are decently made, but they smell like strong insecticide--even after leaving the container open. What the heck are they made of?
Not the original version. You don't really compete against your opponent besides racing. In the original you can flip the balls to your opponent's side, making it much more interactive and fun.
I loved the idea of this product, however the marker was incredibly hard to open in fact it was damaged once I was able to pry it open. Now it leaks when filled with water and my daughter wasn't all that impressed she ended up just drawing on it with a regular marker then going back to her coloring pages maybe she's not old enough for it yet.
Not what I expected. It was a red dot sight, not a flash light
I thought this looked like a really cute game to give my sister who loves card games and fashion. I ordered two sets. Neither set came in the original box! I cannot give these as a gift like I thought! One came in a half empty Uno/Snappy Dressers box and the other set came in a cardboard box. I will attach pictures when I can. Game looks super cute, but don't buy from this seller if you want to be able to give this as a gift, because the cards are not BRAND NEW!
When they say "micro" it is definitely very, very small. The compact is about the size of a clementine so the pieces inside are super small. This particular pack with the 3 compacts and several characters is slightly over priced on Amazon. If you buy them separately at WM it comes about about $2 cheaper. Would not have purchased had I known how small this was. I think the larger compacts are much more fun and easier to play with. Nothing beats the original Polly Pockets but these new ones are cute.
Not what I expected.
The product is not the same a pictured it is much smaller. My son has the one as pictured (you can see it in the photo's I have attached to this review) and it broke, so I was looking to replace it. The one they sent (picture below) is much smaller than my sons original (the one pictured out of the box) and very different in style. My son was not happy needless to say. He noticed the differences right away. It's so annoying spending what felt like hours looking for the exact replacement, and it comes in the mail and it is not the one pictured.
Only 2 out of 4 worked. The 2 that worked were a BIG hit with my Grandsons. If the other 2 had worked, I would have rated this 5 stars. Not worth returning because they didn't cost that much. Just frustrating. Lucky I only had 2 Grandsons and not 4! Very bright lights for such little things. Lots of fun.
I bought these as a gift and when they arrived I thought that they would be larger. They are pretty small.
Bought 3 hats for thanksgiving gobble gallop but I is missing eyes. Bummer
Ordered this product in a brown box as it was a Christmas present from Santa for my daughter. It was delivered in a regular Barbie box so now I have some explaining to do. Disappointed to be given the option of a plain brown box and amazon not followed through.....
As soon as I saw this I put it away. Not for little people ... WAY WAY to little and tiny
I assumed that this came as one piece - but it it just stickers that have to be peeled off and placed individually . So you have to kneel in front of your toilet for like 15 minutes trying to place individual small letters in order.
Broke after only 2 days of use by a 4 yr old girl. Do not suggest purchasing.
Got this as a gift and I definitely didn't check the size on it. It's much smaller than the regular classic one. Also the animals were off. Bummer
The graphics were very nice like the pictures, so that is why it's worth 2 stars. However, the cups were so flimsy that after pouring a drink once into them, they felt like they would just disintegrate - like how a wet paper towel feels, so you had to drink kind of fast.
I just got this product the other day for a Christmas gift for my daughter. I haven't put batteries in it yet. My problem is that it's a rectangle. I thought it was supposed to be a star? Great job on that. What a disappointment.
One lense is easy to adjust and the other is very hard, so it's really difficult to get the glasses focused well. I'm thinking about returning them because I keep getting a headache. Plus, while watching tv, I feel like I have to hold my head at an odd angle to keep the screen in view. The glasses block all periphery, so if you're watching tv with family and want to interact, the experience is awkward because the only place you can look is through the lenses. I know that this should have been obvious, and I recognize that low vision aids often cut out periphery but the total tomb feeling while wearing these was surprising to me. I will say that when I get the lenses adjusted just right and hold still and sit exactly in front of the tv and not off to one side (which further complicates adjusting the lenses for focus) and I don't try to look around or find my glass of wine or pet the dog, they're great. Maybe the much more expensive ones are better.
Cheap elastic. They broke very easily
Some of the signs were falling off as we were hanging them.
This is a piece of junk that broke in two days I only needed the microphone stand not the speaker which didn't work after two hours and even then it was terrible. Don't waste your money.
Bigger than expected but that's my fault for not reading the size, but they wouldn't stat inflated, or just popped really easily! I got them for my daughters ice cream birthday party, for inside the bounce house, and they didnt even last the 4 hours!
Figure is cool but Amazon is not the place to buy it this is the 3rd figure I have purchased from them and the boxes for the figures are crushed. The mailing package was perfect. Amazons employees are horrid with picking items this should of been returned to the manufacturer not sold to a customer. Collectors item not a kids toy!
Was missing the crayons
These doll dresses are very cheaply made and has lots of threads and extra materials in the inside. They also ripped easily.
I bought 5 of these packs. There are at least 2 in every box that have had the lead completely fall out of the pencil. They smell good though.
Product was way smaller than advertised in pic
The mico-usb charging port on the drone is an unusually tight fit for the charging cable. We are on our second drone in as many weeks because the charging ports have broken away from the circuit boards due to the force required to plug in the cable. It definitely makes the drone NOT ideal for beginners or young operators.
Needs batteries (which aren't included), plays the part of the song for each characters, but stutters at times and occasionally have to put the piece in 2-3 times to get it to play. Definitely not the same quality as say a Melissa and Doug puzzle, but we will be keeping as my daughter likes to pieces and it works decent most of the time. Only had tried out a few times though.
My daughter has a little eraser shaped like a cell phone that she loves to carry around and pretend to text and talk on so for her 3rd birthday I thought we would get her a toy cell phone that actually did stuff. I thought she would love the little animated dog too. She was interested for about 2 seconds and that is it. She still carries around and uses her little cell phone eraser and this phone sits unused and forgotten in her bedroom.
I wish the product description explained that the heads were squishy like bath squirters and that the come apart easily. I got these so that I had replacement toys for my daughter's existing set that I bought from Target. I thought I was buying the same ones, but the heads are soft, instead of hard, and they come off real easy.
The box was damaged (it has fine lines like made with a cutter) and the plastic is all over scratched!
I was expecting a board game that used cards. The way it was described I thought it was a board game. Was looking for board games for our church game night and so haven't got to actually play the game itself, so I'm not sure if the card game is fun or not. I was very disappointed in what I paid and what I received!
It balances, but the quality is terrible! Broken plastic, separated on the wings. Definitely not worth $6+
Crown broken but fixed with hot glue. Pretty cute for the price.
Just bought it for the Ares Collect and Connect pieces. just not my cup of tea.
So I was expecting all colorful chicks and bunnies in a variety of colors to give to me young kiddos for Easter. What I got was one chick and the remainder of the order was demonic looking bunnies in either dirty white color or used carpet beige. On the plus side the winding mechanism and the hopping feature worked well. Still had to give the them to the kids for Easter as I didn't have an alternative. All the adults got a good laugh. Not quite sure how demon bunnies really fit in with the whole Easter spirit and all.... Disappointed.
Took to long to deliver because it got lost in transit.
Inaccurate product description. Doesnt fit on regulator
Bee tore away from key chain within one week.
This is my first time being a pool owner. This pack seemed to have a little bit of everything, except quality. I thing you would be better off going to the dollar store and get some things. Not even a whole day of playing with the water shooters, and they broke. Not into pieces, just stopped sucking up the water. The gasket didn't come off, it was kind of weird. The jewels were pretty cheap looking. However, I did like the diving sticks and rings.
My son had this for a week and the cord broke. Not well made and not durable. One of the blades also broke the first time in battle.
Was a lot smaller than I'd expected but we managed to make it work went to wash it and it fell apart but would be cute for a tiny dog
Worked great to start but fell apart quickly. Don't waste your money.
Game is fun but it is cheaply made. Marbles are plastic. and i was sent two different size boxes of games with different covers, and I wanted my gifts the same.
Expect for this case to ship to you with a totally dysfunctional inner lining to the case. Ours came shattered to bits, extremely cheaply put together. We had to clean bits of black fuzz and shards of plastic off of everything. Although the chips were fine, very disappointed.
I was really excited to gift this to my niece for her first birthday only to see that when it was delivered that one wing was sown backwards. Very disappointing. Now have to find another plush toy for her. It sucks because other than that it would have been perfect. Very cute and soft.
Bought the big box for a game night. Most of us done this before and knew what to expect but to my disappointment seems like you got an old box. Beans were hard and really couldn't tell what flavors we had until we swallowed. They must have been old/stale jelly beans.
Motor is strong, but build is very poor. Rim broke in 5 minutes.
Would be great if it wasn't so lightweight and cheap that the pieces fall over constantly.
I purchased this item to give as a birthday gift. It shipped very fast and we received it in less than a week. I gave this item a 2 star review because of the lack of packaging. It literally came in a clear plastic bag sealed with a piece of scotch tape (not ideal for gifting). I am not sure how this game is played but I could only assume each card has a certain value. Considering the packaging, I'm guessing these cards are the "leftovers" and all of the valuable cards have been cherry picked.
I am using this product on a drone, but for some reason, I lose connection completely as soon as the drone takes off.
Cars not very durable. Green car stopped working after 2 months.
Flimsy and ripped while putting it on my window. Had to throw it away.
This is way cheap. The bridge barely stands up and my four year old gets frustrated. The cars stopped working after a few uses and the turn on button fell off.
The small beats can get loose. Not safe good for small children .
Peas were stiff and first, they did loosen up. Too much, a few have popped out.
This arrived in very poor condition . The sticker book itself was tattered with a cut right through the cover. My advice,is order in plenty of time to return it if needed. We were leaving on a trip the next day. My 3 1/2 year old grandson had trouble getting the puffy stickers off the sheet. He did like sticking them on the window though lol
A bit smaller than the original. Also the timing is off as it only says the animal and makes the sound as you pull down the lever for the next spin, not when it lands on it the first time. Seems like a big flaw because the child doesn't make the connection between the animal name just heard and the picture the arrow landed on due to the delay. It's still a cute toy and the spinning movement keeps my little one interested, but this is not quite the quality of product I was expecting with such a classic toy.
Pretty cheaply made. My son played with them for like 5 min and they were ruined.
Looks cute but ripped after only a week of mostly sitting on my daughters bed as a decoration and very little cuddling.
It is a pretty doll house, but I don't expect it to last long. Materials are cheap. There is no support for the outside corner of the second floor where the elevator goes up and down. The furniture, other than the bed, does not fit barbie dolls. If I had bought it local, I would return it. It is too much of a hassle trying to ship something so big back. Lesson learned.
they sure aint what they used to be when i was a kid
Pieces are very small and thin. Colors nice but i don't think we will buy this brand again
I bought this recently and got to use it once. The second time we tried to use it it wouldn't turn on. We fiddled with it a little bit it wouldn't turn on again. Not much value for money if we got to use it for 30 minutes one time.
Too big unless ur head is huge don't buy it
The size is what you expect. The colors are right. But mine was defective. I'm VERY disappointed. It collapsed on my child.
This toy is barely worth the price I paid for it. The on/off button was broken out if the box. The siren was extremely loud but the voice option didn't work very well not did the volume. It was as either painfully loud or no sound.
These are not the same diameter or length as the original shocks on my Blackout XTE PRO - smaller diameter and shorter, rebound isn't the best. Would not recommend for a Blackout XTE Pro
Very cute, a little difficult. Upset that the base is missing. My son got this to build for his teacher for Valentine's day
This got great reviews so purchased for a 3 yr old. It only makes noises when you touch its head. It's very small, it's really just a toy for kids to tinker with in their hands. Doesn't do anything amazing. Not a wow toy
This arrived unpackaged and the 2 stylus are missing! Very bummed as we are needing to use them this weekend. Not sure what to use to write on them with!
Did not come with original package. I was disappointed
I ordered these with the outlook that they did not have a hole and thought they wouldn't hold water. My daughters other bath toys that spray water have in time not always been emptied after each bath, and started to seem internally discolored so I decided to find something that may not eventually have that problem. They are really cute toys but after one bath they already have a lot of water in them and are very hard to empty or remove the water. The suctioning on the bag doesn't hold up well for me and I've tried it on different surfaces. May look for some other clips.
Doll desk very cute and reasonably good quality for the price. Company packaging leaves much to be desired. Ordered the first time and received with incorrect parts making it unable to be assembled. Return and reordered. Second time missing several screws. Able to modify with something we had but unhappy with this poor customer service. Could have been a bigger problem for a little girl at Christmas
We have really like this product in the past. This latest order seemed a different texture, harder and stickier. Also, it was missing the molds it is supposed to come with. Already opened when we realized this so can't return. Disappointed.
they look very nice, exactly as pictured, and feel fine. But the smell - they smell extremely toxic - so I am not comfortable giving these tho my kid unfortunately.
It does not capture pressure like a real super soaker you have to pump it for each stream. Not what I wanted at all.
So disappointed. The parts don't stay together at all. Very rickety. The car does not move easily down the track. If your child is hard on toys at all I would not recommend this product.
cute but they break off very easily
Compared to the older versions of Operation, this was very disappointing. The older version had a drawer to keep the playing pieces so they don't get lost. And the older version is actually a game - where you draw a card to tell you which piece to remove and if you were successful you were paid with play money. In this version you just put the pieces in (if you haven't lost them, due to no place to store them) and then try to get them out. That's it. My granddaughter was bored with it in a matter of minutes. She was used to playing an older version I had and enjoyed drawing cards to say which piece to try to remove and then got a little reward with the play money.
Mine was broken, upon delivery, missing one button. Sent it back.
One of the 2 large balloons came with a hole in it. The small ones are very small. Better to put on sticks not strings. I only ended up able to use one large balloon.
Box came severely damaged and 3 pieces of wood broken and several hex bolts and screws damaged causing us to take several trips to the local hardware store. Instructions are really too difficult as written and could be simplified. Took 2 people all day to complete with a 3rd person helping hold up pieces at times. I suggest giving yourself 1+ hr to lay out all pieces to do item check but also so that it is easier to find what you need.
These smocks are really flimsy. And despite what the page says they are way too large for a 2 year old. I returned them.
My 4 year old son is going to be Batman this Halloween. The costume I bought him from Target fits great, but the mask it came with was kind of cheap and lame. He wanted something that made him really look like Batman. There are not a lot of options out there! I read the reviews before buying this one and saw a lot of people say it was ran small. That's fine as I was purchasing it for my 4 year old. It fit his head but the eyes and nose were not positioned well for his age - they seem like they would be better for a larger child or small adult. However, the mask does not fit over the head of anyone else in our family, even our 7 year old son. Overall we're disappointed.
My poduct came with 18/20 advertised dice. Two sets are missing 1 dice each. I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 because the dice are good and $10 is still a great price for 4 usable sets of Fate dice. (4th set being a mix of the missing sets of Dice)
The surface where you build the puzzle should be sturdier and the felt should be more taut
One magazine arrived shattered and unusable. Another arrived with a crack in about the same location.
Thought this was much larger than it is. It's doll house sized. But cute!
It was nice but the sticker on front was coming off when I got it inn my son was disappointed
Too difficult for a child to navigate and even for an adult your hand gets tired very quickly.
A little disappointed it came with a dent and it's kinda looks like you bought it at the dollar store ( or plastic )but it's for a costume so it will do
Got the wrong product.
Upon opening this bag of prizes the first two toys I pulled out were broken (a stretch arm strong guy was broken in half, and a toy camera was broken). Wouldn't order again.
Good size, nice bright colors, i like the teepee the most. But unfortunately, the loops that hold each piece together - 2 of them broke already. Plus the balls keep getting out through the gaps between each piece since the connection isnt all that great to begin with and balls can fit right through. The ball pit is also a bit flimsy. It doesnt hold its shape. And i cannot fold that thing back into its bag for the life of me. The picture directions dont help much. Feels like they're skipping steps.
Doesn't seem to work all that good
Very cheap. Got a hole in a seam with first use
For kids, it is kind of somewhat boring. As there are a limited number of options a kid can do, no voice recognition and response.
Top thing that's supposed to light up is broken and there's no way to contact the seller.
This product looked nothing like this. Much larger flags and really spaced out on the banner.
The eyes are very purple. The horn is badly deformed, I've tried straightening it at length and it's not much better now than when it arrived; a stuffed unicorn with a deformed horn is an unfortunate little stuffed creature. The problem is in the sewing of the horn, more than the packaging (given that it's plush, even if it gets mushed in packaging, with proper sewing it could likely have been straightened back); in this case I suspect the horn would have been a mess even with perfect packaging. Otherwise, it's soft.
Train can barely pull 1 other car up a low grade track.
Terrible plates, flimsy and poor quality. Rough napkins. I am not buying this again!
lasted about a weekend with the kids very small
It zooms in random direction and crashes. It seems the IR sensors are not well calibrated.
Ordered this to ship to Northern climate (MN) it froze and popped the top off and went all over in the package. Giving two stars because it's not the stores fault it froze but I wish the had a disclaimer saying it would freeze.
When people ask how much I paid for this I tell them $40, and $35 too much. The controller came broken so I have to fly it with my friend's controller. It does not stay balanced what so ever and the throttle does not work properly. It took me roughly two days to break something on it, which I'm surprised because it takes horrifically bad crashes because the acceleration goes haywire and smacks the ceiling. Oh, stock up on AA batteries because the controller (that sometimes works) takes 6 batteries and that's how you charge the helicopter too because it does not charge via USB like they claim. I know six people with these and none of them charge via usb so we blow through a lot of AAs. If you buy one night as well buy three more for replacement parts, c'mon you already messed up buying one, because something somewhere is bound to break. In other words, I do not recommend.
Bought these headphones for son to use with IPads at school and really liked them initially, but plug broke in under 2 months and they are now completely useless
The paper and squares are very small, and my origami-loving kid didn't like them.
Great color and depth when on, entirely impossible to get off. My kids painted one another's faces 30 mins before bathtime. And even that quickly, it was very difficult to remove. Not recommended for smaller kids who cannot wash their own faces.
They arrived too late for What I needed them for and the seller will not allow returns, so now I am stuck with all these scrabble tiles.
Not at all what I was expecting from Buffalo games. Good price, that's about it.
The paint on Elastigirl started wearing off and peeling off the same day! And Mr Incredible sounds like his arms are going to break every time you do the "sling shot" feature. However, the kids still play with them, and the rubber seems to be holding up.
This is good if you play with very small children (around 8). Not good for only adults or 11 year olds or older. I think it's very similar to the card game Virus and I like Virus better.
The kids were excited waiting for the caterpillars and ladybugs to arrive. But instead of 5 small caterpillars we received 4 almost fully grown and ready to form their chrysalis. At least I am hoping they do..... Update, I reached out to Insect Lore who told me heat makes them grow faster and they were going to ship more to me. But she said she had call me back to get my credit card info for shipping and I never heard from them again. I have now taken the kids out to find them on our milkweed and we will grow our own. I would NOT recommend them at all. ZERO stars
My daughter LOVES this set, so that is why I'm giving it two stars. Unfortunately, the necklace is in over 50 pieces across my family room. Still missing a few beads. Brutal.
So I got the balloons but not the kit that was suppose to come with it... I mean yay I have the balloons but now I need to go buy a kit to fill them up :/ yah pretty disappointed about that.
it was a cool gift to give because it is tiny and everyone wants to see it and fly it, but then...no one can fly it bcs it doesn't fly for long and then after a few attempts it just stops flying period. yeah, it doesn't work anymore and I only had it for a few weeks before it died. About the same lifespan of a mosquito
The holster and the vest do not fit me, which is very disappointing. However, I did get some ammo and magazine clips that I will put to use -- so the purchase is not entirely in vain.
it did not work had to return it
I measured my dog and ordered according to the chart, and the medium was still too small, she couldn't wear it. But cute costume, good value for the money.
Product is advertised as (Pack of 2) I only received one pack of 8 sheets. Be sure to check this when you open the package!
Product came not in a box....falling apart. Nothing seems to be broken, but I can look right in the box without opening it.
I feel the price was excessive. I planted about half the seeds in window planters and had some success but it was slow going. Bought established plants before but none to found in my area any more, so I bought the seeds. Best to buy plants if you can find them.
Never got it to rate the quality. But were not happy with the service. Its a not expensive at all, but had to rush to Party City last moment to get them for more money.
Before I get into this long review so someone that has these may see this and be able to try it as well. If any mixture gets into the wire section, take a hair dryer on high back and forth in front of where the bubbles come out to dry the wires out and it will start working correctly again. Took me about 5 minutes with both of these with the hair dryer. Stop every so often and test it to see if it's working yet. Just be sure to take it back and forth and all over so it doesnt get to hot, I've done that with both of these so far and they started working again. The one I put a little water in to rinse all the bubble mixture out because it wasnt working then tried again and got it to start working again. So if anyone has kids that throw a fit when they stop working try doing this to get them working. Now into the review lol!! These bubble guns are okay, my reasoning for being just "okay" is because any little bit of bubble mixture gets up by the wires they stop working 🙄 which is very annoying! If they would redo the wiring and make it where the mixture cannot get to them it would be an amazing product but until then I wouldnt waste the money on these, instead find one that has the wires covered up where the mixture wont get one them so it wont stop working the same day you get them. Or find something similar if they dont make them like that. Other than that my kids loved them just wish theyd make them different so they would last for more than a few hours unless you know how to get them working again. All these people that review these items before they come out need to be leaving feedback on what needs done or what to do so this would be prevented hopefully. I will gladly review products with my honest review and feedback so that things like this hopefully wont happen. Because this would be an awesome product for kids. If it were different my rating would be too but unfortunately I cant rate these high the way they are.
We got this Jeep for my 3 year old for Christmas. Unfortunately we waited until 2 days before Christmas trying to keep it boxed so he didn't find it which was a mistake. The battery wouldn't charge at first. My husband fiddled with it and we thought we were going to have to send it back but after keeping it plugged in for a couple of days after Christmas, out of nowhere it started working. It was a dud for Christmas which was a bummer. Also the spot lights on the back have a battery pack that didn't have the negative side so we can't use them.
The majority is as expected. I got this box for the opportunity to read through the DM side of a campaign since I would like to begin DMing campaigns for my friends. The books are fairly small and the box contained everything as advertised. I tested each of the die (7 sets) for balance and was severely disappointed to find that at least 2 dice from each set was out of balance. Some were more severely biased than others and I found a total of 20 of the 49 dice biased. I thought that a DnD starter set would be a reasonable place to assume I would have balanced dice with maybe a handful with issues. Almost have of the dice is a lack of quality control. I recommend just buying the books elsewhere.
I bought this for my baby shower and I didn't even get to put it up. When it arrived, the package was ripped, so the straw to blow it up was missing. We tried to improvise and use another straw but the opening seems to be fused together, and I believed it ripped after multiple attempts. I would pass on this one.
Bought these because they were very pretty colors and you got two of them. The problem was the cat squishy literally fell apart the first night. It came apart like someone had sliced it in two spots. These were hardly even touched. Too bad
one drone would not calibrate and one had the battery stuck inside of it
It's not durable. My kid plays with it and some of them got broken.
Overpriced and quite dull... The toy does nothing and the color we received was so unattractive...
Very flimsy and the balls don't really swing correctly it got moved and we couldn't untangle the strings so it had to be thrown away.
Very fragile rail road. We dropped one of the track pieces and it's little connection part broke right away. So after day 1 we didn't have the road any more. Not like some other railroads that are made with more durable plastic.
Advertised as an Amazon Prime offer, contacted Amazon and they confirmed it would arrive on time for my Daughters Halloween costume...Item arrived 8 days after halloween. Terrible.
I love the concept of the bubble machine but this doesn't seem to be the one to get. With any bubble solution we have tried (including the bubbles that came with it), if it is left on for more than a minute, the bubbles start collecting in the front of the machine and just make a giant soap bubble in front of the machine that keeps growing -- it stops actually BLOWING the bubbles. We also had an issue where water seeped up into the battery case and it stopped working very shortly after we received it. Luckily, my husband was able to score off the rust and get it working again. I would not recommend this product.
So adorable and perfect for a little girl who loves unicorns! However, my daughter only got it for her birthday on October 6th, and the hinge has already ripped out from the box after only a couple weeks.
Wig was very matted and tangled fresh out of a sealed bag. The adult size of another brand was much nicer and would have worked for either me or my 5 year old.
Son likes it but broke quickly
4 of the screws were loose, and two were stripped. The hinge pin was bent, so the pieces don't line up.
I wish I saved up more money and bought a better brush. This thing is a joke, worked for a while, and then didn't. I didn't even get halfway through the model kit I was working on until it flat out wouldn't spray well at all - and I cleaned the damn thing pretty thoroughly at least three times in the same session. Thanks for wasting my time and money, Iwata.
It broke in a few days. My son liked it, but not worth the price since it broke so easily.
The white bands came dirty
The clip of this starter is terrible and seems like the wrong size most of the time. The entire assembly has fallen apart several times as the tube threading below the battery also seems too loose. The charger plug is simply a 1/8” headphone jack with a hex soldered to it, which broke off after a few times and had to be resoldered after being cut apart. Really unimpressive quality overall - i doubt it will last.
My 2 yr old is obsessed with my coffee maker and just my coffee in general. (And no I don't let her drink it) I got this so she would get to have her own coffee. And she did 2 times, and now it just leaks when there is no pot under the maker. Water just pours out anytime it's put into the top. She got to use it twice, so I'd say it wasn't worth the money. She just received it on Christmas from santa.
Quit working after second use; I did everything right, and it just wouldn't work
The concept looked great but they stuck out funny when clipped in the hair. They were for a 16 yr old neon/blacklight bday party. The girls didn't like them.
Had less than a week. Already falling apart on back seam.
My 4 yr old keeps falling off the disc and so did her little friend .it's definitely not as big as pictured and not fixed where she can balance..it tilts to one side. These are average sized kids that fall under the weight capacity so needless to say I'm a little disappointed :(
cute product. good for only small items. I put scissors, paint bushes and pens in the organizer and the little colored trays keep tipping over and spilling items everywhere. Very frustrating. Anything bigger then a crayon or glue stick doesn't work well for this item.
This is such a cool idea. The execution is a bit lacking though. The pieces need to be assembled, which would be fine, but they don't fit together snugly, in fact they are very loose. That means they won't stand on their own without some fairly involved glue work. It takes quite a bit of effort for them to be usable so don't expect to use them right out of the box. If you are ok doing a fair amount of work then they are great.
ordered on Friday (PRIME) came Wednesday afternoon!
This ball is smaller than expected.
For a collectible to be shipped in a box with no extra packaging is ridiculous. It came half opened and damaged. Scared to do a return just to get another one in the same condition. Edit: Replacement was put in and very easy to do, gave it another star for ease of return. Will update again depending on condition of replacement.
Bought these for my 20 month old granddaughter who loves to play in the sink with water and soap. Theses are not waterproof as advertised. They may keep paint off their clothes but they do nothing for water!
Love the bright colors. Sequins are attached well but not the seams! Unfortunately the seam split after having it for less than two weeks. Item not eligible for return from vendor, unfortunately.
These things are dumb. Don't do much! Bought them on a daily deal around Christmas. Girls lost interest in 5 min
I bought this because I thought it would be an upgrade to my current 6 amp charger. As I recently got a big 10 amp battery and wanted to be able to charge it faster than 2 to 3 hours. This charger won't do it. On a 6S battery it will only charge at a max rate of 4 amps for some reason. Even though my other character will charge a 6S at 6 amps just fine. So this one takes even longer than the charger I was trying to replace. The only thing that caused me to give this charger 2 stars instead of 1 is that the fans are a nice feature. My 6 amp charger doesn't have a fan and it gets really hot when running for a long time at 6 amps charging that 10 amp battery. This one stayed mostly cool due to the fan (plus it only charging at 4 amps). I'm disappointed, they should specify this charge rate limitation on higher cell count batteries in the description IMO. I'm most likely going to return it due to this omission.
Large amount of small size clear bands.. not much stretch
Cheap feeling. Poles both broke quickly.
The decor was nice and easy to set up; the foil balloons were awful, only one inflated and when it was “floating” it only floated half way and then stayed mid air. The U S A foil balloons didn't even inflate because they had little holes. And the other foil balloons never stayed inflated I'm assuming it was the outer seems of the balloon.
Make sure you leave yourself plenty of time to put together all of these decorations. I assumed I would have to assemble the poms, but didn't realize how incredibly time-consuming the garland would be. I finally just gave up on it.
Cute but does not fit kids with wide feet. Have to return.
Very small. Would be a good gift for a 5 year old, not a tween. Cheaply made.
Low quality stuff, did not like it.
Not what I thought it was going to be. It doesn't really have any stretch to it
Not as fun as other games. Definitely need to play with a group of people that know each other well.
These are good enough to hide for children to discover. They'll be thrilled.
It's a perfect pop to memorialize the hero that is Stan Lee, the frustration is Amazon took zero precautions in shipping and had the pop just being tossed around in a even bigger box. So, inside pop was prefect but the pop box was significantly damaged due to faulty packing at Amazon.
I used 2 of these with 85 fourth graders one afternoon. One broke. One lasted. The foam handles were useless. They broke or slid away. It did the trick and were a decent price. I'll have to reinforce the stitching myself.
I bought. these for my son's birthday - hard to go wrong with balloons. They blew up fine, colors are as expected, nothing to complain about - then slowly over the course of the next hour, about 3 of the balloons just popped. They were sitting on a table so nothing touched them at all - they just exploded on their own. About one in 4 just pops out of the blue each time I've used them (3 occasions now). Will not buy again and if you have young children who will be playing with them, definitely stay away - could be very dangerous.
One model magic package arrived open and completely dried out. Another package was partially opened. The products did not seem to be packaged well.
The fish doesn't move the head as it is supposed to. Doesn't work well and that wasn't specified in the description.
I ordered this as a gift, and the box that it came in was crushed on two sides and looked very tacky when it arrived. The sand was leaking inside, and the beach chair was broken. This seemed like it would make a perfect gift, but was not as all as it was portrayed. Very disappointing.
Very disappointed- not Gund quality!!!
Kids played with it once some if the lights didnt work
Ordered the package with two. One worked and one did not. They were very cheaply made and disappointing.
works great as a gag gift but don't expect it to last very long
Bought these for my grandchild's birthday because the directions said air or helium in the description. There were no directions, so was not quite sure how to blow them up without tearing them up. We tore two and took the remaining four to Party City only to find out it would be 6.99 per balloon to fill with helium. Save yourself the trouble and just go to party city to buy your balloons.
I received one pink and 3 brown, which was disappointing. other than that, they are as described.
Get tools to clean out crevices. I'm not sure why they made this thing for play doh with so many cracks for the dough to get stuck in. Plan on spending 5 to 10 minutes digging it out.
Cheap and smaller than expected. The stakes are small and barley fit into the grass. They worked okay but wouldn't recommend. All of them ended up breaking in some way
My daughter did't want to wear it because she said it was too scratchy.
NOT for Left hand players. I specifically asked this question before buying and was told left hand players can use it. Not true. The product itself feels/looks cheap. Maybe a $10 value or less? The screen does show you finger positioning but that's pretty much where the positives end (at least at this price point.
The best I can give this kit is that it kept me busy for several days. It would have been more enjoyable if the designer / manufacturer had spent more time on the instructions. As others have mentioned, some steps are missing, etched side wrongly illustrated, etched sides mounted to the inside where they will never be seen, procedures out of sequence (i.e. completing a box part #12 and then told to attach parts to the box that need to be finished on the inside of the box.) The included tweezers were are about four times too big for most bends. I have a needle nose pliers with an 1/8 tip that was often too big. As others have recommended, don't start without a lighted magnifying lens on a stand. Actually I say just skip this one and work on something that will give you more enjoyment.
Rattle are very easy for 10 month old to hold ! However, they do not make music !
At least half of this pack is emoji's. If that's what you mostly want, then this is probably a good choice for you. Personally, I was hoping for a little more variety and a little more color (something similar to what the product picture looked like.) Instead I have a bunch of yellow stickers with different faces on them. There is likely a lot of this product that will go unused by me and I am unlikely to buy it again.
There's a saying that goes "you get what you pay for", and that's true here. This Funko was an "add-on" product, meaning it was offered at a reduced price. And I can unfortunately see the consequences of that lower price. The paint job is a little incomplete where her hairline meets her face, the box itself is a little dirty and there is a small tear in one corner. I didn't even buy this because I'm a collector and I'm a little upset about this. If I was a collector, I would return this immediately. But at the cheap price I paid, it feels more trouble than it's worth.
there's a plastic semi sphere on the mesh that makes it kinda hard to squeeze so it's not really satisfying
I bought this for my sons birthday and it's not even the same car the one I received is blue and doesn't look to be a rock crawler at all or off the road
Love the idea of this cute backpack. However, our zipper broke after only one use. Needs to be made better.
This is a very fun toy and my kids loved it, but it broke after two days. I don't know if my 6 and 2 year old sons were too rough on it, but I would have liked for it to last longer.
Unfortunately the box got damaged.
Grateful for the speedy delivery but box was damaged badly like it was squished.
Half the glow sticks didn't work and the other half that did were very dull.
3 of the balloons in the happy birthday did not inflate
Not 200 balls as stated in the description.
Cheaply made. First one came broken- the time does not display properly. I only reordered because my son thinks it's the coolest thing ever. I never would have ordered it had I realized how cheaply made it was.
Cheap cheap. Cheap. You get what you pay for. Doesn't last long with a toddler that really wants to jam
Really overpriced for a plastic sword. It was a zero thrills purchase, but my son enjoyed it for a while.
It's a fine toy that works as advertised however I am not impressed. The games are just what I wanted but the execution is poor. The tracing requires following the lines in a specific order, often without lifting the pencil. My 3 year old finds it frustrating and I do too at times. The screen is also too dark making it hard to use without the right light. Overall I would not recommend this toy.
I liked the look of the banner but the gold curtain fell apart immediately when I got it, strings were falling off everywhere. It also tore as soon as I tried putting it up. Disappointed.
The bracelets where more adult size and so are the rings too big for little girls. I got these for girls ages 4-10 and these are just too big.
They are okay not the best
I have mix feeling about this set. The idea is nice and size is goos price seems good. But the quality control is a bit low. Not a gift quality, won't recommend to anybody, but this is something for the kids (that are old enough to not put them in the mouth) to throw around and you won't feel so bad about it. But like others mention, it's rough and can cause splinters.
Way smaller than I expected. Returned.
The crayons kept falling out of the plastic holder. Couldn't get them to stay in. Easy to clean up tho
I thought this would do more. It doesn't read the specific block and it doesn't really interact with the Smart Puppy. Disappointing.
The Drone is nice, however it doesn't have the ability to move side to side like a less expensive from Walmart. My son rarely uses this drone, it cost 5X the amount of the smaller one he had, and he fully enjoyed the less expensive drone. I believe it is all about the expectations and this drone did not meet my son's expectations of agility. I was disappointed due to his disappointment. He never uses it and the previous, less expensive one he had, he used it every day. I think the quality of this drone is solid, it just didn't meet our expectations, and we know expectations become reality. Honestly I feel like I wasted my money and my son has a disappointing Christmas present that is never used.
I bought these for my daughter last year, the addition and subtraction were great! But I just pulled the multiplication out to start and half the cards are missing or duplicates. For example, there are three 5x10 cards in a row but no other 5 multiplication tables. Really dissapointed, because I can no longer return.
Totally bummed just had this shipped and its the wrong item
kids not interested in this one
Confusing. Good quality game but actually game was lacking in quality.
just found out this xmas gift never worked, they threw it away
I dont like how this does not fully collapse. Other than that ok... but overpriced ..
When I got it half the ants were dead
Smaller than expected
These are made for adults. Its called girls in the title so I thought it would fit a child. It does say not suitable for children 3 and under, I assumed that was because of small pieces or something. I just purchased this as a cute little birthday gift for my daughter who is turning 6, they do not even come close to fitting her. They are actually even too big for me and my large 38 year old self... I could wear them but they would fall down. It's a shame, they are SO cute and SO soft but they are unfortunately not adjustable. Don't buy these for little kids. Picture attached with my 'tall' tea mug, just for size reference.
its not SS its aluminum, it is good and is nice quality.... it just is not stainless steel
Bright colors and flexible but super hard to sharpen and write with.
This toy is tiny, which was unexpected especially for the price
It is all plastic and a ripoff!!!
The frog falls over about halfway through the song. disappointing
Very cheap don't wind up very well
The part that slides takes up too much space so it doesn't store many darts. Otherwise it's ok.
Only survived 2 weeks in my classroom. The hoop literally snapped right off with normal play. It's disappointing.
CHEAP! Lasted 2 hours!
Train doesn't stay on tracks well and the fumes are horrendous. My 3 year old loves it since it runs on a hardwood floor, but the smell is overpowering.
The table is cheaply made. The drawer broke in about a week of having the table.
While they are cute, they are non refundable and I am 2 short in my order. Planning to contact amazon to see if they can help, but still disappointed. Also the colors aren't anywhere near as vibrant and photographed and you see some loose threads.
Half of these hardly move at all. I expected them to at least go 12 inches.
What a disappointment. I've had my eye on these figures for most of this year. I finally decided to buy them to use for wargaming with my other humans and creatures in a fantasy setting, Song of Blades and Heroes, a book I bought here at Amazon. The figures in this set were in sorry condition. A dragon had a broken wing. The skeletons and the female arches could not stand up as the plastic of their legs were bent to the point they were laying on their backs! Junk. The other figures in the set were Ok. I won't buy another set of these figures from this company- their quality control is poor.
This is a strange item. There is no padding inside the helmet and no way to make it stay in place. For my 4 year old it is a real let down. It is enormous in the head (It would fit an adult, yet an adult cannot fit their head through the neck hole). The sounds are fun, but can only be heard when your head is in the helmet and there is only one thing it says. Opening the visor isn't possible to do on your own because the thing doesn't stay in place. Really a bummer.
Product arrived late and in bad shape, shipping box was banged up (not the sellers fault) as well as game box inside. Top lid and bottom container corners are torn (see picture). Game components and board are in good shape so not 1 star.
Poor quality. First dress ripped up within 20 minutes of opening the package. It's been one month and probably half are gone. Don't waste your money.
Stopped turning on the first day. Wouldn't turn off- new batteries needed for each use. Disappointed.
Super Fast Shipping! Giving this to my son. Balls are a bit smaller than expected. I'm not sure if I recommend these juggling balls for a kid or anyone learning how to juggle.
We bought this for our little girl when she was one, and she continues to enjoy it now that she's almost two. That said, as a parent I find it annoying that the xylophone in the toy is out of tune, or at least doesn't play any musical scale I'm familiar with. Disappointing that they couldn't make the toy more functional that way. Still, our baby mostly enjoys hitting the balls with the hammer anyway, so it's not a huge loss. Just don't expect the removable xylophone to work for playing little melodies.
Very disappointed that 20 either didn't work at all or were very dim or only come on if you squeeze a certain way. That's 1/5 of the 100. I'm a teacher and my students like these in the prize box, but not if they don't work. I wish there was an option to get credit for the nonworking ones without having to send all back.
These are really cute and the materials seem sturdy, but the design is poor. I struggled to get the tops on more than half of them. A few of them absolutely would not fit. I even tried switching tops with bases. Eventually, I gave up, after only fitting 8/12 together. I expected all of them to be easy to assemble. In the end, I chose to disassemble them and use the bottoms as drink cups. If I had that much difficulty putting them together in the first place, imagine how difficult it would be for someone to assemble it after they put a drink in it. It may not be a big deal if your party is outdoors, but ours was rained out. Inside, I was too worried that we would have multiple spills on the carpet. I purchased these quite some time ahead of the party, so by the time we used them, it was too late to return.
Good idea. Zipper is poor quality. Separates often.
Recieved my package. No padding. Pop box was dusty and damaged. Literally killed the value of it.
So very disappointed with the quality of the products. As I was filling the 0 balloon it popped as the seam was so flimsy leaving me with a 7 balloon for my dads 70th birthday party... annoying
Motor and servos seem fine, but like others my ESC smoked out on takeoff.
I understand that the toy isn't supposed to come in the greatest-looking condition, but even after a bath, blow-dry, and brush out, it still looks like a used toy.
Everything is very cheap like a dollar atore toy. U can see how the plastic is so cheap warped and torn I didn't get keys or a hair brush in mine.
Some pieces are shaped alike and can go here or there, and you can't tell where they should go because of the pattern. In three ares I had to take apart the pieces and try them a different way in order to complete the puzzle. ... I like puzzles whose pieces are varied.
When we received the product. We realized we were/ are missing the extended piece. Very disappointed
Keys are touchy. It plays more than a single note on some keys
When I ordered this product I chose two-day shipping. But I recieved my order three days later which doesn't make any sense. Either way I reccomend just doing normal or whatever they reccomend to you because it doesn't ship in two days as said.
These cost 25% of the ones in a catalog. The quality is about average. Although the egg float leaked slowly from day one they are good enough to keep.
The kids kind of don't like it. Kind of awkward.
My South Carolina cards box had Iowa state cards inside, both of two boxes I ordered. I can still use the cards, but not the team I ordered.
These were a baby the ones i wanted should have been for 8year olds
We just received this costume today. I ordered a medium and it came with a medium top and large bottom. Unfortunately it is too close to Halloween to do anything about it so I will have to make do. The quality seems to be decent and will see how long it holds up.
Cute but did not last long .
Not as flexible as made out to be. It is not my grand daughters favorite that is for sure.
Have not used this because we cannot figure this out
Meh. Slow and boring. This thing is pretty cool for about 20 minutes max until the battery runs out. Even when it's fully charged it's still terrible. Our five year old daughter pretty much died of boredom riding this stupid ATV. It's not bad for an infant, but you're better off investing in a gas powered ATV.
Not rare.. mostly common ones
Very Cute. Sound quality, Not so much. The sound directly from the device/phone/tablet is Much better Without the cute Doggo Speaker. Sad.
The music is entertaining and my toddler loves to play with it, however the mic stopped working within 2 days of her playing with it. If you get it for the mic and karaoke then I wouldn't recommend. If you get it just for the music then it can be a winner. FYI we got it mainly for the mic which is why I am disappointed in the product.
As soon as I opened the package I could smell a strong chemical scent. I was hesitant on giving it to my niece due to this issue. Also noticed it is not slow rising. Giving it 2 stars since it at least arrived intact without any tears and colors were nice
Very cute design but very cheaply made. Won't fit on adult fingers. Small amount of stuffing coming out of most all of them.
This is very very small. Really not even big enough to play with. Photo of item is very misleading.
Pros: Great size for all ages, I have a wide range of ages I purchased this for. The down side was that when we inflated and filled it for the first time we noticed a leak in one of the seams. Very disappointed since it was our very first time using it, hard to return since we've already opened and inflated:/
Way too small for wrists and make very little noise.
Good quality, but you have to put each part together. Took a lot of time
The reason why I didn't like this was because 1. It came three days late and 2. The bottle exploded from the bottom and half of the lube was wasted. Do not buy this. Look elsewhere.
I did not like the look or feel of these tiles. They were very lightweight and felt cheaply made. The panda picture on the tile looked much better online than in person. I returned the set immediately and ordered a plain set with quality tiles. BEWARE OF ORDERING THIS ITEM AS THEY DID NOT RETURN MY CREDIT CARD PAYMENT TO MY CARD, THEY ONLY GAVE ME A CREDIT ON AMAZON.
Not very good quality
I like the pin it self. Looks amazing. The pin didn't stay closed so the first time I wore it out it fell off and I lost it. Maybe I just got a bad one it would be better off as a display piece instead.
I've made about ten of these paper/foam models. This one was the hardest and most frustrating. The tabs do not stay in place on the main structure. Attach one piece and another pops out of place. I tried glue which didn't work. I had to resort to taping the pieces together on the inside (hidden side). Also when attaching the whole thing to the base, I cut off half the tabs because there was no way to get them all to fit. Not recommended
Not jumbo at all. This is smaller then the size of my hand. It's cute but not worth the price being as it is so small.
Very disappointed. The box arrived in terrible condition with the Amazon exclusive sticker ripped off of it and completely missing. Box was dented, torn and creased. I've never had something arrive this way from Amazon. These aren't children's toys, these after expensive collector's pieces. The figure itself was floppy and fiddly and Linda best in vehicle mode. I'm not convinced that this isn't a knockoff.
Comes in a Tiny little box...whole thing is super small and definitely not worth the price. My daughter was very disappointed. Returned.
Product was crammed in a box to small An was already opened
This helicopter broke after only a few uses. I wouldn't recommend it if you want something that lasts. I bought this for my grandson and he loved it and is so sad that it broke. Since I bought it for his birthday he has only had it for a few weeks but since I purchased it early I am outside my window of being able to return it.
this didn't have as many games as advertised. My 8 year old is having a hard time playing with it and loses interest in it. What happened to the other games?
It is a great product and idea, but you can barely see the answer when you press with your finger. So with that being said we had to return it and purchase the Lakeshore version instead. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this product.
Thought my 3 yr old would b able to balance on this but poorly constructed thin plastic so it wont sit on water right
My daughters each got one of these. They were really excited about the process of cleaning and drying the pet, but their enthusiasm over the actual stuffed animal waned quickly. Both got the same one, which they tentatively identified as probably a dog. Maybe we did something wrong in the cleaning and drying process, but they look like something you would be disappointed to win at a carnival. Cheaply made and mis-shapen.
Lots of eggs open on arrival. Had to reclose them again.
We received this today but it was missing the yellow guy and came with two captain America's. One of which came broken from the stand.
Very thin and the wire holding it together is hurtful when the baby is crawling through. Wouldn't recommend this for someone with a baby because they can hurt their knees when crawling through.
This item broke after a few days of normal use.
Looks cute but very cheap plastic. Fire truck broke in 3 days.
If your child likes to screw in every hole, then there will only be enough screws to fit on 6 pieces. It comes with a huge pile of the pieces with the holes. I guess it's not intended for you to do that which is strange because kids are going to want to do that. Because it didn't come with many screws to begin with, losing many screws would render it useless quickly. Other than that, it's a lovely toy... too bad they were so stingy with the screws which are just cheap little pieces of plastic.
The leg seam already ripped and had to be fixed with a hand sewing job.
I was admonished against my better judgment to only order DJI products. I order these and have compared them to the DJI propellers that these mirror. The feel thinner and cheaply made. As a result I have refrained from using these to fly my 1k drone.
Bought this for my pool. Inflated it, it worked great the first day. I went to use it again and it completely deflated, inflated again and the air kept flowing out. Could not find a hole in the float but the air was not staying in. Tried to return and it was a huge hassle with the seller. Will not purchase this item again or from seller
make make sure when it comes to children's toys you look elsewhere because the prices on this was
Antlers are kind of heavy so they are easy to fall off
Not as advertised, Is not 6 inches by 5 inches as listed, but rather 4.5 inches by 3 inches. Very deceptive listing.
Don't buy on impulse like I did -- product was fine, matched description, but it's basically a diaper with funny packaging. (Yes, I knew that when I purchased it, so the low rating is totally my fault)
I'm feeling this will last only a few days! I just swatched one of the glitters and I hit the pan! The colors aren't really showing and I would not recommend it.
Very small. Hard to see the tunneling.
Not good Quality...coming apart at the seams. It was a gift and I did not have time to return it so, I ended up having to sew and repair several seams on the doll.
Really lame game even for young kids. They loose interest after one round. It doesn't balance well either -even before adding the beans. Waste of money.
This would probably have been a great puzzle if it had come with all the pieces..we bought if for our homeschool year and have only just opened it in spite of having bought it months ago..and it doesn't have all the pieces....I included a photo of it put together with the pieces that aren't there
Bought two packs. Each had a slime that was dried out in the packs.
This item was very cute, but I saw a little rip on it. I'm so bummed that it's damaged.
Cheaply made, especially the track and train cars. Locomotive was pretty nice. Attachment cars were so light weight that they just sort of slung off the track.
Ball arrived damaged. Still trying to figure out how to get a replacement ball. Bat arrived in fine condition.... just problems with the ball.
It was very tough to get working, but once it was working, my 4 year old became very uninterested very quickly. The whole family, including her, finds it creepy and we took the batteries out and put it far away in the recesses of the closet. Waste of $50.
I purchased this doll in "pink" and am returning immediately. The doll's face and expression instead of looking curious or alert looks stupid and blank. The worst is the feet, they are horrendous. Oversized monster feet with splayed toes, just grotesque! Not realistic, overdone! I was planning to give this to my boys to tell them they're getting a baby sister but I can't give them this Bigfoot! I hope another doll I've ordered will be better! Disappointing for the price. Outfit is knit and pretty but hat is oversized.
My child lost interest after about 10 minutes
Rings that hold laces in place came off on the first day.
I will say it's a hit with the family but very disappointed in the fact that the numbers faded after only like 5x of playing the game. We had to literally right the # back on it lol
Horrible product, just cheap foam
I was really excited about this because not only does it look adorable, but my little gets restless in the car and I thought this would help. The problem is though that the way it fits on her car seat, the toys are like 2 inches from her face. Way too close. We only used it for a day because as she was playing, it was too easy for her to be pulling on it & because the straps are elastic, they bounce back & the toy hits her in the face. Not cool. Will continue looking for a car seat toy that is a bit further away....
The base and pole that goes into the base are very good. But the rings are not really good for the ring toss. They are too light and my grandsons did not like how light they were when tossing and the slightest breeze made it impossible to get the ring around the pole. They seemed cheap and one of them is already broken. It does not appear that there is a spare set of rings I can purchase. I did find some super rings on another website that float and they have a good weight so you can actually toss a ring. I bought them and threw away the flimsy ones that came with the set and now we have a real game!
These were all individual issues with at least half of the guns. Was disappointed as I thought this would be a better product than what you get from the dollar store. It's not. You can get a better quality mini Super Soaker or a 3-pack of squirt guns for the same price from Dollar Tree.
Was way to big size did not meet expectations
Worked reasonably well for about two days, now it's dead. I don't expect a lot out of a trinket I bought on a whim, but somehow this thing didn't manage to meet them. At least it's cute.... I guess?
If you were going to overcharge a customer for an item make sure to take off the price tag showing a cheaper price. They charged me $19.99 for a $13 stocking. (Please see photo). Stocking is thinner than expected but cute. Item came as shown and (other than price) is as described.
The wings were broken.
Cheap plastic piece of crap! Not worth $100. Just like the other reviews said, the front part falls off way too easily
Two parts didn't come in the package.
I'm a POP! collector so I was very disappointed when it came partially open and the front of the box was heavily dented. The POP! figure was also wrapped in bubble wrap making me believe it was already damaged prior to packing and shipping.
The bag was ripped in two places.
It's a cute set and fine for one night like Halloween but within a week of arriving the crown and wand already lost many of the blue jewels. Would not recommend for a long term set for dress up.
Great figure great head scan, but already open, so it's not a gift I'm a collector and so it's disappointing I paid full price I expected a full unopened product
They were much smaller than I expected.
Love it, but if not able to get the case would return, that was a huge selling point to be able to take camping, parties, etc.
Did not come with batteries
I ordered these for my friend's daughter as part of a gift. I didn't expect much, and that's what I got! The quality was very poor. There were only 2 pieces that matched. Instead of a top & bottom, 2 of them were identical bottoms. It was also strange that the sizes ranged so much...some pieces would fit a Barbie doll, others would fit a 15 inch doll. It wasn't worth sending back, but I wouldn't buy from this maker again.
Package was ripped open and it came in a box 5 times too big with nothing else wrapped around it so I'm sure it was thrown around and broke open: was supposed to be a gift.
Definitely not worth $25. The poles were uneven and poked through the fabric. Some poles are straight and some are curved which results in an awkward shape. I bought this for my rat so it doesn't have to be perfect but I was hoping it was going to be better quality.
The product is exactly what I expected. I am not, however, appreciating the "bonus" contents that came pouring out with the toy. A random battery, some glittery, hard clay or play dough pieces and some long tangled human hair. Um, I bought this new. Gross!! The hair is already in the garbage so it's not in the picture. Disappointed to say the least!
The box came dented and torn. It was packaged in a larger box with very little protection. I'm sure it moved around in the box during delivery. I was very disappointed in the box condition because I leave them in their box to display.
my son played with it for a few mins in the back seat while driving and it came apart
Not as shiny as shows in the picture. And it's not a true silver.
Too expensive for what it is. Plus the thumbtack that it brings to "nail it" to the ceiling is useless, unless your ceiling is made out of cardboard..they are flimsy and not worth it.
was ok but never really played with
It was so small! It wouldn't fit on my daughter's head, and she's very small.
Very poorly made. Two of the three trucks broke the night we gave them to my son for his birthday, the third broke the next day. I gave them two stars as opposed to one only because my boys both still continued to play with them. They are a good size and fit well in their hands to play with but would never had bought them had I known how cheaply made they were. Too bad because they look great and my boys love any truck with trailers.
Pretty poor from Amazon on this one. My daughter's first Barbie arrived today with the package totally demolished thanks to Amazon.
Bought these for our 2 year old who loves bikes. Unfortunately, one came already broken- the yellow bike shown in picture. Two other bikes broke within a day, so we've still got one hanging on but probably not for long. Based on the other reviews, I knew these bikes wouldn't last forever, but wasn't expecting them to be done quite so quickly either. Our toddler did enjoy these bikes for the short time they managed to survive.
I would like to give this a higher review, but it didn't come with the lock or keys.
Cute but big very sticky. You have to use tape to really get them to stay on anything
I don't think Hermione's wand is BRIGHT yellow. We ended up painting it brown.
I only got 1 of the 2 blue eyes white dragons that I ordered. So I was charged for 2 when I only got 1 and I have yet to receive a refund for the 1 card that wasn't delivered.
Fine product. Would have been used for putting pearls in for a mermaid party.....but they showed up days late and therefore I could not use them for the party. This seller did not allow returns.
The owl only had 1 eye when it was shipped. Otherwise, it is a nice product for the price.
The stuff was cute but appeared to be very cheaply made. My daughter wouldn't know that. However, the pieces broke quickly and easily. Don't think the set will last another month.
The table toppers were cut incorrectly, making them unusable. I thought maybe they just assembled the wrong ones to each other, so I disassembled and tried to match like ones together, but no, it was just wrong. All the other pieces were fine, though.
Elephant was cute and I liked the fact it had a rattle but the color is very dull.
Item description said 10 colors but I only received 6. The box was damaged. The purple color wasn't closed correctly so it got on some of the other bottles and the box it came in. Pretty dissapointed and not worth doing the return. I opened it with a 3 year old and he wasn't interested in boxing it back up and doing it another day! 😒
It's a cute puzzle, however, the quality of it isn't that great. Quite a few of the pieces also were attached to each other when I first opened the box rather than being "single" pieces.
The peices fit very loose, the image is blurry, and the peices were very dusty.
Dont swim very well... and since it wasnt impressive having four didnt really seem that great.. wish I'd put the money toward One actually good swimming fish toy...
its cute but does not work. the elastic is no right and the bird does not sit on your shoulder, it keeps falling off.
Flies fantastic. However it is made of absolutely poor materials. Canopy and flight board mounts are designed to fail. USB port was unusable after 2 days. Would not recommended, unless you like constantly repairing quads
difficult to operate, instructions very vague.
the box I received looks like its been tampered with and possibly resealed
While it's cute, the price is outrageous for what you get. Maybe I should have paid more attention to the dimensions. The plates are very small cake plates, the napkins are beverage napkins, and the cups are tiny.
Would of been great for my grandson, didn't get all the parts for it. Not good quality control.
Seems very cheaply made. Plastic seems like it will crack very easily
Came with a hole in one of the wings with no patch!
We bought it for our son, thinking it would be kids size. It is not; it is adult size.
Died shortly after arrival.
Cute idea, but came used or damaged. The tray was dirty and the photos were bent, dented, or had circles cut in wrong places.
The box was crushed. I will avoid buying from this seller on Amazon again when buying. Every other pop I have ordered has came in protected with bubble wrap and air packets - not this one, it was just thrown in a box and shipped. I accept the possibility of slight box damage but this one looked like it had been sat on and the shipping box was perfect - meaning it was probably crushed at the seller.
This sticker set is not up to the usual quality of Melissa & Doug sticker sets. The stickers are NOT reusable, and they are of a paper-type quality that easily rips. I have purchased a number of Melissa & Doug sticker sets, and I mistakenly thought this was the same type of set. In their defense, it does note on the package that they are not reusable, but I failed to notice that online. The idea behind this sticker set is great, but I am very disappointed that this wasn't their usual durable product.
Updated review. See bottom Very cute. Nice large eggs, and the little wind up toys are adorable. Only negative so far is that they can break easily. We're using these as potty training rewards, though originally I bought intending on using for Easter. So we're opening them one by one. The Frog was our favorite so far. SPOILER ALERT: It actually does a full back flip, which both surprised us and impressed us. We were sad though when it broke at the end of 1st day. I'm not sure what our 34 month old did to break it, but the legs came off and tee inside winder was pushed in. Bummer because Frog was the coolest one so far. Anyway, for the money, these are awesome eggs/ toys for short lived fun, but that's to be expected. Update, MANY didn't work at all, or broke very easily. What a shame. I tried to reach out on here for help, but never received a reply.
Much smaller than the description says. I have never encountered a "not eligible for return" item on Amazon.
I bought this toy for my son birthday but it is not working it is so sad because he wants it to move it hurts when you wants to make your child happy for his birthday and has been disappoint ed. Can Amazon check these things before shipping?
Too small. I hoped they were bigger!
I thought there would be dividers or clips for each marker and crayon. The supplies float freely I. The case, which is a mess.
The orbits do not get big at all the bottle they came in is very small!
doesn't work as advertised
Blew it up and it was beautiful. But it was flat in a few hours because of a hole we couldn't find. Returned it. Was so sad because I loooove the look!
Opened well, closing it back was a whole other matter. Kinda cheaply made but price is proportional to quality.
All the pieces were there and goid quality but the sticker on the bag was ripped off
The pop itself was fine .. but for the price I paid I would expect the box not to be damaged. It was, has tape all over it, small tears and warped in some places
Well the track is fine. The cars were fine, but broke within two days. They light up and move very slowly, but they don't have enough power to propel them on the track.
after 50 squeezes it worked 2 times :(
Isn't what the picture shows.. unfortunately we ordered this because my daughter has one that looks like the picture shown here, & she needed a replacement. But it looks too different from the picture shown. I think you should update the picture cause the pic shown isn't what we got.
I ordered this for my nine year old daughter for a skit at their Grandparent's Day program. The quality is ok but it is super super small. Like it won't even cover my child's head and there is no way we could get her hair in it to be hidden. Will be sending back :(
This is an ok toy but the arms are constantly coming off, be prepared for your child to constantly be asking you to put the arm back on.
My kids hated this toy. Its not entertaining and actually pretty annoying. regret this purchase very much.
These heads stop oscillating as soon as any pressure is put on them, so I would not buy them again.
Box crayons came in was ripped and 4 packs of crayons missing!
Quality is good but it is for children, do not buy this if you are a full size adult. It will not fit your face.
Still isn't here after 3 days after the latest expected date.
Get what you pay for. Won't be repurchasing. Very cheap and break super easily!
I was excited when I first put this on my watch. The quality looks high and makes the watch standout. Unfortunately the magnet isn't strong enough and it comes apart very easily. I had this on my watch for 2 days before it fell off and I lost the top half. Suggestions: stronger magnet or hinges
It was tiny and a rip- off. It should not be 20 bucks just for some teeny tiny planets.
Does not hold the doll properly
My grandson found this train set very enjoyable. However. it was not durable, tracks broke within 2 weeks. We've been too busy to seek to return this item.
We bought two for our boys for Christmas. Sadly one wouldn't work after he first two minutes no matter how much we charged the battery and brand new batteries not the remote. We are buying another in hopes we can have two that work. We have no clue how or why it stopped worked instantly. The directions didn't really help either as to trouble shooting what the issue is. One bummed out 3 year old.
Earpiece broke after only a few uses. Connector to headpiece is flimsy plastic.
The drone is hard to control
Cute packaging but all my caterpillars died :( I'm not sure what happened I followed the directions but just got them Wednesday and after the first day they did good. Then the next day one died, then the next day another and so on. There was one that was doing good and growing but this morning I checked and it died too!!
They came on time but did not work well
Things were in good condition other than the DVD. Which is the main part of the game. Completely scratched and wouldn't play. Upsetting for a little kid who got it for Christmas and can't even play it.
Backing arrived cracked but we didn't have enough time to return so we cut new wood ourselves to fix it.
Bought 2 boxes for an elementary school dance party. One of the boxes was short 1 ring. We had 3 seperate dance parties that lasted 45 minutes each. Most rings didn't last that long. Some rings wouldn't even turn on. Some rings broke off at the top part revealing the inside metal parts. Other rings that did turn on, didn't stay on the whole party.The delivery almost didn't even make it in time for the parties.
Hi, There is no tool to make the Radio Flyer 4-in-1 Stroll 'N Trike running. Could you please help to solve this issue? Thanks
It looks great in the pictures but it was delivered to the wrong address. It was not delivered to me.
Just received a beat up box with the plastic components and nothing else. No hardware no directions. How do I contact manufacturer to get the parts? I don't want to return it because it's huge.
Typical cheap made in china products. The rockets fell apart after a couple uses.
Pieces (some, not all, in plastic bags) arrived in cardboard Amazon box. No Fisher Price box. This item was intended as a gift. Very unsatisfied.
The design is beautiful and my baby was very excited to see it. However, when opened one of the two gold coloured plastic knobs was already broken from the shipping, despite being protected in foam. Very disappointed to have to return the gift which was supposed to be for her birthday.
Mice worked wonderfully.... until like 10 minutes later when the wind up piece broke off.
These fans are not actually bright colors-they look like faded colors.
You blow the horn up and it is very difficult to close the inflator valve before you nearly lose all the air out of the horn. Cat found it very uncomfortable and tried to knock it off the whole time. It also made him watery at the mouth. The product looked like it should have according to the picture, we prefer to use it on stuffed animals, though.
It is cute, but the quality is pretty flimsy. The 80 on top is a little heavy for the letters below. Looms like there were some tears between some of the letters that made it less sturdy. Didn't realize it was made In China so i guess that explains it!?!
The front tires are coming out so quickly and they are not easy to steer.
They are way bigger than I thought. I'm sure the decisions were listed. They didn't look as realistic daughter wanted. I think she played with them twice.
One card was duplicated 10 times, another 16, the holos had 2 sets of 3 of a kind, the remaining 4 were also duplicates, I guess some of these will make nice coasters for my drinks.
It only has one setting so it is loud and it stopped working properly within 4 days. It was cute when we got it but quickly became blah
This cover is for camera protection while storing/transporting your Spark. It is not used while in-flight.
The figure had a little bit of dirt marks on his face but that wasn't the only reason I returned him. Main reason was the box was damaged on the back. Not bad but for a in box collector, I rather spend 20 bucks and get a mint box than this for $8
I assumed that this was a larger photo booth back drop and props. The way that they have it pictured in the photo with the balloons next to it is very deceiving. I found the description to be a bit deceiving as well. It's a cute little banner but, I couldn't use it for what I had ordered it for. I should have read the other reviews before ordering.
4 different designs...but the black ghost bags stuck together at the opening and ripped when trying to pry them apart...the other 3 design bags were good
Got replacement and still no pens just like in the picture!
I'm a 5'3” girl and none of this fits me. Ordered in a large I guess it's childrens sizing only. Super tight and scratchy on the arms and knees. Wouldn't recommend. The helmet is ok.
Slow on shipping but came intact once it arrived.
Got the package and it's missing the teeth, which is the best part of the game ☹️
The spinner itself is fine, but it doesn't glow very well. Definitely doesn't glow like in the picture. My daughter was a little disappointed.
SMALL!!!! This cart is more for a 1 year old. The handle will not stay up. It is cute but the quality is lacking. For $3.00 more buy the bigger and absolutely better version from Melissa and Doug. Certainly not worth $12.99 !!!
I was hoping the charge would last longer than 30 minutes.
Smaller than expected. Product seeker cheaply made. Kid loves it and the animal theme is so cute! Overall it's okay.
Good details, but the stick that holds it up is very flimsy. When you turn the figure it falls over because it's to too heavy.
Cheap quality requires 15 minutes to assemble
As an avid Disney fan, I was really looking forward to receiving this item as I found the key ring to be beautiful! I was expecting a bright, shiny key with a gold finish just as shown/described in the picture and product description. Instead, what I recieved this morning was a very tarnished and dull key ring- no "gold finish" in sight. There are several areas that look used, worn out and faded (particularly the gems and the "teeth" of the key). In my picture, you can see that the key is darkest near the bottom making it difficult to see the character details. I'm very disappointed with my order as the item I received did not match what was advertised.
Plates were folded in half inside package. I could never get out the bend. A portion of the cups leaked at the bottom seam.
I wish you would have said it didn't come with balls, after reading the extra extra fine print in noticed that it said that balls weren't included
Never worked right. Bought a different one from the store to replace after this one just kept shutting off
Great quality but way bigger then anticipated.
Very dissapointed. They came in a box (like deck of cards box) it was squished and trashed. I am very upset. This is a gift and looks like I found them in the gutter.
So cute and lots of fun stuff. However mine was measured poorly and the screws won't line up.
Not worth it at all for the money. Get a water table instead. The top holes clog so easily it barely does what it's designed to.
Love these lounger floats! We got these instead of the cheaper brand thinking they would last longer. We haven't even used them two months and one won't hold air. Both are also very faded. Very disappointed & hoping it can be replaced. It's only my husband and I so no kids were roughhousing on them. Our cheaper versions from two years ago look better and still work like new.
Bag was ripped. Luckily the item wasn't damaged.
Did not last the whole summer, the seam where the lounge meets the arm rest is a weak spot in the design had two both popped in the same area
Won't stay shut and make up wasn't worth a crap just go to the dollar tree and buy stuff there it's less greasy
stopped steering, only went straight. Car fell off counter and stopped working which makes sense, but I don't know why the remote would stop as well. Wish it were made more sturdy - lot of money for something that broke so quickly. Started off as the best gift ever...
Not at all what is described in the picture very cheaply made and paid extra for this nice canopy but yet all I received was some ugly sheet that didn't even have any curves or hang over on sides at all
Too heavy- awful case!!! Junky
Started to smoke as soon as I hooked it up
This is cute, but larger than expected. Due to the size it takes a large amount of extra balls to fill. Also, the ball slide in the center is a cute idea but tough rumor little ones to reach the top and balls get stuck going down.
Only had it a month zipper already ripping from material cheaply made
Nice d6 dice very misleading product picture showing whole dice set I guess shame on me for not reading the description still feel tricked
I purchased this for my daughter to practice counting money (purchased some plastic currency to go along with it). She likes the dog, and enjoys putting money in it. However, it is impossibly hard to get the coins back out of this to let her do it again. The only way to get it open is by removing the head (something I recommend doing out of eye-sight of the child) and it requires a significant amount of effort and quite a bit of luck. Getting the head back on is also a chore. So much so that we've stopped encouraging putting the currency into this and just using it as a play dog toy. It keeps some points for being a cute toy, loses most points for not being good at what it's supposed to be.
This is a Christmas gift so it hasn't been played with but the packaging it came in was really bad. No box or anything. It came in a bent and cracked plastic like it was returned. It doesn't look new. Just very disappointed in the packaging!
Got these for prize box for my students. All were brought back to me, broken. The minute the kids turned them, they fell apart.
I was not happy that this car did not operate as described. Had to return.
Cute and fun for a few baths until the novelty wears off. Kids don't play with them much anymore (they were a Christmas gift and it's not August). Over the past two months the decal part has started to peel off the foam shapes.
Wanda are cheap & break easily. So do the glasses. So frustrating since these were the part favors.
Cheap stuff , if your looking to sell don't bother. If your looking to give out , maybe. For .35 a piece you get what you pay for
Aquaman's came broken could of happened during shipping overall dissatisfied with the quality!
lots of dust on the crayon when i open the box, looks like made 10 years ago, have to wipe them before using them.
Quickly came apart. Low quality. Not impressed at all.
Not for age listed. Sharp rods.
Game came in a plain brown card board box. Not a regular game box. Nothing to store the pieces in now.
I opened up the box and it is a Christmas gift for my grandson. Unfortunately it fell out of the box and was totally loose from the packaging of the action figure. It seriously looks used. Very disappointed
Fun toy when it wants to work. It takes multiple tries for the remote to engage the toy. Buttons are flimsy and toy does not always react fast to the commands. The main positive is that the toy is sturdy.
Not durable enough for an active baby, only 3 months old and already tearing apart.
The shark itself was awesome but the fun never held air.. It still gets used but I didn't intend on purchasing a product that had a defect.
two out of the four necklaces didn't glow and they brake easily
Super cute but the packaging was in poor condition and the “sticky” side wouldn't even stick to my phone case. Made me think it was used.
I thought this was a big sturdy magnet. Instead, it is plastic cover over four small magnets.
Figurine was discolored and looked stained.
The pieces are ok, but the instructions that came with them were terrible.
Great quality but would fit a Barbie, not my daughter's 14 inch doll
I get novelty but these are worse than Dollar store quality lol. Meh. Get what you pay for I suppose.
The way the stethoscope packed in this box already gives the cord a kink before using. My daughter (3yo) loves it but the cord won't last given how the stethoscope was packed.
Bought this item as a Christmas present for a child and the packaging on the Hexbug was cut-up and thrashed. The shipping container of the item, however, was undamaged. Im hoping this item is better than how it appears on the exterior packaging.
Fun toy but hang onto those balls as if your life depends on it.
Does not hold up very well...it popped too easily (and not from user error).Seams are flimsy and it pops easily even with a very quiet,easy going child who just sits inside and plays with the balls.she was not jumping or bouncing around at all.dont buy it unless you plan on being a repeat customer for this item at least once a month.
My toddler doesn't like this, the buttons are hard to push and its difficult to figure out how to use it
I do not like how these are numbered. I tried to match the numbers to the ones that came with my Breeze drone and thought i had it. Till about 5 minutes into the flight the drone landed itself. I tried to re-launch and it gave me an error about payload limit exceeded. I tried one more time and that is when i say the motor these were put onto tilting off it's mounting point in the drone. I could not stop it before it cam completely off. After about an hour and a half i had fixed the motor and had it remounted. What happened was the motor got extremely hot and melted itself out of the drone. I believe this was due to the wrong prop being used on that motor. Because the numbering system they use on these does not match the original props.I also had to file down the brass insert on the props to get them to fit correctly. Otherwise they were really tight on the mounting screw. This also I think aided in the motor over heating. After it was fixed i put the original prop back on it and have had over an hour of fly time with it. So, it had to have something to do with these props. At it was only two props I used.
Battery charger lasted a day Poor construction
This is cute, but it arrived all scratched up and dirty. I'm not sure if it's worth the time to return. This isn't the first time this has happened with toys bought from Amazon.
It is tiny in size. I ended up making my own which is much cheaper and greater design.
Book was good. The container is super small. About 3 inches and has stuffing it. Almost all shark teeth.
Smaller than what I thought.
Product is average. Its very light and quality is poor. Usually such puzzles are of a much higher quality than this. Donot send this as a gift to anyone.
Overall it's nice and I would give it 5 stars but my front cover came crumbled and the pen was broken in half. I'm extremely disappointed other than that it would have been great.
Very cute, but the Velcro rips off the back of the felt very easily leaving no way of using the decorations.
When I received the doll it had been crushed and damaged.
product delivered earlier than expected and packaged appropriately, but much smaller than I expected and wanted for a three -year -old.I will return
Brought it for my grandson for Christmas dont think he liked it
The mixer doesn't mix all the way to the bitten of bowl.
No white. There is a light orange yellow color that is beige-y but not white. Why put “white” in the description if there isn't any. All it takes is one person to notice and write an accurate description. Is that too much to ask? Now, I still need to buy white balloons. Annoying.
I'm giving this 2 stars only because I had to assemble the banner. I'm not lazy, but I guess I should've opened the package before instead of on my sons party where I only had 15 mins to decorate. There was no way I could sit there trying to sort out the letters AND add the string in each one. I didn't get to put it up as decoration but I'm sure if I did it would've been cute.
I like most puzzles, but not these. Gave them away. Too thin, poor quality.
The case looks nice, most of the items are snug and tight so they wont come loose....but the Mavic Air cut-out is not good. No matter what I do, my blades get bent and twisted and that defeats the purpose of making a case like this...I should not have to take off the blades to make it work. I dont want to cut the foam...which is possible because it would probably void any warranty. Not happy. Everything else fit good...except the main thing, my drone. Guess I'll return this unless the seller reaches out to fix this issue.
First time buy was great, second time buy not so much. About 80 of the 100 cards from the second set were duplicates of the first. I did get a handful of different cards but ultimately I'd suggest buying once but not more than that
Box was crushed in ...
not worth the PRICE 3 of the pieces won't stay attached.
Doesn't look real. Much too big.
This was such a cute item but the drawers were way too small to fill with a piece of candy. When I received the item the knobs were broken off and the trees were all broken off. Not packed to well. They were great about the return though.
Very small and cheaply made
Plates and cups are super tiny good size for a little kid which it was for a little kid party but was way smaller than I expected
surprised that you must assemble this yourself - too much trouble
Not worth the price. Bought this for my 10 month old who likes "figuring things out" and is very into switches and putting things in/taking them out. To my disappointment, her reaction to this has been very meh. In addition, the design is not great - it's too light weight so every time she pushes down on one of the "arms" it tips over. I also wish the edges of the holes where the balls go into were softer/more rounded. It's really easy for the hard plastic ridge to pinch her fingers if she's holding onto the ball while pushing it in. As others have said, the spring/click feature on the purple/green balls isn't great either. One of ours works well, the other usually only pops out about halfway and only about half the time. Frustrating because I had high expectations that this toy would be a favorite!
Cheaply made. Played with it twice and it already stopped working. My daughter loved the idea of it.
Was not magnetic.....could not hold letters.
I liked the product, but as soon as I received it one of the wings was hanging on one thread. I couldn't return it, my daughter won't let go of it so we had to stitch it up, it's ok now
Disappointed. Thought it would be more sturdy, better quality
Doesn't stay velcroed and it lumpy and strange.
After assessment I like it but not love it because one piece came broken. Also the directions are in black & white with pictures not that easy to see. Also when I opened the box everything inside looked like it was all just thrown in there, I thought maybe it was used even tho I didn't order a used one. Anyways don't feel like going through a return process because it's for my nieces birthday & it won't come back on time.
Hair accessories are dumb. They do not stay on whatsoever. The doll is top heavy and constantly tops over when you play with her.
Loved the pin so much but I just noticed the image had completely wiped off not sure how that happened. I was only wearing it on my work uniform for about a week.
Cute but cheaply made
It's head fell off one day, was ok for a while.
Spins great but breaks very very easily
There was a chip in the varnish of the wood base which was super disappointing since this was a gift. Otherwise it's neat and comes in a nice box.
Flimsy, tough to get to work right. I gave up. :\
I love the idea of them, they look nice, pretty colors but many were broken right out of the box.
Purchased as a gift. However, you may find it cheaper elsewhere.
A little upset with the item. The box looks like it was open if you look closely at the first pic. Second picture looks like box was on the floor. If I wanted to pick up something from a ten year old seller at the thrift store I've would of done that.
My daughter was not happy that the bottom of the horn is ripped.
The lid doesn't stay on very well.
I received this order and the first time my niece used the them they linked. Was not pleased with the product. I like the set and the delivery time on this product.
Needles break so easily and the supplies provided are really hard to thread through the needle.
Box came in poor condition
Very cheap made material.
I like the hot pink colir however the case is very flimsy and it doesn't roll like it says. It has wheels but doesn't work correctly. Theres very little room to carry any clothes along with the doll. Very small fit.
Not the size I wanted but quick delivery
They look very pretty but very very very thin. When I tried to separate the bags, they would rip really easily and mess up the bags.
Product came damaged. The item hd leaked out of packaging. So I did not view item. I returned.
Disliked smell and looks different than in picture 2 stars for softness as expected.
Great colors but they just don't connect easily. I should have stuck with name brand legos. I would not buy these again
voice did not work on it.
Cheaply made but since I bought it for a 7 year old it works
Its not bean bags that come with this set. It feels like the three bags you toss at the cans are filled with scrap garbage. They are lumpy. I want what was advertised. I want 3 bean bags.
The mat is very difficult to take out of the container. And the mat is very easily creased.
I got this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old. This car is fun and fast. However during the first ten minutes of use parts broke off and we are no longer able to steer the car. He was very disappointed and so was I. I would think an offroading remote control car would be plenty more durable but this is car is very fragile and parts break easily. I'm sending it back for a refund.
small in size as compare to price
Decorations were nice except the table cloth. It had black all over it and Ryder's eyebrows were missing or very faint on a few of him.
The product was fine. Cheap, dollar store cat figurines. Two packs of identical 12 cats which is what I figured I was getting from the reviews. However, we got for a cat and dog birthday party and I decided to make it a dog only birthday party. I wanted to send them back, but was going to have to pay $6 or more for return shipping. Which obviously isn't worth it. Would be nice to know that return shipping is not actually Prime free shipping.
I enjoyed bouncing for awhile, then it started making me feel a bit seasick.
The pieces on the face began to fall off after it had been out of the packaging for about 15 minutes. But my kid had fun and it was cheap so not a total loss.
Price was great. A little disappointed on the way the set was packaged. The small doodle/ sketch pad was bent in the box. Would fine if I hadn't ordered the set for a raffle basket/ Chinese auction fundraiser.
I had ordered two Elsa dolls for my daughter and for her friends birthday and both dolls were nice but the plastic on BOTH of the packaging was pushed in badly and it looked like someone put tape in random places. It just looked like it was used. I dont recommend this is u were buying it for a gift.
This item fit slightly large. The quality wasn't great, graphics a bit blurry on print. The hanging straw-like pieces got stuck to my daughter's diaper constantly, just like Velcro. Accessories were ok and as pictured but the dress and top were a complete miss.
A birthday gift for my granddaughter. She will love it but the package came all bunged up. Corners smashed. I wouldn't mind if it weren't for her birthday. K-Mart shipped it. With Amazon that wouldn't have happened.
It really does look great when set up (and not torn), and my kids love it. That being said, it's incredibly cheap made. We've had to reinforce the seams roughly three times since buying it 2 months ago. Honestly, you can probably do a DIY one for less money and better quality... I wish we would have!
I would recommend to the seller to change the photo to reflect what you are actually selling. At a quick glance the set shows for 8 people, but the items received were for only 6. Lesson learned on my part I guess.
Two large for size scale they are aiming for. Barbie maybe.
Did not get the anchoring device as pictured. Disappointed
I was not to happy with this one. If you are planning to buy this one think about it because this is all you will get. Yes is so cute and almost perfect until my kid's realized that it doesn't make any noise and the green ghost it doesn't show up it just a green dot. My kids got bored right away. Waste of 💰
I like this World Land Map Puzzles but i was not happy when I found out that there's missing parts. So disappointed.
Cheap. Broke right away
Not worth buying. It's not attractive at all. kids like attractive things. Poor quality. Blurr letters and not worth buying stuff like this. Under 3 kids will get confused with this book. Print should be good and it should grab the kids mind to see again and again but my baby didn't not touch second time.
Cute kit. Received three bounce ball molds however one mold was the same sides, therefore would not go together for use. Other molds worked and bounce balls were created. But was disappointing for my Special needs child and this was a Christmas request!
Dies in like 5 uses. One container had completely white sand in it still, like the coloring wasn't melted yet.
I don't like how the trains always fall off the motorized part! It's junky compared to some Thomas tracks we've had in the past! Wish I would've ordered a better one!
Very nice design but the top came with a dark spot on it rather than being shiny like the rest of the coin.
5 stars for the toy itself but it's condition upon arrival was deplorable. It's supposed to be a Christmas gift for our child. Guess I'm going to have to say Santa dropped it from his sleigh. Come on, put the product in a shipping box.
One of my two beach balls came with a hole.
Broke within a day. Very disappointed with the quality. I was thinking Bruder was top of the line and for the price we paid, I think it's ridiculous that it broke so quickly.
These were for my son's graduation party. The balloons did not float with helium. I had to use tape to use as wall decorations instead.
The marker washes off as soon as you wash it. The bottle itself is good quality though but don't expect your child's design to be permanent.
they broke easily,disappointed!
I didn't like these type of cups
Funko pop itself is great. As always, buying funko pop on Amazon is like playing Russian Roulette if you are a box collector. I wish I have not bought it but it was so cheap that I had to take a chance and I lost. Amazon won't allow you to return them so be aware of it before you buy them. If you don't care for the condition of the pop, then it's a great deal.
I love this set, the thing I'm upset about is that it is NOT MAGNETIC and that's why I ordered it in the first place and that's what it states in the caption please send me a magnetic one
I've had two of these now and on both the screen was messed up displaying dark lines through the top of the screen first, then most of the screen not working anymore. Not sure what's causing this? UPDATE: now on my fourth after yet another screen crapped out.
Confetti all falls to the bottom unlike how the picture is shown. My husband was able to rub the balloons on the carpet to create some static and the confetti stuck a little bit. Still nothing like the picture.
Really doesn't vacuum anything just makes sound but is too low to hear
Randomly crashes then works okay after that. The camera is aimed a little too far down so you have to fly it really far up enable to see anything
This was exactly what we wanted BUT when we went to hang it at the party, it was missing the metal hanger to string it up and actually use it! How disappointing! We ended up just emptying the candy onto a table and letting the kids come grab it. If you buy it, note you'll have to put your own hanger on it. I feel like this is a standard pinata feature...
Returned because they were too small for the children.
Comfortable to lounge in, horrible to get in and out of.
The propellers came in a very flimsy package from the supplier. As a result, a few of the blades were damaged (bent at the tips). You can't use damaged blades. I started the process of getting this fixed, but the I realized that I was just wasting my time. The entire purchase was for about $10. Instead of spending more time trying to get this fixed, I will just not order anymore items from that supplier.
This tent seems nice enough and pretty durable. Putting it together was a huge hassle and it is not explained well in the instructions. Also, it tilts. Most likely because there isn't a pole to place right by the opening. My daughter likes it but if I could go back I would not purchase this item.
Some pieces in one of the puzzles were missing. The paper of the puzzle is not of a good quality and the edges of the pieces are curving up. I should've stayed with Ravensburger...
They are a cute addition to my grandson's army gear but 2 of them didn't work.
The letter were falling off when I took it out of the box. Was really disappointed.
Box had 10 Crayons missing. The grand children will not notice, but I do.
Pop itself is in good condition but no packaging whatsoever and the box is damaged
Not bad but 2 of the extruders were crushed in shipment and had to be trashed.
These balloons smelled like gasoline, horribly. I could not even blow them up to let the kids play with due to the smell! I got some filled with Helium and they started coming down within 4 hours of getting them filled. Cute product but overall I was disappointed
Had to return cause it was handle and manual.
The mechanics that make this thing work are so loud you can barely hear the toy talking. It sounds like grinding gears and motors but not like a car... like a cheaply made toy. Pretty frustrating for the price. I Paid $50 but really $20 would have been more than it was worth. My kid mostly keeps it turned off and pushes it without the sounds.
To many holes in the pool area that the water pressure wasn't strong enough to go up the side of the slide and get the whole slide wet. Also, this POS needs more plastic stakes beside the two at the beginning of the slide.
Fun but constantly comes apart.
Once opened up, it will never return to it's original form. I studied the instructions to no avail. The pieces didn't seem to go that way. But the texture and feel of the wood is very nice. So I am keeping them.
Too large and too tough. Couple balls arrived with peeling off
Like other reviews posted, toy appears old and box damaged. Not acceptable to give as a gift.
The pieces do not interlock on all four sides, therefore it did not stay together very well.
My granddaughter used it once and the needle broken and its not replaceable.
Pour quality tiles. Many missing paint or paint smeared all over the tiles. Shipping was quick and the company did extend the offer to return or a $10 courtesy credit. Hassle to return as I didn't keep outer shipping box.
Very small pieces don't stay together
Poor quality in the painting on the ducks; some had smudges. I thought they would be a little different.
My Grandchildren were quickly disappointed after they discovered them in their Easter Baskets. Some of them barely wobbled or moved. A few just stopped working the first time they played with them during our Easter celebration. Very cute looking but made cheap. Complete waste of money, and made my Grandchildren sad. I do NOT recommend.
This was frustrating. I don't want to return these, because some of the pins are very nice. But I have two duplicates in the lot (2 copies of 2 different pins), and there were only 24, not 25 pins. Should I return? Or is there another way to rectify this situation?
Broken pieces within days
The print quality was as expected. They did a really good job making my mat, but it took over a month longer than advertised to arrive. A couple days after ordering, I received a tracking number, but for a month the tracking info just said that they had printed a shipping label and USPS was awaiting the package from the seller. I contacted them twice about it (with slow responses) over the course of a month before the tracking status changed to "in transit". I ordered it on June 25th, and it just barely arrived today, August 5th. Also, it did not come with the advertised sleeves. Overall, the quality is great for a $15 custom job, but they took WAY too long and had poor communication.
Disappointed in quality for price. Voice is not very kid friendly.
This is not as easy to maneuver as it appears.
The necklaces arrived unassembled and required a jump ring (not provided) to attach the charm to the necklace. I bought these for my daughter's birthday party. Luckily I design jewelry and happened to have jump rings and tools handy so that I could add them. Otherwise these would have been a complete waste.
I'm confused. Reading the directions it looks like you only move your trophy one direction. If that's the case how will the men ever ask an orange question and the women ask a yellow question? Help.
This product took a very long time to arrive. They were hard to set up and don't work that well.
Very difficult to assemble due to the POOR construction of parts. Finally glued it together.
These cards are smaller than most, and not well coated, so difficult to shuffle, even after using several times. Inexpensive, so will use them for travel (bought 2 decks), and not worry if they get lost. Not eligible for return.
They funko pop is in good condition but the left foot is not straight on the floor so it keeps falling over at the slightest touch when not in the box...
The picture shows a blue, red, yellow and pink guitar. Well I happen to order it because of the red one and guess what? My package came with 2 pinks and no red! And I don't have time to buy a different one... anyways, if you are expecting a determined color don't buy this, you never know what you will get. Other than that the product is good.
This is not an electronic toy. Of course I didn't realize but it should be. You should pop the letters in and it should say the letter. I kept it but it is not really doing much except being a puzzle at this point. I wanted it to help teach my child his letters but without sound it doesn't work that way. Also the clasp is really hard to open. The goodness about that is it doesn't fall open and spill the pieces but seriously I struggle opening it. The only feature I like is that the letters click into place and stay so it is very sturdy.
Couldn't get it to work very well
Not really a very useable design. If digging into even sand its hard to get a bucket full. The bucket is on a bad angle.
Bought from Skin & Health RX. The shipping was fast. And I am impressed by that however the right leg is completely skew. It looks like a factory fault which can be easily seen from outside the box. The leg can't bend either. I live overseas so sending it back for another would prove to cost me more than I paid. Just a heads up, ask them to check it before you buy it.
Battery compartments are poorly designed. They turn off randomly and if you don't know someone is trying to reach you they're basically useless. Other than that major flaw they're great
Way too loud! Doesn't work on carpet. The batteries will not stay in! I don't want my grandson to swallow or play with batteries. I'm one day late to return 😕
Dominos are yellow, not white like the picture shows. The paint on them also looks as if 3 year old painted them. They do not look like the picture at all. Not worth my time sending them back to amazon for the amount of money that they cost.
I got this hooked up tonight and found tons of dead bulbs even the replacement bulbs where hit and miss. I'm a bit disappointed. I contacted the seller ill up the review.
Helicopter was complete but the product had obviously been opened, assembled, disassembled placed back into bags (not all pieces in the correct bags and some pieces still together) and taped back up. This was passed off as new and we paid the price of new. But it was CLEARLY not new. Frustrating when we paid so much.
Hi there, my wife bought this Drone for me at Christmas and while I love the look, the hovering, the Back Home Return button, but my drone simply does not stay connected with the app. I have tried an Android and an iPhone. I did not purchase a drone to just fly. I got one for amazing pictures and video but so far have been very unlucky and even bad with connectivity. If anybody else has this same problem and knows what to do please advise. I do not want to try and return this thing but I may have to if the connectivity does not work.
Charger did not work. Unable to use Product until a new charger that you have to pay for is sent for replacement
the tin suggests the putty glows but it doesn't really glow. It is just normal putty -- a good tension-reliever and good to fiddle with but it doesn't really have any special qualities (other than being a pale color rather than black or dark grey as other putties)
Every turn you add a tile to the board and make your dragon move on a series of printed paths while trying to avoid flying your dragon on a path that leads off the board. Very simple to stay alive and almost always comes down to the last person placing a tile. Not worthy of a purchase unless it is for the very young.
Not happy. Thought doll was gonna be dressed in pink. She came in polka dots. I bought it mainly for the hat for another doll and I wanted it to be pink.
These smell terrible. They reek of pungent chemical. They are soft and squishy, but the scent is awful.
Love these flashcards, but... I bought them new and got a clearly used set. They were in the box and wrapped in saran wrap. There are multiple sets of the numbers 1 through 10, and I'm missing a 2.
Definitely looks a lot different upon arrival! Cheaper looking, hat is smaller than pictured. Less feathers in picture.
Bought these for my 5 year old. As a grown man I struggle trying to put LEGO pieces into place on this platform. The smaller pieces lock in somewhat easy but not larger ones. Bummer.
Was not the greatest quality. Not impressed
I bought three of these. All of the ESCs died in few months. One of the motors died. I am now using Turnigy ESCs in all my planes and they are working great. Two stars only because it got me started in the hobby. For the same money I spent I could have gotten Turnigy motors and ESCs instead. I think I would have much happier going that way first. I would not recommend this product.
Received and the purple button was broken. The plastic that attaches the button mechanism to the body of the toy had broken.
When I opened the package I thought this was a joke. It's 3" and you can barely see anything through it. The picture online is bigger than the actual product. Disappointing.
When I opened the box, the product was damaged with a punctured hole in the front (opposite of the side I saw when I opened the box). The shipping box was completely undamaged or punctured. returning item and ordering a new one. Will change review when get new item. They did however ship it extremely fast and timely, so props on that.
Easy to assemble . Cuts are NOT symmetrical. Please see photo attached. Not happy to have paid $20 for quality like that . Disappointed
Got these for my 5 yr old. Hes transforming a few number and plastic staps... he was upset. Love the concept, enjoy a the ones not broke yet but cant build the main bot because of broken parts.
Hard to work with, hardly any color what so ever. Chap cheap cheap
I ordered the robes and wand set. Unfortunately the sweater that came with it is not what they advertise. Instead of the maroon and gold Gryffindor colors along the V-neck, it's red, yellow and green. It may not be a big deal to some, but i specifically didn't buy from another seller because the picture was of the one I got, so this is very frustrating to me. Other than that everything looked as it should. No idea how it fits on an American Girl style doll since it's supposed to be a Christmas present for my daughter. I'm giving 2 stars for inaccuracy.
I got these for a school play for my son, I ended up painting the inside of the ears to be more realistic but they looked adorable on my son. They matched his hair do well they looked like they were part of him. Not fantastic quality but good enough for what I needed
We bought it for our 6-yr old grand daughter and she loves it but the quality of this product is not all that great. I would not buy it again.
The planes and vehicles were nowhere near in scale and totally useless! The soldier's were okay, not the best. Can not recommend. Better sets out there.
This product did not work well for us. We attempted to use it for my son's many lego bricks. Once we cinched the bag, we weren't ever able to get it to lie flat again. Once the bag was filled, it was so heavy he couldn't carry it. He would literally drag it from one room to another. And, when you have let go of the cinched bag, you basically have a big blob on the floor. It doesn't maintain a shape; it's a blob. We were excited to try it, but it didn't work well for us.
Broke after about a week of playing with it. Too flimsily made to last much longer.
A lot of duplicates and they are pretty basic. Even the shiny cards were duplicates of non shiny cards! I might as well have just done the 10 option... I definitely fell for the higher price = better cards farce.
Won't stay on the table very well. It's fine- but not great
The pieces Did not stick into the dinosaurs legs or bodies the legs did not stick into the bodies and put them in and they feel completely out if anything I would like a refund or credit towards my account my son loves these dinosaurs but the legs or not stay in the bodies
Very cheaply made and not at all what I thought it would be
Bought this for an introductory drone. Has to charge for hours for just 5 minutes of flight time, not enough time to really learn
Everything arrived on time and my 5yr old was so excited to get this until we opened the box and realized we got a used microphone!! I immediately contacted Amazon and got my money back!!
The dragon itself is good, however the box is completely destroyed. I'm returning it for a replacement, will update review based on condition of new product.
I would recommend it as just a collectible that stays in the box and is just for show.
Cute little bear, but MUCH smaller than anticipated. I purchased this to sit upon a shelf in my daughter's teddy bear themed room, and was very surprised how small the figurine was.
This product is very flimsy and doesn't include the instruction. It comes with 2 pumps which is nice, but they both broke with 15 min of use.
Could not control. Went straight to the air immediately. Took outside turned on and flew straight over the house and landed somewhere but we cannot find it. So not worth it and I would like a refund.
Bought for my daughter's birthday. The putty was sealed but she left the magnet in the jar. Where they magnet set it dried out the putty. Not worth the money.
I bought this for my 4 year old he loves it. It the thing does not work right all the time
Not sure it was worth the money
It came in squished in a small box . The box was pretty much wrecked. Besides that came in fast .
Bought the product and the propeller guards were not included! Also either the batteries or the charger is faulty! I plug the charger in and the red light comes on but when I plug a battery into the charger it either shuts the light of or just stays on never flashes or turns green for a complete charge!
Cheap and have a 2 piece top mount style. Its aluminum, but where it mounts to the chassis it is plastic which broke after 5 minutes of use on a small jump at a track. Save up $20 more for the traxxas big bore shocks.
Why smaller then anticipated I hope my nephew doesn't break it. I felt bad giving it to him I had to buy an extra present.
Lights up nice just super hard to erase it! Disappointed
Didn't hold up very well
When first opened for the white elephant gift it was funny. Poor guy wouldn't stay blown up so unfortunately this was a one time game. :/
Too large for a child wear comfortably. They don't stay on.
Used this product for a float in a parade - ended up having to buy other pink heart foil balloons beacause the pig heads were missing and the latex balloons didn't float with helium. We got by, but I was planning to order again at Christmas but will be passing.
Not durable, wouldn't recommend. Magnet fell off pretty quick. It is inexpensive, but wouldn't suggest this as ur daily driver for bringing cards to duels etc.
Crayons and fine but markers are terrible. The markers have never worked well. Don't buy the combo pack, just the crayons.
It's fun for a bit. Unfortunately my daughter lost interest pretty quickly. This surprised me bc she loves playdoh.
Very disappointed in the bag. It's made of thin cotton and small in size. Better off with the $.99 bags from the grocery stores which are bigger and sturdier. The sea turtle is what prompted me to buy the bag but $6 is a lot to pay for the print alone. Not worth the trouble to return.
Pretty cool toy but it says it supposed to come with 2 and only got one
Yes the mask is way too tight, but he has an old mask from a couple years ago that still fits so he was going to use that. Even with the sale price for this, it's just not worth your time or energy to buy it. The padding isn't terrible, but it is a little weirdly shaped. I only bought it because I thought we could make it work, but it just didn't fit right anywhere and was too short too boot. Don't recommend.
I bought a pack of 4 balloons this past weekend for my daughters birthday party and 2 out of the 4 would blow up. I didn't not find them to be the best quality. They are cute but we disappointed not to be able use them.
Took this product a long time to work.
Much smaller than what was expected.
Product may be fine- I wish I could return them. I opted to receive the items by Fr/Sat for a Saturday party, and when they shipped the tracking said they wouldn't arrive until Monday, so I found the items locally, intending to return the necklaces. Now I'm stuck with 36 plastic necklaces.
1/3 of the paints were solid or in extremely bad condition. I was disappointed to say the least.. last time I ever order online paints from Amazon. I would recommend just buying your paints from a local comic book store or games workshop store and if you dont have one to just order online from games workshop. It's a little more expensive but more security in knowing you wont be screwed. The up side and the only reason I'm not giving them a 1 star is that it was free delivery and it was $10 cheaper then in store... but I %100 will be buying from games workshop from now on... worth the extra $10.
Interesting concept but I still prefer to fidget at my desk with my slinky.
I ordered these because I thought they would be a cute alternative to traditional index cards. They did not come with rings and the paper is really flimsy, they would not hold up well. I will be returning them unfortunately.
I use them for my RC radio and they drain fast.
they fall over too easy.
the pom pom type things are impossible to put together. they are a waste of time and money.
The figure does not stand up straight on its own. Some other minor quality issues as well. The paint job isn't great, some areas slightly bleed on to other sections and the adhesive holding his legs is visible. Really seems like a rush job, which is unfortunate.
Ordered this set for my classroom. Had all the things I wanted. Unfortunately, the green stamp was not working. Put in for a refund/replacement. Received a very prompt reply that offered a replacement as well as a refund. Received the second set and the green stamp still did not work. Two emails and months later, still no reply and got charged for the second set of stamps. :( Will not purchase from this company again.
Much too tight on head to wear for too long.
Cheap plastic junk. Handle broke after a couple days.
Received with packages a mess. Sent to front of bike because it look like the package was mishandled.
The top is not for anyone w boobs above A cup. The pants were huge. I made it work w massive alterations. One size fits no one. Lol
They work ok. Some of the dominos have the finish glaze on them and some don't. And some have flaws in the finish on the back side. Not completely satisfied with these. The box also arrived damaged.
This thing is tiny. About the size of a Hot Wheels car. Very disappointing and misleading.
Poor quality, not as good as in description.
Our daughter liked them ok, but since she's played with them the novelty wore off. The zipper broke upon opening it her on her birthday. The characters are a sticky squishy and they collect all the hairs and fibers from everywhere. Cute concept, but not a great product.
I ordered this for my 7 year old's birthday. He Loved it.... Unfortunately, the handle of the reel broke off within 30 minutes of using it.... And since I had ordered this was in advance it was too late to return.
The paint faded off the eyes fairly quickly. It was so cute while it lasted
Nice but didnt last too long with the kids
Too small, would love this product if the trays held more pieces. Wish I had checked the size before purchase.
Nice squishy animals, but NOT twenty four. Also, not very merry Easter eggs. You'll get less than what you pay for with this product.
These are tiny cups. Read the size before you buy :) ..rating is because value just isn't there
That definitely isn't a picture of a xylophone. And either the letter lines line up, or the cards do but they don't go together well.
When we first opened these for our daughters, we loved them! The scent was fun and the animals are so very cute. But we have had them for about 1 week now and have had to throw at least half of them away due to them falling apart! Most of them have the issue of the head just detaching from the body of the squishy. Several of these happened day 1 and 2. The kids aren't doing anything crazy rough to them. They are just falling apart. I wish they had lasted longer because we all loved them! Unfortunately we'll probably go with a different brand when we are ready to order more.
I love the purpose of this. But even after adjusting the light setting to all the way bright even my son who has good eye sight cannot barely see what is on the screen! You would think it would be lit up more
Cute figurines but I won't be purchasing again. The first time I got one it was sealed up. Second time the bag was shredded open in the box. Seller absolutely opened it before shipping.
This is game was ideal for our Christmas party, however it states you get 24 mustache pcs. I received only 12. I'm sad there weren't enough pieces for everyone to play.
Excellent idea, my kid has played with it for a long time now, but it's cheap material. Make sure your kid has an imagination before buying this.
The launcher broke after 3 weeks.
Barney is small. I don't even feel like he's 7 inches. I was dumb and didn't read the reviews and paid $20. Don't be me.
They are pretty small and the pump was cheaply made and arrived broken.
Cards were too small to place in front of a group and read quickly. We ended up taking photos of the cards each and looking at them individually on our phones. The sand timer made it difficult to keep an eye on the time, as other reviewers had said. Better to set a timer and let it go from there with an audible buzz. Wish it came with a separate score card instead of just "keeping track of your score at the top of the page." Game could easily be improved.
It's a great product but it wasn't easy to put together and it's missing one screw.
This backpack is cute but it's way tiny. It's the size of a lunchbox. My daughters preschool papers wont even fit in it. The worst part about it is that the straps are so flimsy.
Small for the price.
The tires are too big and the trucks can't hardly roll at all. Good rubber tires but terrible engineering as the axle slides all around under the toy and they catch the body. The sounds are extremely quiet. It would be cool if my kids were able to play with the toy we bought for them. Very disappointed.
The term used in the description "pre-programmed songs and light shows" leads the buyer to believe there is more than one song and light display. There isn't. Putting it together was very easy but the thing is very wobbly and unsteady. I'm keeping it because it will only be used once, maybe twice but if I was buying it for my kid, I would definitely return it.
The camo plastic was all bubbly, not very nicely made. High price for what it is.
It arrived broken. It was in the middle of the Christmas season, so I never sent it back.
It was smaller than I expected and I wish the head / neck would stay where you put it.
Even though I've had the tiles since September I didn't open them until today. The L tile has a large chip in it. All of the other tiles are fine. I would like the L tile replaced. Thank you
It was shipped in an envelope and not a box so the item arrived destroyed. Not acceptable for the price.
This product is very cheap. The orange tips fall off constantly.
This is very cool. But mine arrived broken. I'm too lazy to deal with a return. I'm just swallowing the $30 loss
Not for toddlers! They are very small! As most of the other reviews said, they are too hard to pull apart. My three year old could not pull them apart. Didn't give it to the two year old to try since they are so small and he likes putting small things in his mouth. Received them and returned them the same day.
The clips are difficult to hang without the photos flipping around backwards if attaching on the string. I ended up using them to clip areas around the party instead of holding the pictures.
The pieces do not stay attached on the bottom of the bridge. My 6 year old son was hoping to be able to have the bridge go from the table to the couch but it has to be on a flat surface. We tried gluing the parts together but they are still falling out... Going to have to go buy stronger glue. The vehicles and accessories are nice. But not worth the price. Really disappointing since he spent all his christmas money on it.
They were variable insofar as weight goes. That said they worked for what I needed but wouldn't be good for games where consistency was required.
First off, the puzzle size is wrong on both the item page and the package itself. It claims to be 19 x 27 in, but when I was trying to put it in the 19 x 27 frame that I've purchased separately and it didn't fit. So I tried measuring it, the width is actually 19 1/4 inches then I have to cut and trim down the sides in order to fit into the frame. I just can't believe that there's no one that actually measures it on the assembly line.The false item description needs to be changed. And another minor complaint is that there's white background showing on the edges that it's already hard enough to fit them because it's all white, but they made sure the white edges were cut into extra small pieces and extra weird shapes.
This is an adorable small kitchen, and will be perfect for my 18 month old granddaughter. It is a little flimsy, and upon arrival, one piece of plastic (the 'glass' in the oven door) was cracked. I sent TWO emails to the company, asking for a replacement for that one part. Crickets chirping. I have heard nothing and it's been over a week. HOWEVER, this is the SECOND email I have gotten asking for a review of the product. So here it is. Airing their dirty laundry. Does this company READ the emails they get from customers???? You'll be happy with this product as long as it doesn't arrive damaged. If it does I guess you are out of luck.
After researching all vanity tables, I decided to go with this one for its price and dimensions. It's cute, and I would definitely give it 4-5 stars, but the smell is horrible! We assembled it 4 days ago, and the room still smells like toxic paint or something. The minute my boyfriend opened the box, my yes started tearing up. I really wish we hadn't assembled it already.
Costume runs ridiculously large. My son is 8 and he is swimming in the Medium. The material is very cheap for the price and nothing stays put. The hat is 5 sizes to small for him and can not be adjusted. Really disappointed.
Very thin and cheap feeling, although for the price I should have expected that. Typically do not bend and wrap around the wrist when slapped on; so basically, they don't "work".
Very cute, but immediately loses air as soon as it's inflated. Also hard to get onto for a clumsy adult like me.
Love the game but wasn't expecting a felt may instead of plastic
Bought it as a gift for my grandson and the box arrived crushed. It does not look like a new gift...looks like I got it as the second hand store!!
The paddle is too small for children to paddle the ball with success. The ball is only stapled on a flimsy piece of rubber band that easily falls off.
My child doesn't care for it at all. Maybe the first few days and then that was it. I do not recommend buying it. It also closes very easily. It's not close to a tablet and not close enough to a computer therefore, missing the mark.
Very disappointed in the scaled proportions of these figures, arms longer than legs, very thin bodies, Lots of flash on the bodies, unrealistic compared to the fireman, and police people. Should not have bought the airforce people. Should have bought more of the firemen and police and not the airforce people. .
Thought it would be bigger
I did not expect this to be such ridiculously flimsy plastic: it's like something you'd get in a pack fir birthday favors. Not high quality and in my opinion both with nearly $12.
Way smaller than expected. Cheap quality.
One leg warmer looks great but the other doesn't have all the flashing lights. Very bummed!
Bow was adorable but my daughter only wore it 2 times and it came apart. Looks like it is not sewn or really secured together at all. Wanted to return and see if another one held up better but the return window closed .
These we're much smaller than I anticipated they would be.
Doesn't stay on when put into the safe bag.
I bought 12 of everything for party favors and just opened the package. I only have 11 necklaces, so one kid is going to be without one.
I'm not a fan. The seat does not bounce. My 12 month old pushes it around but isn't all that interested. We push him around on it but it breaks your back and he doesn't know how to push himself yet. Overall a bust.
Developed a leak on the first use.
Far worse than expected. Made a mess with fine sand grit everywhere. Go with a different brand.
Some of these labels are dark green and hence very difficult to write on.
Like the idea, but cost too much for what you get. Plastics utensils and cups- poor quality.. not enough plates..
I bought three bags of these. Two had 99 balloons and one had 97 balloons. Several were missing the end caps and two were sealed at both ends. Poor quality compared to the ones I purchased from a science supplier.
It worked fantastic when I purchased it. Now on Halloween it wont light up. The button light flashes and cycles. No light up mask. So devastated. Halloween ruined 😢
This is more like a product you would find at the dollar store. The opening in the case fell off within 5 minutes and the bug catcher things don't line up straight so when he did have a bug in there, it crawled right out. Don't waste your money.
Now I'm no designer with party decor but the reason I gave it two stars is because it came with everything in the description but everything wasn't what I thought it was going to be. I had 3 balloons that were already punctured before I even tried to blow them up. If you don't have helium, the decorations would be useless (unless you can decorate well)
I thought it would be bigger:(
The front camera part of it fell off the minute it was opened. I wanted to return it, but never got around to it. The kids didn't really care for it. Wish I didn't buy it.
This is cheap and so not worth the money. The video isn't great either. And I'm pretty sure I was sent a used item.
I will use them but was not overly happy with them.
My daughter liked the size and style of this backpack and it worked well for Kindergarten. However it's falling apart in several places after just one school year and she will need a new backpack for first grade. I'm disappointed that it didn't last longer.
The spinner didn't really work. Save money and just buy the doll.
Damaged in package. Card was bent. Very disappointed in my purchase.
the parts are terrible quality but the customer service was amazing
Confusing to use....
The plastic edges around the legs are sharp!!
My son loves this car but the amount of time it runs before needing to change the batteries again is going to make this the most expensive toy we own. It's really ridiculous how quickly it eats up batteries. I think we will find a different one.
For the price I thought it was more durable and bigger
The action figure packaging was all folded and creased
the tips fall through with pressure from the kids writing with them.
The figurine has some slight flexibility but only his neck bends. I was hoping for more.
It takes TOO long (HOURS) to hatch the egg and to wake up from naps that it make almost impossible to play with it after school or after summer camp hours before time to sleep of my kid. Before it hatch or wake up, you can't play nothing with the tamagotchi. Also, it needs more brightness. It's too difficult to look at the tamagotchi and the small icons. Also the buttons are too small to hit. Too pricey for the same old tamagotchi. The only nice thing is that it is a toy from my childhood but it doesn't worth for the price.
Using for space bday party. Supposed to come in colors all I have is white
My Easter eggs for my granddaughter came all broken very sad
Packaging came in fine but once we tried it on ourselves the staple on the side barely held. We actually wasn't able to use this at all for our Pirate Party. Bummer because the quality and colors looked great. However once you try to assemble it just doesn't hold up . Maybe you can try it on yourself and tape it on the side? Or you can try re-stapling the whole set again..
Doesn't look a thing like the picture...I thought it was in a little carton of some kind....NOT... was thrown in a bag , ...ugly colors... Very sorry I ordered them.
It's okay. Seems cheap. Sometimes one on the end pops up without the button being pushed but my baby doesn't know the difference. He likes it.
Ripped the second day of use. I love the idea and so did our little one but the material is just not very thick where you tie it together. Was not over stuffed either, just very cheap and thin material at the top. Returning.
This arrived damaged. Box was damaged on all 4 sides and horn broken off of mask. Very poor condition, especially since it was sold as “New”. I am a collector, as are many other people, and it's disappointing to pay $28 for something and it arrives in poor condition.
Item was send without the blue sticks to build.
Metal look old and very poor assembly.
There is a piece missing in the puzzle.
Costly for what you get. Figurines are cute and my granddaughter liked them.
This game is pretty good and fun. We have used it twice so far. The first time it worked very well but the second time the head phones started turning off before the internal timer did. We replaced the batteries twice and it kept turning off. I hope they can fix this issue because it is a really fun game.
Not as fun or interesting as I'd hoped. You don't get very many cards for the price and references are somewhat obscure.
I expected it to get very big and fluffy once out of the shrink wrap and it did not. I was very floppy.
These were very cheaply made and had to be assembled when I got them. The sticky dots provided did not hold the sticks on and I had to retape each one of them.
This cube was way to hard to solve. My 11 year old daughter mixed it up and can't put it back together, and my teenage son doesn't want to take it apart!
Product came in time but box was open in both ends and smash no good for a birthday gift and be a collectible item the main reason to bought the item. Really disappointed!.
Honestly, these landing gear feet only served to make my landings bumpier. The spring action seemed to amplify impacts and twice made the drone bounce in an unintended direction. I removed them and intended to only use them if I planned to land on dirty terrain, but even still I never take them with me because they fit awkwardly in the bag. While the gear does work to an extent, they have caused more issues for me than they prevented.
I like the content, but the type is so incredibly small it is useless to me. DO NOT GET IF YOU TEACH ONLINE ESL.
i'm happy I got it on sale because even at the sale price I was disappointed. My 2 year old was entertained for about 10 mins and the activities definitely lacked creativity.
I purchased a set of 4, we only opened blue and yellow. The paint did come out but not easily. I have many crayola products that I love. I think it's a great idea but they need to change the consistency of the paint, it's much too thick to roll out on sidewalk. I'd like to return the two Unopened colors but not sure how to!
It's neat; however, the bricks do not stay together very well. Even with nothing on the yellow base plates, it still seams to fall over. Not worth the money.
Received the product today and due to poor packaging, rough handling, and weak construction the board was crushed and wrinkled. Product is cardboard covered in a felt-like cloth. The cloth is now wrinkled and will not lay flat. I'm so disappointed. The outer layer of the board seems sturdy enough and looks really nice.
it was very difficult to get it to stick. i wont buy again .
Fabric stains in one cape.
Very disappointed in the box. Came with a movie moment of iron man and whiplash. So pretty bad. Pez dispenser very dumb. BUT START GIVING US SHIRTS. The next X-men box doesn't have a shirt either. At least give more than four items if you're not going to include a shirt. Awful.
Low quality item that falls apart into small pieces.
Some lights didn't function
Honestly? Looked like a penis on the face. It's terrible.
I hate to write a product review because the balls themselves were fine. The are smaller than the average ball pit balls( like the other people said ) but are as listed. My issue is my product did not arrive in time. After an hour on the phone with Amazon I was instructed to order another set, because they could not guarantee delivery of the late ones. I was told if the other balls arrived I could keep them and be refunded the money for my inconvenience. I have not been refunded my money. So my review is for service not the quality of the product itself.
The trigger is not useful, the projectiles do not come out with force, and after 3 days of use it is practically no longer useful!
As I said in an earlier review, I received everything in a plastic baggy. Not as it was shown in the picture. I tried using some of the sanding disc and three out of three tore up within fifteen seconds after using them. I thought it was me doing something wrong. I put on a Dremel sanding disc and finished my project without any problems. The stuff send me was junk!
The main body of this rocket was received like this. Almost like it had been crushed and then reformed. I cant use this. Painting/sanding will be a nightmare. PLEASE SEND NEW
I would like a refund. email me when you guys have a chance immediately.
This is cheaply made and understood when purchasing. This is for a young kid, for their Christmas money. One edge is very loose and if/when the kid get frustrated it came be pulled apart. It is a level 2 because it was figured out without instructions just hit one side and it opens But this is a good cheap idea to give money to a kid.
Had trouble calibrating it and it would never fly right
Cute but she falls off extremely easily. I wish this was the magnetic kind.
Too thin not sturdy enough. The size is exactly what I wanted but the material is ridiculously thin. This should be noted in description so as not to disappoint consumer.
This was for my daughter's Easter basket, all was well but when we opened to unwrap the instruments one of the egg rattles was cracked and all the beads things were in bottom of the bag, such a bummer!
This is a high quality door mat that we used for a dog food mat. It looked way too small in front of the door to use as a doormat.
Bought 2. One has a lining & the other does not. Seems like it could rip easily.
It comes folded- and it's hard to get the creases out of the hat- I've had it for weeks and still can't wear it!
Was so tiny it didn't come close to covering the base of our tree. Wasn't even able to use it.
Worked great for about two hours and didn't survive a crash.
Given that this model was the only kit I could find that that was 65' long, I was thinking that this would be a great value (esp. with a $10 coupon). However, the kids wanted to keep adjusting the positions of the obstacles and with this kit, you must release tension everytime to make any adjustment. Even worse, the mounting hardware has some very sharp edges that cut fingers and fray the ropes on the obstacles. The constant tightening/releasing of the line also puts a lot of additional use onto the ratchet mechanism. Overall the obstacles appeared fine, though the ladder was virtually unusable for my 8- and 6-year-old boys. The loose rings were what the boys wanted to use the most, but they were also the most difficult.
They look better in the advertising. Poor quality, not attractive.
It basically exercises the fingers/hand grasp however, you can't pick anything up with it.
I didn't think this would have came as small as it did, would have liked to know that it was beanie baby size. other than that. My niece loved it!
There are dents all over the box, as well as a big scuff on the plastic that runs the length of the box.
It's very small in size 😔
Dinosaur came thrown in its box without padding or protection of any kind, just rattling in there as if broken. Seems like such a cheap gift. Not happy about purchase.
The wrong item was shipped to me.
Cheap, 3 broke in transit
I purchased this for my five year old for Halloween and at first I ordered her a size medium, since the reviews said to size up, but when it arrived it was so huge. So we returned it and I got a small. It was almost too small. The first time my daughter tried it on the back ripped where the velcro is and after she had it on for a Halloween party, the seam at the sleeve ripped all the way down. Very poorly made. I would not recommend.
Super tiny crayons....the pics on the box make them seem bitter. More like some size. Bored with it fast.
This item wasn't packaged properly and was broken when I received it
Trash with LOSI CARS
My train loving daughter is in love with this toy. She wore out the part that moves the wheels trying to make it go where she wants but it still sings and blows bubbles.Update: She got upset that it stopped working so I just ordered an new one and the bubble part doesn't work. It's cheap and breaks easily but my kids love it. I'll have to send back this new one.
ordered 2 . one had a brown spot on the front. it was sealed in plastic. I think they can do better.
This is a gift and box is in terrible condition!
The storage is terrible, so the pieces end up all over and messy
Way overpriced for its size
My son adored the minifigures Heads on the balloons but when I opened the package in the house it reeked and I had to immediately get a ziploc to close off the smell. Luckily our party was outdoors and we had a few filled with helium before the party but if the party was indoors I definitely would not have used them and wouldn't put my lips on them to blow up either.
The frame is not right. The tent does not stand up correctly. Just like other reviewers say. I should have listened.
This product wouldve mostly been fine if they would've sent me the one I wanted. I wanted the flamingo one for my daughter but they sent me a blue one instead. My 3 year old was NOT happy (total toddler tantrum that could've 100% be avoided if I would've just received what I had purchased) that being said it's of semi decent quality and works like it's supposed to. It is a little tight on my 3 year olds arms and it's hard to get on and off but it works I guess?
The money didnt shoot out very well. I returned this item. I was not a huge fan
Not all items were sent and this is for a birthday coming up. I have ordered early thank goodness. So I hope replacement set has everthing as they can't just send missing item.
While this Teddy Ruxpin is cute and soft he is a disappointment if you had the original Teddy. The limitation of stories is a big disappointment. The original would play any story or song on cassette, even if the mouth wasnt in sync.
Got the product, box had holes on it and it has definitely been used before. Came assembled which was nice but had a funny smell (not like new, but more like not showered, had sat in if). Some paint was worn off the bars from natural use it looks like. Random lighter/white spots? Didn't pay much so can't expect too much...
Out of the 10 pairs of blades, half of them had chipped or broken tips, chips or dents in the sides of the blades themselves. Unable to balance most of the blades due to extreme imperfections. The few blades that were okay worked well but the majority of what I got was damaged and defective right out of the box.
It is cute and fits well, but there is a defect in the fabric.
The pump part doesn't work very well. Takes WAY more than the 15 pumps they recommend, and it broke after a couple weeks. I missed the return window by a couple days. I gave 2 stars because they still kinda float under water.
Cheap Quality, broke in 2 weeks. We also purchased a seperate universal train set to add trains and they don't line up with the tracks.
Very thin and flimsy. I expect better of Fisher Price. The screen doesn't have my protection so I know once my toddler steps on it, it's gonna break because it already bends with very minimal pressure.
These are pretty cheap quality assorted toys. I was not expecting this cheap quality. I ordered these so as to use them as part of the return gifts, but I had to order additional items. Would never buy again not recommend it to anyone.
Spilt in 30 seconds. But the cups are used for other things now which means it wasn't a total waste.
Not what I wanted. Don't buy if you want a book with numbers. Half of the pages are numbered and the other half is not. Each design has a numbered page and an un-numbered one. Not many different designs/numbered pages.
Make sure you read the description first. This product was for infants and children. It didn't fit my head properly and I didn't like the straps that tied under my chin. I wanted a headband instead.
Missing stamps in box
The ducks are cute, but I got several of the same ducks and I only received 89 of the 100 ducks I ordered
I like that you can pose the wings but it's to many wires and not as colorful as in the picture the colors are very pale in comparison it's also not as big as it looks in the photo very disappointed this is a Christmas gift for a 3 year old I have time to return it and get something different or I would that's how disappointed I am. I definitely will not buy anything else from them it's so sad because my little niece loves dragons and wanted a giant dragon to sleep with but with all the wires that will be impossible 😔
Cute little gift. Do not buy if you are really looking for a hard to solve puzzle.
neither the throttle or the steering is digital proportional.
I can't believe the hype over this piece of junk! Not worth $10. After it hatches it is zero fun.
These cars were a ton of fun...for about 15 minutes. The drivers have a rod on their backside that slides into a hole in the car seat. It's spring loaded and secures with a click. Then, when the other car hits a button on the side of the car, the driver is ejected by the spring and the car makes crash noises. It's really cool. The cars are maneuverable. You get rechargeable batteries. The remotes work great. When they're working, these are a well worth the money. After a few minutes of adult-supervised play, one of the cars stopped making crash noises. Eh, no problem. You can still tell the car was 'tagged' because the driver flies off. Then, one of the cars stopped accepting the driver. He wouldn't 'click' into place. That's more serious because you can't tell when you've been hit. Then, before the first battery charge was exhausted, the second car also stopped accepting the driver. At this point, we stopped, boxed everything up, and returned it.
Lots of chips and smeared paint; sliver hazard. I don't think I can give this to my child.
I ordered several and one was broken, completely unuseable
Not as removable as I anticipated given this is a kid friendly item. All tapes aren't the same quality causing the all the patterned tape to stick and stay stuck on my floors. Terrible! My daughter wanted to build a road to drive her cars on using the checkered tape and omg was that a HUGE mistake. It took days and tons of chemicals to remove from my floors and still left residue. Bad quality for sure. Don't use on walls of floors, maybe only on paper. Not a great/kid friendly item
I really like Catan. It's a great game involving strategy. I believe the copy I bought may have been a counterfeit. I have played with friends before buying and Catan usually has orange pieces, but mine came with yellow. Also my pieces did not fit together well.
Had to take the whole thing apart and remake with my own accessories and paint it black. So huge will have to wear a head band to keep it up. Feathers suck and are small. Just make your own from scratch or pay a little more for something wearable.
Questionable quality. About half of the holes that should have been pre-drilled were not. Floor boards were warped. A few pieces of furniture were all wonky.
Some of the planes' wheels don't work. Opened the box up and tested each. Some aren't aligned well, one plane doesn't have a working wind-up, and another has a broken front wheel. Altogether disappointing.
Just don't like the way it writes and one of them had a broken body. Not the quality I was hoping for.
Great set but Gk has weak teeth and the spinning plate on revolve falls off easy I lost mine but aside from that galaxy Zeus is one of the best stock combos ever
Doesn't really look that much like Gamora and is not very articulated but is okay.
Pretty small balloons. Much smaller then average size party balloon. Only held helium for less than a day.
The large mat is nice. It is made up of some kind of very thick felt material. The rolling device is a cheap inflatable device. Sucks for me because my cat found it about 1 week after I got it, poked holes in it, and now I can't store any puzzles
This swing will work for my toddler but there is no way it would work for an older kid or teenager. The plastic is very thin and it seems cheaply made. My baby likes it though. Shipping was fast
The banner is exactly as pictured except for one detail: each letter is sent in a package included with a string and a needle and you have to assemble it yourself. For the price I expected it to be able to just be pulled out of the package and hung up. Luckily I opened the package prior to the party. 3/5 stars because although it accomplishes what I purchased it for, I likely could have made it myself for cheaper, since I'm already playing arts and crafts with this might as well have just made it all.
This game's simplicity is both it's greatest asset, and biggest weakness. I love how you can teach anyone this game in two minutes, and have a good time. It is also a quick game, and the turns end quickly. On the other hand, this game feels very restrictive. You either constantly run out of cards, or it becomes boring if you hoard them for too long. It's missing a "special sauce." The game could likely be salvaged with another element of strategy--perhaps another card type.
You can not adjust the osd... Its not Beta flight Configurable. So you always see band voltage etc. Its power hungry so be careful turning it to 500 MW it gets really hot..
This is just ok. The levels are pretty close together so it's hard for my son to really use them if it's fully stacked. The levels are easily toppled as the stacking bricks don't really hold together all that well.
We love these, but sadly the paint came off batman's Head within three hours of opening the package.
Ordered a size 12 but it fit like a size 11. I would recommend going up a size
3 stars because the eggs are fine they're just not the size advertised so I can't use them the way I intended.
Do not know it is a gift for my grandson.
We ordered this game for outside time camping. Got good reviews but we were not completely satisfied with it as our blocks were not totally smooth...which affects the game and some chipped upon first use of the game and we also have a cracked piece.
Suprisingly very nice to work with. They are not as deeply pigmented as more expensive pencils, but I find they have nice pastel like shades that will come in useful on occasion. Also they are a bit harder than most pencils so will keep a point longer, and will be handy for tiny spaces. I use pencils for adult coloring books.
It was a nice, slow rising squishy but the top broke off not long after playing with it for a while. It smelled nice.
Cute costume. The pants were too long for our 17 month old but I was able to cut the excess off and you couldn't tell. Overall was a good purchase for the price.
Trying to get the soft nosed Nerf darts like came with the gun, but these were harder nosed. These work good, but are not as good for small boys.
Let me start off by saying that this thing is super small . I saw a video of it that made it look bigger than it is . That's the first thing you wanna know is is it too small for you . It seems about half the size of a normal RC car . I won't comment too much further on it because I don't know how it runs yet I'm still charging the batteries but it's way too small . I will be buying a bigger one ☝️
the confetti just settled at the bottom right off the bat and wasn't cute at all. at least they were of use when they got popped for the improv photo shoot
Really cool features - eg the scanner can actually scan each item with a neat little code built into the items. But there's a kind of obnoxious voice that speaks every time (every. time.) you press a button, and like the other reviews say, it's a thick asian accent and some of the phrases sound like they're from Google Translate (ie wrong). Another thing is they do the ABC song right halfway, then it starts being wrong halfway through! I will say though, the 3 year old loves this so far. Unfortunately, the microphone broke within 15min. So we'll probably be returning this. Not sure if we'll get the same thing back.
I ordered this because I remembered being fascinated with this trinket in my childhood. This Drinking Bird dips like it is supposed to, but its dipping motion causes it to scoot all over the surface - including off the table before you know it. The product does not include the cup, either. For the minimal cost, not a big deal, but I think there are better models available. I should have studied the options more carefully.
Good price. Our son who is 34 lbs now tore it jumping about 6 months ago. So I would say it doesn't last long.
Would be awesome if the box wasn't crushed. Looked at the figure, and it's awesome otherwise. Look at how upside down it arrived.
I got this as a gift for my grandson - looked like a great set online - I liked the price and I liked the variety of stuff included - I liked that it had wheels - HOWEVER, when it arrived, the box looks "used" - the box has tears where the handle connects - the box was not sealed. it looks like it has been opened several times - not overly pleased with that . That is why I didn't give it more stars If the box looked new and sealed, I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm suspicious that this set has been returned. Bummer!
Do not put in your tub OMG
I didn't realize it was a keychain and I got mad about the price. I should've looked but at Walmart it's 13 bucks. 🤐
This seems like a fun craft project, however there aren't clear instructions on how to get them onto the keychains!? Anybody else know?
They're cute. My kids loved furby booms. But they broke in 2 months. So I bought furby connects instead. This time a bigger problem was their hair, which is falling out all over the house. I was confused if I raised a dog or a cat. I missed furby booms....but too easy to break. And I can't buy them in my country any more. I took the furby connects back from my kids and hid them. Sad....
It's cute and a good size but not even enough balls to cover the bottom of the mat
My 5 year old really loves this! Doesn't leave a mess and easy to put away. However. After about using it 4 times. The sand is sticking to her hands.
I had to buy something for a Flapper party so this looked good. When it arrived in a little envelop I had to laugh. It looked like a little black chicken feather drooping from a cheap black band. I'd save my money and look elsewhere unless you are a little girl playing "dress up". Even then...
I purchased this for my 4 year old grandson and 5 yr. old granddaughter. Maybe the card game is better suited to kids a few years older. Mine were bored after about 5 minutes.
My daughter loves this dress and she's in the ALL THE TIME. Durability is not so great because it started to fall apart after a week of daily use :(
Like it would of given 5 but take doesn't dim. Also only ordered 1 they sent 3 and billed for 3. Easy return though. But now only had four maybe a month and it's starting ti flash on me. Won't buy another.
I bought 5 boxes of these and did NOT end up using these clear balloons. I only used the strings. The lights weighed the balloons down too much and they wouldnt rise with the helium tanks we bought, (maybe it would work better if we had used party city's helium?) So we tied regular neon balloons to the light strings that came with this order and that worked out well. Each balloon string takes two batteries. I taped the battery packs to the floor boards of our walls. the balloons danced around and looked amazing!
They r cute but when u assemble them it's hard to keep them straight! I had to use scotch tape at the bottom to secure it..
They forgot to send the "S" duck so I had to improvise.
Quality good but was too tight
Only gave a 3 because it's not as big as described. It's really soft which makes it's a great toy for my older child and my baby to play with
I'm still trying to get pass the first bottom level..I'll ask my granddaughter to help me.
Quality seems ok. It's too small lengthwise and might not fit long pencils.
Cute, but I did not realize the skin tone. Definitely dark tan skin.
It is cute but does fit on the small side.
Not as cute or as big as I thought it would be.
These are okay for what they are. We washed ours and the color lightened significantly! They fray very easily as well. I'd probably still buy them again though because my children like to play with them and they are cheaper than silk.
I was another customer that purchased the Daisy and recieved a Minnie. No big deal right? I was quickly sent a replacement and the product again showed up as a Minnie on my door step. I can see how this can be confusing for the warehouse because the product is from the "Minnie" line of toys. The wrong product label is being placed on the Minnie's. I have now ordered my third. Fingers crossed it's a Daisy!!! Customer care is quick to find a resolution but this has been frustrating.
My kids are really into these right now but I find them super annoying. The joints become separated if you even move them slightly making them less than fun to play with. They also aren't easy to put back together - this should be opposite hard to fall apart and easy to put together - if it were a quality toy.
I purchased these thinking they would be a lot smaller. For a child. As in your questions, you stated it could fit a child to an adult. No way will my 4 year old grand daughter get these on her little fingers.
Thin cheap wood just not worth the price. If I did it over again I would go with something metal.
Nice marbles but, there is not a good color selection. No reds at all. 😟
pretty small - I got it for a 6 year old and i would think it better for a 3-4 year old. Target is small and thin and hard to attach to anything
the rings that did work were fine . 3 did not work
Colors were good, but a lot of ink comes out from barely pressing the stamp. Left splotches of ink on the papers and after one night of bingo, most of the daubers were less than half full.... Not sure if thats normal or not, but I thought they would last a lot longer than just one or two nights.
Have three starts because the item I received was a dark stoned necklace when in the picture it shows a light colored one. None the less the product was nice.
Overpriced for what it is.
Definitely not worth the price
Product came with a tag that said sold as set. It was not a set. Also didnt come with any studded band around the hat. Disappointing that products are falsely advertised. Slightly big my my 9 month old as expected but works.
Didn't work as expected
It didn't stay fitted like it should of, maybe if had more pieces to put under the bus and on top of the bus it would of stayed more secured.
It's ok pins wasn't as I expected some pins has scratched and old but for the price I'm paying it's acceptable I had a problem with my order I order two and only received one
The forks broke from the side after about two weeks of my 3 year old son and I playing with it. This would be much more suited for a child older than 3..
Mini is right... these are like 1” big each, at best! I didn't realize how tiny they'd be, but I also hadn't seen the minis before to know.
My daughter loves this has kept her entertained for hours. However I am only giving it 3 stars due to pieces came broken and the whiteboard bubbled up about a month in and is now unusable.
To be honest I love the concept and product but I seriously give an F for product care the box came in damaged.
The product is exactly as described, and my 5 year old grandson enjoyed playing with it. The negative comment is that it took over 2 weeks for it to arrive! I am a prime member who wished to have it in 2 days as a gift for my grandson, so I was extremely disappointed on the delivery timeline. Because of the poor delivery service, I gave 3 stars.
Measured at 3 inches from head to toe and about 1 inch thick. Can be good for party favors but that was not what I was looking for.
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my toddler. each item arrived individually wrapped so i opened them all to place into the purse before wrapping. the clasp on the little coin purse snapped off the very first time i opened it. i threw some scotch tape on it and my toddler didn't seem to notice but holy cheapo lol it was cheap and i'm sure my kid would've broken it herself sooner rather than later but to break right out of the box was a bit much for cheap parts and labor! i didn't return it but i definitely wouldn't gift this to someone else.
The plugs are of good quality. But I was expecting better construction. But the plugs are only held together by the wires, and heat shrink tubing. You have to be careful when unplugging them to make sure you grasp the correct plug to avoid them eventually coming apart.
They're Easter-themed, but only about half the items are sized to fit in Easter eggs. (If I'm filling Easter eggs for ten kids, I'm not also going to make them favor bags.) Otherwise, it's about what I expected based on what I paid: the items are fine, the whistles whistle and the tops spin. The nicer items were fewer in number: I got two wind-up chicks in my bag and saved them for my own kids' Easter baskets, and four little wheely bugs.
Cute but too expensive for this quality
Not as long as I thought? I remember the description saying 50 inches, maybe square inches!
Not the best quality toy for the price, but it is hard to find Dinosaur Train Toys. Wish they still made these products.
I didn't expect this to be solid wood but as soon as any material other than cloth comes in contact it scratches/dents. My little dude is an animal but He was literally able to just grab the brackets for the hinges, pull, and they come right off- screws and all. Handle hole covers don't stay on either- pop right off. Wish I hadn't wasted the money.
I thought they were bigger but I guess I should have checked the dimensions!!! Otherwise very cute and durable bags.
I wouldn't buy again but they were a gimmick for Easter. Mostly for family with dogs.
The puzzle was fun to put together, but when I finished, there were THREE PIECES MISSING!! That takes a lot of the sense of accomplishment away. Hard to understand how this happens - ?!?!
The copter flies good but it is not very durable in a small crash easy to damage
Not too happy with his purchase. The slinkies were off. The unicorn came with a wing missing. And you have more bags then you have product for. I thought it would fill 12 bags but it doesnt. If you put 1 of each thing in a bag your only filling 9 bags.
A little tricky for our toddler to control, but it is cute!
NOT AS THE PICTURE SIZE IS ABOUT RIGHT.
The photo tells all in terms of the selection. It's a nice selection of holiday rubber stamps. The stamps I received were low on ink as some other customers have reported. This is easily resolved. I washed out the ink pads in my kitchen sink, let them dry, and then applied refill ink in the color of my choosing. It's possible that might be problematic if you're trying to use a light refill ink (say, yellow) on a stamp that had dark ink in it (say, black). But I'm replacing all of the colors with red, blue and green, so it's not a problem. Search Amazon for "rubber stamp refill ink." Apply a few drops, press the stamp a few times to get the excess ink out, and you're good to go.
This is really fun but because the pins aren't magnetic and have no way of staying on the lane it is very easy to lose pieces.
Very small. Touchy controls
My 7yr old son loved these, some of erasers we're hard to make but we we're able to just make our own creations which still was fun.
I bought this item as a Christmas present for my daughter. She loves Frozen! It seemed simple enough to mix the colors and paint the statues. However, the paint would not mix well enough to make the colors that were needed. Ended up buying extra paint to complete the project. Overall, I would still recommend the product. Best of luck mixing the colors to match.
Kids loved some of the surprises and some not so much. Makes great Easter egg hunt
These are beautiful, but the feathers break and fall off so easily! My kiddo is 6 and these look pretty rugged after she wore them twice.
We've gone through several of these because eventually the pads shred. Each year they seem a little cheaper and less well built. We have to have a little trampoline for our sensory seeker, but I wish I could find a child sized one that isn't huge and is better made. I like that this doesn't use springs.
I ordered two packs of these as a gag gift for a friend. A month later a third package somehow showed up at my parent's house stowed away in one of their other orders. Well played, Amazon.
They're ok. I was hoping for a harder/sturdier plastic so they could be played with and hold up. They're about the size of Hot wheels.
I wanted to be really excited about this whiteboard mat. But when the order arrived there were no pens or eraser like it was advertised. The tube the mat arrived in was not sealed on both sides and there was no sign of the eraser or pens in the box. My guess is the pens and such fell out before it even got into the shipping box. Hopefully Expo pens don't stain the mat I guess
The print on the front of the costume is barely visible. It just looks like a black jumpsuit. The mask is better than average. My 4-year-old says the size small is comfortable, and he loves it.
Pieces are curved making it hard to fit together. But love the concept! I tried flattening them with heavy objects but didn't work. They are all curved so the animals don't stay in at all.
The pictures on here are way better than in person, very cheesy and not a real collectable
cheap looking. impossible to attach to shoulder with string attached, had to use tons of safety pins
Expensive for only getting 12 but they look cool
The kids love these. They were a huge hit. Unfortunately, when they were squeezed the gel beads popped out so several balls in each pack became broken within minutes of being use.
The puzzle was great except a section of the right balloon had pieces that did not fit in the puzzle. Disappointing since I cannot pass it to my neighbors. Recycle material now!
the light are very poor
It is cheaply made and the pen broke almost immediately.
Just received the cards they're okay but 2 cards did not print for the math portion. Instead of the numbers I recieved blank cards. Other than that my soon to be 2 year old loves the cards
Smaller than I expected. It's fairly easy to topple. Everything is too close to one another otherwise a good piece of equipment for the price
Smaller than expected
My dog loved this ball as she already had one and I needed a new one but they shipped me a green one and we needed pink. She will not play with the other smaller green one we bought. Had I known I would not of bought it.
Cute but not really for an 18inch doll. It works good but the doll doesnt fit like it should.
Very thin and cheap plastic but that is what I needed. We used these to make Leprechaun traps in my classroom!
My niece loved playing this game but it didn't take long for it to break (the head broke) after a couple of months. Threw the head away but she wanted to keep all the boogers!
Pretty to look at. Zipper sticks.
Some of the toys didn't work
I ordered a 2nd set as my 2.5 yr old granddaughter played with them so often, they got worn out and a thick wire was sticking out of one leg. Imagine my surprise when my second set came with no dad and two grandfathers. I'm returning this and re-ordering a second. Hopefully we get the full family this time.
Tracks kind of flimsy tho
not much to it, they kept falling over ( the smaller ones) . i could have went without this purchase
Bought for grandkids, ages 3 and 6
Very cute! They break so easily it may not be worth it. Luckily, we only had 18 in the class so we had extra ones
I bought this product so I could let my cat enjoy nice weather with me. It was suprisingly large and very easy to set up. I had a problem with the door flap being sewn into one of the side hems but I just cut a few threads to loosen it. I pin the door shut to keep her inside. It is hard to fold it down to fit in the carry case so I just fold it flat to store. The material does snag and tear easily, but overall is a decent product for price.
One of my caps was way too tight. The pic is of two new caps. The one on the bottom has really tight elastic and gave me a tension headache. It was so tight I had a line around my forehead.
Upset I received these today & 1 of them was broken. My sons bday is next week & I needed them for his cake
The package was damaged and taped
This is a cute kit and was supposed to be for my 6 year old.... BUT as a grown adult I don't even understand how to do these! Ha! I'm so serious. I think you have to be familiar with jewelry making a bit to do these. It isn't as simple as just stringing beads. I definitely don't recommend this for younger girls.
Easy to make but very sticky/gooey. I wouldn't buy again.
Not meant for three year olds, although with the built in strap it does fit them. A couple of tosses and it's a matted mess.
I doesn't have a functioning solar component!! Waste of money
This RC truck is great for its price. Its very fast, has nice controls, super durable, and all around good. But after only 2 hours of use the ESC gave up and the truck didn't have reverse. So now im sending it back and gonna give it another try. All in all its a great truck but there is duds.
Not as great as I expected. Played this once during game night and nobody thought it was worthy of playing again. The box is also pretty small, the picture makes it look big. Just a bunch of cards in it and nothing more.
Over all good but music is way too loud my baby boy was SCARED of it :(
It's pretty cute if you want it on a shelf. It's not like a kid's stuffed animal at all. It feels like a decorated rock or a cardboard box with fluff. I returned it because as a bedtime toy for a 9 year old, it wasn't soft enough.
I gave it 3 stars instead of 1 because the actual ball entertained the puppy for a bit. The battery life on this thing isnt good. The weasel part came off day one and my Moms dog weighs 3 lbs. Def not a good buy for any dog.
Ordered these for our upcoming family vacation to Disney world. At first glance it is smaller than anticipated and the sturdiness in general leaves something to be desired. I will update after a humid day in the park to let you know if it held up or not.
Overall, not terrible quality. But several screws were forgotten, making us hunt around the house for similar ones on Christmas Eve. It did take my husband and I around 2 hours to assemble.
Good quality, not hard to assemble but it take little time, my 2 years old son having a little hard time riding it and he is not a small boy but I guess in a couple of months it will be fine
My kids love dress up so this was just another addition to their collection and it's decent but not great. Thin jacket with poor stitching and the accessories feel very cheap as well.
They keep making knots by them selves
looks really cute, but is a magnet for basically ANYTHING (dust, crumbs, liquids, etc)
The face doesn't look great and the rubber cape makes this figure a disappointment.
Got this pop for a great price but the box was beat up the pop itself was good so that's why the 3 stars.
This is adorable and so fun for a toddler. But it has little to no batteries on arrival, so don't expect it to last long.
If you hate your spouse or sleep, then buy this. My son loves it.
I got these for cake toppers for a birthday party... I would have given them 5 stars but the Sally figurine was bent forward and wouldn't stand up straight.... and the tree that was supposed to light up didn't work. But overall they worked ok, and my 2 year old loved seeing them on her cake.
My little girl loves baby alive babies. However these diapers are incredibly expensive to be single use items. I've read that premie diapers work for baby alive, but they seemed too large when we tried it. I am yet to find a cost effective alternative.
the sound is really loud!
These do glow, and for the most part work, but they ARE made out of harder rubber and foam than official darts and the tips will tear off if you use them in Nerf guns that use flywheels to launch the darts. The tips get pulled off as the dart is pulled out of the gun. Tips can be glued back into place with the right adhesive, but some glues will melt foam, and I have no idea which kind of glue will play nice with this mystery foam. We'll see.
It's a fun set and my daughter loves it but it's not very toddler friendly. The snap on top to keep it together doesn't work very well. I'll close it and it springs back open a minute later. Plus when you close it you need to lift all the items off the middle of the playhouse in order to close the sides. So there is no setting it up and playing later. You need to lay it flat and shake the pieces up to close it.
Works well on round balloons but not very well on long balloons.
Came very quickly. It works great for my pet rats. Came with pieces bent incorrectly. Other than that. It's a great item
Not a long lived as the original Hubsan batteries, but adequate for spares.
I received manual in Chinese. Can I get English version
Doesn't float well at all. Just flaps it's tail around and the head sinks underwater. The paint chips super easy. We've only had it a few weeks and it looks like we've had it for 2 summers.
Just ok- as another reviewer said, the original Spirograph was way cooler . Almost 5 year old granddaughter didn't show much interest
It was a great toy to let my kid play with while I try and practice guitar... He soon realized mine always sounds better because its in tune and this toy doesn't actually have the ability to hold a tune... It has held up to the rocking out and misuses as a sword, stick, stool, and hammer that a 2-year-old is likely to throw at it. It did finally break last week when he stepped on the back but it's only cracked and is still useable as a toy.
The hat is too big for my six year old sister's head. The material was hard and thought it was going to be softer.
Disappointed they sent the wrong color. Don't plan on giving this as a gift if you are relying on a favorite or gender specific color.
Magnets fine. Packaged opened to find like this in envelope...
As described but smaller than expected
Was ok. Not realistic to me. I was expecting better.
The necklace and bracelet are costume jewelry. They aren't high quality, but are nicer than you would expect for the price. The snitch on the bracelet is a yellow "pearl ". It would be nice if it were gold like the necklace. It would be nice if the necklace was a snitch with wings extended like the bracelet (my teenage daughter says so). Overall they are both nicer than the price paid.
Nice little flyers but pretty cheaply made (hence the cheap price). One has already broken but it has kept child entertained greatly
I laid this down on the patio table and all soap was leaked out. Value for money for own use, but it won't be gift idea.
Like most large Funko Pop's, the quality is minimal. The paint is never perfect. This is a key example
I don't know what the plastic is inside. That's weird. It's cute tho! It looks and is too big for my 2mo baby. Soooo Later we'll see!
Better than your antique old school yoyo but only, barely. No axle bearings and cheaply made. Spend three dollars more and get a much better one
used it to clear an engine code and it worked... APP software sucks...
I expected that this would be played with more for my 9 year old daughter. The novelty wore off pretty fast which was disappointing. She is careful with it and its durable. The songs and story it reads got annoying as it is a one hit wonder.
Cute little cylinder block set. The fit of the cylinders is not precise, and the handles and cylinders are separate pieces. It's not a high quality set, but serves its purpose. However, this is not a true Montessori set, as there should be 4 blocks of 10 cylinders, and more noticible weight difference between the different sized cylinders.
We received series 2 as well. However, my kids were very happy because we have had a hard time finding series 2 dolls! So I'll be ordering again :). Would be nice if the title was correct, though!
The back to the pin would not fit. It kept falling off. Ended up going to JoAnn's and brought a new back for it. It had an extra point sticking out the back, don't know why.
The product does not come with the part needed to connect it to a playset. We had to search for a bolt that would fasten into the wood of the playset that the climbing rope could fasten to. Otherwise the climbing rope is very sturdy and the kids love to swing and climb on it
My son opened this on Christmas morning and immediately wanted to put it together... unfortunately we didn't get all the pieces! Super disappointed son! **EDIT** Customer service has promised to send out the missing pieces.
This is a cute firetruck, and fit easily in toddler's hands. However, there were no sounds or lights included as there are on comparably priced Little People vehicles (such as plane, school bus).
I'm really disappointed with these due to they did not work as far as they said they did. It may be because we do not use them in an open field, but we bought them to use in town. And it didn't specify the distance was specific to in or out of town.
cheap china stuff...not worth it really.
Trucks fell off after a couple hours. Had to use superglue to hold it on.
Only bought this for the BAF piece. The colors are nice and clean but really wasn't looking forward to this figure.
Too family friendly for my road tripping. Not a bad product.
Smaller than I expected. Expensive item for the size.
My daughter was happy with it. I'm not a huge fan of the toy collar it came with. It's for the toy, but of course a child will try it on. It fits my daughter, but she forced it on our dog. Choker collars shouldn't be given in a young toy.
Everything was great, except the shirt is missing the button on the pocket.
Cute but box could have been in better shape
A little disappointed. I bought it because I had seen other people and all the animals make their corresponding sound, but the one I received is not the same, only two animals sound, the other two have a rattle of little stones or something like that. I was not happy
The dresses and other clothes are very nice. The shoes does not fit most of the dolls.
I bought this and a separate set of animals. The quality of the animals that came with this was really bad. Laughably abstract. Some of the animals were duplicated in the pack... and the difference in quality is striking.
This was a great product...until the battery ran out. I replaced it, but the board still won't erase!!! My son is very disappointed (as am I). I really should just stay away from electronic things!
The toy package was actually open when the item arrived. I'm not sure if it got that way because another item that was packaged with it pushed it open, or if it was already opened when it left the seller. Nevertheless, all of the pieces are present and item is as described.
Was it worth the price? Hell no. But my daughter loves it and she's enjoying it. It's not very sturdy, the back doors won't close all the way like they're supposed to, it's cheap plastic material and I don't think it will last more than a year or so. 3 stars because it came with everything listed and my daughter loves it.
Big TV hype; not such a great product. Kids were disappointed.
Make sure you buy weights - they're top heavy and hang upside down!
First of All, it ranges from 4T to 6X that is a broad size so, if your child (toddler) uses a size 4T it is way to big and it has only 1/2 part elastic waist. No drawstrings to resize. So sorry, material was okay, not the best. But, you get what you pay for. sorry I will pass on this one. :(
Not as many stamp varieties as the pictures indicated, and a number of them came dried out, but my kids love these are rewards for following directions.
As described, but was a bit smaller than expected.
Can't wait for my kids to open this gift on Christmas! They're going to love it
nothing special in my kit, 11 of 12 were all alike no colors only clear... one was solid!
Small runs really small. My 5 year old fits girls XS in regular clothes. Small is probably 4T or a little smaller. Overall quality is good though.
One of the connections did not work causing it to be flimsy.
Much smaller than I thought it would be.
This is a cute set but the only reason I bought it was because I was supposed to refunded for leaving a review but now the review company is not reachable. I will be returning the item.
The squirrel is really difficult to use.
Broke on the second day. I bought one for a gift and gave the other to my son. Split in half after two days.
When I purchased this I had no idea it wasn't a new toy being bought. For the price, I was disappointed to get a badly repackaged used doll. It is a gift which in the end I'm sure she'll enjoy, but boy the box is open and torn then taped back up. I noticed because the plastic on the box is scuffed and then i noticed it is repackaged and sold. Not damaged in transit or anything, straight sold used and put in original container. I would return but with slow holiday shopping I'm afraid I won't get it back on time. I hope the actual doll does look as bad as the box. It appears to be ok so far. Beautiful vibrant colors on the doll though.
i suggest getting them all of course
My daughter was so excited to receive these in the mail. She recently got a similar set from Legoland but wanted her father to have a set of his own to play with her. Upon arriving they looked pretty study. But after only 2 days the back handles on the shield came off of one. Easy fit with some gorilla glue. But all in all they were reasonably priced and the kids love them.
Although the display works with shapes/colors depicted, the shape of the slide when inserted limits the field size. Discovered we had a much less flexibility than the original star shower which covered 3 wall projections with an unobstructed display, this version seems to cut in on half the projection area. We had to move it further away which gave us larger/less shapes. This may not be an issue if you have direct, equal distance to all surfaces you want to have the display on.
I purchased this as Christmas present. The cars are very flimsy. I would imagine they won't last to long,
The battery only lasts for 10 minutes. If you buy this car, buy a better battery right off the jump or you will have sad kids.
Super cute. However, even the smallest buds didn't fit my son's ears. Definitely not made for children under 8 (unless they're dumbo)
I got this cars but one did not work. Easy to return . Got money back.
Box came it broken, so are the few crayons
It was enjoyable for a bit. The end bumpers fall off super easy while playing with them. When you put the sticks inside the bumpers the plastic splits very easy.
Cute but the egg was already broken when we received it.
If these are anything like the ones on the drone, it looks like Ill be buying lots of these or I need to get better at flying
liked the dice but when we opened it up and we were missing a dice. Doesn't seem like a big deal but we were playing a game that each player has to have ten dice to play. There was a group of us and we really needed the one dice. Have one odd dice kinda throws your game.
My son loves the truck but I think for $65 it should be made out of a better material. The whole truck is made out of plastic. I was hoping it would be more durable like a cast iron for the price. Otherwise the truck was the correct size and came unbroken. Again there is nothing wrong with the truck itself I just think for the price it should be better than just plastic.
I've purchased this item maybe 2 months ago and it's really cute, and my little guy loves it. My problem with it is that some of the designs on the pieces are coming apart from the wooden base. Not very resistant.
Cheap making product. Shoe are better
Kids like it but lots if pieces
not sure we like. Got stuck pretty fast and she is expert cube solver. Will try again since a neat concept.
Much smaller than I thought it would be. Kind of a disappointment
Slide isn't really a slide. Still my kid had fun with it until our cat decided to play in it and popped it.
Box arrived damaged.
The sand is very different from the other sands we have it's very fine sand the grains are much smaller and it doesn't stick together very well like the others. The main reason we bought it was the glow in the dark feature which is ok but not great. After 10 minutes my grandson was ready to put it up and play with his other sands. It can be very messy if your not very careful and it also sticks to your hands.
These are not coin purses. They do not open. They are fuzzy key chains. Also, there are 24 little clips that not sure what they do. For $10 I guess you get what you pay for but bummed there were no coin purses because that's really what I was looking for.
We love the doll, but received it yesterday and the zipper on the jacket is stuck. When my daughter tried to unzip the jacket the decoration also came off.
Really cute product except only had 3 licorice twists in the bag when it is suppose to have 5.
Cheap product, cute concept. The little flashlight and magnifying glass are already broken within a week of use, and I saw the moment they both broke and nothing crazy was happening 🙄 so far the binoculars are holding up well.
I don't know how to shuffle cards, and I have a lot card games. This product is a time saver. It does work most of the time. What I've noticed is the left side does not shuffle that well. Meaning on the right all the cards are gone but on the left there is still a giant stack left. The weird part is it only does it sometimes it all depends what cards you put in. Having a lot card games most have different sizes of cards. On some games every single card is shuffled properly, on others there is still a giant stack left on the left side. Usually if the cards are standard american playing cards it works great, but if they are tiny-er cards like UNO cards the machine does not work as well. But overall I did enjoy this product hopefully it last for a while only had it for a month.
Purchased 2 of these and had a bit of difficulty placing the out ring sticker on both. However, it was fun watching the recipients guess the unique code I added for both.
The box was fucked up i hate it!
The board is sturdy, but one of the screw holes isn't lined up right. I tried it every which way, but I'll have to get the drill out yo drill a new hole....so my kid hasn't used it yet.
You get what you pay for. I paid about $40 for this which isn't terrible. It just arrived today and I was pretty darn excited. When I opened the figure, she came with her rifle and a base. When I took a closer look, she had quite a few (not too noticeable) paint defects. And when I looked at her left foot, there was a pretty big chunk of plastic where the shoe should end. It doesn't stick into the base all that well but if you push it hard enough then it will. The rifle was a pain to get into her hands but eventually was in. Overall it's an ok figure.
Comes with a lot of pieces but cheap plastic feel. I would have preferred to spend a little more for a higher quality set.
6 yr. old son really loves this game. It has helped him a great deal with counting cash. My game however didn't come with a dye. and I wish we had a holder to place the money in so it was easier to visually see them and for clean up. But definitely recommended for little ones. My son is in 1st grade at the moment.
This set is sold with 6 letter tiles front and back, total 12. Who sells anything with half the alphabet. WTF can't even spell my kids common five letter name. Otherwise nice toy.
These are so tiny, like the size of a nickel. Disappointing.
No instructions were included in the box so when it came to filling the water gun with water it was confusing where to pull up the cover or unscrew it. You need to unscrew it. Once that was taken care of they were fine for the first day. On the second use one doesn't hold pressure and one does.
The green, blue, and purple colored glow sticks did not work. Those are my favorite colors and I felt bummed out when they barely lit up or did not light up at all. 3 out of 5 stars is a fair review since some of the colors did light up.
These were so much fun in my son's bat man themed birthday party pinata. The kids (and adults) loved. There are lots of duplicates in the bag though.
Game is pretty, but cheap cardboard pieces. Game play is mostly abstract and what position you are sitting in is important. I would classify it as a strategy game, but the strategy is very easy to pick up on (which is a good or bad thing depending on your preferences.) I think kids in the 8-10 range would enjoy it a lot, but I think after the first couple runs it is a little simple for a lot of replay-ability by adults.
Fun toy and my 11 year old son enjoyed the toy, but the holster arrived in pieces and required a glue gun to put it back together
It's cheaply made but it's only a toy. There are only 2 melodies on the back of the box that are not recognizable to children. I called the company to see if there is any sheet music for this instrument but there isn't.
It's a very nice model, but; the hood, trunk and doors do not open.
My 4-year-old daughter waited months for Santa to bring JJ, My Jumping Pug for her on Christmas. She was so excited for him and absolutely adores him. But sadly, it's now Feb 7, and he is no longer working. I would say he has been "buggy" for a few weeks now. We tried changing his batteries several times but nothing is helping. I'll probably contact Hasbro about it soon.
Too small for size of group playing.
It was cute but not worth $7.99. Very small even for my petite one year old granddaughter.
Color was good. Cards move around inside case. Nothing to hold them in place.
Great value, but cheaply made.. Have three stars due to being refunded in full.. They were great except the "peas in a pot" broke right out of the package.. then items were given to my 3 year old autistic daughter as a birthday gift. they started falling apart within hours of playing with them!! My 3 year old and 19 month old would bring me pieces and I caught my 19 month old chewing on some of the broken pieces!! I threw away all the pieces I could find. but they are MAJOR CHOKING HAZARDS!!! So I contacted the seller and explained what happened and told them I could not return the items due to throwing many parts away but they still refunded me in full! GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Over all I'm satisfied.
Cute but not worth purchasing! They break at first whine!
The 12 year old really enjoys this. However, pieces will randomly pop off of it. Luckily we have been able to repair it ourselves.
Only my 2 of the 3 necklaces worked. Ran out of battery pretty quick.
Its little bit of awkward structure. Its sitting a bit low so your kid has to just stand and play without a chair, and its wider than I thought it would be. But it was easy to assemble and sturdy
My son loves it. Unfortunately it only worked for a day and the batteries died. Bought more batteries and now all it does is say “Hello”
I was disappointed because it felt like my order was forgot about. I ordered this with my prime membership to get this very quickly roughly two weeks before Christmas is when the order was placed. I kept following up on the order to see if it had shipped out but then a few days before Christmas I emailed customer service and they shipped it but this was the Friday before Christmas (Monday) which then had the package be delivered late. My 4 year old had the hulk hands on Christmas but regrettably didn't have the hulk mask to complete the attire. I would not recommend this supplier. However, the mask was in good condition and works fine.
I got a defective item. I would return it, but it's cheap and I can use part of it. I don't recommend getting this. There are better quality parts for not a lot more.
It took us 4 different train/ remote sets and many contacts with Lionel trains to receive a train and remote that actually worked to allow the train to move around the track. The kids love it now but it was quite the process.
My granddaughter loves Elmo. I am kind of disappointed that the tummy button on the one we received is very hard to engage. I'm fact, my granddaughter doesn't even know that the tummy is supposed to make Elmo react. That's a bummer but both feet tickle so that's good at least.
My son of course loves it because it's combo panda, but it's arms were sewn to the wrong spot (behind his head)
Game for four people Only two directions cards In this game each person needs one
Got exact items but they arent very tough my 7 YEAR old daughter with SPD chewed through it in less than a week. The snaps also break off easily.
I like the bright colors and the fact they are very easy for my baby to grip but they barely make any noise at all. They don't grab his attention the way the ones we have used at playtime have. He ignores them for the most part so I wouldn't recommend them.
Train looks nice. It takes time to set it on the tracks. The tracks can easily came off by simple touch. To me this is 3.5 stars.
Product box has been taped with printed clear tape. Unable to remove tape without damaging packaging. Not presentable as a new gift.
Kids had a lot of fun with this mask but I would have thought that it would have been made of a more quality plastic. It is very thin
Box was pushed in on the back.
The paci didn't fit her baby alive doll. The diapers are bigger then the ones that come with baby alive dolls. The bag is kinda crappy so she uses a different bag.
It was what it said. But it came and the package was damaged and looked like it had been open. Embarrassed to wrap it up for Christmas.
My kid loves minecraft. This held his attention for a couple days. I bought as a random gift when my kid goes above and beyond what is asked of him
Liked the old school wood better though
I was looking forward to this Barbie changing colors but it did not, at all. Barbie was submerged in water overnight and no change to her bathing suit. The dog also swims sideways which was funny but my daughter didn't seem to care. It's ok for the price, I guess.
Most of the balloons were fine but the big transformer balloon had a leak and was not usable.
Breaks easily. I had to buy another one
My son loves them but when I opened the package one of the guns where broke so I super glue it back together
Haven't blowed up yet, they need a string to hang on but look nice
The costume fit as advertised. Only complaints are the light up bat signal didn't work and arrived one day later than promised.
Small and overpriced. Returned
Not as great as I thought it would be. Supposed to be for kids and will not wrap tight enough on their wrist to stay up right. Touch sensitivity is great though but a disappointment to my niece when it wouldn't stay up right.
My daughter insisted for over a year that she needed this to go with the hip hop spots. So, I finally bought it and the skip it for her birthday. She thought it was pretty cool, but it is a bit large and chunky for wearing on your wrist. Plus the battery died after only a short amount. Now it sits in the counter, waiting for me to buy a new battery. Sigh.
Not worth the price.
Books are great but did not fit with desk.
I believe the lightstick IS real but I did not receive photocards like I was supposed to. I'm really upset about it.
Great fun toy for my 7 year old. Does not last long on battery. Comes with two so you may get 30 minutes of enjoyment before having to charge. Play on mud and climb up rocks, it does what it says.
Very small, but cute.
Everything in this kit is fully functional, except the battery powered mini grinder. Everything else works because it is not electronic. The grinder is a failure and faulty. Tested and the battery holder (handle) maintains a charge, but the motor appears to receive no charge. Most likely a short circuit somewhere in the motor.
It's complicated to figure out how it works but it's cute.
Good idea for kids Xmas present
I used these on an Inductrix FPV + with a custom carbon fiber body, so YMMV if you are using the default body. The props fit fine on the 1 mm shaft of the Inductrix FPV + motors and are the correct size. They have less thrust than the original 4 bladed props. The build quality is not that great; a couple of bumps here and there and the blades get bent. MEOW mode does not work. But since there are 16 propellers, they will last long as you can just keep on replacing the failing ones.
Got to use for an art project with my niece's name. There was plenty of letters with the colored side of the blocks; however with her name they were practically all the same color and I was hoping for more mixture. So I decided just to use the plain wood side with the black outline letters instead, since it wasn't going to be well mixed with the colors, but in the non-colored sides there were no letters R, D, or N (it might be missing others as well but that's what I needed for her name that was missing). Did anyone else's have those letters? I'm trying to decide if it's be worth returning and getting a second batch if I was somehow just unlucky this time.
I got this toy so my daughter could practice some fine motor skills - most of it was nice but the button was way too big for the button hole. As a grown woman I struggled to do it. Just a little disappointing that it wasn't as high quality as I would expect from Melissa and Doug.
The packaging was opened and appeared tried on. The mask was stuffed inside and the package wouldnt close. When ordering something new you expect intact packaging
I was bummed he two tracks didn't fit together. Be aware that here are he light up tracks as well as other normal tracks, but the two do not work together. I prefer the normal tracks over the light up. They're more pliable and easier to put together.
My kids love the doodles but only 1 of the stamps stay in the assigned openings and the screen is not fully vanishing after writing even going back and forth 5+ times.
Bought them for a five-year-old birthday party.Kids loved them. They are loud and quite a few of them did not work. Luckily I had ordered extra.
The are the small tubes (not the big ones that I originally thought). The picture is a bit misleading. I guess I should have read more closely.
This magical bracelet toy came open, looks like some one have opened it before. But I kept it anyway because my daughters been waiting for them to come for a long time.
They are fine. Only 4 out of 5 lit up.
The concept design of the doll is excellent. Unfortunately, some versions of this doll has factory defects. My score is based on factory defect that I noticed with the eyes. A couple of Fashionistas have had an issue with painted faces not aligning to the doll's head.
not very nice. will work for the child. hope they fit the doll. they look entirely too small. will not be able to try on doll until christmas. if they don''t fit i will return them.
cute and decorative, but back is fairly flimsy. I don't feel safe leaving my son in this chair without my hand close by, as he can easily bend the back with his weight.
Nice cards but the bag was filthy. No contact info included for the buy so I had to leave feedback in the form of a question. I am a seller too so please include something that helps us contact you in case there is an issue. Also, as a seller, can't imagine letting something head to a customer looking so dirty. The cards themselves are good quality and appear to be new although they were not sealed. I'll update this review if contact is made.
PARTS ARE NOT VERY DURABLE. EASY TO LOSE.
D20 after 400 rolls favors the 16 and 2 nearly 1 out of every 5 rolls. Die I clearly unbalanced. Very pretty. Very solid.
It's soft and the price was good, but for this particular pillow pet (butterfly), it came apart at a seam during only the 2nd wash and got fuzz EVERYWHERE in our washer (and eventually the dryer as all the clothes covered in fuzz dried out). I stitched it together so we'll see how it goes. If this was my first experience it would be 1 star... but 3 stars because this size pillow pet is great for my daughter at preschool and the unicorn we previously had held up for two years of constant use and washing before it finally got lost/stolen.
The car is powerful, speedy. But the battery life is too short, it can support no more than 10 minutes for a running car. There is not much fun to play it in a small space because the car moves very fast, not so controllable. It is good for outdoor fun, but again, have to face the short battery life issue. I try to find a big capacity battery to replace the native ones.
ok but too hart to pull out and push in.
Smaller than expected but probably what was described. Too small to scare birds,they will probably fly off with them.
A nice assortment, but very small. We ended up making the Lorax mustache with yellow yarn.
I thought my 5yo would like this for bath time. But she rarely asks for it. It is pretty cool the way it moves its arms and legs when she is wet.
Doesn't really look like this picture but still pretty. A bit see through.
Love except that it's different from the picture. See pic. The warning label is white and really stands out. Would be better if put it on the underside.
I like that this is a soft material and that the materials reinforce different natural resources for building. However I wish the pieces would stack or hold together better because building is really not possible. It's more lying pieces on top of each other to build very small sculptures. Would like if these linked or secured into place somehow. Not what I was expecting.
The toy is nice i just didn't realize it came in a ugly brown box. I woukd have rather had the original packaging
If you can't read Japanese you may not want this item. First of all, I have since been told that the print on the packaging is Chinese, not Japanese. The company has provided me with printed-in-English instructions and has been proactive in satisfying me as a customer, so I have changed my rating to 3 stars.
Wish I could buy an elf without the book all over
I used these for my Comic Con Costume and it really set the outfit off. The color is not white, but an off-white. You were able to tell once I put on my white dress. The fit was true to size and they were more comfortable than what I thought.
This is very comfortable only problem is the mesh seat falls out of it. It is still comfortable.
IT'S GREAT, KIDS LOVED IT. I'M NOT IMPRESSED.
Missing parts, I emailed the company to get a new lid, because ours was missing the port to recharge the toy. They were very pleasant and said they would send another. Waiting for it to come.
Product is good but missing pieces. Unable to find a way to contact the seller to get the screws to actually be able to use the swing :(
This slime is great at first, but it turns hard and lumpy after a few weeks. Wouldn't buy again.
This boat is a lot faster than you think. The only thing i dislike about this, is the remote control. Speed is not regulated at all, its either wide open or nothing.
I ordered these items for my daughter's first birthday party. Like everyone else has said, a few of the prices were bent but nothing too terrible. They are defiently cardboard but are easily sprayed with adhesive and sprinkled with glitter to make them dazzle :)
It's really small. Fine for a little kid but nearly impossible for an adult to use. I could barely get my hand in there and I have tiny little Trump hands. Quality is good... and it does have a teeny spot to work the tail but overall, I'm disappointed.
The bag doesn't closed.
My child loves this book bag for school. The zippers are the weak point though. After 2 months of school use the zippers have both broken off. The book bag can still be zipped shut though, the thin metal used on the part of the zipper you grab and pull is the part that has failed. We will probably slip a pipe cleaner or zip strip on to the zipper to make something to grab onto to make zipping easier.
The issue was that the costume was very hard for my son to walk in. It cinches at the knee so he had to waddle like a penguin. Not helpful for door to door trick or treating.
The game is interesting and has an unusual theme, but the components are cheaply made. The tiny cubes that go on the player mats slide all over the place. To get plastic covers that hold the player pieces in place on the mat, you must go to a 3rd party vendor and pay about $40 for 4 covers.
We bought this is a birthday present. There's a beautiful learning curve in shooting the darts. Lost interest pretty quickly. I'm sure it's a great product but not necessarily suitable for a 10 year old
Adorable, love the blush on the nose. because of the odd shape, it doesn't actually function well as a neck pillow, but it makes a cute plush.
A lot of the hands won't snap it but for a 5 year old, he loves them. Great for the price
Love the size, but has trouble holding air so I have to constantly fill it.
Box was smushed, poorly packaged by Amazon
The board is ok and performs as expected. However, the magnet pieces have creepy smiles on it, making us bit hesitant on using it.
The spartan cant even hold the assault rifle
most reviews were correct..no way it will shoot the distance listed..need lots of water. but I knew all this before I bought it..works for what I needed it for..chance away unwanted creatures without hurting them!
The voices sound British, but my 4 year old likes it.
Magnets are high quality but some of the symbols are a bit confusing for a little one. A basic and simple design - no times, just day or night. Hasn't helped us much.
Intended for my daughter's birthday party as favors. Out of 50, 8 are either broken or the stamps themselves are crumbled and cannot leave a clearly defined image. Not the worst, but I was hoping for quality all throughout the box, so I am a little bummed out. Hopefully the kids like green more than pink or purple because greens were pretty unscathed*
It's cute and my toddler loves it but after only a few times wearing it he's got some runs and tears in the thin fabric and there are threads hanging everywhere that need to be cut. He loves it but I expected better quality.
Shipping took two days, not one day. After taking out of box I immediately got a splinter so I had to sand everything down before giving to my baby. Finally, the pegs are much shorter than I thought so I'm definitely going to have to supervise with this one for a while because my girl loves putting everything in her mouth.
Used once and they are already stretching out.
They are good for my class but they are very cheaply made. There were a lot of loose string and the finger inserts were not sewn properly making it hard to wear them. Decent for the price but don't get these if you are buying them for a child to play with.
We've played this game 3 times and it's already getting boring, think I paid too much for what you get.
Nice toy, but the starter supposedly make noise but the one I got isn't working!
This puzzle looked interesting and my son thought it would be fun. However, it took him about a minute to solve. He was disappointed and now it's just collecting dust.
One was broke when item arrived but son wanted to keep them.
Cute and fun. My child thought it was awesome. It does leave a colorful residue if thrown against a wall.
Fun game with some funny cards and some lame cards. Overall not too impressed.
I purchased 2 of these, kept one for my house and gave the other to a friend as a gift. After about 2 months of having it, it randomly stopped working. I switched out batteries and still nothing. Turns out hers stopped working too!! Am I the only one?! The kids absolutely LOVE this toy and wish I can figure this out before calling customer service.
it wouldn't stay in my mouth!
The app is stupid. We are going to buy the additional stories and then just not use the app (unless/until new stories are released). You cannot just play songs or just stories. The songs are within the stories. The eyes are a little fun. But I think it's silly that you have to be so careful with them. If I could return it, I would. But since I bought back in September I can't. It's not a terrible toy. But I don't think it's worth the $100 I paid for it (that's what it cost when it was first released on Amazon).
Both sides of the diaper are not velcro. Only one side. The other side is sewn shut. My kid still likes it a lot though so 3 stars
The product was fine, but I thought I was getting the cards with my purchase. Just be aware that it doesn't come with the cards.
a LOT of cards for age suggestions....
The colors are perfect and it looks just like the picture just a lot smaller than what I was expecting
Great game. We play it with friends.
Great product, but extremely poor packaging as in none at all just sent the actual item with nothing protecting it.
Item is perfect but I gave it 3 stars because the Packaging was terrible. I'm just glad it was for my daughter because if it was something I wanted to gift to another child I would have had to return it.
It's fun and all but once you get the hang of how hard to hit it's boring, maybe for younger children it's a good ideas but definitely not for the family
wrong piece white circle instead of gray that wont make the horse go around because it doesn't fit
Most items lit up.at least one wasn't working.got for xmas present and was not present when opened.child enjoyed it and was playing with it.did not return item because mother was not worried about not working and child was enjoying it .
One of the Little Tike symbols was put in upside down- back right piece Is it possible to get a replacement?
its ok but theres strong feedback 40% of the time. and i guess durability would be a concern for this
I couldn't find this in boy colors for my son so we got this one and he liked it for the lights. All of the functions work well with the exception of the mic volume. If you're looking for loud tunes this isn't for you. Sound quality wasn't great. But the lights and record features are cute.
The head of the alien is backwards on its body...
Lots of paper dust in the box. Some pieces not cut all the way through and top layer of several pieces not completely glued to puzzle backing.
These hippity hoppers did not have much hippity hop 🤷🏼‍♀️ The motor didn't seem powerful enough for the weight of the animals and only worked (somewhat) on hard surfaces, not carpet. If you can find another wind up you should get that one instead!
This game was an addition to our game library but it's kind of predictable and got boring.
A little disappointed with this bag. Did not hold very many toys & everything fell out of the bag very easily.
Very cute, just not well made.
I'm mixed on this toy. It looks fine, but it is not the highest quality. The material seems thin and it feels like it is going to easily fall apart. My daughter enjoys having it, as there are not a lot of toothless toys out there, but she doesn't play with it much. It mostly sits on her bed.
Not bad for the price, the legs are shaped really weird but my girls are more interested in the baby belly so they were happy
Fun but cheaply made
I received the product and I loved it, but it came missing this item that I posted in the photo.
Smaller than I expected
My son absolutely loved it. I was extremely disappointed on how cheap the material is. It started tearing after two uses. However I was able to hand wash it to remove stains pretty easy.
These rings run very big. I purchased them for a bachelorette party and most of us ended up taking them off through out the night. Otherwise the batteries lasted very well.
Disappointed that it was way smaller than I expected, but cute.
I don't think my cat cat likes this collar. She keeps scratching around her neck and wants me to scratch her neck too . I don't see any fleas but it seems to cause her to be itchy. The scent is ok. But something seems to irritate my cat not sure if it's an ingredient used in the collar of what. It was a descent price. Just not sure it's for my cat
Nice headset, but the latch is terrible and it doesn't have a head strap.
Stopped squeaking after two days very disappointed little boy
For the price, its exactly what you would expect. Ok
Low quality as expected but it was purchased as a toy for my 4 year old. So it's OK for that.
smaller and lighter weight than expected but the boys love it and it fits in their gameroom nicely
I wanted to love them! My son was so happy when he saw them. One was broken before we even opened the package, Others broke within minutes of him playing with them. Very cheaply made and dainty definitely not for a three-year-old to play with
Haven't used it yet waiting until the 4th of July but the quality of it look fantastic
expensive of lighting Wire the buildings yourself
I didn't read the description but should have; its plastic. Kid got on it & it's foot area went pretty much to the ground :(
As described, but box is somewhat damaged.
OK, the print on the plates etc. seemed to lack
My son really wanted this kit thinking it was just like legos but he had a really hard time putting the pieces together. I myself struggled getting some of the pieces to connect. Will stick to LEGO kits until he can use more force to build these himself.
Pretty whimsy, thin plastic material. It's a nice big fun toy but it is mighty flimsy.
My granddaughter wanted this and in the pictures it is opaque, but when it arrived, it was transparent and not nearly as cute.
Super cute & colorful figures. Other than that, what a waste of packaging! Holy crap! Good luck getting them open correctly. Terrifying pop like opening biscuits if you do get them open, but that's my personal challenge. Absolutely worth the $8 I paid on sale for the set of 6, but individually, no way, unless paying for the trash they produce is your thing. Horrible environmentally. McGyver could probably build a nuclear submarine with the leftover trash. As an adult blind bag/dolly collector, these will be incredibly frustrating for kids if they have to open more than one, or if they open it incorrectly.
The container was damaged and some of the items leaked out almost completely. Disappointed.
Cute decorations and served their purpose! They are pretty cheaply made and the screws kept coming out of the mega phone and the trophy is very small.. perfect for party decor but I think they could lower the price for the quality of the set
The product works fine, but the colors are not as pretty as they are shown in the picture.
It's listed as a three pack, but it's only 2.
Scares the hell out of our grandchild but I think it will be better when he gets older. I would not recommend it for children until they begin to talk.
My son loved this toy. The screws are easy to work and the screwdriver is just the right size for his little hand. Unfortunately, we took it to a friend's house and lost one of the screws, much to my toddler's dismay. Based on the great reviews and the manufacturer's helpful responses in the questions section, I contacted them to try to purchase a few additional spare screws. After days of waiting to hear back, they responded that they were very sorry that they could not accommodate my request but would be happy to sell me a whole new toy. So...yeah. Great toy. Lousy customer service from the seller. I was excited to buy some of their other toys. Now, not so much.
It's an adorable tent for child. My son loves it. Although in the first week it already started ripping at the seam by door.
It was a cute idea but one of the links didn't work past one day. I had not realized it wouldn't run on carpet so the space my grandson could use it was limited. If the carpet was mentioned I either didn't see it or it wasn't listed at all.
Overall it is fine for the price, but the pretend gardening shears broke the first time the kids played with them. :(
I wish I could give these 5 stars but about a week after opening them, and with gentle play, a couple of the pieces broke at the connectors. Not sure if we got a bad bunch or if this is indicative of the overall quality of the product.
I bought this funko for my wife because she really wanted it when I purchased it I bought the Amazon prime one so I could get free shipping which worked great, but why am I giving it three stars is because I feel like I was lied to alil bit. I purchased this item under the condition new which tells me that it will be a brand new, what I got looks like a used funko with a good condition the packaging of the box has a rip down the back it's not a big rip but it is a decent sized one. the box has been damaged which could have been due to shipping that's fine, but when I looked at the funko the plastic shell inside that holds it in place was damaged and ripped and a chunk was just flopping around in the box. the figure looks great but we bought this because we wanted to add it to our collection and we wanted a new funko like it said we would get not a used funko which we feel like we got instead (Pictures add to show rip in box and damage done to the box)
Half of these arrived broken - which probably happened in shipping- but it was still frustrating.
Ours had a small leak when we received it .
Cheaply made, the toy will not last long with our 4 year old. The sound it great but the handle to lift and turn the bucket move minimally.
Not 16" as advertised in title and description. These are exactly 14" tall. They get 3 stars for positionable joints, but I am extremely disappointed with the size. 12.5% size reduction is very significant and a deal-breaker regarding their planned use. We are not sure what we will do with 8 undersized skeletons, because they cannot be used for the intended purpose.
These crayons are very sturdy but the colors are practically transparent on paper.
I bought this for my two year old because his other magna doodle broke, but it was really really hard for him to erase the picture. The other that we had (looked exactly like this, just a different color) wasn't nearly as hard to erase, so I ended up returning it.
Haven't received the item yet.
Looks like Shaun the Sheep, but doesn't move with the solar power--disappointing
The picture showed designs on the eggs, but they were actually all plain.
This is a cute toy and its movements are unlike any other interactive toy I've ever seen. However, it doesn't walk and mostly just makes noises, blinks and sits back. And while cute, that unfortunately gets old for kids pretty quickly. If he were half the price I would say he'd be 5 stars, but at $119 (what I paid at the time), he's not quite there. The chicken toy is a bit weird too. Maybe we didn't read the directions properly, but no matter what we do with the chicken, he doesn't really respond. I think it's a gimmick to make up for the fact that he doesn't walk, but he doesn't really react to the chicken either (it's just a rubber squeeze toy and doesn't have any interactive components in it). If you're on the fence with this guy, wait until he's way cheaper.
My 2 year old discovered a love for cutting paper at Sunday school so I figured I'd buy some scissors for home. And while his and my hair are safe from them, so it most paper. He gets frustrated that they're incredibly difficult to actually use to cut anything and then goes looking for mommy's scissors instead. So you won't get anything damaged by your toddler and they won't be hurt, but be prepared to actually buy them other scissors when they actually want to craft.
This was a gift for a unknown child.
My daughter (5) wanted one of these so bad, so we got it for her for Christmas. The initial excitement of it hatching was a lot of fun and she played with it for a couple days, but lost interest quickly. I think the product itself is fun and cute, but for us I feel it was a waste of money.
I was disappointed because the markers were all dried out when I received these.
who knows whether the kit will work or not, but it did include this wicked looking little grub
Top torso pieces fell of and left sword fell off but overall i recomend this for stop motion very posible good figure
Although it is 48 pcs. These favors are pretty cheaply made and I wish I would've shopped around.
Board is pretty good. Nice padding. But the pieces! Minor blemishes... fine I can deal with that. But the white king looks like it was carved from wax and set in the sun to melt. Still works fine for the game and magnets are nice. But only a three star set considering the price paid.
Not very heavy . I well good for price
It's smaller then a poster the babies can't share that. 10$ for this ? Not worth it kids were disinterested in like a minute but they draw on poster boards for hours. Just saying
very small expected it to be larger
These are nice and bright leis. One unexpected perk is that the package they come in is a resealable bag, which is nice to keep them all together. The petals on the leis are from fabric, so they do shed some threads. Other than that, they are pretty standard.
Well it's been a few weeks now and few complaints here. First the battery cover loves to pop off. Second the plastic housing that surrounding the glass and connects to the metal flexible arm is a bit cheap to put it nicely. I actually had to pull out the little screw that holds the housing to the arm that kept coming loose, and drill a hole through the plastic housing and put a new larger screw in it so it didn't fall off. I'm now nothing at the other end of the flex arm where it screws into the C-clap it's beginning to strip out from using it as often as I do. This could be and isolated incident but I'm thinking it's just cheap materials.. On a positive note it's been great for the shop/work area I'm using it in. So for $20 you get what you pay for.
Some of the fossils were broken right out of the package. And if you don't have a real chisel, you'll need one. It comes with small wooden tools that sometimes can't get through the rock.
I bought this female figure as a drawing reference after being thoroughly impressed by the male version. While I still found this figure helpful, its not nearly as detailed as the male. For example, the male version has a joint at the bicep muscle that can turn and twist to create more realistic arm positioning. The female version does not have that. The arm is just awkward in general, particularly how it bends at the elbow. If you have a good grasp on anatomy then you can correct these issues in your drawing, but if you are a newer artist then this figure might be confusing to work with. Also, as a heads up, the female figure is much smaller than the male. I'd say her head reaches around his shoulder. One more thing... the stand it comes with is helpful, but very flimsy. It kept collapsing or falling apart as I tried to position her.
Doesn't pick up hard wood floor very well
Its a fake bey. and it broke easily
Only received 26 in my order of 30. Two of those were out of their package and a bit dirty and worn. The variety received was good - only a few duplicates in the lot.
Way smaller than expected. Ordered this chair and another similar girl one for baseball games this year. I have a 4 and 3 year old.. The 3 year old fits in it well but my 4 year old just looks way to big. I also have 2 year old twins that fit it it perfect. No way is an 8 year old fitting in this. They should specify for a toddler age.. Meaning 2-3 years of age. Other than that product is built well, not cheap material. Pleased with that aspect
They are very cute. But I have found myself super gluing wings back on since day one. They were pretty cheap though and my kids are tough. So, all in all I'm still glad we got them.
UPDATED REVIEW: After sharing my original review, I received a prompt and thoughtful message from the seller, who apologized and offered me a full refund and free replacement parts for the defective wooden dowels. I appreciate his responsiveness and willingness to try and make things right. I remain concerned that the part broke in the first place, however, as it put my child and potentially others at risk of serious injury. If you want to use this set, I recommend approaching with caution, and communicating with the seller immediately regarding any concerns. ORIGINAL REVIEW: As big fans of the show American Ninja Warrior, my kids were eager to try out this course. After only the third use, one of the wooden swinging bars cracked and broke, causing my daughter to fall several feet and land on her head. She weighs about 60 pounds, well under the weight limit for this product, so I have to conclude that this set was defective. I will be returning it and am going to insist upon a full refund. Not worth the risk for a poorly made, unsafe product. Extremely disappointed.
was present ... they seemed to love it
The fish are great! Kids absolutely love them in the pool but the fishing rods are very flimsy and broke right away
Works as it is supposed to, ...but i think if i were to design one, i would put some sort of non-slip coating on the back. It slides around on the table pretty easily,
Only had this table a couple months and the paper roll holder broke off and I needed to reinforce it. The metal part of the cams actually twisted apart. The table itself and stools aren't too bad but it's a shame the accessories don't hold up well.
Seems like a solid little charger. Whoever was in charge at R&D must have been baked though because the handy plug with the gator clips (so you can clip onto a battery in the feild) has the same male connector as the input on the charger. Luckily they include two of the female connectors so I could make my own. Other than that bit of oversight I am happy with the charger and I have no issues charging 4s batteries for my quad
Two missing pieces in otherwise great puzzle. Beautiful picture in rich colors with quality cut pieces. A pleasure to do except for missing pieces at the end of all the work. Appreciate easy refund from Amazon.
For the price it does great! Definitely charges lipos faster than the trickle usb chargers you usually have to use! That said I am pretty sure that the voltage reading is not very accurate. Also I reccomend pluging the power supply to the unit before attaching it to ac power. I did this the opposite a few times until it sparked on me....pretty scary if you ask me. Another issue I have is the supplied adapters, I really think it needs to come with a few more options, what did come with it was fine, but I had to buy several other banana plug adapters for about half of my batteries. All in all not bad, if not a little cheaply made.... Make sure you have a voltage meter for your batteries, so that you can get better voltage readings.
These type of items are always over priced, not much to them, but my daughter liked
For the price that I paid for this toy I was expecting something much bigger. The Chris figure is only 2 inches tall.
Pretty balloons. The problem that some of them not so big and when I filled them with helium they still fall
Great plane, but the sound it too loud.
Nothing bad to say about Hubsan 501S Pro... Great for all but the video sucks when recording on this drone, the video jumps around bad so video's are out
A little complicated to operate for a toddler.
Within a couple days of receiving these they stopped working. My son actually said they didn't work quite like his friends from the beginning. Very disappointing considering what we paid for them. Unfortunately they were a gift so my return window expired before I even got to give them.
It doesn't kick very well when in water. However my nephew still loved it.
The right side does not open. We had to pry it open. The glitter is just some goopy gel stuff that flakes off when it dries.
The unit is simple but there's one catch. I actually threw it in the bin until I read about this. The measurement is in the negative line, not the positive. So if there's any way that current can bypass this device, it will read too low.
Definitely overpriced.
Frustration free packaging does not equal frustration free assembly. It took about 45 minutes to assemble. This is a little flimsy. I'm not sure how long it will hold up.
Pants dont fit dolls so I had to sew them to fit.
Smaller than expected. It's wood, but seems kinda cheap overall.
the package was a little damaged when it got here the plastic on the side was open and the little pieces were all around.
The gold balloons in the package did not come sealed at all therefore could not be blown up. We didn't see this issue til we were at the party. The actual product was ok if you looking to have something small for your family this may be it but check package before that day
Surprisingly enjoyable game. Needs to be easier to see screen.
Cards are too big to be shuffled easily, even for an adult. Also, in the card about jealousy, when someone "makes you feel jealous". I teach my clients that each individual is responsible for their own feelings. No one else can MAKE you feel anything. Might want to check with someone who uses cognitive behavioral therapy.
It was great but the Mat is small. My baby loves the bright colors! Just wish the mat was bigger.. don't even use anymore, only used for a week or so 😕
Someone along the way decided to keep thr troll miniature :/
The 63 piece package was perfect for my daughter's 14 year golden birthday.
Product was OK, definitely not as bright as pictured
These are easy to use and have good range. However, the batteries fit too tightly and often pop loose.
This was a gift for my daughter after her original nursery rhyme Elmo gave up the ghost. I ordered this as an exact replacement. Unfortunately what I received was not the same doll (despite ordering the correct one). We received the peek-a-boo Elmo. Thankfully my daughter still enjoys it, but it was a completely different one than was ordered.
The cards were well packaged and I don't think there were any duplicates that bothered either of my older kids enough to complain about. However, in one pack there was a shiny card (I think a shiny one?) that was not only in French, but pretty beat up. My kids were happy, though, and they don't play professionally or even in tournaments by any means so I think they're pretty happy with it. There may be other problematic cards, but if so, they haven't mentioned them to me yet.
Can't be upgraded or customized (except blade), sound effects poor, only one control button, doesn't come with instructions. POSITIVES: 1) The blade lights up plenty bright, and seems evenly illuminated. 2) There are many choices of color. 3) The hilt seems sturdy. NEGATIVES: 1) The sound effects are poor. They sound like about a 10-second recording in a continuous loop, except there is a gap in the loop so you can tell where the loop begins and ends. Furthermore, whenever you turn off the lightsaber, it says a word (lightsabers aren't supposed to talk!), and as near as I can tell, the word it says is "SLEEPING." 2) This saber can't be upgraded or customized, other than replacing the blade. 3) The blade is not very strong or thick. You'll need to buy a replacement blade if you want to do any dueling at all. 4) Only one control button to handle all of the myriad functions. 5) No instruction manual! You need instructions in order to use that single button to activate a half a dozen different features. The only place to find instructions is online, at the manufacturer's Facebook page, so if you're not a Facebook user, you're SOL because you'll never figure out on your own how to make ONE SINGLE CONTROL button do all the different functions! RECOMMENDATION: For less money than this, you can find a better lightsaber elsewhere, one with a sturdy blade, more than one control button, and instructions. For a little more money, you can get a much, MUCH better lightsaber elsewhere!
The Nerf balls really don't go that far it really doesn't work well
I felt like one of the legs were sticking at first and made it un-level. And I haven't found an easy way to take the handle off to make the ball pit.
It was pretty but very flimsy.
Grandson loved them, but scent wasn't strong and later no scent at all.
I was so excited about this but it was broken when I received it. It does “work” but only if I tape it down. I am hoping it was just a fluke, I will buy again in hopes to revive a good one this time.
I would have given 4 stars if this had not come delivered in its own packaging for my 4 year old daughter to see. So much for making this a Xmas present. She loved the dolls though.
At first glance, this item didn't seem worth its price. It's ok a foam type board, and the quality of the buckets and zipper are not so sturdy. But my 18 month old loves it! She is constantly playing with it. It comes with us everywhere and even my 4 year old takes her turns to play with it. I'm greatful for the way it keeps my kids attention, but I do think it should cost less for its quality. One can probably take some odds and ends around the house and make a similar quality item. Item is as pictured, but I expected it to be bigger for some reason.
My son really loves his tools and plays with them daily. Only negative was it is missing the handle for the hammer and also one of the screwdrivers.
Good some were wider than others
Both of my daughters has had the top part fall off just leaving them with the black back part on their shoes. They were bummed Good while they lasted just expected them to last longer
Very cute! But we played 3x and our 4 year old is already bored with it. Not much to it, just match the bodies until one runs out of cards...the end.
Like other reviewers I didn't realize how small these plates were. Cost cs value is less than ideal in my opinion.
It made my nephew excited to get this for Christmas but it uses batteries up quickly
I bought this for my 4 year old son so it's not a huge deal to me because he will be ripping the box anyway. However, if you are a toy collector be wary because the box showed up crushed and open.
They were size I was looking for but not great quality.
The product was probably fine before it got to my location. But because it was shipped in only a plastic bag... the sword was bent and he has a few small dings in his back. Oh well.
These are OK. I wish they were made with a higher melting point plastic for the shell. Even with pre-tinning and liquid flux it is really hard to quickly get the connector AND the 8 gauge wire hot enough to flow solder. By then the plastic is soft and the metal connector elements float around in the housing. I have had several fail to engage with their mating connector after one or both of the metal pins came out of alignment.
My kids had fun playing with the beads and watching them get bigger. But they start shrinking after a while and break easily.
The design is ok but the material is very cheap and break easily!
The top of the beanie baby's head had something on It that made chunks of the fur stick together and clump.
-2 stars for poorly designed stickers. too glossy, and colors are very dull. they tear easily, and crumple at whatever corner you started peeling from. you cannot re-use or re-position as it will damage the sticker. 3 stars for shape and inclusion of a battery. i have not tested the battery as of this writing. I bought this because I think it's cute, the joy cons are angled, and it has a battery. Everything is great except for the quality of the stickers, which I believe is an important part of the entire theme of this controller. The sticker is very shiny and reflects a lot of light, and the tongue and lines of the nose and mouth are transparent and are much less visible against the background of the controller than the images on the box. If the decal was matte instead of glossy then I think it would look a little better color-wise and reflect less light. The color vibrance or density needs improvement as well. I'd really love to see the Pupper V2.
I like it on my deck. Good size for my overhang on my deck, but it does fade over time. I have to buy a new one each year. Wish they lasted longer, but just the fabric doesn't last in the sun and rain. The elements are just too harsh.
Fun,but poor quality
This is a fair product. The way it was shipped is horrible sides scraped up I feel because of poor shipping packaging. And the cloth that goes on the seat was frayed and cheaply sewn, the lace was overlapped.
Clothes were a little too small for my baby alive doll.
The tracks are fun, but the car (which you purchase with another set) has difficulty getting up the bridge.
Does the job, completes whatever costume look you're going for.
I bought these for favors and they were well liked by the small children that they were given to. However, I thought the pictures had too many small details for coloring. These were very small coloring books and would not have been appropriate if given to children who were able to color inside the lines compared to scribbling.
This product was not packaged the same as I've seen in the store, and that makes me worry that it's a knock off.?.?.? The fur is really soft, but as I was removing the tags, it seemed to pull off. works just like the store bought one I got for my son a couple months ago though, so that's good.
Did not like packaging. It is not in a nerf box. Just a cardboard box. Hope it is the original. Bought for grandson christmas
Was smaller than we expected, but a cute gift
Quality not as good as first order. Many containers have contaminates that cannot be removed. Still gets the job done.
Adorable but not made great. The zipper doesn't work well and the flowers are coming off with the first time wearing this.
Inconsistent age description: Recommended for ages 2 and up here and Recommended age 4 months - 8 years there. Get it straight!
Have a hard time keeping the track down with these. They tend to lift on the opposite side and doesn't stay down. Separates track when I secure these. Would give 5 stars if it worked the way it is intended
Box totally flatten and messed up
I have a 20mo who loves pushing it! Unfortunately the bubbles only work if all four wheels are on the ground and it's lightweight so it's always on the back two legs when pushing. If you are looking to buy a play lawnmower anyways then it's great but for just bubbles purpose I would buy something else.
It was ok, wish I could have picked the color
This set only includes 20 small dessert plates. I wished they had made it more clear in the advertisement.
The doll is very nice but the hair is different lengths and comes out easy. All other features are great. Granddaughter enjoys playing with it.
There are a good assortment of items but, unfortunately, a few pieces broke.
Not the best quality, I was hoping for more but it's good enough for my kid.
Tip fell off after one night of costume. Needs to be glued back on
I chose two day shipping which turned into 4 day shipping. That was disappointing bc it was not here in time for my son's party. The jeep itself is good. Easy to put together. The only down side to it is the battery. The battery is terrible. It doesn't have much power at all.
Cheap material, so it breaks easily. My students had fun with it while it lasted.
I did not receive the totem deck box with my package
This was a decent quality, but if you prefer better than order something else.
I would suggest buying a different brand than this one. You can only use the resin from doodler because of the diameter of the resin it's different from all other models out there. It's quite expensive to buy the name brand refills. I returned it and bought another brand, and we're able to use the generic resins, and it works fantastic, my 12 year old loves it.
Was cute but there are no instructions for the balloon set up and a little confusing. You need to be very careful with the tinsel since it's a little flimsy. However is cute decor.
This plush was quite expensive for the size. I only bit the bullet because it was needed as a Christmas gift and this was the only one I could find. I ordered my reindeer, made sure to be the first one home to intercept the box on delivery day (he was super cute and fluffy btw) and put him in hiding.... only to receive a post card a week later WITH THE PICTURE OF THE ITEM AND "THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER." What the hell?! Thanks for ruining the gift, the recipient was the one to find it. They should know better than to do this at this time of year!! All because they wanted a review 😠😠
Came incomplete, theres a missing round plate in the left arm. Theres a weird hole where the plate should be.
I love the picture and the pieces were nice and thick. The major gripe I have is that the puzzle pieces do not fit tightly together. Some of them you literally just drop into place. This also makes for a lot of pieces easily being put in the wrong spot due to the color scheme. I had to look very closely two different times to figure out where the wrong piece was and that was frustrating. Plus, if you start putting a certain section together and then find out where it would fit into the puzzle as a whole, transferring was extremely difficult since the slightest lifting would cause all the pieces to tumble apart. Also frustrating. I love the artwork, but will probably try to avoid this company in the future.
I bought as an open-box deal. She makes a lot of clicking noises and looks like she has a really bad twitch. 4 year old loves her tho.
Looks really cool in light, but when it's dark and the mask is on, it's not very bright. Other fx 3D lights are a lot brighter.
Bachmann tracks are great for the price but need a lot of TLC such as grinding or filing to get the rails lined up at the joints. It is worth it if you will put the time and effort into it. Well.. that's as long as the tracks are correctly gauged and Bachmann is considered lower tier. My advice is, invest in the Kato tracks for a few bucks more.
Very cheaply made. The tent almost feels like thin paper and it barely stands. However, my 2 1/2 year old son LOVES it so I suppose it was worth the money.
This was difficult for my Grandson to understand -clarity in speaking isnt very clear. He lost interest in it in 5 minutes, I returned it
It works, but somewhat poor quality.
Bought this to give my nephew for Christmas. He loves Pokemon and role playing games so this product seems really up his alley. Quick shipping.
Pop box was damaged.
It seem like had been used:(
Smaller than I thought it would be.
Ordered this for my grandson for Christmas it doesn't have the two dinosaur cars in it like it shows
this is a fun float, I have to admit it my kids had a blast playing with it at the pool, the only thing is it deflates all the time, I think it has a hole somewhere and I have to find it. I gave it a 3 stars because it is annoying to inflate it each time we go to the pool !
We brought this activity on vacation with us for our 4-year-old daughter. She's getting really good at cutting and doing arts and crafts and her fine motor skills are above par. But this was still a challenge. We had to keep helping her with the pieces and she kept getting frustrated at the whole activity. We eventually tossed it and moved on to something else.
Just not what I was expecting
Smaller than what I expected but still are great for targets or to use as a bomb...lol
Good lunch box for my son, he really likes it. One thing I was a little disappointed in the thermos, it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be. Other than that, it's good.
Returned after receipt and viewing. Too pricey for contents. Purchased items in local store for much less.
it is what it says it is.
Item had defects. Not happy. Had to use it because I did not have enough time to replace. It was a gift. This is the first time I have received a defective kid Kraft item. Too much money for a defective product. ☹️
Item was pretty fun while it lasted. It broke after about 3 weeks.
At no fault to the seller...I bought the wrong adhesive. Still haven't used. I gave 3 stars because delivery was fast
I CAN ONLY SAY PLAN ON USING MORE GLUE THAN ADVERTISEMENT SUGGESTS.
The door knob came off which is a choking danger to toddlers. Fun activity center but must be careful
I was expecting silver or gold as indicated but got a green one. Had to re-order because the first one never arrived. Seller did not respond when I informed them of it. The price being so small makes it not worth pursuing.
Super cute, large flamingo float. Unfortunately, the float does not stay inflated.
I broke a few nails just trying to pull these apart. I don't use them for coin collecting but I use them to make samples of glitters in. Other than that they are ok for what I need. Just hard to open!
First of all I thought the toy was broken when I first opened it to test it out before I gave it to my son. The instructions don't say anything about needing to "sync" the remote control with the car and I didn't figure this out till I brought the toy to someone else to see if they could figure out why it wouldn't work. The car drives easily and transforms from car to robot smoothly. My son absolutely loves it. It is very fragile and easy for a young kid to break (my son is 5 and on the first day broke the arm of the robot off accidently and I had to glue it back on). The charging system is similar to that of an RC car, meaning its fragile and the charge doesn't last very long. Definitely not able to be charged without an adult's help. Also, it speaks but is not very easy to understand at all. This toy had the potential to be very cool and despite my son loving it I find the toy quite lacking.
works 50% of the time on the 1st try. must keep at it to accomplish the job.
They are smaller than anticipated Just a sticker on a magnet Not much to them
Very cute but the heads are to heavy that they wont stay upright !
gift so don't know how the taste was-but i know that the gag gift was enjoyed
Shoes are so beautiful but I was can of disappointed because 14 out of 60 pairs did not fit on a regular barbie doll, also one pair of shoes did not matched color it was red and orange.
It was smaller than I expected, I used it to separate and store Legos. I'd suggest to make a slightly larger over all size for the price, compartment sizes are good though
The puzzle was beautiful and fairly easy to put together, put the pieces are very flimsy and not totally interlocking. You cannot lift this puzzle up after putting it together. You would have to glue it first! We enjoyed putting together the different scenes and moving them to the right areas.
Not well made, cracking and peeling in package
The durability of this table seems very good. The size is food for my 2.5 year old and 15 month old. I like that there aren't any pieces that detach, just a table and 2 chairs. The kids have already dragged the chairs around the house. I'm really bummed about being able to clean it though. My boys scribbled on the table and chairs with a crayon and it's nearly impossible to get out.
Came a little scratched and dirty. Could be due to all those space missions it went on!
It is too big in size for the age group that would use it. But it works fine.
Worked as advertised. I opened it and traced on it a little before I shipped it to my granddaughter for her birthday. We'll see how she likes it.
My daughter loves Evie from the Descendants and she loves to paint. I got this for her as a Christmas gift. I'm sure she will love it. I, on the other hand, think that the paint should have been more like watercolor paint which is bigger and holds more colors. I bought extra paint in case this didn't work out so well.
I was expecting it to be bigger, mind the actual size was probably stated somewhere but the pictures give do no justice to this fact.
Eggs were smashed in two bags
The game came in two days, as promised, however there were marks on a few of the game pieces that take away from the beauty of this game. A few of the player boards, for example have crushed or peeling corners, which will no doubt result in further damage with use. The back of a couple of the player boards are also scratched. I was not thrilled upon discovering these flaws when I first opened the box.
We purchased this in October 2017 for my 14 months old. I was so excited but she was uninterested. Of course my daughter sees the colorful pink and black alpha pub that talks and sings that was stashed away because it is battery operated.... plays with the pub every day and she's 21 months old. She played with Allie maybe a dozen time since. I am all for non-battery operated toy concept, but seeing her giggle with her battery operated pub makes my heart warm. Hopefully she will play with this Allie too
Not as fun as I expected, but still a cool novelty item considering these things caused a bit of a stir.
I received this item with the outer plastic ripped making it hard to give as a gift, it looks discounted. The teapot is a disappointment compared to the adorable teapot FP had before. Wish FP would bring it back.
Okay for the price you pay
Did not work. Multiple issues. Return was easy and they credited account right away. Gave 3 stars for ease of return and quick credit.
Did not realize you have to put flowers together. And they were difficult. The other pieces were cute.
Puzzle was surprisingly easy. Not worth the price tag as it is about the same size as the cheaper $10-15 figures. Not nearly as many pieces as all the level 3's I have done. Great addition to my collection but should have waited till it went on sale.
Cute but it looks like someone painted these toys in their garage. Thankfully my daughter loves the show so much she never noticed.
The gear puzzle broke right away!
It was really hard because the parts are so small and the instructions aren't very clear. But the final product is adorable. Only purchase if you have a lot of patients.
the product itself is fine, but they somehow messed up and the green circle 7 and the green circle 1 are exactly the same. Not a great way to teach numbers to my one year old.
Arrived safe and sound and on time. But still unopened, so cannot fully appreciate.
We bought this game for our thirteen year old daughter's birthday game. The game was fun and capable of being solved by kids in this age range. However, I was very disappointed by the content of the game--specifically the pictures involved in solving the mystery. I read the reviews which said there was nothing too scary or gory about this game. However, while the mystery does not involve murder or specified violence, there are images involved which were disturbing to our family and my daughter's friend. While the pictures are cartoon-drawn images vs real-people images, they are none the less still a bit more gruesome than we had anticipated.
I was disappointed in the size of these stickers. I bought them to decorate brown paper cups for our hot cocoa bar, but they were smaller than they were described. I ended up just giving them out in party favor bags.
The accessories were easy to assemble, my kids love adding them to the track. The cars are dysfunctional...sometimes they work and sometimes the dont even after making sure there are new batteries
It's the 40th anniversary Black Series so it will be a collector's item hopefully over time. It's larger than most Black Series character to keep it to scale with the other characters. It comes in a uniquely branded 40th anniversary packaging. It is Chewbacca who is a hairy character. He's one of the classic characters from the film and obviously it's plastic so the texture of the hair is just hard plastic so it doesn't stand out as nice as some of the other characters. The packaging itself is okay but it's not the standard box that the Black Series typically is packaged. The package is basically destroyed if opened unlike the typical Black Series box that if carefully opened will look just as it was purchased if the character is put back inside. Bought as part of the larger collection of 40th anniversary characters. If in reading other reviews specifically those comparing it to previous generation Black Series releases some of these characters were improved in quality. Overall for what you get it's not a bad character. Again, since he's a hairy character some of the other characters have a better look.
Stitching on arm came off, but little sis loved it
This was a cheap add on gift so I don't know what I was expecting - but this certainly wasn't anything terrific. It was okay, nothing more. It is not nearly as well made as the perfection game I remember having as a child. This was flimsy.
Turns great. Looks really cool at first, but the stickers are garbage and they started peeling/chipping within the first week of owning it. It's not too big of a deal, since the plastic is colored, but it is kind of a disappointment.
Would be nice if the doors opened it something else was functional in the pumper truck esp. they're kind of lame
These were really thin and broke too easy
Bought these to make Easter baskets as care packages for my son and his friends. Good size and was what I was expecting, except that 2 of the 12 baskets were broken :(
Feet work well. Lost the sun cover on the first flight. Still need more time with the reflector to see if it makes a difference.
It's supposed to be for toddlers but the cape is huge!!!!
Fast shipping bc I have prime. There's 4 different books but there are quite a few pictures that are the same in each book. Not happy with all the duplicates. Yes, you can buy the poster size Lisa frank books at the dollar general for 3.00 each but they only have 1 book and never get any new ones in.
Cute concept, but no directions came with it.
I'm giving this 3 stars because the images are fairly dim when close to the edge of the display area, and because this has to be pretty far away to get a large display. You'd likely be better off ordering two if you wanted to cover the full front of your home.
It doesn't stick very well.🤔
Unit works good in grass, age appropriate, easy to operate. Design flaw...Have to unscrew battery compartment disconnect low quality connector which will break with repeated use, pull out battery pack to recharge. Unit is slightly overpriced for this reason, otherwise new out of box has been fun. Hopefully it will last, but not confident with connection for battery.
Received with the letters on the Ribbon Backwards, had to take each of them off the ribbon & redo before we could use. Very Disappointed!
just saying its too pricey go to hot topic instead
It's a bit small, which is not the end of the world. I definitely don't see a 5 year old being able to use this. My kids are 21 months and don't bounce on it, just carry it around. The one thing that is the worst is the handle- it is like a floppy piece of rubber on top. It just bends right over which is not useful when trying to bounce and hold on to something firm on top. Also, you need an adapter and air pump to fill this up. I had to go buy an adapter to fit the ball.
The purchase and seller were fine, but the game it's self is lacking... I wish it was more fun.
You are basically buying a stack of small cards and a couple sets of instructions that you could have easily guessed. (You might even be able to find the basic instructions online.) The illustrations are above average; however, if you are looking for just the experience of playing a game where suspicions, inferring, and deception are at play, one could easily just mark a few note cards and save the money. Sure, it would look budget, but the game play would be pretty similar. Maybe this is just my cheapness talking, but I see little beyond aesthetic value here. Still, the game looks fun, and it was not a colossal investment. So, there is something to be said of aesthetic value, mainly not having all the other people you invited laughing at your home-made, janky note cards.
I mean it's cool and my daughter loves it, but it's not sealed up well and pieces fell out at some point...we have 3 empty spots, i took the whole thing apart and the pieces are totally missing which id's tally disappointing
We love catch phrase but it's really not uncensored.
my kids like to play with these thought the quality is ok
I purchased the balls for my two granddaughters. The minute I opened up the package you can see how cheap looking they are. The are not sturdy at all, you can bend them with just a small amount of pressure. I would not purchase these again.
They are a bit larger than a normal RC car or truck battery tray but they work. Dean's style connectors installed. Xt60 connector would have been nice.
A chalkboard for kids that doesn't come WITH chalk? Well, huh.
I did like the garland strip works perfect. .. didn't need the glue dots so didn't use them for this project. However , I really dont care for the balloon tie tool may work for some people but I prefer the ole fashion way..
I loved them except they we delivered March 12th and it's now the 24th of April and the charging port broke. It's past the refund a and I wasn't rough with them at all while charging. For the price I expected them to last longer.
It's awesome for the price, and has a tons of awesome vintage games. I really wanted to just give it five stars, because my husband loves it. The first thing is that a few of the games repeat themselves. Which I understand because they were made for different consoles, therefor are different. Real talk though, no one cares, and it just lowers the actual number of games, and adds to the selling of the product. The other thing is that I bought this for my four year old son who loves vintage games, and, this is partly my fault for not thinking of this in advance, but everything is in full sentences. So navigating anything on it, let alone games, gets my non reading son real frustrated. So I don't know if it's as kid friendly as the comments lead you to think.
My 8 year old loves it. I wouldn't buy it for a kid younger than 5. It's not that soft and cuddly, and it's not a high-quality construction plush. Older kids that aren't hard on their toys will get a lot of use out of it. Younger kids will rip it to shreds! :)
Couldn't figure out how to even put it on my kid securely didn't come with instructions
Logo on necklace soooo small
Defective it was definitely a resold item. Not happy
My little grandson loves this toy and it makes a lot of sounds, but no words and phrases. I was disappointed in that aspect because overall its a funny character in the TV program. The rest is fine I just found it short of what was promised.
Not very sturdy and tends to be squeaky.
Description wasn't accurate.
It's advanced for 3yo. Long term I'm sure we'll put it to better use but if you want a cash register for play grocery shopping I would stick with FP. Change is lightweight and spills easy since the drawer opens quick and with force. Paper money is suited for older hands that won't crumple it.
Just a cheap plastic toy. It looked to be bigger from other advertising photos. {Those people must have child sized hands haha. } It is not impressive. I can tell ya that. It does work properly which was a good thing. My Grandson is almost 9 he loves Minecraft, so of course he naturally, likes it, So, that's all that really matters.:-)
Not what I expected. The lens magnify every defect, pixel, and stain on the phone screen. Hard to remain immersed. The phone gets really hot when inside! It was really hard to focus the lens so you could see different distances easily.
Very cute set for a ninja hemmed party but I'm not pleased with the price. I would have bought more if it was more reasonable. I just got more solid black stuff to go with it
Doesn't fly as well as described. Tends to just go in circles.
With this pop being a Amazon exclusive I would expect better shipping/securing process. It's a 50/50 shot at getting a mint condition. Mine was average with a little box bending and Mark's. It's a pain to return and try a get a better box.
Bought this as a joke gift. It was super funny. But a complete waste of money. Glad i didnt get it at michaels where they charge almost 8 dollars for one!
It does what it says on the tin. I picked it up for my wife, and she likes it. It's pretty high quality though I'm sure like anything similar it won't last forever. It's fairly large so it might not fit in your pocket.
not working like the first one we bought. bummer! too slimy and runny instead of fluffy.
The lead breaks really easy. Does not sharpen the greatest. Almost down to half a pencil. Not due to usage either.
Mirror has distorted reflection because it bends easily. A bit flimsy. But my granddaughter likes it.
There is no picture of what this is on the box. Just a brown box with no real discription. I think I'm going to have to print a picture of it and put it on the box so my 4 year old can tell what this is. Haven't put it together yet so we'll see if there's any issues. Bummed about the image less box
Ordered three of these for my coworkers and myself, since we all have birthdays within a few days of each other. One arrived with the "L" missing. Since it wasn't in the package at all, it looks like a manufacturing defect. It wasn't worth the hassle to do a return for such a cheap item, but if you're ordering for an important event, I'd advise to do it far enough ahead of time to get a replacement or to get multiples.
Toy box had scratches and torn on one panel. Don't know how to get a replacement for that one
Fun for my kid but VERY loud. Our alarm system will signal a break-in sometimes!
I have had this yoyo for a couple months now. It is fun, and put together with quality materials. However, the contact pads on the inside of the yoyo bind with the string really easily. I can get this yoyo to respond just like a responsive yoyo, so it makes doing unresponsive tricks really challenging. I gave a 3 stars because the construction is quality, but it did not perform as advertised.
These blocks are just regular duplo blocks with a pack of stickers that you put on yourself. Would be fine if my grandson wasnt more interested in pulling the stickers off than in playing with the set. However, the price was okay so you might want to try it.
It is suppose to be a musical wand, however there is no music. It has the bubbles and lights, no music
Came in damaged presentation and is only 7 inches tall not very big.
Hit or miss rather the DVD's are going to play. Really aggravating. Only complaint I have ever had with Amazon.
Great coverage and works better than any product I've ever used, but make up is very difficult to retrieve from the palette and tough to blend and spread.
Bought this for my grandson, the boogie board would not stay blown up, it kept coming open. It was not slippery and could not slide down it. He had a good time stepping on it and making the water come up higher out of the holes. Over all would not buy again or recommended.
Beautiful, heavy duty, easy to read. The D4 D6 and D8 are strangely undersized compared to the others. The only real negative is my set was razor sharp, the D4 and a few edges on the D8 and D6 felt unpolished and pointed enough to draw blood. Stepping on this D4 will put you in the emergency room.
Make sure you check the size. It's smaller than I imagined. But overall, not bad.
The moose head looks nothing like the image. My moose doesn't even have a mouth or nose and the antlers are the size it shows. I'm still going to use it because it doesn't look bad. I just expected way better than what I got.
I was disappointed that the microphone did not work and the conveyer belt did not run smoothly. Also, the drawer wouldn't open up all the way.
Gift for November, unable to affectively review
It's looks good but it's to big it doesn't even fit my husband head
Very cute.. Although had to stuff them with tissue paper in order for them to stay up they were perfect for the centerpieces at my daughters Unicorn themed party.
Unfortunately I returned the product because my grandson is 13 months old. I didnt actually measure what the actual size was. I did like the product, the carrying case and quality. Its too bad. I ll keep looking for appropriate magnets for his age. Thank you.
We bought these for cake toppers and they work great for that. They are cute, however as many other reviews have stated their play-ability is lacking severely. My daughter who's birthday is what cake we needed them for will not even touch them because their arms and legs fall off so easily. She says they're breakable 😂 she hasn't played with 2 of the other characters yet because I still need them for her cake, but I'm assuming they will be the same. I'm thinking of just super gluing their limbs and heads in and making them stationary. They are super cute and lightweight. I wish the company would just alter how they are put together!
The first time my daughter put this on her doll, the elastic on the boot came apart.
It was only the top and hat of the costume. No pants. Worked for the one day use but is definitely a cheaply made costume. Did not keep after the activity of Halloween. That being said, kid was happy with the results and we didn't spend too much so in that respect it worked. Wouldn't buy again however. Would appreciate a little more bang for my buck.
Looks nice at first but upon closer inspection I can clearly see the finishing/coating is very thin. Do be careful, light scratches will expose the true color below.
It's cute but I wished it had more cotton inside to make it fluffier. Fair price!
It really is just a swing for kids or someone who needs a place to sit at a BBQ. If you want to sit and relax in a tree swing, don't buy this. I can only stand to sit in it for about 10 minutes before it get uncomfortable and there really isn't a position you can sit in it that is relaxing.
My grand daughter loved it. The faucet would not turn off had to take the batteries out.
Umbrella would be cute if it would open and catch. The one I received was badly designed and would not push up far enough to catch and stay open. I also did not receive the black pants pictured and listed. The way it arrived it appeared to be a returned item as the bag had been torn opened and the cardboard top of packaged was inside the ripped open bag. Not happy with this purchase.
Very cute toy but one of our wings dont light up right out of the box
Very cute but not for animals
tooo smalll!! but overall it is ok figure
Smaller and lower than expected
It is super small so overpriced for what you get. It is cute though.
The foam seems fine. However, the foam's thickness is less than the advertised 3mm . . . measuring somewhere between 2.3 - 2.6 mm thick (the thickness varies within each sheet). While this probably won't matter very much to most, it may make a difference for someone (like me) who needs foam that is 3mm thick.
It works, but difficult to feed and clean. Tiny opening on side, makes putting flies in a challenge
Some of them was not spray painted good but I was able to make it work other then that they turned out pretty good
These items break very easily
grandkids didn't like this game- not as educational and some reviews stated
Poor instructions, very confusing.
Pay attention. The picture shows 3 bunnies; you only get one. A bit of false advertising. I'm probably a moron for thinking I'd get 3 for a total of $7, but....my recollection is that other sites show only one bunny, because that is what they sell you for the price. At least it looks like it is holding air
It was easy to assemble but comes apart easy when you move it. If child or grandchild is tall for their age it is a little short for the age they have as appropriate.
I like the colors at the beginning... But when my daughter played with it the 1st time it became gray. All in all its a pretty good product for the price.
Cute bow but came with glue Mark's on the actual ribbon that shows. The glue is hard to get off and makes it look dirty.
Fell apart within two uses. Poor zipper quality. I wouldn't recommend this.
Loved the theme of the puzzle but at the end it was missing 2 pieces. Ordered a replacement puzzle but have to dig though the new puzzle to find the missing 2 pieces for my original puzzle since we are planning to hang it in our movie room and then mail it back UPS.
Very disappointed that the doll I received was not the one in the picture. There is nothing wrong with it other then it has a completely different face.
This is an okay product. Bought for my daughter and it just didn't hold up well.
The product was smaller in girth than I expected bit overall was great! Stitching was optimal and details were perfect.
It's cute but a lot smaller than I expected. It's more of a hand held size than I thought
For the price, it's ok. There's only 4 trains inside and some of the colors of the dots are so similar that you have to pay close attention. Other sets I've played with the colors are all bright and different. The rules aren't very thorough for Mexican train but luckily we already know how to play.
Ended up returning the Spotter V2. It looks like a really nice FPV camera and would have sat well on my RC car. However, it came with an in-line battery adapter with XT60 plugs (not mentioned in web product description). My car uses Deans T connectors. Crazepony Support could not provide me with info on how to hook it up.
Statue is Awesome.....but the base it sits on is cheap looking and takes away from the presentation.
This is a cute pillowcase and appears as advertised, but it is pretty rough, scratchy, cheap material. Basically cotton with the lowest possible thread count.
These hands are very sticky. They also will have a tendency to break, but the kids had a ball playing with them. At least they came in a quantity that once they broke, the kids could play with another one.
Really cute and fun for our baby. However it soaks up all his spit up and it's not easy to clean...you have to wash each time. We unfortunately just took all the toys off and aren't using the giraffe part. I wish they would have used a different material.
They are cute but the chemical smell is horrible!
Labeled as 12 mos but has a bottle with it that can come apart and be choked on. Clothes too tight.
My son wanted it when he saw some other kid played with it in the pool. When we got it he was super excited. He played with it for about 1 hour before we headed to the pool. I noticed some paint from the eyes were already peeling off. Two days after receiving it, and only one visit to the pool, the octopus/jelly fish has no eyes. The tentacles look like they can be easily snapped off also. I still give it 3 stars, because my son likes it.
It's very cute and will get the job done, however in the picture it looks like it will cross over in the front but it's not big enough for that. You can only wear it as a "sash".
The recipients (children) were excited to receive them but about them but 25% arrived broken. Pay attention to the size on the details, pretty small.
I bought this for my lil one and her cousin as birthday gifts. They like them. I think they are priced a little too high.
The instructions were hard to follow, I had to re-read and stare at the pictures for awhile to see what goes where. The screws were so hard to screw in. My fingers started to hurt, I don't even screw it in tight, because I couldn't. I mean i like the loop it has, but where it has that switch in the middle, the red tracks is a little off and this can just flip the car out of the tracks. I don't know if it's worth $50 dollars, probably not.
The pieces are a little smaller than I thought they would be, and the quality isn't great but it's not bad either for what it is. My son seems to like them which is good, but I wish they looked a little better and were a little bigger. Some of the labels on the cans and bottles don't really seem to go, but I know toddlers wouldn't care or notice. Some of the pieces also seem different than others like they are missed matched. Overall your kid will probably be happy with it and it is what it is, but if you're looking for a better quality set I'd go with a different one.
The crayons seem fine but the box is tore up and looks terrible. This is a gift so I was not pleased.
They were ok. I found better ones from Michaels for a cheaper price.
My daughter loves her Moana doll - she takes her in the bath and the pool and it helps her be less afraid of the water. That said - the quality is abysmal. Her necklace arrived with most of the paint gone, and the reddish top had melted to her body, so there is a permanent red goo everywhere the top touched the doll. She has painted on underwear, but the beige paint is all over her stomach as well. She is marketed as a bath doll, but her head fills with water and I am afraid she will mildew. In general, it helps my kid and I can't find a better option, but there should really be some quality control somewhere.
Shipped fast and package arrived in good shape.
Very cute and my twin girls love it! However, the cast(s) DID NOT come with the interior white liner as it is pictured in the advertisement photo. It's pretty annoying leaving the casts loose and noisy.
It won't fly because the trim is off. I bought this for husband for Christmas and he can't even enjoy it.
It's an ok product and has a nice color.
Hair was falling out, but still good for laying around at a party.
The wooden pegs did not stay in an upright position. Had to fix the rod so they would not make a full circle around the rod.
It looked good, but it didn't stay on the finger. I kept dropping off
3 hour toy- fun toy and is great if you only need them for 1- 2 hours depending on activity level when using them. Got the whole pack for my 8 year old. 3 out of the 6 of them have broken, and he just opened them this morning for christmas. They are cheap of course but would be nice if they lasted longer than a couple saber fights.
The plastic eggs are ok, I guess. However, you should to make sure that it's obvious that there are No candy eggs
Clothes are okay, most seem to fit the Barbie dolls, shoes however do not fit Barbie dolls and the shoes don't have any give in them to put on the dolls feet. Shoes the come on a Barbie have a slit in the back of the shoe for ease of taking off and putting on. This set is ok but most of the pieces don't fit as they say.
It is too small. Cookie Monster is suppose to be bigger than Elmo. GUND needs to make a bigger Cookie Monster.
They look like normal cool metal dice. However they don't flow all that well... not even close to What they show in the picture, which is a bit misleading.
Beautiful colors but some of the pieces were tearing or scratched
Cheap, quickly breaks down, but the kids were happy with them for a few days which was all I was going for at that price.
Was a hit but kind of cheap. Crappy plastic. And not tall enough for kids over 5
So so so cute! However after 1 wear it had some snags and I could tell this wasn't going to last long. It also is see through, so be sure to plan on shorts or leggings with it. But it is bright and so pretty. The sash is enormous for a child, we didn't use it, but the clip was a nice touch too.
It was longer than I thought it was going to be.
good looking doll wish the legs bent though
I mean it's alright but after using it for about 15 minutes it gets boring
had all the features I was looking for but I was hoping the lights would be warmer. i'm making do by using near natural light source because I love the size and magnification mirrors
Grandson Loved the transformer. It arrived on time. Difficult to transform into the Volkswagen beetle. Needs better instructions. Difficult for adults to put together.
Some of the items did not really work. Some were much smaller than I expected.
The details in the picture vs actual product are night and day. The photographer either had a better mold or really really good lighting. Still, the construction is solid but hollow plastic. And for the price, im happy. Thanos has a throne
These pencils are difficult to sharpen, The leads are broken. However, they are very cute.
There are so many different settings. But they reach from inside our house to inside the shop 100yds away!
Adorable little eggs and the colors are beautiful!!! Love that they don't open so my toddler can play with them. BUT... only gave it 3 stars because they all came in a plastic bag but it wasn't closed so one egg was missing. Very disappointing. Only 11 eggs were in the bag.
The only reason this gets a 3 star is because my 2 year old loves running around with it. The gun is cheaply made and there is no power to it. The bullets just slide down the barrel. Most of the time the gun jams.
The wrist band is stiff and impossible for my grandson to put on himself. The images are small. The discs fall out and hard to operate.
Box came in very damaged, other wise nice sculpt .
Puzzle pieces fall out when folded.
Pretty cheaply made and needed 2 to get a good look. The flower for the hair wasn't all that great.
Much smaller than I anticipated
My son really liked this product. It was what he expected. He is happy with the purchase.
My kids liked it for a couple hours and now it's sitting in a closet. Pretty boring
Not what I expected it to be like at all. Good enough for a 3yr old I guess. Wouldn't recommend. 👎🏼
Disappointed the screen was scratched and one of the markers was missing. My granddaughter wouldn't let me return it.
The plates are great but the stampers that come with it don't pick up the polish, luckily I have another one but these are sticky so I thought they would pick up polish great but they don't pick anything up
I purchased this December 8, 2017 for my son, for Christmas. Today is June 15, 2018. Two days ago it died, while he was riding it. Yes it was fully charged, we have been trying to charge it for 2 nights now and is still not working. It worked great and was an easy assemble for the most part, but it did not lost long. Checked every cable, and everything is connected. Contacting the seller, in hopes to get pointed to the right direction as I am hoping this has a 1 year warranty at least.
I ordered a bigger size than normal just in case. It barely and I mean barely fit.
This was a great puzzle until the end when it was discovered that a piece was missing - so disappointing!
There are other, more complete werewolf games on the market. This one works but feels like it is missing something when compared to ultimate werewolf. Basic social deduction game for larger crowds.
My baby loves it once she got it.
Didn't learn about the two AAA batteries required for remote control until after opening package, my mistake.
The dress is lovely, but it tore in the washing machine on the delicate setting. The tear was next to the seam on the skirt portion of the dress, but not on the seam.
Brittle material and very loose.
I don't love this toy. I have a one year old and bought his for a trip. He wasn't very interested in it. Plus, sometimes I can't get it to stop playing music
So so. Good for younger kids who don't necessarily take care of their toys. Older kids, 7+, may want something a little nicer though.
The connectors are great and it's nice that they already have leads but I wished they used heavier gauge wire. I didn't trust the included 26 Awg for fast charging so I swapped it out for 20. Maybe it would have been fine but I'm OCD about not using too small of wire. The connectors themselves seem solid though. Fulfilling their purpose.
Cute but break ups easily
This is a cute set and my son is having fun with it, but there are pieces missing. The box and photo showing each individual piece laid out and shows a vice grip, but it was missing. These components are larger black pieces so they're not something we overlooked during assembly. I'm happy my son is enjoying the product.
I got these because I ran out of letters making a Valentine's Day gift for my boyfriend. Sadly, they don't match the regular game tiles. They are much lighter in color with a very noticeable fake wood grain. The letters are not indented into the wood, they are just painted on. Still get 3 stars tho because they're fine for other crafts, I just wish they looked a bit more genuine.
This is a gift for my granddaughter we have not used it yet
It was broken when I received it. The handles were splintered in pieces but they took it back without any problem. Had it not been broken it looked like a good product.
There were only 10 bags I had a party planned for 12 kids and was 2 short it's advertised as 12 bags
This bag is cute and I was hoping to get longevity out of it. Even with knowing the measurements, it's smaller than I thought it would be (for the price too). Don't envision this to fit everything in a few years but for a 1 year old it works.
These come really small. You do get what's advertised but it's made for a person as big as a newborn baby.
Just ok. Loose when closed. Solve is trial and error by design. No problem solving, just luck. Not recommended.
Two points off due to damage of the box, but the doll is in great condition. Doll looks just like Alice in Wonderland, her mother.
Had to return it after the second week since the front propellers didn't work properly, but they will give you a full refund if that happens so long as your return it in a timely manner. Otherwise, the camera on it is about what you'd expect for a $35 drone, and it lasts for about 10 minutes or so (for realistic use, not in sustained flight).
I did recieve ultra pro sleeves. The right amount, the right size, and the right color. However, they were not the same ones that were pictured. I've bought the ones pictured before and they were perfect. The ones I recieved today are thinner I Believe. I'd rather had the other, But I will deal with it. Thank u
These are not played with but kept as a collection by my 8 yr old. Knuckles' tail fell off very easily but the other figures are still good.
The barn itself was ok, but the horses leave much to be desired. One won't even stand up with an adult trying to balance it. They are not sturdy like the Animals by Schleich.
Nice toy, but too complicated for a 3 year old. He actually turned 3 in November , so maybe as he becomes older, he will enjoy it.
This box was crushed inside the UPS box Hopefully it will work for the child who is receiving it.
Only dances to one pre-recorded song and doesn't respond to other music. Movement is very simplistic. Overpriced for what it does
I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY GREAT GRANDDAUGHTER WHO IS 2 YEARS OLD. THEY ARE DEFINITELY NOT WATERPROOF, AS SHE WAS SOAKED THROUGH WHEN I ALLOWED HER TO PLAY IN THE KITCHEN SINK. THEY WILL BE FINE FOR ARTWORK, ETC. THE SIZING IS GOOD, AND SEEM TO BE WELL MADE.
Much smaller than I thought Be sure to read the description.
Most of the time it does not work and my kids look disappointed... not very happy with it
I wanted to love this, but I just don't. The whale is cute and we still use that, but the submarine and sprayer part is a little much for my 14 month old. Maybe when she's a bit older we'll bring it back out and try again, but for now it was kind of a dud. At least she can play with the whale!
It doesn't look like the picture. She has no mask on like the picture, but is still great.
The item arrived with the doll's box opened and her hair disheveled. I am disappointed because this is a gift.
very small part, not suitable for toddlers
Great product! Daughter loved these
Figures were perfect boxes were not
Eh, the bubbles are okay. Not as cool as others.
Not very durable, but very cute
I like very good products.
Bought these for my child's class party, they were a hit. The lids don't like to stay on though.
Box very difficult to open. It took 3 people trying to open box. Over priced for its quality.
Pieces huge! Great for elderly.
Need to better the quality
My daughter was super excited to use this! It was super fun for a little bit and she is quite small so I was pretty surprised when it broke the second time she used it!
I like the look but voice sounds like a monkey
My baby is not so fond of this toy, but it's a nice toy and really helpful for baby to practice tummy time.
It's great at first but the more you use it the more it wears down. The putty doesn't hold it as good as it used too and the wheels pop out once they've been used at least once.
It seems to work well but I was disappointed in Schwinn for the plastic wheels.
No, seriously, this little guys is super adorbs, but I'd prefer to hold the box it came in than the doll itself. It's like handling a stiff little body, so cold, so hard, so lifeless and flat... and yeah, what's up with the flattened torso? (soft-stuffed torso and you'd have a WINNER! Cute, but I couldn't print that return label fast enough.
The snakes were falling apart the moment I opened the package. It's very poorly made, so you'll have to glue them back for security. It did the job, I ended up spray painting the entire thing gold and it looked 100x better than the original look.
Many of these won't stand on their own as pictured. Otherwise a complete and "good-enough" quality set.
Racks are unstained and look very cheap constructed for a deluxe set.
The product itself was great but the box that most people use for display purposes was damaged.
Super excited to open this up and put it together, but upon opening the entire assembly kit/accessories was missing in the box. I get that it happens, and if I had not been in a crunch for time, I would have simply contacted Little Tikes and requested the kit. But do to time restraints I had to go to the store and find a different car. On that note, I put together just a traditional cozy coup and at 8 months pregnant was able to assemble it all by myself. The instructions are not that difficult. Only issue was trying to get screws to drill into the plastic with no precut holes and to hammer in the anchors to the back that holds the frame in place (those were just tough). If I had had all the parts required I would have definitely given it a 5 star. I know it would have been a super cute car.
they're pretty good dice, but they're not as red as they look in the picture and have a lot of black in them
large mask, adult size. worked as expected.
There is a chip in one of the pieces, so the domino is identifiable even when face down. Unable to repair the chip. The box fell apart when opening the set for the first time. It can be glued together, but this was a gift, so a little embarrassing to gift something that needs repairs before even being used. On the plus side, the dominoes are nice and thick, feel like good quality (aside from the chipped piece). The train station is better quality than many I've seen.
The arrow should fly a little farther. It looks nice.
I spent a lot of time searching for the perfect thing to store my son's Legos, and I really wanted to like this. I'll find a use for this, but it definitely won't hold up to constant use by a small child.
Works fine. Recharges with no issues
This is attracted to a magnet. When the gold plating falls of due to wear, it starts to rust.
Looks like there is suppose to be a driver type club and a putter, but we got 2 drivers..o well my daughter still loves it..just kind of misleading
This just arrived. I was disappointed to see that some of the things shown on the box in the listing are just paper cutouts. I was trying to avoid the kind of "science" kit that is just a box of paper cutouts. I will update this review if it turns out to be better once my son digs in.
Received only 6 instead of 7
Not that easy to throw in the water kind of boring.
This is a cute toy. The doors break off easily so I am having to place them back on.
The items were super cute and a good value considering the price. The only problem was that they shipped them in a mailing envelope and the wand arrived broken. I decided not to return because the other items were okay and our little princess liked them.
When the product arrived at my house, one of the eggs was crushed, so that was a big disappointment. The other two eggs were ok, so I let them hatch. It takes quite some time for the eggs to hatch and the animals to grow. During this process, my children lost interest. Due to this, I'm not sure that I would really recommend it.
I bought the piñata for my daughters birthday party but when I received the product it was really small. Not only wasn't I satisfied with the size of the product but the the product wasn't sturdy. Piñata fell after first hit which was a bummer. In my opinion the item wasn't worth its price.
It works and he likes the toy but it is a little on the heavy side, so when it falls more than a few inches,and it does with a 5 year old, the ball easily unlocks and falls apart. Also the clear ball became more opaque.
The camera is relatively easy to use. It lasts an hour or so when my son is taking pictures. I haven't figured out how to delete pictures while using the camera (my son takes a lot of pictures). I can delete picture s by removing the memory chip and deleting them from the computer. Would I buy it again? No, I want something that's better quality. It's ok for a toddler who isn't careful with cameras. If your children are old enough to handle a camera with care then I'd buy a different one.
Bought for Halloween, and my kids have a parade at school. So....this would be worn twice....it didn't last for the first wear. At school the teachers had to use tape to keep the costume closed. For the price I wasnt expecting it to last forever, but I feel it should have lasted longer than it did. The fit was good for my tall 9 year old. And the wig is cute!
I ordered these for my best friends baby shower and they're too small, not happy they're not sturdy.
Really nicely cut wooden cats to stack. They offer a good challenge. I understood the size when ordering, but to have them in hand - they are really, really small for the price. Kinda disappointed in the size. The container they come in should be a velvet bag and not the cardboard envelope. It sounds like a fancy container, but it's just cardboard. It is probably so they stay flat and don't break, Overall, really cute.
It's very big and spacious. Got this for my almost 3 year old daughter and she loves it. Unfortunately I didn't receive the little ladybug flashlight that was supposed to come in the set. One of the poles ripped through the floor of this tent rather easily. All in all, ok but not worth $20.
too expensive for this set of toy.
Worked fine for 2 months, now there is a problem with the loading mechanism and it locks up every time. Haven't had an issue with other rivals so far.
Hard to push down. Not easily clipped under to stay down either.
Not was I thought it was. Thought it came full of cards
I was very unsatisfied with this product....the pieces are made very cheaply and fall apart. The playdoh plus that they included is so soft it is almost like real icing....not good for the age group that plays with it....it smooshes into all the other colors and is so soft it dosent hold a shape.
The only complaint I have is that the drink holders are WAY too small. No coozies of any size are going to work. Due to this I will be returning the item.
My wife ordered this and didn't catch that it was a $19 toy. That's on us. But it's CRAZY expensive for this type of toy Car. I'm not sure if this is some sort of collectors item or something... just be aware that it's a lot of money for what you get.
Every thing fine.GRAND KIDS love them..
Does the trick but I have had some snags along the way. Two times it folded back up while my son was standing on it. He wasn't playing around or misusing either as I was in there with him. He just took a step to get off and bam, the stool folded back in half while he was still on it.
Super adorable and for the price it's a good deal. The mini squishies do collect a lot of lint on it and they don't last that long but its still fun.
My granddaughter is 2.5 yrs old. Maybe she's too young but so far she hasn't stayed interested and put the buttons in her mouth!
Very cute and love the items that came in this set. Only problem is that the suitcase won't stay shut.
Box for "happy meal very flimsy, I taped it together. It was not made for a 4 yr old
OUTFIT WAS CUTE BUT PACKAGING FOR A GIFT WAS DISSAPOINTING
The glasses were just what I was looking for to hand out as an end of the year gift to my students. However, I ordered two boxes of the mixed glasses and received one box of mixed colors and one box of all pink glasses. This was a problem because between my 2 classes of students, I now had 30 pink pairs, 6 yellow, 6 green, and 6 orange. I really needed the mixed boxes so that more than half didn't have to take pink. It was too late to return them for a different box since I needed them for last day of school.
These were nice inflatables, the man doesn't want to inflate all the way and falls over a little, but the other two are nice. We hung the rocket to keep it in place.
The strings on the bags were very poor quality. I was afraid to carry a bottle of wine in the bags as I was afraid the bag or string would rip and the wine bottle would break.
I ordered these online because I was unable to drive due to a short term medical issue but when I received them they were half melted. They were for my two year old though so I just took the paper off and put them in the freezer till hard again and took them out for them to get back to room temp so they were usable. Luckily she was too little to notice any difference. I'd recommend these but just bought from the store..
Hard to control but fun. Almost hit me in the face
Not quite as exciting as I hoped it would be.
The truck ant tractor set seem to be low grade plastic. I have some Tonka trucks that my 30 year old son played with that are kept outside in the weather. And his kids play and use them all the time. I don't think the John Deer set will be around that long. But they will be good while that last. They look cool and they love them.
My son just received this and was disappointed in the selection. He received 1 EX, 2 GX, and 2 Breaks. He was hoping for better damage points for all of them. One of them had 0 damage.
I love that since it's so big that they're in separate pieces! My dislikes are that it's not evenly cut and the Dora panel looks like it has sun damage or something, it's a lot lighter that the rest of the panels.
The game is a little awkward to use, played it once, my 5 yr old son has not been interested in playing it again.
The time the package arrived
I thought this was going to be Harry Potter trivial pursuit but I've been using it more as an expander pack for normal trivial pursuit. There is no board or pieces it just comes with dice and the cards. There are less cards then there are in the actual Harry Potter version of the game. It's still fun if you have regular trivial pursuit but it's not what I expected
The ones that worked were cool, about 60%.
Great for D&D play. Drawings wipe clean and it comes with plastic spacers to hold the grid down this preventing it from rolling up.
Same as every glow pop glows for like .01 millisecond
Horrible packaging. Had duct tape
Way small... Even on my 1/18 Teton they are small...
The product is cute but the quality needs to be improved more to worth this amount of bucks. Some pieces fall apart and one refuse to turn on before Halloween. If they mark it as 12 pieces and lower the price, I would be happy to get 18 even with several do not function well.
Given as a gift so ratings in neutral
Purchased this as a Xmas gift for my 5 year old son. It was very cute, but I didn't feel the quality would hold up long. When putting the tracks together one portion wouldn't hold together correctly so the train would consistently slip off the tracks every lap. Very cute, however, better quality tracks are needed. I ended up returning it.
We wanted to do water beads in a kiddy pool at the beach for all the cousins, and these never expanded in salt water. Darn.
Son loved this for Halloween. Mask gives very limited vision though hence the 3 star rating.
While this package is nicely put together, but the directions/instructions for the tricks are in a little pamphlet with type so light and small it is almost impossible to read. Do yourself a favor and get a large magnifying glass. I can't imagine a youngster using this. And an adult better have really good eyesight.
I ordered two of these and received one. The one came on time. I called and received an apology and my other items the next day. Good customer service from the person who answered.
Arrived in a slightly crumpled Funko Pop! Box and was far tinier than expected. He did arrive swiftly and ahead of schedule. Kudos on shipping!
it certainly has 200 arcade games on it. but all of them are ones I have never seen or heard of. And most of them are boring and way too easy to play. there are a few games on there that are fun. But don't expect to see any of the games you played in the arcades as a kid.
A really good, instructional kit that could be so much better with a little thought. I didn't suffer the missing parts problems that others reported but the feel of all components is very cheap and the fact that the timing belt is too big with no effective adjustment is just not necessary. I fixed my son's model with a couple of wraps of electrical tape on each of the rollers so it finally stopped slipping. Yes it was relatively inexpensive but it could be such an impressive model if designed and produced with a little more care
For some reason these were delayed when they got shipped. When they did arrive some were marked up with black marks.
Amazon, you have shipped pops inside the rigid sorter boxes before. You should do this for ALL pops. We are tired of seeing these collectibles being shipped lose in a box with like a single plastic air pillow and receiving the pop damaged without the shipping box being damaged.
It definitely blinks quickly very well. Unfortunately that's all it does. I just want it to stay still. Kinda ruins the vibe with no chill settings.
It was okay. The colours start to smudge after a while. The magnets are not very strong.
We bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas and she is so in love!!!! The baby doll is so realistic. However, the stitching in her arm has already torn. I had to touch it up. And her hands around the fingers look dirty, but it is not dirt. I don't know if the finish or coloring is just coming off. I am a bit disappointed with it.
Love the chest strap and the bag has a lot of room to put stuff in considering it's a really small bag. But my daughter pulls when she's in this. So it only took two months for the elastic on the strap to fray scared if we continue to use it will break and maybe lose her
At first these holders were very nice but we live in the desert and the padding glued on to the holder is coming off and the cards get stuff in between the padding and the plastic holder. The cards tear trying to get them out.
One of the cubes came damaged. One of the creases had opened up rendering the spinner useless as it wouldn't budge unless you used two fingers for leverage. Eventually the joystick became loose as well. While it still works, the joystick gets stuck in one spot and makes a very annoying creaking noise. Normally I'd just give the product 1 star for arriving broken, but the other cube in the package has been just fine in the hands of my girlfriend, so I'll write it off as bad luck on my part. She loves it and constantly carries it around in her car.
I liked the actual product. The only dislike was that there were no instructions on how to string it together. I had to refer to the picture to try and guess what to do. Seems like it should not be that difficult, but I had a hard time!
I can't rate it because I haven't received it yet !
Plush is cute and my son likes him. Item was supposed to arrive well before Christmas as it was a prime item, but it arrived after Christmas.
Need more information about size because I bough size 6 is too small
This is not a sturdy game, the two halves don't snap together well, it's hard for small hands to put the sticks in, and the spinner was too small for little hands. I bought this for my grandchildren ages, 2 1/2 up to 10, once it was together it was fun for them to play, but the set up took to long to keep them entertained long enough to play again. It's a fun idea but I wish it was bigger and easier for the age that it's recommended. By the way, it did come as described.
Does not wet well, melts at very low temp
The fit is a little odd, when he wears it the alligator is looking up
Nice selection of patterns. Boy and girl friendly. A few of them don't wrap around when slapped.
Item as described. Board was bigger than expected but it's great for my classroom. It was missing a black pawn. Can seller please ship this or I will return
They came with black stains
Cute but very thin. You need to wear something underneath it or else it is completely see through.
My only issue was that it was shipped in an envelope so the box was a bit damaged.
Game was well packaged and delivered quickly but the game it's self though brand new was missing a pawn piece (red) and the decoder had fallen off of the central board piece. We contacted the manufacturer for a replacement board piece and just glued the decoder back together. The game it's self is fun but slightly confusing. We enjoyed playing it but not sure if we played it exactly right.
This was not the best of these dot books. Much dinosaur names were much to hard for toddlers and there were not enough dots to pop. Who's in the ocean was a much better book for toddlers.
Nice bookbag, but I found it at Wal-Mart for $10 🤦
Unfortunatly I didnt recieve the Link for the Tutorial. Like the other poeple said, it is sharp but otherwise its good quality.
My daughter loves this! I think it could be a bit better of quality, but you get what you paid for, I have had to sew a few spots together already after only a few months.
Needed the part to make the make a figure.
Hit and miss. Some products were good some were not. Definitely couldn't use the plates, cups and utensils. Way to flimsy.
I opened a box and a pack of 600 rubber band all over really. I'll go straight thru rainbow loom next time. There packages are sealed and cheaper. Bands are beautiful.
Not for super smart kids, my 5 year old nephew was bored in minutes... too easy for him
Did not like the red writing on it. It said is was play money, and had some black marks on it s I didn't need red writing on it. Loved the gold 100 I got.
Fun set but flimsy....requires parental assistance to ensure pieces don't get broken. Some of the braces on the bowls immediately broke and tolerances on other pieces required parental assistance to get together and apart (to spare more breakages).
Cute decoration for what I needed it for. Sad that the giraffe has multiple holes in it.
This button has a lot of different and funny sayings on it, but it's REALLY loud. I thought it was going to be about as loud as one of those EASY buttons you get from Staples, but it's several times louder. I have to keep it inside of my desk drawer, and even if I push the button and quickly close the desk drawer, it's still louder than the EASY button on top of my desk. So I have to find a way to muffle that little speaker effectively.
Cheaply made. Won't last long.
So did anyone else have an issue with the eye sewed on backwards???! I didn't realize it until after I had given it as a gift to one of my students! How embarrassing!! It would've made the perfect gift if it were right! I am increasing my score because they contacted me quickly and was very apologetic offering a full refund without returning the product. Thank you for great customer service!
These jump the tracks very frequently. The original car that came with the track doesn't. I'm sick of running across the room to catch one of these before it goes under the couch again.
No through holes to mount tires to motor with screws.
It sounds like a squirrel but you can barely hear it
There was a mark inside the glasses. Which I couldn't remove. Looked like glue, I think.
Wow is this expensive. Hardly any paper on the damn roll. I'm in the wrong business. Can't wait to sneak it into my friends powder room during his 50th party though!
I gave this version of Connect Four as a birthday present for a ten year old. He referred to it as a knock-off. It is not as good quality as the original Connect Four version.
It was so beautiful but the lace is too thin and it tore in the first week of play. I normally just sow n fix but the lace is too thin to fix. 😥 my daughter is only 3yr old. So if older than that it might last longer.
Just be aware...every part of this "game" is very flimsy. No way young children could play this without destroying it. An adult would have to spend the whole time policing how rough the kids touch anything which is no fun at all. The idea is great...and if a little extra money would have been spent on quality parts...would be a great toy.
They were decent quality, but they were way smaller than I thought. It was my fault I did not read the details. However, had I really read the details they would not have been worth the price.
This item was sent to my daughter's house. She didn't like it, sent it back and ordered one she liked better. I do not have an opinion on this item.
In the beginning, these tactile balls seem very cool. They are jelly like with hard beads inside. The issues with them is that they are kind of sticky on the outside so dirt readily sticks to them. They are washable though. Also, I let my 9 year old play with one and she squeezed in just the right way so that is broke and the beads came out.
Kid didn't like it as much as he liked the pic of it!
I wish the bottom tray was a little lower my 3 year old cant even get his hands into the tray to put bolts on and off other wise not too bad for the price
Way smaller than showed on the picture. I bit dissatisfied
Received package and the purple and black bows were missing their eyes. See third picture where you can see them loose in the package.
This is my first dron and I bought it based on the reviews how it was easy to fly for first time users and the price. After two days of trying to figure it out and the modes still no luck can't tell which way is front (forward) and now the one propeller won't spin so it won't even fly. I will probably be sending this back as it don't even work. I've tried everything to get it to fly the gears are tight.
It's a little bit hard to use for little hands but they love it
Cute but fell apart after one wash
Seems a bit cheap and not much for volume control, very loud! Cover for the battery holder broke already as well as a couple other things.
My son liked it but it would have benefited from having some instructions on how best to wear it/configure it.
LED lights are super bright. Not a gentle glow. The bunny is soft and cuddley like a regular stuffed animal. Unfortunately, the glow eats batteries and stop working all together less than a year after purchase.
They're cheaply made fell apart within a few intense sword battles. Lets just say I wouldnt bet your whole defense against a five year old dragon on these holding up.
Good toy but battery life too short
Doesn't really work like paint. It's too runny.
Good but over priced
Beautiful but it arrived broken
super cute just like the picture but it was top heavy! had to tie it just to get it to sit right but still looked cute as all heck. just buy it! Also stays aired up for friggin ever and it's huge.
Not bad. The trunk size is ridiculously small. Best price variety dress up clothes I could find. My boys like it. If you purchase based on quality this isn't for you. I serves our purpose and expectations based on price.
Very cute and my daughter loves it! I unfortunately hate to see, and thats exactly what i have to do as it came with ripped open seams and stuffing coming out... Will sew and let her wear til it falls apart
Wasn't as big as it looked on screen. But my grand-daughters still enjoyed it.
They were awesome but the batteries died rather quick and some fell apart.
Meh but i didnt expect anything amazing
Was a fun craft...could provide more clay, really only had enough to complete 2 out of the 3 globes...
Cute but the gold was a weird color... was expecting a "soft" gold but this is very brassy (not a big deal though) It was super hard to center on the string because it's paper and I didn't want it to rip. it did the job though
Directions were vague and difficult to follow. Remote did not work out of the box.
Not at all the mask I'd ordered, but still pretty dope. Good quality, nice scare factor.. might as well keep it
I love it, however the parts that connect the top part are to big and it looks like it is ready to break
I ordered 3 I only got 2
pennies are some what sorted, 9 rolls nothing before 1940 & newer. no low mint coins in the three batches I purchased, all rated good to fine with a couple high mints that were ex-fine
The material seem durable and designs are nice. There are a couple of bags that got holes in them (must be a factory defect). Otherwise I would have given 4 stars.
These are quite small and hard to remove the frosting to change them around.
My daughter lived it, but it was missing parts.
It is what it is . a tie but it didnt even come rolled it was shoved in the box the stitching is weak and its nothing that will last more then this halloween that is for sure. If i were you pay the extra and get one for $10 .
Right out of the box, the drawer was a little iffy. Otherwise, it was good for the money.
Very cute, but it's annoying that you can't load the bottom without having to hold the top part with the cars on it. Could have designed it better!
This thing is huge! Very dense and squishy. My daughter loves it. But it started showing defects shortly after purchase. It's still fun to play with, but it isn't pretty. For the price I expected it to be a little sturdier.
I got this because it was on sale. The cube feels comfortable as I grasp it in my hands. Although I noticed that two of the buttons doesn't work. Some people may have said the same thing, so maybe it's supposed to be that way?
The battery pack glitches out very quickly. We can no longer use the product and we've only had it 3 weeks.
I expected there will be the songs not the tunes of the songs. A bit disappointing.
I feel like I got what I paid for on this bunch, and that isn't necessarily a bad thing. They were very cheap, and I only needed a couple. So it didn't bother me that some arrived already broken. And I only needed them for a couple of hours. But they are pretty cheaply made. If you only need a handful it's worth buying and just using the best ones. But if you need exactly as many as come in this bag it probably won't work. Order extra.
Perfectly acceptable staff for the cost but the photos on here appear to be photoshopped. The color on the snake head is less shiny and less detailed than shown. But again, just fine for the cost.
This seemed like a really great buy but I was disappointed that I wasn't able to obtain network coverage in my area for this device. My 6 year old didn't seem to be too bothered by that though. He played with this item for about two weeks before his older brother accidentally knocked it off the stand it was situated on while charging. After that the screen no longer worked.
Very cute, durable, runs very small. Made a little persons head. Waaay to tight for anyone else.
Only some of these kept air. The kids enjoyed them, but thankfully we ordered extra to make up for the ones that were not useable.
I bought this for my granddaughter she loves it.
Love this house, everything was so much fun to put together. However for some of the instructions were not clear on how you put things together. The pictures showed the beginning and the end. No detail on how to get there which was very difficult to figure out. But other than that, super relaxing, could spend hours doing this.
I ordered blue and the pad came in pink
Bought this as a gift but did not come in the original package but in a brown box. Disappointed because part of the fun of a game is picking it from the box. Don't know if I'm am going to return it. So sad.
I ordered this item for my 9 month old son. It is very easy to use and safe. The option of hitting the keys with their fingers through the buttons is very convenient. However, it was very disappointing to hear that the sound was not a major scale as I expected. Instead, is a whole tone scale which make the songs and playing weird.
Did not fit my wraith needed spacers
Bought this for 13 bucks, then Amazon decreased the price to like 11 right after I ordered it
Disappointed that I had to gift this item which had obviously been returned but not re-packaged well.
Fun for the kids, but way too many different areas to have to blow up!
Box came in dinged up as per usual. Shipping box had no issues, inside product was damaged pre packing. It's typical of Amazon and their handling of collectible items. It's hit or miss with any Funko Pop! that you order. We know the risks, just a shame they continue to get exclusives and then handle them so poorly
Suits the Purpose My Grand Daughter was Happy with it.
one size doesn't fit all
Brushes are not bad. The larger brushes work wonderfully, however the more detailed brushes failed to live up to the reviews. The hair split after just one use on a d and d miniature. I would recommend a different set if you are working on theses items.
Part of the piece came broken. Please do a better job packaging
I got what I paid for, very cheap but the kids loved playing with them. One of the lights stopped working even changing the battery, nothing.
Took over a month to get it. There was a crucial part missing to attach the arm to the body. Also the weapon is missing. Otherwise it looks nice (if you end up getting every piece)
Son loves them for his 4 birthday, he is still working how to use them correctly
The flavors are decent but the product breaks and leaks easily. Also ended up finding it at a 99Cent store only recently for cheaper.
Do not like the fact does not come with wig
Not exactly as expected
Of the 3 stress balls received, one popped open with 3 hours of use. My students have special needs and they types of tools are great and I was excited to try them seeing that they were marketed as very durable. Unfortunately, one got a small hole and the inside began coming out in just a few hours of use. They students were not being overly aggressive either. I' hoping the other two last longer.
I bought this for my daughter's birthday and once we opened it we found one of the horses had a broken leg. The missing piece was not even in the box so we couldn't even glue it on. Went to return the kit and found that the return window has closed. Very disappointed.
Some of the dice don't make any sense
Instructions were horrible in black and white not labeled well at all had to guess at a lot of it won't ever buy this brand again
The eyes were cloudy and scuffed up. Took a while to get the stickers off of their fur. Served their purpose as gifts but could have been better.
This was a great value other than the fact that the 0 balloon was damaged and the numbered balloons were the primary reason for my purchase. It had a slow leak and I was unable to determine the source of it so the balloon would not stay fully inflated. If it had not been damaged I would have given this 5 stars.
This arena is would have been perfect if it had just been constructed with stronger plastic. As it is, my kids have already punctured a hole and cracked it. Still serves it's purpose though, but definitely not worth what I paid for it.
This puzzle was a little challenging but beautiful....except the fact it was missing 3 pieces 😔. I originally wanted to frame it and hang it in our bar.
I bought these for my husband's 40th birthday and the "4" popped shortly after the very next day. I wanted to take pictures of him with these balloons thinking that they would stay inflated for a week. Well that didn't happen, the "4" balloon ended up popping no less than 24 hours later. Not what I expected and was a disappointment since I wanted to take some pictures of him with it.
Packaging was a bit wierd but came in good condition. The board had some odd smell like from a leather facility. The biggest let down for me was the practice striker that came with the product. It was actually dented at the sides and would damage the board.
I like the Pop's, but all four were damaged in the first shipment. I sent back and the damage was worse in the second shipment. It was like someone had wrapped their hand around each of them and crushed them. There was no damage to the shipping box at all. Trying one more return, but not holding my breath.
Looks like momo. Eye holes are high so can't wear with bun or pony tail and see out of both eyes.
Cute but smaller than I thought it would be.
I didn't read the description right and where smaller than I had wanted
They are rust resistant due to not having steel in them making them more easy to wear.
Very soft but not kid friends. Lint and fuzz shed from this like crazy. I had to get rid of it.
I ordered two. They were really cute but only one of them worked. Too much trouble to send it back so I'll just give it as a stuffed toy.
I bought these to fill gift bags. Buyer beware, if you want your gift bags to have the same items so kids won't fight, this is not for you! It is a weird amount of each item. I have 23 tattoos, 6 dissolvable eggs, a weird mix of everything else as well.
My grandsons were happy with what they got, the package was just about torn apart though
Do not buy this. Not very attractive. Not what I expected .
Cute, but VERY small
Thought these were the larger size, but they are only about 6 inches
The costume would have been great, but the hat (even though wrapped in a sealed plastic bag) had clearly been worn and had white stuff on it (as if it had been in someone's hair with white spray and one of the clips was off. The ball on the wand was also haphazardly places back on.
Much smaller than expected. This is a travel size game. Make sure you know that before buying.
SMALL FITTING. VERY CHEAP MATERIAL
product description was inaccurate. only 12 pencils not 36, however the refund process was simple and I appreciate that.
Smaller than I expected. But I am happy with it
good for small children
Play Doh is Play Doh. Smaller than expected. Cheeper to make your own.
bought this for my daughter for Christmas but was disappointed when I received it because the box where the doll came in was ripped as if it had been thrown around previously
These boxes were much smaller. I was going to use the to place trick or treat items in them.
Cradle is ok; the bedding was below par. I ended up making a new set of bedding before giving this item to my granddaughter;
The paint job it a bit blurry in the details. It looked much better in the picture than in person.
The only thing I didnt like about this is the price. Nice size but over priced.
it is to light weight, it does not want to stay on the bottom of the pool, I had to add about a half pound of lead weight to keep it down. this was my third vendor, I sent the others back.
I think my daughter likes simpler toys. This one did not catch her interest.
It seems like there's a book in the middle but it's just a flap. My son does have fun with this toy because he loves anything that makes noise when he touches it but I thought this would be more worth the price.
Vibrant colors, great graphics. But not durable. Made of paper that is very lightly coated. So not able to use again. Rips easily.
not as big as expected
Although I was always worried about my iPad slipping out of the bracket it never did. Worked really well.
For the cost this product is really flimsy. If you plan to just set this somewhere and not move it, it should last. However, we carry around panting from upstairs to downstairs and wobbles. This has caused the tabs to pop out. Not nearly as well crafted and designed as their box inserts.
My son loved them but a lot of the paint comes off of them and ultimately leaves them as just a single colored object
Bad Box Wear. Figure in good condition.
Disappointed with the size of the balls. Only use as party favors not for teacher treasure boxes.
These were a little cheap, the arms are flimsy and the heads pop off easily
Love them so cute and squishy. Just very expensive on amazon vs the actual website for them
Leaves a residue on your fingers.
Heads pop off easily
I'm giving this product three stars because my son loves it. However it is cheaply made and did not come with the two quick reload clips shown in the pictures.
It was awesome until it ripped itself apart
It is such a cute idea and our baby loves it but it leaks.. Unfortunately we bought this water mat 2 months ago and just opened it over the weekend. I just tried to make and exchange but our return window has closed already so will not be able to use this toy :-( It seems like it would be a good one tho. Bay was able to use it for a bit until we noticed the floor was all wet....
The magnetic force wasn't very strong between the blocks to connect the cars. Sadly we returned. I'm giving 3 stars for the no hassle return.
Got for my grandsons ages 11 and 8. We had to deflate the logs cause the boys kept rolling off them. Once half blown up they worked great. The jousting things were flimsy and folded in half while using but the boys still had fun with them.
Much smaller than advertised. Very disappointed. Only 4 inches long.
Cute but not what I was wanting.
This is an adorable set and a great price for the money but the strap on the tool belt is extremely small. My son is only five and it barely closes
Product in itself is good but very disappointed with the packaging as all crayons had gotten out in the mailing envelope from the box and different colors are stuck on the crayons due to friction during transport. These are very expensive and really hope they will improve the packaging. Will get these replaced and see if I have a better luck next time.
Cant really review it.
They are cute and fun but a bit of a weird texture. They feel almost sticky. The colors also seem to transfer and rub off on surfaces but my hands seemed fine.
My daughter and grandson were enjoying playing with their slime. A few weeks later we discovered mold inside one of the containers. This was such a disappointment.
All the cards were stuck together when I open the package. I spent a good 20 minutes unsticking them and shuffling them. Even though I understand the game, most people don't. Every time I have brought this game out people got tired of it quickly, and typically we moved onto a different game.
Ummmm.....not sure if maybe i was around different breeds of
Nice trucks but the rubber tracks on the excavator are really loose and keep falling off, cant really play with it much
Fun gift. Unfortunately all of the cars are on the same frequency. Purchased 3 cars for the kids and they cannot play with them together,
Sorry I bought this just kidding the games ok
Good size but too light so we need to add heavy stones and still if the wind is strong the sign will fly away
Directions kind of suck.
Bought these for my niece. She loved them but not exactly what I was expecting & had some trouble with a lot of the balloons.
My son 💘 this costume, but the fingers are are sewn super small and it's very hard to get it on him!
um its good but the roads are small more like for micro cars. not much or hot wheels but it works
The drone had a rotor that wouldn't spin unless flicked but overall good drone
I ordered these balloons for my twins 6th unicorn themed birthday party bc this set was the best for the price. When I received my package it was missing one of the big unicorns so I contacted the company and didn't hear back for a week or so on my first attempt. I contacted Amazon and they apologized and refunded me my money being I did not receive all of the items. I then reached back out to this company and they apologized and said they were sending me out the left out balloon that day and I should receive it soon. Two weeks pass, and I never received a balloon.Plus when we were blowing up one of the balloons the purple one popped. So between missing one of the major balloons and one not being great quality, that being said, no I would not recommend this company to order from. If you do so, do so early so you have time to make other arrangements if your order is not fully correct. Too many different people and companies sell this exact set of balloons to order from them.
I bought this for my granddaughter because she loves the movie. I was so excited to find one I that I didn't take the to read the reviews. While this is beautiful in color, it is so small. Totally over priced.
Due to the length of the shaft it's a bit on the flimsy side. The cheap plastic handle is actually reasonably comfortable and the top (orange part) is free moving so you can press it against your hand or palm for extra force while still turning it smoothly. I had a lot of trouble getting screws off a little electronic device I was trying to repair, though, because the screwdriver kept flexing when I pressed down hard. I was scared it was going to snap! So if you have really stuck screws, that might be an issue. Otherwise, it's a decent little screwdriver.
Package came completely beat up, I got this as a gift and the presentation is not what I want to present to my daughter as a gift. Truly disappointed!
This is a really cute float for a great price; however, it is not super durable. It is easy to inflate. I wish it had cup holders and that the plastic was a bit thicker. I am a bit worried it will pop easily, as some of the air came out just from the wind. I really like the style of this and the glitter inside; however, I will not buy anymore due to the durability not being great.
I got this for my 5 YO daughter who loves the product - it suits her needs and will last a reasonable amount of time if stored properly. My one complaint is the poor job done by the manufacturer on the edging of the stickers - when you peel some of the stickers off the paper backing, it partially cuts off the image which is tacky-looking.
Cute idea but the b-ball's don't stay in the card well and not always easy to fit in so the card rips
The cards were packaged in a bag. Unprotected from damage. There were about 3-4 decks that had the corners damaged. We opened one box of the cards and damage was limited to extra cards, example joker. We will not know about the others till they are opened. These are for a bunch of older gentlemen who enjoy playing rummy. I was designated to order cards for them. They will not play with a deck that is damaged in any way because if a card in the deck can be identified they pitch it out. The seller needs to package them more secure from damage.
Should furnish Google's. Dangerous to face.
I absolutely love this squishy unicorn but it appears I received a used one. There were no stickers and there already tears in the unicorn. It also developed tears very easily. It smells great and it is a super awesome idea just poorly constructed. Hopefully I just received a used one.
Toys r us sent this with there invoice and price which was 6.00 lower than what u charged. Lesson learned.
This toy doesn't do anything aside from lighting up, and the grandkids, 4 and 2 yrs, aren't interested at all. They like boats and other bath toys. I also don't like is that it is not sealed and slowly fills with water which is a pain to drain after the bath. I don't want to just let it sit with water and then grow mildew.
I bought this set for my grandson. They advertised that the magnets were strong. They are not. Several of the pieces didn't stick at all. The quality of the board is good and the pieces are nice. Great chess set but not for traveling.
A lot smaller than I thought
It's one of the few products like this on amazin
Decent. Very hard to control.
Daughter is enjoying it, but not many pieces for the price. Probably as its a name brand item.
Not good for the beach
Haven't even owned this for 12 hours and the joystick on this broke. Horrible design, they didn't use a ball socket and it's held in by a piece of plastic that clips into the main housing. That piece snapped in half and the joystick came out. My 12 year old is not happy about this. Also the lanyard doesn't stay in. You can thread it through the microscopic holes, but the second it goes out the other side and you tie it off, the entire thing comes out because there's nothing between the two holes to keep the string in place. Also minor issue, the whole device is really loud.
Okay kind of blurry wouldn't by again
If you want a quiet timer for use in the classroom, this is NOT the product for you. The beeps are very loud.
Cute but not actually that useful in D&D
This was ok. Some of the spiders had already fallen off before we even opened it up all the way. But it was a cute decoration for the porch. It's definitely something that you can only use once. It should been priced lower.
These are ok, but they require some fairly bright light to function properly. You almost need direct sunlight.
My Daugher dropped it on the living room floor and the screen went out.
It's a nice very big, soft, cozy teddy bear but the head doesn't stay up!!
Doesn't look as good as the picture. Bangs are matted. Hair falls out by the handful. Good for one night and that's all.
Pros: lots of pretty dice and a pretty bag to hold them! Cons: after only a few uses the seams of the bag have started to come apart
Love this picture puzzle. It is adorable once together. But the puzzle pieces aren't a clean cut. Some still stuck together.
Shipping was timely and product is as described. However the board itself is cracked. Disappointed as this is for a silent auction basket for my school.
Not the best quality but fun for play
The products I received were fine. My order said hat shirt mask and gloves and I did not receive the gloves.
Another damaged box. It sucks when u get these to add to a collection and they don't look display worthy especially when purchased brand new.
Using it for a surprise birthday party they are real cute except for the way they package them. I ordered four cases and they smashed them all in one box and 4 came broken
Cute but the bedding STINKS! Really really strong odor.
Attractive product good size for the under 6 set. Not easy to inflate.
For the price that was paid for this toy, the box is very poor quality making the product inside seem poor.
It lacked quality, but looks ok
Easy to use and my son loves them. only issue is that the foam that holds the pieces together isn't held to well. A week or two after playing with them my son popped one side off. Easy to fix with some super glue, now works just fine.
The set itself is fine, the box was marked and written on with sharpie. I tried to take it off with alcohol. Felt kind of embarrassed giving it as a present.
kids liked them for a day and they never picked them up after that
The costume arrived quickly and looks as pictured. It fit my 3 year old well and he was very excited to wear it. The light was included and works well. Unfortunately, the seems around the leg/ pant portion started ripping within 2 hours of him running around in it. We will have to purchase another Spider-Man costume for Halloween, because I don't think this one will last another 2 weeks.
Great material but mavic 2 does not fit with thw propellers on.
I knew I wouldn't get something really high quality but this is pretty cheap. Some things broke the first day, but it is cute!
Very cute but stop light is flimsy and will break easily. None of the lights work even when plugged in. I have several pieces to this collection and was looking forward to adding this one...disappointed.
These are beautiful dolls, but the dresses have actual glitter on them. It's not the thread. It constantly comes off and gets in my daughter's eyes. I ended up buying the cheaper ones from WalMart and put these in a box until she gets older.
The zipper broke the first day my daughter wore it :(
I am sure the product itself is fine, however it was shipped just in the package in which it comes. The problem is that tags were stuck on it and it was written all over with marker. I can still wrap it but when it is unwrapped it will look awful! So sad for a young child. Very disappointed!!!
I love Melissa and Doug products ; they're my favorite to buy and receive for my baby boy, however these wood puzzles always lose some tiny wood chips and they're always there and of course my son puts everything in his mouth. I understand it says it's for older kids, so maybe that's something to keep in mind.
Gave these as gifts, but no one wanted to put them together.
Bought this for a river float to use for a family of 5. The size is rather deceiving and it didn't keep ice long at all. Even in a cold river. We opted to use it instead to keep snacks and sunscreen in instead. So it wasn't totally useless.
Cute little stuffie. My grandson has fun throwing it around
I really like this pop but had no protection . Also has very minor damage .
it's very nice but i gave it 3 stars because it was missing the round piece to hold the items.
Produces lots of fun but a lot smaller than I expected for the price.
Bought for niece. This looks just like it's picture, however as soon as you spin it it talks. It doesn't wait to see what it lands on and it doesn't play the line that corresponds with the princess it lands on. Still cute, but not a normal spinner.
The beeswax is of low quality. Had to buy new stuff from a local source
Exactly what you see on tv. Good size for my 4 year old grandson. Only problem roaring sound stopped working by first day. He still loves his dino
Came fast which was great! Just as it was described very good overall.
Im surprised everyone else gave this five stars. My biggest complaint is that the company folded this rug instead of rolling it. This left indentations where it was folded with parts of the rug pulling to each side due to being folded for so long. This is definitely not a comfy rug. It almost feels a little itchy to me. Overall, its ok. I maybe should have spent more and got a better quality rug but it will do for what I need.
While it is well made -- it is hard to get the rings on the sticks...and I am quite good at tossing games.
Saying it is a "stuffed bean figure" led me to believe it was along the lines of a beanie baby type thing. NO. There is not a bean anywhere in there...it is Molly stuffed with fluff. Smaller than I expected (about the size of a regular size beanie baby). That being said, it seems to be decent quality and my 1 year old is happy with it.
These were great, but they stunk soooo baaaad and were really dirty. I even tried to wipe them down with Clorox wipes, but it did not help. I'd suggest putting water or sand in the tree so it stands up easier too
Arrived with a few broken magnets. Not as strong as I would have liked. However, it does the job in most cases.
Works as described but just okay for price. The canopy straps don't really hold it in place so you have to keep a hand on the sides to keep baby in the shade.
My 1 year old and 3 year old both really like this car, and both can use it independently. My complaints are the price and the fact that when you toss it into the bucket to put it away it feels the shake of the toss and starts revving its engine, but you have to shake it, then push it to make it go, so it just sits in the bucket revving until you give it a push so it makes the driving sound and then stays quiet.
These are okay the excitement lasts a hot 10 minutes and they don't stick together well.
Mostly good. Some of the plastic connectors were loose when fitted and do not stay in.
Great looking chain but the paint chiped after a week.
A little small for an adult hand. Fun.
AS MY 9 YEAR OLD POINTED OUT. MOUTH IS NOT OPEN, HORN DOES NOT HAVE STRIPE, OTHER SMALL DETAILS ARE NOT THERE. $5 ITEM NOT $12 LIKE WE PAID. SEE PICS FOR EXAMPLE
If you are willing to wait you can order these from China otherwise for a higher price they are on Prime. I have done both because I couldn't wait to try them. Jan 1st 2019 I would not recommend the "Order from China route" - 5 of the 6 tins arrived dented and unusable
didn't work as well as I hoped.
It is a fun idea to get people talking, but honestly there just are not very many questions for nearly $17. If it were sold for half that price I would give it five stars. I do like that it comes with the cards punched so you can put it on a ring, and the cards are small like a deck of cards so it is easy to keep in a purse or backpack or in the car for on the run conversation starters.
The paint job on it wasn't to great .
Kind of cheaply made but the kids will like them I hope there wrapped under the tree right now
Only one star for presentation because please, STOP THE WASTE OF PLASTIC! Such a pity because otherwise, these precious toys are just adorable. My daughters love these things!
Some of the pieces were not cut smoothly and did not match up with the other
I usually hate when people downgrade a product due to delivery or shipping errors but my Alexa just informed me of a Prime delivery having been made. I was in my living room but the driver didn't knock or ring the doorbell which counting our RING doorbell we have two counting the original doorbell. Instead, I hear my Alexa notification and when I stepped out my door, I stepped on the box the driver had left right in the middle under my door step on my door mat. Not to the side of the door or behind it, but exactly where someone would step. If the jerk had rung my doorbell or placed it to the side, my purchase wouldn't be damaged. Star Wars figures are valued by their packaging and now I have a smashed box. Thanks Amazon. Figure itself is a great figure and stunning resemblance to the gorgeous Natalie Portman and is a must have for your collection. Get it now at this price before it goes up. She wont be a 'Peg Warmer' as I am sure with all her costume changes in the 3 movies, this figure will be wanted for customization. Buy it now!! Just hope your driver isn't a moron.
Product is great. Thought was sent already open item or at least it was the backing that fell off.
The game looks great but is too easy. You prepare each level a long time and the solution is so easy, nothing to think about.
Very cheaply made in general. Binocular is like a joke. I'd rather buy one item, but a good one to last instead of so many things in a cheap bundle. It's a good example of you get what you pay for. They'll be ok as toys but not as outdoor equipment you can rely on when things get serious.
Product was small. Didn't fit head properly
This machine is ok the screen doesn't show the lyrics like it's suppose to but, everything else works.
Small I bought for my 3 1/2 yr. old grandson. Very small.
It is very loud.. I have to cover the speaker with gauze and tape and it's still a little loud..
I loved the concept of this product since several of my students happily engage due to these spinners. The spinners were easy to twist and activate, yet the mechanism for the rainbow light aspect did not work on one and the other three lost their lighting-up ability after one activation. I inquired to the seller about exchanging one of the four that did not work, and to my surprise the one spinner was replaced plus more, at no charge to me. So, five stars to customer service yet, two to three stars for the product.
Purchased for our great nephew for Christmas. Perfect gift to drive young parents right up the wall.
We love it the board is portable
They are tiny, which worked fine for me. Some of the figures were missing legs or their color was off. Wasn't that big of a deal. They served their purpose fine.
These were a lot smaller than I had anticipated! Yet, still cute
I bought these for my grandkids and you really need to read the description and not go off the picture or you will think you get the spinner too and you don't just the case.
These are really no different than what you can get at the dollar store. They looked and lasted just fine. No complaints.
I paid the going price for this model, maybe paid too much considering. It's my first. The unit is cute, well built and tough enough to take a beginners beating but...the app and the camera video and camera shot feature is a no go. Downloaded the proper app, my phone opened it but none of the features connect to the unit in flight or otherwise. In my next drone I'll look for a unit that works with an attached and connected real-time flight monitor-navigator and video capture accessibility next.
Didn't even come in a box...just sealed in cellophane. Not happy giving it as a gift...makes it looks cheap.
For some reason, the red balloons didn't blow up as much as the pink and white. They would pop as soon as it got even close to the right size for the heart shape to show up. But very pretty, wasn't a huge fan of the ribbon with the balloons.
Looks great, we bought this for Christmas over a month ago. Just set it up to have it ready for the big day, and the sink is broken. It has a hole through it. This is disappointing and now I have to figure out what to do.
The I and E from BRIDE wouldn't blow up so had to hang them laying flat. Very disappointed in the defective items . The other items were cute though and the veil was cool because it had a built in comb to keep it in.
Takes a while to expand
The outfit fit perfectly bit pacifier did not fit easily. I have to help jam it in whenever my daughter says her baby needs the pacifier. I literally have to smash it in with the palm of my hand but hey, whatever works.
This is cool however I do wish there was more control with the nozzle it kinda just spills out as soon as you too it
I bought this to deter squirrels from my feeder and have to say it didn't work. Not a knock on the product, I'm sure I could of pushed it down the stairs and got it to walk down like when I was a kid. Just not a good concept as a squirrel deterrent. They actually grabbed onto the slinky and used it as a spring to launch themselves onto the feeder.
This is not slime, it is putty. The consistency is firmer than slime. It was still fun for the kids and they loved the color. It does blend with use so everything eventually has an iridescent dark purple color. Still, kids enjoyed it. Just wish it had a less viscous consistency.
Can barely see answers...but does the job worst case...
pretty small characters
It is huge for a kid. I guess it's made for adults to wear? Why!!!!??? I surprised my son with it to go with his power rangers Halloween costume. Of course he couldn't actually wear it. My kid played with it for a day and likes the coins with the dinosaurs but it has not come out of the toy box in some time.
Wish you had more of them. Lots of different pictures to make,
They are very small our grand daughter is a small 5 year old and her fit just fit. If you have a old child they might be too smal
I was suppose to receive 8 different ones and only received 4. The four I received were great though.
I recently received an orbit glow toy, however there are 2 lights that are not working. I love the colors and the style of orbit but it is really unfortunate that it came in with a defect. Would hope I could exchange it for a new one!
I am a child care provider, 1. I didn't like the colors where on the pad it made it very hard for children to draw. 2. Takes awhile to dry so children get bored. 3. Thin material water soaks to your floor so you still have a mess to clean up. I much prefer to use the no mess markers and paper I really wanted to love this product it would have same me money on paper but just don't keep children entertained,and I tried and tried and now my window has closed to return.
Ok but handle won't stay on the pack when attached
It's very very small.
Parent Likes Price, details, range The thing drives over everything Parent Dislikes No off switch for the sound Loose tread while turning on carpet Kid likes Color, sounds(they both played with that more than anything else) Kid dislikes Remote feels a bit too big Loose tread
Good to get away from video. Would be nice if age rated
I found the product to be effective, but due to the weight, I couldn't use them as long as I want to.
Good size for kids to use for multi purposes
I ordered the size 7-9 yrs...The costume I received did not look exactly like the picture in the description, but it worked for my son. I'm just glad he liked it. The crown was way too big for my 7yr olds head, do I ended having to sew more Velcro on to fit ,but everything else fits fine. I thought it came with the staff, but it didn't. I guess that was my fault.
Got this for my friends child's birthday he uses it on trips and even his older brothers fight to use it
Doesn't last long, but very bright. It'll definitely work. Thank you!
Beautiful puzzle and nice quality. I liked the image so much I paid quite a bit more than I normally do for a puzzle. Unfortunately, there was an edge piece missing right from the start. Since the edge is the first part I do it spoiled finishing the puzzle knowing it was already incomplete. I also didn't start it soon enough in time to return it or ask for a replacement or credit not realizing the return window had passed. So I have a nice puzzle with a missing piece. I have read reviews where this happens to other people so I always open the box very carefully (so as not to lose any pieces) and keep the puzzle in a safe place while I work on it. I now know that missing pieces right from the manufacturer do happen. Very disappointing otherwise this would have been a five-star review.
The whistle worked and was neat, it made a whistle/train noise when my daughter blew into it. The bandana is thin, not a thick material like a real one, but it didn't fray or tear. The hat didn't stay on my three year old that great, I had to make a pony tail on her head, and even then it was falling off. The hat was just too loose/big. But overall, for the price, it was a good purchase for her costume.
Just got these, flew my drone until my battery drain, bumped into a pole, nothing too drastic & broke my first propeller already. Not feeling like I got the quality for the price.
Love the colors! But theres a slippery film on the pieces which makes the blocks slide around :(
Did not receive all the hardware to assemble
They are small compared to the original.
Very pretty doll. This will only be an issue for people who feel/see/sense such things, but in the 6 dolls fresh from the box that I bought from Mattel, there were 8 entities. I googled where the factory is---China. I think the combination of ancestor reverence and miserable factory conditions results in a weird amount of haunted products---particularly in objects that look humanoid. I don't know why this surprises me---wax figures are a mess, why not Barbies?
My son was so happy that he changed his gun immediately.
I bought this bubble machine to entertain my grandson since he loves bubbles and has a lot of energy. I was a little taken aback by the flimsy packing box and when I opened it, I was a little disappointed in the quality of the toy itself. I don't know how long it will last, but for now it is working ok. My grandson actually had a different one that also didn't last and seemed like it was made a little better than this one, so, I don't hold out too much hope for it lasting. I will update my review as time passes. So now the frog bub ble machine has been used for a while, and the one thing that has been an issue is that it tends to not blow through all the holes for the bubbles. it is stll working though and that is a plus. I still give it 3 stars
It's very durable just not comfortable
Good clappers but break easily.
Product is over all great for the price, the fabric is cheap and some of the shoulder straps ripped off we just made those strapless.
Overall it's a great ideal and good project for my kiddo. He loves dinosaurs and playing with clay so I thought this would be perfect for him, and he does love playing with it. However, he was looking forward to the t-Rex & stegosaurus the most and the box only came with a t-Rex and TWO triceratops. The box says it comes with one of each...so he was a bit disappointed he didn't get the stegosaurus!
Buttons very hard to use. Especially on the ends
Really cute costume but the tops of the feet were sewn on backwards and face out from my sons achilles rather than on top of his foot. Too close to Halloween to try to exchange good thing I can sew! Other that that very cute and good price for what your getting, sans the feet thing 🙂.
I like that aw take pictures of where the product was put
I like the size. The lines draw a little dull (compared to the boogie board we already have) but it works for my kids. They like using them.
Works, but very cheap
Fun but stairs do not stay on. Repeatedly putting them back on for my 6 yo.
Kids loved it for the longest time. Then one day just stopped working after we took the coins out of the back. Flap doesn't open, can just hear cat saying hello and thank you. Not sure what to do. Kids have just been opening box and putting coins in now. Anyone have any ideas on how to fix? Don't want to buy another one.
This is such an adorable toy and such a neat idea. It keeps falling apart and when you put them altogether it doesn't seem to stand well. Individually the pieces are fine but together not so much. So if you want a decent price item with multiple toys for your kid to experiment putting together and taking apart and a puzzle of sorts this isn't a bad idea but don't expect much when you try to make the large one.
I had to get this since it's a part of entire series, but it is not very well made. The parts don't fit too well, so I am planning to glue them together.
Love them, package is smaller than I thought.
Bought two of these for my daughters 10 / 16 for some christmas entertainment. Then were cool for about an hour. I don't think they will use them anymore.
They are smaller than advertised. For party favors, they can fill with snacks and toys of small sizes.
The little buddy not is black. Is grey...I dont liked.
It's okay but the nose piece is made for ppl with a straight nose only.
It is NOT 12 inches tall, maybe 9”. Very disappointed in size being advertised as so!
The colors were cute and girly. Perfect for our 1 year old daughter. The balls are not very sturdy. She is able to squeeze them, I make sure not to crush them if I get in the pit with her. 1 bag is definitely not enough. We bought 3 bags of 200 balls and maybe could have even gotten away with one more.
it seems you need some tip to inflate, unfortunatelly i was not able to do it, Dollar tree didn't do it either
Size is pretty small for a graduation gift
Too Small for wooden tracks
Ordered these as stocking stuffers, but 3 of the figures are poorly made (i.e. have scratches, incomplete painting, etc.) Luckily I only need 8, but 75% is not a good record.
Double the cost vs post office
They do the job and their cheap. They are, in my opinion, a little too short for Magic cards which can lead to the top of the card poking out some times. Honestly, its worth it to spend the extra on Eclipse or Dragon shield.
It was a great buy since my 3yo loved it but very cheaply made. Broke quickly but still worth it since it was so cheap.
These balls are tiny kids have fun but it's a little deceiving
Ok,.not what,.pic.shows
The beach ball was bigger than expected and the colors aren't exact. The colors are a bit more vibrant and not as pastel as shown. So I'm all I can't complain, the delivery was speedy.
It worked great for a week and then broke. I setup for an exchange not just a return but, it was just refunded. Can we please remedy this...
This toy is LOUD. Other reviewers have mentioned, but this cannot be echoed enough. Needs a sound off switch. Great toy otherwise.
My toddlers loved it. Lots of big bubbles. Fun music from the bubble gun. But only last 3 times and then no longer worked. My boys were very disappointed. I gave it a 3 star, since it was fun for them while it lasted.
Ehh It's just ok. The drawer doesn't open far enough so it's a little hard to get the money out from the slot where the bills go and the conveyor belt doesn't work well.
Cute, but not as big/fun as expected. Good stocking stuffer.
My son likes the toy, but when it came, the drill was broken. It took over a month to get the drill replaced.
They are size smaller than what I thought they would be. I have a small frame face and they fit more like a child size.
Product broke before putting on
My 7 year old son received the bow and arrow set for his birthday and loved it. However 2 of the 3 arrows broke during the first use so we are down to only 1 arrow. The arrows break very easily unfortunately.
The teddy bear is it bit smaller than it should be, but it isn't that bad. The pictures are misleading. The torso is around 1.5 feet
The water brush is very difficult to get to work, and consequently, the bristles splayed out into a useless mess.
Love the game and thought to get the expansion, as other reviews, these are all reprints. quality of the cards are definitely poorer than the cards that comes with the board games itself.
Eyepiece fell off really easily and is hard to fix
I like the design and price of the pens however I think there could be a little more effort on shipping a stronger package and the ink had leaded on the bottom. Ink and got all over my hands and the tips were also oozing ink so it gets on things when you write as well. Everything needs to be cleaned
Doesn't stay long attached to the wall of the bath. Also the hanging bubble maker doesn't stay in very well.
came defective but still holds the puzzle
We were so excited to get this for our son for his present from Santa but when my husband went to put it together the night before, it was missing the fridge handle. Which our son noticed immediately. Then when I went to call their customer service number to see if we could get them to send it, it said I was caller number 45 and had to hang up due to having to go back to work. Other then that, it is a nice fridge and our son loves it.
These are very cute and will work well for my child's goodie bag. That said, these are very small. It will not fit on the finger on a child older than 7! I was expecting a "regular" sized item that would fit on an older kid.
Its okay but the zipper broke after a few weeks..and it stains easily
The toy itself was fine. However, the box looked beat up and like it was left in water. It was embarassing as.it was to be a gift.
I searched for a cordless bubble maker. This is not cordless which has added a challenge. Also spits out a lot a soap with the bubbles which isn't good for photography, which is what I purchased it for.
Not the same color as in pic darker with almost pink feet
This was much much smaller then I expected. It is better suited for a child but may be worn by an adult. The quality was fine but the size will prevent me from wearing it.
All these forms are cool just start selling the heads so that u can make new characters from dragon ball super!?
They work fine, feel flimsy. Parts of the headset feel like good quality but the plastic that connects to the earpieces feels like it would break easily. Maybe not the best construction since this is intended for kids.
I bought two chairs and was super excited to put them together. These are definitely cute and are nice quality. The directions are easy enough to follow and you can quickly put one of these together. Main pain points: two chairs- one had an extra screw, the other had two defective screws. One chair had a washer for the “neck” piece, the other didn't. Biggest issue, whether you use a drill or screw driver, you will see the tips of the screws poke through the face of the animal (see picture). If you try to avoid this and don't screw them in as far, you're left with a wobbly chair. A disappointing finish to what could be a great piece.
Very difficult to assemble
It's an decent plush. The hair is just a solid flat piece which was kind of disappointing.
As I suspected, the train had a wheel come loose and it doesn't run on the train properly anymore. Also the screw for the battery cover is stripping a bit, despite being extra careful based on another review. I really hate short term disposable toys. It's a great item and my kids loved it while it worked, but it's not as durable as I would like.
The gloves held up well but the jewels in the wand fell out almost immediately. The big jewel came out of the tiara quickly as well so i super glued it back in place and has since been fine. My kids broke the necklace.. Its just a stretchy string with beads on it so i dont hold that against the manufacturer. Its cute for a Belle costume but I wouldnt purchase the set again becase of the jewel problem
The swing is smaller than it appears in the picture... when I picked it, I was choosing according to the picture with the children sitting on it. I wasn't paying attention to the dimensions. So I guess it's part false advertisement... The kids still love it though...
is not the right design that I order
I think this stand is great just a little pricey
I bought this along with many other Kakashi items for my friend's birthday. This item is awesome but unfortunately receiving the item, the box was damaged. So I decided to inspect the figurine: it was dusty, the paint was chipped off/not fully painted, and just makes you think it was an old item/previously owned. She still loved it but I was disappointed and embarrassed to give a damaged-look used gift. But we love Kakashi sensei so I didn't want to return it.
Looks cool, but falls right over.
Cheaply made to be a keychain. Very poorly connected to keychain on flimsy foam hook.
Way too small, but son loves it still next time I'll check inches twice before purchase!!
Very much like the one I had as a child. It has more plastic then the earlier version, but its still durable.
Not as easy to mold and the instructions were not clear. Use terms to describe that were not mentioned anywhere else so you had to guess and trial and error. Once you figure that out - they look great if you can keep them in. Not the best but they worked in the end
It's OK. Shorter than I thought
This game is meant for toddlers but has way too many cards for a toddler to play. Other than that good toddler game.
Got this for my daughter and I intended on helping her but this is way too advanced for kids (or even me) you need tools which is an added expense I wasn't expecting when I bought this. It was between this or another kit and now I wish I'd chose the other, maybe it would've been easier or at least included the tools necessary to make the bracelets.
Cute but really should mention it takes a weird size battery for remote, Disappointing birthday gift as couldn't try it out!
Got these for my son no major good cards but worth the money
probably it,s good, but i receive it with a broke string
Size is right and so is the coloring. Not as well made as the solid colored sailboats though. Stripes are not on both sides.
Half are missing gems. These are great if you're looking for quantity for price but terrible quality. The light burned out in a few hours. It is easy to turn the light on and off which is nice.
Works okay. Wheels will get stuck on the track pretty frequently.
Hair was already coming out of the wig and had bald spits when received. Figured that was as good as expected for the price. I was ok with it since it was a halloween costume for my kid
Received this toy a few weeks ago. Put brand new batteries in both the toy and remote control. Within a week it had stopped working. Tried new batteries and it continues to happen. My son is obsessed with trucks and we so wish this toy would actually work. I would not recommend wasting your money!
The puzzles are interesting and my child likes it but the box was damaged.
Keep in mind that this unit really does look like the arcade game. However you're going to need either a pair of readers or a magnifying glass to be able to see and play it. The thing is about 2 in tall. The screen is barely an inch.
Very disappointed because three balloons had holes in them.
Too small to fit pencils in very well.
I wish I were able to see the faces on these ones before I ordered them. None of them really match up with me and they are just printed on a matte paperboard. I think if it is actually used as a drink coaster, it will be ruined. I would buy the more glossy expensive ones next time
My 3 year old loves it, but it is very small... he can barely hug it.
It was alright! Looked cheap and it was open.
Item did not come in a box. Overpriced in my opinion.
Both tires had leaks and we needed to replace tubes before my daughter could even ride it for the first time. The age is 12 and up for this scooter but it is perfect size for my 9 year old daughter that is small for her age. It would be too small for a 12 year old. My daughter has only used it for an hour or so but loves it so far.
Nice globe and maybe a learning resource. Good geography starter. Puzzle pieces fall out.
It might have just been my certain one but in the picture it shows a red side mine in pink it's fine but for someone else this may be a disapointment
Not sure what to say here. It's a crazy ball that opens and closes.
Fits greats, light is slightly above average and it's very easy to use. It's major downfall which is probably the most significant is the magnification lenses can not be moved forward or backward (closer to the eyes or away from the eyes). You are basically stuck with 1 proximity setting.
This one was too small for my 9 year old, followed the size chart but still too small.
There is a lot of reading that goes into this. It is fun if everyone can play along...we also changed all of the characters into female...which actually was hilarious! Changed the meal up too! Closer to a 3.7
My kid was king of 4th grade when he gave these out at his class "Friendship Party" (2019 speak for "Valentine's Party"). They were a huge hit with all the kids, boys and girls alike. The sequins are nice, and the fact that the side next to the skin is soft material is nice, but after about a day of slapping that bracelet on, it busted through the seams and I was sewing it back together. It died not long after. So, for a novelty, it's fine, but it doesn't last, so you'd have to be fine with that.
Can not connect to wifi. Killing batteries trying to figure it out. Downloaded app. I don't get no picture or response. Followed instructions as best as explained in manual. White screen. Not happy. Update # 2. Purchased this for my husband. He has had it about a week. I bought the kit with 4 batteries and case. Now sold out. 2 of the batteries will not stay charged. Still can't connect to the wifi. Phone or tablet.
Too much money for this car.
I washed it per the instructions and it fluffed up nicely, minus the knees/elbows. But the seams are coming apart already. My one-year-old played with it very briefly and just flopping down to hug it, not rough enough to pull the seams.
It was smaller than I expected. Color and quality seem good.
I like the size and squish ones of these toys.. the thing I can't get past is the smell. They smell so terrible, I'm trying to find a way to wash the smell off but the smell is so pungent.
Big and kinda loose, and it's as satisfying as you would think
Looks bigger and thicker in the photo
Front landing gear broke right away
Got these for my grandson, I found them hard to snap together. Broke off a hand on one.
Cheaply made but beautiful none the less. Some are bigger than others but some dolls are just too small to fit. Good for the money.
the bottle came scratched and the screw on the stick was not that tight which made the disassemble VERY easy... looked like it was used before and got repacked honestly. It's a great puzzle, don't get me wrong, but the condition was not good...
Thought was cute could have had more with it like an activity game. Or even fake cookie cutters and rolling pins. Just felt it could have more.
Much shorter than I expected
Could be better plastic - just flimsy. Good use for now.
Would be a great variety pack, but the doughnuts have hard plastic sprinkles on them, most of the pieces have a hard plastic piece on them, and the macarons were not very squishy compared to the rest. Our favorite pieces were the cake, ice creams and the slices of cake.
Very small and really bad smell
Worked okay. Stained within two days.
Instruction were terrible . A lot of parts . Instructions especially picture you could hardly see . Does not drive well on grass at all . Only works well on concrete . Speaker is soft you can hardly hear the music
I'm sure the product itself is good but the packaging...not so good. The package was open and all the paints strewn around in the box. Actual paints are smaller than expected as well.
So I like the look of this walker, however it was a little unsteady for learning to walk for a beginner. After my baby started taking steps it was better but still not ideal. We choose to purchase different walker for learning, but I do like a blocks and the storage area.
Fantastic fun for my 4 year old. He needed a little help digging(!). Excellent descriptions and all round fascinating project. However several fossils were missing.
The size was not accurate as described.
The only problem that I have with this is that I would not consider this a "plushie". I think of Ty beanies or a soft valentine's day bear as a plushie. The stuffing in this is hard as a rock and way too much. I'm on the fence on whether or not to re-stuff it myself.
magnets are very small
My Son Loved This, Lasted Only 4 Months, Battery Doesnt Last But 5 Min Now After A Full Charge!!!
It is a nice toy and my kid loves it BUT all the parts are detachable. I have had to search for the wings and the red tail part a million times. Why make a toy where all the parts easily come off?
The game is ok. In the pictures, it looked bigger to me. When I put the sides together it doesn't create a seamless flat surface for sliding the pucks.
These won't last long but six yr old will have fun. She wears them around her neck and tells us what she sees. I would have spent a bit more if there was a better quality available.
Appears difficult for a three year old to master and not what I expected from the picture but it will do for a throwaway gift. Not too bad for the price, I suppose.
This item changes the toggle when you turn the steering wheel. Will not stay where you put it. But my kid loves it anyway. Can't take it to return it. The lights and sounds are great but, would be better if the toggle would stay where you put it.
Size is somewhat large.
did not have to use them
Size not valid, maybe i expected something different
The slide seems to be good quality. The color is definitely lighter in person than it appears in the photo (which I viewed on several monitors). I would rate the shipping as zero stars. This was not wrapped in plastic or covered in any way (other than a random 2 foot stretch of bubble wrap that was taped to the top. The shipping sticker was slapped onto the slide itself. There are large scuffs all over the slide from being tossed around in shipping. They will come off, so I will probably just keep it since it's more of a pain to return. But they really need to re-think how the item is shipped. The slide I would rate a 4 or 5. Shipping is 0.
The legs and arms were off on a few of the turtles when they arrived. We've been able to reattach them, but they keep coming apart as our three year old plays with them. He still loves them; just a little defective.
Remember when trivial pursuit had about 2000 cards, 1000 per box which you could play with friends over and over again? Not this edition... 400 cards, so make sure you read the same card as much as you can. This edition also lost the beautiful pictures on the board, and somehow brown became purple (and the categories got switched up). I still love tp, but if you're looking to replace your 2000 something edition, you will be quite disappointed.
Bought for my 9 year old grandson. It is a little complicated for him. He gets overwhelmed by all the cards. Dad likes it, so we think he will grow in to it. The 12 year old cousins had a great time playing it last weekend.
I thought they were going to be softer
I did not recieve the item that was pictured in the listing. I'm ok with what was sent, either a newer or older version, but it was not as pictured.
These worked fine for my sons Spider-Man birthday party. They were a little big for my 3 year old but we just tied the back. After I purchased them I saw the same ones at Wal-Mart for $4 less... my bad I guess. Check your local Wal-Mart before purchasing because you may find them for under $3!
Paying for the name of Jojo but the bows aren't the best quality.
The chess board and pieces were great however this was purchased for a beginner and the board did not come with game instructions
I got this for my boyfriend's birthday and when it came in the pop itself was fine, but after paying almost $40 and for it to come in with the plastic ripped off of the box and the box itself to be damaged, I'm not that thrilled. This is supposed to be a collectible that many people don't take out of the box. So for the box to be so damaged, I'm pretty pissed.
I was looking to replace my previous sign with something a little less rude sounding, so I picked this one. I was disappointed right from taking out of the box.. 1. it is not made of metal like the last sign I had, it's a pressed cardboard, and two... the other side of the sign is blank, so you can only see this coming from one direction. Now I have to decide it spending another $13 is worth it so it's seen from both ways
This doll is beautiful. Because of this and the sale price, I am returning the one whos packaging arrived smashed up and ordering a replacement. I hope this one arrives undamaged.
Great idea but the balls absorb the water.
Broke after 5 minutes.
Packaging was horrible. The plastic and cardboard were all dinged and ripped and the plastic wasn't even attached to the cardboard. My niece was interested in the doll, but it looked like it fell off the back of a truck and was run over. The other doll I ordered arrived the same way.
Very cute and good idea but cheaply made and feel apart within the first 5 mins.
Worked for 1 night and fell apart soon after
Arrived in plain plastic baggie, no package. Not suitable as gift
I gave this gift to my little nephew and he really enjoyed it. It was a decent bang for your buck.
Very flimsy but great stuff inside
Had to glue the sticks in because they kept falling out.
while this is creepy, and will be a nice addition to my Halloween decor, it is a relatively small spider body
Very cute, my kids are really enjoying learning to sew with these. This particular brand, however, looses the color on the plastic. This is a problem because you need the color to know where to put your stitches. It rubs off over time making it slightly more difficult to figure out where to put what color. But there are other things I like better than other kits. Like the actual metal needle. Others only come with plastic needles. And the holes on this kit are smaller which, in my opinion, makes the finished product look better.
Nothing wrong with the product itself. Be careful though, if you buy this as a holiday gift it comes to your door in its regular box and not in another amazon box. So the person who the gift was for saw it before it could be wrapped. Not happy about that at all.
I kept seeing this toy on various Facebook groups that I'm a part of, and it's often recommended for younger children, so I purchase it hoping my 10 month old could work on her motor skills. She is 100% uninterested in this toy. However, my 3 year old LOVES making the people jump. He also plays with the people in high doll house, so this toys gets a lot more mileage than I had anticipated. As far as the bouncing, they actually can go pretty high into the air. Not the extent that it could hurt anyone though. I stick to buying non-battery operated toys and this fits the bill.
I would not recommend this for children over 5. It is very small. I wound up giving it to my nephew who is under 5.
Nice little tool set, however, the drill does not fit in the tool box. The lights and color are nice but main issue is with the drill.
This is ok for the price. Doesn't light up much and it's very quite. My son isn't very interested in it for these reasons.
Gave to my daughter from the Easter bunny... very cool idea. However, the egg was filled with all boy related items.. Star Wars, toy cars.. etc. nothing really girl related.. I think the company should offer two eggs. A boy one and a girl one..
It's got some quirks to it.. good thing I read the reviews on how to connect the car and remote. Bad thing is that it loses connection when you run into something.
Such a beautiful dress unfortunately my daughter wore it and the top sheer part ripped. Accessories are cheap break easily. The hair clip braid is good quality.
We thought it was a single back drop, not multiple pieces.
Its big and flimsy plastic. could be good for a cosplay though
I love this game, but 20$ for 6 cards and 10 figures is outrages.
These are so much smaller than the ones I had before...
Very cheesy and cheap. However, I refuse to spend over 50 bucks for the other options. I plan on dressing it up with accessories and possibly a skirt. Good enough.
the color is too blue tinted. I thought I can use this for contouring but it's too blue not grey like
It is a really lovely doll my granddaughter loves it
The ring are ok quality - not made of rubber but hard plastic, everything else met my expectations and are a moderate quality. I expect them to last several summers...I don't think the rings will last beyond this summer with regular use. My little boys banged the white pieces off with their creative playing, and they won't work without them. A little gorilla glue or super glue should keep them in for a few more trips to the pool.
After five minutes of play all it wanted to do is go in circles.
I thought it was going to be bigger and thought it came with batteries
Was not what I expected.
Nicely made dress, neckline was off and did not fit properly.
All of the decorative balloons popped when inflating so we didn't have the ones I wanted the most for my daughters first birthday. I would say it's user fault but all of them popped. Also the banner ripped apart when setting up.
The figure was damaged
The toy was traveling in an envelope, and the original box of the toy, has arrived broken and wrinkled, not to give a gift!!! it is a pity!!
Grandson won't take these off but I am afraid they will break at the ear pieces.
Great toy for my son that is obsessed with Sesame Street. It is very quiet. You can barely hear it while the room is silent.
Very cute, fuzzy, soft and much smaller than expected
Ducks are cute, and only one type was repeated. But the bag only came with 49 ducks.
My 6 year old likes it
Cute cars, but too loud. Kids have much better hearing than adults, but these things will make me deaf. I'm opening their cases and putting cardboard over the speaker to make it safer.
Some of the pieces were not glued properly during manufacturing and required re-gluing and modifications. Some of the pieces did not fit properly and required a little modification.
Not the best Splatoon Figure out there. The gun is to small and the hair on the back gets in the way of the Ink Tank. The hands also fall apart way to easy. If you want a posable figure, just wait for the Splatoon Figma.
These only lasted one day at my house. Probably from the kids jumping on them but they worked fine. I will try the old school ones next.
Chair itself is decent but, not worth the price.
It was ok toy for my little one 18 month. We bought it to promote walking and encourage her but she really wasn't into it. Its been months since we bought it and she still show no signs of interest. She keeps taking the back piece of because she loves to push button and take apart stuff. And its annoying to have to take things apart and put it back together. Plus she likes to throw the balls instead of put it in the train. The battery life isn't long (few weeks) if you're using it all the time. I guess depends what battery you use. We used Energizer
Much louder than anticipated. Otherwise, works as expected.
Really was looking forward to this for my little one. The wheels don't run smoothly.
Breaks very easily. We've been through 2 in a few weeks.
Crappy range but they are tuff
They were expensive for the quality.
I ordered this for my grandson for Christmas and was very disappointed when I opened the delivery package to find that the package had been opened and sent to me without even attempting to reseal it. Also, part of the packaging was bent. If pre-opened packaging is sent out, the recipient should get the product at a reduced price.
Room for improvement the remote got water into it and rusted-out
It's super cute but very hard to get the car seat in and out of the base.
Cheaper quality than expected, not as bright as advertised.
Was nice kept falling off my shoulder so i tied it. but a good product
Very flimsy but did the job for Valentine's Day favors
Had a fun time playing however...one die chipped right away. Disappointed.
girls use it but, it's very small for a jewelry box.
Very nice to gift to kids . Super easy
I was pretty disappointed with this abacus. It's very cheaply made and the bids don't stay in place . It makes it difficult to count really. I sent it back.
It bottom cracked after having sand in it
The music box broke. It won't wind up. Music was soft and nice. Baby loved it, but it only worked for about a week. :(
Head falls off but can be put back on. Fun sticking out of my son's stocking on Christmas, but we threw it out soon after.
I grew up playing the original catch phrase which has been a hit with family and friends for many years. I bought this electronic one recently, and I can't help but feel that I wasted money. The words/phrases are just not as fun. There are a lot of current day pop culture references and lots of figures of speech (particularly American ones) that make this particularly unappealing to play when anyone in the group is either not originally from the US, let alone non-native English speakers. This didn't use to be a problem with the original. In any case, I think this will be one of the more infrequently used games we have.
its very cute and my 3 year old loves it, but its not sturdy and moves alot.
Very Very small - like size of my fingernail.
This was a simple game to learn but I thought the questions were very hard. Having people keep rolling the dice when they get a question right can lead to other players getting bored waiting for their turn. Also, having some kind of time limit for answers would help it move along faster.
Overall the chess set is nice, but the magnets are not strong enough for use while travelling in the car. It would be nice if the magnets were stronger.
concept is good but the packaging is a total fail - the bots dont fit back into the box once they are put together. Shame they didnt use the coding approach to the packaging.
These are lovely but just cannot take too much air
In general it is a nice set! One of the microphones had a hole and we couldn't use it.
The ramps broke pretty quickly
I just received this item today. The coat is very cute. But the glasses they look like they've been used, HARD. They are very scratched. I put them on and I can barely see out of them! Send me a new pair, please!
The umbrella broke off and cute my 2 year olds hand. But the other products are great
Daughter enjoys it. Wish it was easier to open, it's difficult to get the shapes out of the whale!
Good product for price. Bought it for my 3 year old.. plastic not very durable...dropped a few times and a few pieces already broken... Wish was one airplane vs multiple pieces...but overall decent..
Cute concept...however the microphone stopped working in just a few days. I wish they made the microphones more durable.
Didn't come with any instructions?? Annoying.
It gets knotted up easily and the ball on the top fell off. Very fun toy though!
I should've ordered these in the winter. Ordering crayons in the summer wasn't a good idea. They were partially melted. Color variety wasn't as varied as I hoped. I don't need white & black. Those are in most standard crayon boxes. Would've preferred more brown tones.
Cute but a few were broken
It is cute, but it's also way overpriced.
Got this for my spouse and 12 yo to practice/get used to hand guns before heading to the range. It doesn't work well or shoot more than 5 feet but will go 15' with elevation. Need to go slow the the charging handle or it will jam. Bullets are soft. Firing spring is okay, low velocity. My 13 yo is getting the point of gun safety. Better to drill in safe handling before giving them the real thing.
Size perfectly for the cards however the plastic is thinner that I find acceptable for Premium sleeves
Lovely Anna from Overwatch!! the only downside was that there was zero bubble wrap or something to protect the pops... just a big empty parcel with 3 pops....
A warehouse deal and it seems cool. I bought as a gift and I think the child will love this. The toy is supposed to make sound and such but it did not. I replaced the batteries and it appears to be working. Maybe that's why it was in the used amazon warehouse but I was able to get it at a deal so I will have one happy kid.
Have yet to see if the battery I ordered works but noticed I received an open item. The package was discreetly opened at the bottom.
Gets hard right away and problems molding it luckily the project for my child was not needing too much clay.
not wide enough had to put two together make it work
Great game for dog lovers. Easy to learn.
we received 10 out of 12.
Leaks, does not hold much, sprays well
Very small and fragile. Definitely only to look at.
Cute hats but definitely not for adults!!!
I had an original cube in the 80's, and I thought it would be fun to play with one again. I didn't want a fancy speed cube, I was just looking for one like the old toy. This one is smaller than the original, and it doesn't feel at all the same. I'll have to keep looking. The little stand is functional but really cheap and flimsy. The logo is only silver on one side, the other two are just molded plastic. I'll probably just put it in the shelf without the stand.
The solar light was broken. I was not able to use it. Everything else was very nice.
Product didn't last. I would Say it's a single use.
I'm very disappointed that upon opening the box, I saw the glue leakage. Thank goodness is in a plastic wrap. Since I'm an international buyer, is not feasible for me to demand an exchange. I'll just deal with it.
So cool! My daughter loves it! We plan to use it for her birthday, so I will update rating after then, with any added thoughts on this product.
these are lovely but my kids usually make a huge chaotic mess with them and lose interest after a few times playing with it.
i would have rated it 4 stars but there was a little to much flaws. first the paint job. yeah a lot of people mentioned it and its not great but better than they say. second they didn't put the handle on. this one annoyed me. they didn't even send instructions.over all its about worth the price but on the edge of bad.
this jag puzzle is still too hard for 2 year old kid to play. My kid lost his interest fast :(
Product feels well constructed and sturdy. However, it comes in an plain white box with a bag of parts and no instructions. Since the box is unmarked, the only way to identify it is to go back and look at your Amazon order...not always convenient. I deduct a point for not including a single piece of instructions or marking on the box. In order to find the mounting instructions, the only option is here on Amazon or another reseller site. There is no manufacturer's support website. So, once this model changes or this supplier stops selling it on Amazon, there will be no instruction sheet nor any online instructions. I nicked it another point for this. I also worry that vibration will loosen the single screw (I wish they'd used both screw holes for stability) mount and make the hook rotate. Time will tell.
Very cute. Does NOT bring balloons. 2stars down for that. I was relying on those balloons
Misleading. Advertises 12" Godzilla with head to tail action/mobility. It only stands 8" tall, which renders the epic battle we intended for our 7yr old son to have with his other 12" Godzilla not so epic.
The parts don't fit together perfectly, and the mold lines could be in a better place
Looks super cute. Bought for my nephew. Status said shipped. I never received a package and then a few days later I got a refund. So.... I'm not sure
Item took over two weeks to be delivered. If I'd known at time of purchase it would be this long, I wouldn't have bought it. Arrived 3 days after it was needed for a party.
Good looking but broken in a week. Quality can be better.
Directions are really complicated.
The wand looks great overall. Pretty cool that the light goes on with a flick. Unfortunately, it doesn't always go off with a flick, and the on/off button doesn't work at all :( Other than that, it was great for my daughter's Halloween costume :)
If you want to use these as outer sleeves then forget it. They are only about half a micron thicker than penny sleeves. I was kind of disappointed at how thin they were. They're really only good for being the inner sleeve in double sleeving applications.
My kids are 8 and 11. They liked this game, but it's pretty basic and can get boring. My youngest was captivated tough and would often play the game by himself with 4 player positions. Since it's so basic, it's a little unrealistic. We ended up also getting the adult version of the game. Adult version is more complicated, but my kids now prefer the adult version over the kids version since it's more realistic. Since the games are both pretty pricey, I'd recommend those on a budget just get the adult version.
As soon as i opened the package, feathers started falling off everywhere! I'm not entirely sure it will even last thru the night of the event I need it for! Also, it's VERY pokey.
The structure of this piece is really good and sturdy. There are also a lot of fun interactive sounds that my kids love. However a lot of cheap materials were used. The boot holds are held together with a cheap felt that stretches too much and the seams are already coming apart in a couple places.
They are perfect as a cake topper but I was really bummed that they were orange. The first few pictures make them look yellow.
Its a cute toy, but sort of strange. I was hoping for more with my purchase but it was slightly disappointing in that it doesn't really do much aside from hang on your finger or make sounds. I know there are jungle gyms etc. you can purchase for these but my cousin was disinterested within minutes. Its okay, but I wouldn't purchase again.
It is cute, my daughter loves it. Just wish it had some quality control so we did not receive a flawed item.
My grandson loves this cube. He is 12 and masters them all pretty quickly. The big problem with this particular cube is the mirror stickers started coming off after Day 2. Had to use an adhesive glue to reapply
Pros - nice beginner set. Like the water base paints and easy clean up. Bought these for my 9 year old granddaughter. The pallet is small but the holes for paint are deep. The paint brushes seem nice. A little disappointed the set is so small. I expected the case to be bigger overall. Thought I should get more for the money.
I'm not used to such large pieces, didn't like it at all. Gave it away.
Cheap, not very cool, and it is rather loud for its size. I would buy more for kids I don't like.
This is the second 4 pack of Thomas Kinkade Disney puzzles I bought. The first one came with 8x10 prints of the completed puzzle, making it easy for my kids to find where a piece belongs. The second set was missing the pictures and the pics on the box are TINY. I am getting a headache trying to use a magnifying glass to see the picture on the box. If they clearly say that the print is included I would order more of these, but otherwise NO. Want family fun not lingering migraines. Besides that omission I really like these sets. The colors are vibrant and they nicely mix the Kinkade technique of capturing light with fun Disney characters. The quality control is poor, but for the price these are otherwise nice puzzles.
The product says it has 30 pieces, I only received 29. However those 29 were pretty good! Nice and squishy good texture no rips great colors and very good variety
My two-year-old LOVES this toy. Three weeks later he still scoots around on it all day long. But the steering wheel is made out of cheap flimsy plastic. I expect it to snap or tear sometime soon with typical two-year-old toddler play. Also the ladders keep falling off. We used zipties to secure them in place.
Fun to play with. But it's a cheap plastic. The mountain is so thin it feels like part of the packaging. Not kid approved. Tracks are a little more sturdy but not what I expected But I love that they glow on the dark.
When you use the remote control the weels on the car don't move smoothly it's a little kind of from position to another very fast
it's very comfortable, but it stinks. It took 3 days and the smell has not passed
Product as discribed, cracks very easily though. Seems cheap
These grips feel slightly cheap but nothing terrible. The trigger stops aren't the best either because the block the press at a deeper point that most others. They are pretty easy to install, but I recommend that you skip them unless you just have to have trigger stops.
This is a cute set, unfortunately the wand broke within an hour. The tiara/crown snaps together which can make it not stay aligned with the headband portion, but you can glue it and it wouldn't be an issue. My daughter loves the cape (it is super long which is exactly what she wanted).
The hoop is pretty decent quality and my kid loves having it in her room. The pump was very cheap and flimsy and both basketballs were misshapen and didn't even last 2 weeks before they were flat and wouldn't hold air. We threw out the basketballs and bought her better quality ones.
Too difficult for the age of child designed.
If my little granddaughter didn't love it so much, I'd send it back. The package looked like it had been opened before (suspect it had been returned) and the Jessie doll keeps coming apart. Her Daddy has to keep putting her back together (thinking of super glue). Disappointed in the quality!!
The item is good material but the head is huge so you have to fill it with foam for it to look good.
Very cute- but butterfly wings were ripped when I opened the box
Ants died after two weeks BUT! they may have been due to a lack of care.
Extremely cheap thin plastic..... you get what you pay for in this case 🤷🏻‍♀️
I got this to use with my patients to help them learn pronouns and the difference between people and thought it would help because Moana is recognizable to most kids - except she doesn't look like Moana. Her face is off. Not bad - it just doesn't look like her.
Once put together the product was great & super adorable. The main problem I had when building the horse was getting the initial poles through the horse. We had to get a rubber mallet to get the pole successfully through the horse due to poor planning on the manufacturer with having screws going through the opening of where the pole is supposed to go through. The pole WILL SCRATCH. Other than that the product was fabulous!
Cute but a lot smaller than I expected for the price
I ordered these for my son's birthday. I tried taping it on the walls but they kept falling down. Even the ones that seemed to be taped on well ended up falling within an hr or two. Very annoying. The only reason for the 3 stars is Bc of the price and I liked the colors.
This was purchased for my 2 boys, when we recieved the track it set up really easy but from the start the police car was alot slower than the red car and the red car was so fast it would jump the track and take off down the house uncontrolled. Then a few days later the police car stopped working completely. Now we have 2 very unhappy little boys that are constantly fighting over 1 working car.
The kaleidoscope works fine but the box it came in was open and had a tear on one side. Clearly, they did not repackage the item well or just don't care.
For the price, it isn't a bad outdoor toy. Yes, it leaks bubble solution. Yes, it gets harder to push after it is used for a while. But it blows bubbles and my child loves it. It lasted a summer which isn't bad for twenty bucks. But I'll have to buy a new one next year.
Wish there was a way to make the gloves fit better so you wouldn't constantly have to keep pulling them up.
Box and doll were scuffed.
Smaller and cheaper than I expected.
Very cute diary! But I thought there would a few prompted pages and then a few blanked lined pages but instead there is about 6 prompted pages and then the rest of the pages are lined and blank well my fault for not checking the reviews and paying attention to the description. Overall this is a cute diary and pen but it's still not what I expected.
It was smaller than I thought it would be. But for a 2 year old, he loved it.
They're smaller than I expected from the photo, but will serve the purpose. I needed frogs as a table decoration.
Nicely sculpted and lots of posable joints but they are too stiff some of those joints would rather break than bend where they are supposed too. Also be careful with the sword it's fragile and breaks easily. Fortunately since they use a ball socket joint system for the most part many of the parts that break off can be popped back in place.
Works for my use on a mobile for display in a child care center.
I wore these a couple of time and they do their job. The bones are not solidly connected to the sleeve so it you get the bones caught on something, have fun.
Everything except the sash was there was super disappointed about that other than that it was good just don't have enough time to order another or return.
Thin no closure but that's good ok for the $
This product was much smaller than I had thought it would be. I bought as a gift for my 7 year old grandson's birthday but I'm afraid he's going to be disappointed with it. Hopefully I'll find one in a store that is bigger and will buy it.
They are cute and sturdy. Although I was shorted one cup.
These are very well made, but certainly not without flaws. I bought them for my sons barnyard theme birthday as favors. He loves all farm animals, but cows are his favorite. There was no cow mask included in this set. Instead, we got two... raccoons? So I guess he can be a chicken. But some of the masks have eye holes that are spaced too far apart to be very functional for my big head so I'm not hopeful they'll work for the children.
I first gave them a one star, because one of them died immediately after the return period ended. It came back to life, so I'm upping the rating to three stars.
These cars are so cool, but not durable at all. I love the concept, but let the car hit one area that is not completely smooth and it falls. They are not built to withstand more than one or two falls. It was a fun 2 hours of play, but then the fun abruptly stopped.
Cute party favors....a bit flimsy, but they are just party favors. Will purchase again.
My 3 year old love fireman Sam but the toys are so cheaply made wish they where better quality
The toy is decent quality. I can tell because the force required to move the parts would break a diamond. My finger tips are sore from helping my child play with it for 20 minutes. The legs do fold up all the way underneath the body, but not easily.
I respect that its not the expensive buy but after two months of use the easel has completely fallen apart. For what its worth though my kids LOVED it. I would definitely invest in higher quality next time.
They look nice but break easily.
I ordered this table and the first one that arrived was broken or just wasn't put together well by the manufacturer from the start. One table leg wasn't able to be tightened on and one of the chairs was seriously dangerous where the seat back attached to the chair... it was loose and the screws couldn't be tightened in completely. To their credit, I placed a request to have a new one sent and I'd planned to return the damaged set. They did a priority shipment and it was delivered the same day. Kudos on that note, for sure. Now, when the 2nd table arrived, I began putting it together. All seemed well, until I got to the last leg of the 2nd chair where there was something wrong with the screw portion that connected it to the base of the chair. Couldn't get it to tighten and stay in with solid integrity. I would have been annoyed enough to send it back and not ask for a replacement the 2nd time, however I hadn't shipped the first defective set back yet. Fortunately, one of the chair legs from the original damaged set, worked perfectly with the new set. So, it's put together properly and is very sturdy. I would recommend this table set because when you get it all worked out and put together properly, it's very sturdy and was ultimately what I was looking for when I originally ordered it. I'd suggest that if you do order this table, if the 1st one comes partially damaged and you order a replacement set, wait to ship the damaged one back until you get the replacement set successfully put together. With 2 sets, you're bound to end up with all the proper functioning parts. It's a great little table and chairs set for the price, and Lord knows, I price shopped the snot out of these things. Seems as if this is a common complaint about this particular table / chairs set... but again, customer service was pretty awesome and they were extremely quick to attempt to rectify the issues. Just heed my advice of not returning until you get one set completely put together successfully. LOL
After reading the reviews, i got this for my neighbors son. When i received it, everything is in Japanese. I sure hope there are instructions inside and in English.
Flimsy attachment section and the foam fell off but I glued it back on and it worked great for a one-night costume at a party.
Look at the size. Not mich bigger than a matchbox car
Not the best walker for hard wood floors, it works much better on carpet especially if the child is just learning how to walk. With a more experienced walker I'm not sure how much better it will work. My niece (11 months) does however really enjoy the front! I love the encouraging words and the bright colors it has. I just wish the wheels were a different material, making it safer for hardwood floors, because these wheels are way too slippery.
It is model magic, nothing fancy. A little pricey for the amount, but I only needed it for a short time.
Where's the remote control it's supposed to come with as advertised in the photo; outside of using my phone?
tires are small. put them on my rustler good traction for the most part. pretty soft for my high bite track. plastic low quality, stripped hex out after a few weeks and cracked the rims after a few hard landings. pretty good for price though, the will need to be glued, not a big deal.
Item is ok, wish the peg board was not foam. It isn't very sturdy, especially when my daughter wants to stack the pegs high. However, seller was awesome in following up with me and making sure I was completely satisfied with my overall buying experience.
Just gave this to my 3 year old grandson. He loves trains. Sadly there were some pieces missing so we had to improvise the track set up. Also the magnets are very weak. They do not hold together going uphill or around curves. He sometimes gets frustrated by this but overall he is happy.
This is very hard to hold and crank at the same time. An adult has to hold it before a child can even crank it. Making it very disappointing to play with.
The set didn't come in a box, and the shipping label was just stuck on the Lego box. We keep the boxes, at least to the more expensive sets. So this was a disappointment. Luckily our son wasn't home at the time it was delivered since it was a gift for him!
You have to put it together yourself and the gold is alittle dirty and dark ish
I got these for my son as a gift. He has been wanting to try them so I hope he enjoys them as much as he expects to.
It's supposed to come with batteries but apparently mine are dead and there is no instruction on how to replace them. My son is very excited at the look of it but the fact that it doesn't work is a Christmas let down.
good idea, but hard for little hands to get together - my kids get frustrated and give up about 2 minutes in
thought the height would be 12" instead of the length
My daughter looks so adorable in this but unfortunately it's cheaply made. By saying it's cheaply made I mean the stitching is terrible and pulled apart on the first day she wore it, the zipper that's on the butt cane apart from the fabric and had to be sown. If it was sown better it would be a great product.
A bit too easy to pull on and off.
My 4 year old grandson loves these marbles; however, when they arrived 2 of the marbles were broken.
I wish there were more stickers!
Very cool dragon design. Fun to play with.
Great figure but limited in articulation. This is mostly due the bulky shoulders and how deep the hand pegs are in. I recommend taking the shoulders off before posing Another issue is the hand for holding the weapon isn't very tight, which is an issue because you only get the one weapon holding hand. The head is also an issue with the four hairs at the back always getting the the way. It's a great design and will stand out, but not the best figure for posing from the waist up
I wanted to like these but they are so cheap looking. I would be embarrassed to give them as a gift.
They are okay. For the price its great but the actual quality is fair. The toys unlink and fall apart fairly easy. The material is quiet thin so they break very quickly. My son did like them but was easily distracted by other toys in the vicinity.
They are tiny- thought this was the sets we have already, they do not work together.
It works great but can't wash easily It had left of ink when I trying to my nail
I've been wearing this for a few months straight now. Night in and night out, I take a horse and carriage ride through Central Park. I've heard those trips as supposed to be romantic, but so far I have no luck to report. I think I need to find a carriage that doesn't use blinders on their horses so these horses can get a good look at me in the mask and maybe then I'll get lucky.
I was very disappointed with this. It doesn't work the way it looks in the commercials. Its as if its too flimsy for the plastic to stand the way you want it to. Then the pen just stopped working after 2 min. I don't recommend this product to anyone. I love the idea behind this so much that I will give another brand a chance.
I have 3 of these, one of which came with the transmitter, and i ordered two separately. I have no issues or complaints with the first two. They function exactly as they should and work well. However, the third one arrived broken. It did not light up or respond at all to anything and simply wouldn't turn on when plugged in. Overall a decent product when they work, but a 2/3rd success rate doesn't earn a rave review.
A bit cheaply made. I was looking for something sturdier and long lasting.
tried to glue them down to my teeth and did not stick very well. I used denture glue and it seem to work well.
Top of box a little damage but funko looks awesome out of the box
Bought it to practice my soldering. Went together and worked as expected however the plug part broke right away. Not a big deal, I wasn't going to use it for anything other than the practice
Paint job was very bad
This gun was working for the first 5 months that i had it. it didn't work because when i fired the bullets the case DID NOT TURN!!!! the gun was pretty good until it stopped working. not bad, but not good either.
The only thing I disliked was the fact not a single bit of bubblewrap nor any form of protection was inside. I also collect the boxes of these figures, so the fact my figure was sloshing around inside a larger box allowed some sage to happen to the figure box itself.
Not difficult to install but the structure isn't sturdy. Keeps falling apart with light pressure. Very engaging toy but easy to outgrow unless you keep adding tracks. It spreads out large and takes too much space.
This was a challenging puzzle, but when complete, we found 4 pieces missing and one piece that didn't go to our puzzle. I know that it's still over 99% all there, but not what I expected. The box and puzzle arrived intact with the expectation that all of the pieces would be in the plastic bag. We are confident that the missing pieces didn't wander away from our puzzle table.
Was disappointed that I didn't know how to make it, thank God YouTube had my back!!
This toy is cute and it does some cool stuff. However, it is very small. To me, it is not worth nearly $100. This was something my son wanted for Christmas, but I was disappointed overall.
The balls don't stick very well. But the kids still managed to have a good time with it. Too expensive for what it is, but we brought it for a community event so hopefully it will last a few years.
I was expecting a large lego package. Guess I didn't read the description well. Seems expensive for what I received. The Batman superhero Lego was the same size but was $7.99
can be dangerous when kids play with it as it can hit other kids in the face/eyes
Part are not hold in place
This looks awesome, flies decent but beware it came broken and a trip the hardware store and a little finagling was needed to get it up and going
Little hard to see ..dark screen
arrived with 2 lights not working. Returning and purchasing another in hopes it works properly this time.
The skirts were as expected I guess! However the flowers were too smashed.
I wish it came with more cups I have to buy extra
Says it was an adult toy but no adult can walk under it. Great for kids tho
too heavy for a baby
Baby did not like it
The sounds are good and LED's are bright, but it barely moves forward. The walking is so slow and ineffectual enough that the "top race" name is laughable.
Love the idea of the bridge that can raise and the gates. But the crank is too hard for a kid to operate. And they should have made it so a track/train can fit under.
This is basically your typical, small Halloween goodies to give away. There are paper mask that you have to string yourself and Halloween tattoos. Lots of rings. There are three moving figures that were a big hit, but broke easily. Overall a good variety, but a bit pricey for stuff you could get at the Dollar Tree.
Be careful with babies, cause it's not safe for kids under the 2 y.o. It's made of wood. I recommend buy plastic cart for babies.
The box was in poor condition, but the doll was perfect. As a collector I was disappointed
Its nothing like the original, but the kid I bought it for enjoyed it!
Love spikeball. Had to buy these last minute but one of the balls had a hole in it and deflated.
My 5yr old loves them thru just look kinda cheaply made
The water connection system is semi functional. The lines blow APART. A repair kit with non plastic connections would be an ideal fix.
I love this pop..ive been wanting it for a long time. My order was delayed, delivered substantially later than expected (even with Prime) and the outer box was destroyed. The Pop box has a little air bag around it but the Pop box was broken in a lot of places that made no sense based on the outside box. The price is great, but you kinda get what you paid for. If you're very much into the condition of the box, i'd think twice.
Very nice,I love it ,but very bad quality 😔
Ok price, very cheap material
its okay its not as i guess.... not as a good fidget toy as others are so,.... dont expect much like i did from the pictures. as well as you have to play a lot for these
Really bad quality, had to return them :(
Bought it for my nephew who was really interested in beyblades. The arena was simple to assemble. The grabbing arms at each end do add interest to the game but not much. The beyblades themselves are not great. We played 10 rounds and they never fell apart! The winner was just the one left spinning - always the green one. The blue one had some wild orbital motion that encouraged hits but they never flew apart. My nephew was really disappointed.
These worked out pretty well- I liked all the different options. However, many of the glow sticks when cracked didn't work and there were some pieces missing while others had more than shown.
My kids loved them, however the magnets aren't that strong. They don't stick well together, my children had a rough time stacking them upwards.
Purchased for school gifts. Small and some tended to come apart but they were cute.
We loved the balloons, the only sad part was that it didn't come with the number 5 which was the main reason why we purchased it.
Green eggs are dark green, "brown" eggs are orange. They are not as pictured.
Smaller than I thought.on the outside of them are very sticky
The toy is good, just one of ducking mouth doesn't light up when arrive.
2 of the Birthday banner balloons were not sealed and couldn't be blown up. I had to try to tape them with clear packing tape. And 2 others (one confetti) broke as soon as they started blowing them up. Didn't work well. A paper I closed said to contact them if issues but no email or phone number. A lot of balloons for the money but disappointing the banner didn't look better for this special 1st birthday party.
It didn't arrive. It was lost or damaged. Will reorder.
For the price I would expect more cards. Great cards though
Quality isn't that great and it was sort of hard to put together and it falls apart a lot
The cards have have power on them.
I wasn't anticipating this bad to be so "satiny" which really isn't my taste. It does deceiving fit a lot more than it looks like it will, so I will be keeping this bag for that purpose. I don't know how easy it will be to clean yet...
These wheels are tiny, much smaller than i expected, other than that they seem really well made
Like most of Sphero's licensed Star Wars products, this is another cool idea that is at best gimmicky and at worst a failure in execution. It comes close, but ultimately is cumbersome, weak, erratic, and unpredictable. Like Sphero's BB-8 and R2-D2 app-connected "droids," it's another mildly amusing novelty that's good for maybe two plays before it's put away in a drawer and forgotten. As an inert Star Wars costume accessory, however, it's GREAT. Thank goodness it was only $13.
This is a put it together your self. It will be great for my daughter, but not what I was hoping for. Looks good and I. But I won't know till Christmas day, if she likes it.
cheap bot you get what you pay for to there credit they were going to let me return it but i keep it so it must not be that bad!
The arms broke on the 1st day but the watch works fine
Did not like puzzle material. When taking apart the pieces split apart.
Didn't realize it was this small thought it would be bigger
Smaller than expected
The only thing we didn't care for is the sides are kind of flimsy otherwise we really like it.
I have only used it one time so far, it was OK
Cheaply made. Some of the LEDs stopped working the first day. Also, it doesn't seem possible to change the batteries. On the plus side, the seller has been very proactive to remedy the problem, offering a replacement or refund.
It's so cute, but unfortunately the battery died within 3 weeks.
My 6 year old son enjoys playing the video game Splatoon. He asked to this male Splatoon character and enjoyed it as a Christmas gift. It is smaller than what I had expected.
I purchased this for my grandson's birthday. One of the fish was completely defective making an incomplete alphabet. As the kids played with it another came apart. I do like the sturdy storage container.
Super soft. Super cute. Ok quality. The only complain I would have to make is The scent is not very nice, A weird scent infused with a chemical smell. Otherwise soooo soft. slow rise squishy.
Decent costume, bought for my 8 yr old. The knee pads that come with are worthless, way too big, they didn't even fit around my 12 year olds leg. So I had to purchase something else that would work. Helmet was deformed and was uncomfortable to wear.
just ok, low quality
Big into Corns and had high hopes, however the periscope like vision out of the corn's nostrils impeded my mystical adventures. The noxious chemical smell inside this mask overcame me and I awoke in a buckwheat field, providing a honeybee safe harbor on my hoof and then endured a rain shower. I would not recommend this mask. Unicorn nose vision is unpleasant as is the brain cell loss from the vapors this mask gives off.
It does keept keeps my LO entertained for a while but the rattle barely makes noise. The socks keep coming off.
Pretty cute as just a monkey stuffy. I don't think it really looks like George though. Haven't been able to find one that does, which seems crazy considering how popular he is. Overall this is a cute product though!
Thank you for the Charmander pop figure one of my favorite Pokemon
PROS Very sturdy material. Will easily hold up to average sized adults. Spins easily. CONS Little too short Doesn't slide well The learning "tricks" advertisement is mostly BS I bought this for my 6 yo daughter because she is learning to snowboard and wakeboard, and I thought this would be a good practice tool. She also has some issues with ankle strength due to medical issues, and I thought this might be a fun PT tool. Out of the box she was excited about, because it does look cool. The shape is okay for practicing balance on a hard surface, but that's about the extent of the capabilities. It doesn't work well on carpet, and will scratch a hardwood floor, so keep that in mind. It will spin like the videos show, but it also a little small for even a 6 yo to sit on. We tried to use it as a training tool for wakeboarding in the yard, but the surface is not slick enough to slide across grass (even down a fairly steep hill). It may work okay as a tiny sled in snowy conditions, but it's not really big enough even for a 42 lb 6 yo to sit on while sledding. As I mentioned above, it is quite durable. I'm slightly over 200 lbs, and it holds me up fine. The stuff about practicing skateboarding tricks is mostly marketing bunk. The package shows kids performing ollies on the board, but you can't get this board off the ground by flipping down on the tail, even if you're not standing on it.
Was able to snap them into place where they belonged but, one of the legs, when you turn the wrench it starts to push the anchor out of the wood once it gets to a certain point. No big deal, but definitely not something I was really wanting to have to do.
Returned and reordered. Package had obviously been opened and retaped poorly. I dd not open it and will order a new one.
I bought the XL for my full grown yellow lab and it was too small.. this is definitely not for large dogs...
Unfortunately, the puzzle was missing the top two pieces on the right side. They are connecting pieces and highly unlikely I could have lost them. I kept looking for them the entire time I was putting it together. I think that they were just not put in the plastic bag when they were packaged. The puzzle is cute and fun to work on but I wish there was a larger picture to look at while putting it together. I have bought other puzzles from this company because of the good price. I cannot find out where to send the company a message about the missing pieces but maybe they will see this.
Not sure how much it helped
OK product, seems to be cheap quality.
Nice kit but when arrived the package was beat all to Hell and o e of the runners was broken and a few parts were loose Thankfully the parts were still ok. Arrived a few days sooner then expected
The hat had a hole in it when we received it but there was not enough time to exchange it before Halloween. The hat is also so poorly made that it doesn't stand up. We stuffed a small towel in it to help. The jacket and shirt are one piece. I was pleased with the quality of it. It does come with a beard but my son didn't want to wear it due to sensory issues. This set does not include pants. Overall, I do recommend it for a lower budget costume. My son loves Abraham Lincoln so he also enjoys it. Just wish the hat was better.
They were small. Read the fine print.
i never written a review for a product given all the other reviews that mirrored my own impressions but this one needed some feedback for the manufacturer. this portfolio appears to be well made with tough and thick polyester and large zippers. the main issue for me is the shoulder strap was missing and the replacement portfolio amazon sent was also was missing the same strap. i will keep the replacement even though it's missing the strap and harvest a strap from one of my other bags, only because it's seems to be otherwise worth keeping at the $20 price paid.
You have to assemble yourself and it can come apart easily. Legs on these dolls come a apart.
I bought these for my granddaughter. I was disappointed in the quality and the pictures of the animals were very cartoonish. For the price I expected better quality and durability.
Not quite as strong as I thought it would be. Okay for now as a stroller, but sure how it will do when a toddler tries to ride on it.
When turned on, it continuously makes the dinosaur sound. My 19mo immediately learned how to turn it off on his own because if how annoying it got. BUT it walks and makes noises as advertised and my son does like it.
I ordered the 12 inch Hei Hei pictured with grey legs/feet and made with fabric having a little shine with feathery look around the neck and got a different one made completely of velvety fabric and only 10 inches. It's cute. I'll keep it because I don't want the hassle of sending it back. Bottom line....it's not what I ordered.
Smaller than expected but that's my fault for not reading reviews and the description. Had I realized the size before I I purchased, I wouldn't have. My only complaint it that the top comes off so you can get the shapes out, but my one year old will never leave to top on to play. I set the top on for her to play. She likes it and starts to play but then as soon as she tries to get the beads the top lifts off. Wish it had a false bottom instead of a removable top.
The holes on the legs don't align up right so it's a little off but the doll fits fine and my daughter is happy.
A little hard and flimsy to use...but very educational info about each experiment!
They are more rigid than I expected and more like plastic than rubber. Flat on the underside and hollow.
Packaging was damaged... my son probably won't notice but it's not how I want to present a gift. We kept it
Very fun toy, but the plastic smell is horrible!
Haven't had a chance to try the potato clock yet. Hoping it will help my 5th grader with his science project. Deliver with no box, just stuffed in a plastic bag.
The helmet I received was bent toward the center and made an oval opening instead of a round opening
Great in theory, but it ended up being more complicated to assemble than one that I made from scratch with my older child. It would have been helpful if the strings were precut to the required lengths. The finished product looks good though.
Worked fine. Except for balloons most of them popped within an hour of putting helium.
Difficult to recharge
2 of the 4 clickers didn't make noise. Tried to put the handle through the holes and the pad split apart at the seam. I was able to push it back together, although, not sure how long it will last.
It was missing the accessories
This was cute but a bit of a pain to piece together. I wish it would have come already assembled. But it made for some fun pictures.
Doesn't hold but one of my kids spinners
Works good to hold your battery. A little hard to get on and off. Also starting to show stress marks and I'm sure its just a matter of time before they crack.
The button jams on me and I have to push hard on the trigger. It is fun to shoot when it does shoot properly. My 5 yr old loves the glow darts. He loves the gun also.
Very, very cheap. These were used for my daughter's Breakfast at Tiffany's party. We intended on handing them out as favors but they were too cheap for that. You can't see through them at all and they are flat and cheap. Think way cheaper than anything you would even find at the dollar store. We ended up using them as props on the table which worked amazingly well so not all was lost. But do not buy these if you intend on having people actually wear them.
Dress was Beautiful! A little disappointed that the tool layer was so much longer than the rest of the dress. It tore up our first night wearing it!
The dice were nowhere near as brightly colored as the picture suggests. They're still cool, but very disappointed.
This item was okay. Much smaller than expected. It moves nicely but the packaging and product was dirty and had to be washed once removed from the package.
Good pins.. obviously fake.. but what do you expect for the vault.. bought 2 sets.. probably about 15-20 had nothing to do with Disney. Some of them look like they could be authentic but you can tell they are fakes.
Received this item and my daughter was very happy to finally get it, as we are putting this item together there is a piece missing. once pieces are snapped into placed its kinds hard to take apart to send back for a replacement. my dollhouse came without the 4th floor level, sad to say
surpised that this floatie faded after a month. i'd expect a pool floatie to be more durable.
This makes my kids laugh because they make it say silly things, but there is a lot of feedback and high pitched noise when the robot plays back.
Smaller than expected! Cute but runs small
I ordered these for my grandson as he loves power rangers and his brother broke his figures. When I received my order they were individually wrapped and two had parts not attached. Just not the quality I was expecting but it was shipped promptly and I will have it before his birthday.
Cheap plastic - product works well enough for the 18 month old I purchased it for, however I bought purple and I got pink. Will not buy from this seller again.
The ones that worked were great. Some didn't even work
They were adorable and a great size for table decor. The area to attached together didn't hold well so I had to use a paper clip to keep them open. They worked out fine!
Some of the bags had only one handle
Product arrived just now damaged on one edge of the board because the cardboard box it ships in is too weak to protect the contents. I am disappointed in the value / quality of the board for the price - pretty flimsy - I would suggest half the price! I also suggest better (heavy duty cardboard) shipping carton.
A couple of the items are very nice and I can't wait to use but some of it is very poor quality but overall decent for the price.
It is soooo loud! I wish there were volume settings.
comes in a bag not what i expected since this was a gift paint was chipped.
Definitely not close to 6' tall as advertised. Also it's a bit flimsy, I was hoping it'd be thicker. Probably better for a child, teen or petite person.
3 stars because some pieces are either not cut straight, dont lay flat, or have slight chips. also, its base was not level and would wobble - had to sand it down a bit. any way, i would still recommend this - i enjoy the contrasting colors. an f.y.i to use caution when unwrapping its packaging as you may be working on this puzzle sooner than anticipated lol. i also suggest resisting the urge to look at the solution; all pieces are exactly the same and youll find some similarities or patterns as you construct - make the brain work.
Children enjoyed it the squirted was hard to put in and it did not stay in. If there was a clip so it would stay in would make it a 5 out of 5
Simple game easy to learn and reasonably fun and quick to play. Don't think it will be a favorite, but expect it will get played enough to keep around. Not to tedious for mom and dad to play, which is always a bonus.
Ripped within the first 24 hours she had it on. It was really cute abs they did refund my money without any hassle, so that's why I gave them 3 stars instead of 1 or 2.
My Gran Son loves this action figure, he treats it like a regular toy but it parts are small because it's a small action figure, easy to break and more like a action figure just to look at not to play with.
Super cute but the product was so tiny
Needed to modify front a-arms to fit 2wd slash. Need to order oil as well.
Balloons dont stay inflated very long especially the confetti ballons. Have a very paint chemical smell when theyre first opened. Overall a decent purchase.
I purchased three of these at the mall and loved them. I needed one more so I purchased a few from here. WOW!!! What a let down of quality. I am disappointed in these vs the ones I got for 14.99 at the mall
Beautiful doll. Made of a hard plastic and I was expecting a soft life like vinyl. Also the color of the dolls skin is somewhat odd to me. For the price I am disapointed.
The pop arrived as stated but there was damage to the box the collectible was in
It's good for gr8 time passing for kids worthy for the price
Torn on what to say. The figure is awesome. The packaging sucked. Both boxes crushed and no padding.
Loved the speediness of delivery. It took longer to add the add ons. In face, they are all still in the box.
3 star for product quality - have low expectations 1 star for delay in delivery - the package was “lost” I read the reviews and they helped in using the tumbler. The product delivers pretty well Target users: for kids - NOT for amateur rock enthusiast (those need a better quality / more expensive product) Assembly: super easy Noise level: tolerable considering you've got rocks tumbling inside Defect: the cover of the yellow case may have small Leaks; you have to make sure to align the lines well We decided on low key use and did not run it continuously especially given reviews of motor dying fast. Couple of hours each Day is as much as we are going to push it; will take ages to get to the gem quality but so be it :)
Very thin plastic not very sturdy and easily be bent. My kids still used them for their card collections but I was a little disappointed with the construction. They probably won't last very long with boys.
The block set is about half the size as the normal ones sold like this, and since it used for infants, it worried me that my kid may possibly fit the blocks in his mouth. Not a great Christmas present.
All the pieces were loved by my daughter Whom is 4 but we did have to glue the bow back on the glove. It arrived already fallen off. For what we paid you could get some good wear out of it!
Strong but smaller than I expected.
It's a really cute concept! The chemical odor was so strong when we opened the package, we had to leave it outside to off-gas for a few days before we could use it.
Very very cute but has a hole in neck. Have to return because it's out of stock
Some of their faces seamed like a knock off toy, I didn't buy the cheaper one for that same reason because people said that's how it looked. 🤦🏽‍♀️
It's simple and cheap makeup which is great for kids, thats about it.
Loved the subject matter...didnt like the piece configuration...duplicates
This was not what I was expecting. The diagrams are not kid friendly and difficult to understand
My girls liked but not as well made as I had hoped. Few already lost arms. Cracked.
seems like good quality but is frustrating to play if you are used to normal monopoly because the colors for both the money and the property's have been changed and can throw your game off. also it does not come with the normal amount of houses and hotels.
One busted within hours of receiving them. The other 3 are still usable. Not the best quality, but I'm prepared for that based on the cost of the product and material used.
No information included describing the planes
Not what I expected. Geared for much younger than my 5 year old.
About 1/4 didn't stay inflated which was a bummer but we made it work! Used as centerpieces
These gloves are huge - they fit my hands !
Kids enjoyed some reload issues but we'll worth the cost ,fast shipping
One leg shorter than the other
So my kid loves it. It was a last minute stocking stuffer, an impulse buy. and its the item hes played with the most. EDIT: took 2 stars off, because the batteries in the robot die way too quickly
Make sure you are aware of the size. I expected a teddy four times bigger than this one.
I love this case. It's exactly what I wanted to store my cards and it does that great. However, every time I open it, a horrible chemical smell radiates out of it. It makes your cards smell like the chemical too.
Pro: decent legos, compatable with lego brand. Con: arrived cut open and missing pieces. I did not bother opening the box since they were for Christmas and we hid the box upon arrival. I opened the box the week of Christmas and was disappointed. If I opened them sooner, I would have returned for a full (new) set.
Great product but the basketball hoop does not inflate all the way.
They're much smaller than I expected
I purchased this car for my 6-year old son. He uses it for play. He's enjoyed driving it up and down our street. I like that it has a built in rechargeable battery. The camera is a key differentiator compared to other products. It's fun to watch someone else drive the car through the app. However, my son seems a little young for getting the most out of the camera. For my purposes the image is also a bit to grainy.
Costume was ok but I thought it was a tank as pictured and liked the uniqueness of it. Instead it was just like any other black panther costume and long sleeve. Being in az it's too hot for that right now :/
The deck box was severely damaged. Not sure if it was during shipping, but I had to improvise to give this as a presentable gift. Shipping was timely and no other issues besides damaged box.
The fit was awkward and it was definitely costume looking. My fiance kept calling me Woody 🤣
These were better than I expected but the release button broke and now it can't fire without the cylinder popping off
It's hot to the touch and hot when you first use it but I it doesn't feel as hot on the back...
I'd give this 5 stars but the way it arrived was disappointing. They folded it and where is creased the diamonds won't stick. Other then that this is a super fun craft. I'm prepared to fix the e's after reading reviews that they don't look correct.
my shower came out to be everything i wanted!!! the decorations were actually perfect.. the props are very small but they were just an extra for me.... the only bad thing is that the ballons some of them came out damage.. when i took them to inflate, lots of them came out with a hole... so i had to buy more at the store.
It good on the road.
Adorable joke but too big for children under 10
Did not get the colors shown in the picture on the computer.Grandkid were disappointed.
Sizing was off. But does the job for my daughter.
Bought for my 4 year old niece. It was a bit difficult for her to do on her own and some of it required my help, in spite of the age recommendation, but she really enjoyed mining for the stones. Make sure to do it outside as it is very messy. The kit loses stars in my opinion because some of the knot tying is extremely challenging and could barely be done by adults, let alone a 4 year old. My niece still wears the necklace in spite of the slightly askew knots.
Cute skirts for dress up!
These are not your typical nerf darts. These have a harder plastic tip that deliver quite the sting when struck. These are strictly for target practice and my kids are not allowed to shoot each other for this reason. Also, by target practice, I mean outdoors. My son broke my blinds by shooting one of these darts at it!!
This is a gift so I cannot speak on how well it comes out once completed. However the materials are good, but not the same quality as similiar kits I've spotted in craft stores. This was worth it due to a sale, but I would not pay full price.
Interesting concept, in a well made, colorful toy. The problem is that the concept is more interesting than the execution. Execution of some of the challenges seems to depend on random, uncontrollable factors. Might be of interest to physics-oriented adults, but young kids quickly get bored with it, and either toss it aside, or take it apart.
Little disappointing. Too babyish for a 5 year old birthday party. One set only has 4 hoops, so need at least 2-3 sets.
I think this is a great idea! My only complaint is that my magic marker leaks like crazy. I don't know if mine is just defective or if they are all like this.
Love the colorful puzzle but made cheap
Company was quick to replace the one I received with the leg sewn on backward. The product is as cute as the photo. Look at the marketing photos of the toy with the children for a better representation of the actual product. The main picture looks much cuter than it is.
Smaller than what it looks like, but got power 🔋
Cute doll, but I was very disappointed when I realized that she doesn't really drink and pee like the other baby alive that eat and poops and it needs the diaper changed. Her body just makes the sound of the water dripping.
I got this to put into my 6-month olds Easter basket and am not the biggest fan of it. I thought it would play music too but it doesn't. It is a really cute little drum and ideal for a toddler. I really love the bright colors; very eye-catching for a baby. One of the features I like about it is that there is a place to keep the drum sticks. On each side of the drum, you can slide them in place preventing your little one from losing them. It is very simple and simply makes a basic thump noise when you hit it. It's durable, lightweight, and is a good first drum set. It's easy to clean; there aren't a bunch of cracks that will hold junk. I really do like it, just think it is a tad bit overpriced. Other than that, it is a really cute toy for a younger child.
Kind of flimsy. Northern and Southern Hemispheres frequently out of alignment. It's ok... not great by any stretch.
Didn't arrive in its original packaging. It's in a brown box. Not a great presentation for a 5 year old.
Alright pulls I still feel like the box was tampered with
My boy loves it but pieces are not water resistant enough, with little wet hand can make the top paper come off easily, not sure if I still can return them :(
It's ok for a beginner to practice their skills. Very basic parts and pretty ill fitting with is a lot of filling required. Now I understand why Japanese made kits of the same size cost 3 to 4 times more.
The tanks works great. I'm giving it 3 stars because the infrared is not good. if the cannon is not directly pointing to the other tank, it still tagged it as a hit. turret turn is limited to 180 degrees.
Would have given 5 stars however the frame doesn't stay together well, I had to glue the base together to keep it together. That being said we purchased it for our 2 mini-pigs. They love it.
Hard to put on curved screens. I broke the first one since it was slightly off the screen so it had a long crack. Second kept getting dirt under it after 2 months. Wish they had a better way to protect the screen while staying thin.
It was cute but did not last long It did not stay inflated for long
It works well on some plastics not so on others.I prefer plastic epoxy.
The overall package was good however the gender reveal balloon was very sensitive even though we didn't fill it up with that much air and popped before we got a chance to put it out on display and ruined the reveal.
I bought this, followed the directions to a t and waited. It didn't take long until I had many baby sea monkeys swimming around. Once they were about a week old, I fed them for the first time. Soon after, I noticed the population went down. I continued to feed them weekly and noticed less and less sea monkeys in the tank. Finally, I didn't see any left. I let the tank sit a few weeks and then noticed several adults and babies swimming around. I can only conclude that the food kills the babies. Now, I have four adult sea monkeys and haven't seen any babies for over a month. I would stop putting food in but I'm afraid that will kill the adults as well. I'm going to try experimenting with other food to see if I can grow the population.
the response time and electrical contacts need some rethinking
It would be so much better if the head was attached. It's heavy and annoying to my little boy
Clips fit the posts as they are supposed to, but the shelving slid right over them! They are not thick enough to fit tightly inside the tapered tubes on the shelves..... I had to wrap layers of vinyl tape over them to keep the shelves from bypassing them.... My previous older clips provided a VERY SNUG, SECURE fit....
Love the idea of an actual search and dig. But it turned out to be alot smaller than i first thought.
My biggest complaint is real woman can't wear these they are child size. I have small fingers ring size 6 and could barley wear on pinkie finger. But cute and lots of color
Cute costume. Bad side.... costume runs very small but boot covers rubbery big. So my daughter can wear the costume but not the hoot covers. Bummer.
I was impressed with the number of stickers that came in this pack for the price. However, each and every sticker contains the words "Made in China" - disappointing.
There a little cheap but they're fun to play with
I thought these would be colorful when you looked through them, unfortunately they are clear. Not what I expected. Colorful on the outside, not when you look through them. Pretty boring.
better ones on the market
This figurine's arm socket broke after a couple hours of play. This isn't the only figurine my daughter has, and she's genuinely gentile with these toys. They all break very easily. Probably great for unused collector toys, but not so much for real kid play.
This product say no DYI needed, but you do have to do some cutting. The Banner does not come has picture. It comes with one long string 2 long string of those small round hanging thing. Each string has only about 22 circles, which is a lot less than what is on the picture.
This was a nice baseplate. It was a pretty true color grey. The only problem for me was that it was too thin and would not fit well with my other base plates. Also not stackable.
Slide arrived and box was slightly damaged. Finally got around to assembling and found that I'm missing most of the bolts, nuts and washers needed for assembly.
I'm so bummed! I bought a brand new game (amazon.com was the seller) & it's missing the bag for the stones & the instructions. I've watched a few youtube videos on people playing but I'd like to read the instructions so I can make sure we're playing correctly. Amazon is shipping me a replacement, so hopefully that one is complete. I will say, the artwork & quality of the game is very nice for the price. The opalescent stones really do appear like an opal/moonstone & they're pretty. I thought the stones were going to be made of glass, but they're all made of plastic.
It's a good tool.... u have to use the Internet and some videos to help ya
The puppet was good, but within the first week, rips and holes formed inside the puppet. Just make sure to be careful.
My son love this gun...but it seems to jam and not shot and we have to mess around with it to get it to work again is this normal?
Well it's pretty cute. Unfortunately doesn't quite look that much like a raccoon. It does but it doesn't. And it's pretty small
Low rating due to wrong item sent. Discription does not match at all. Amazon made it right but we were still bummed out
didn't work; too much trouble to return
We bought two of these for our twin gender reveal. When we blew them up right before the party, one had a small hole and we had to tape it! :(. Otherwise, I would have given these 5 stars. They were HUGE and the confetti was easy to dump in with the little baggies it cane in.
Super cheesy. But cute for the little kids.
Pen is way too bulky for my daughter to properly be able to place the beads. She was disappointed with that aspect, but it wasn't awful. She just had to place the beads individually with her hand. If she slipped up, she'd have to start over...but that was still better than using the pen.
Its OK but when it came in the bottle was only 3/4 full but I applied it to my moyu speed cube and it made it turn much smoother not faster but smoother.
It's very nice but I have seen it several places for a lower price.
Pros: Easy to assemble, Looks cool and handles realy well and the kids love it. It's small enough that the kids can ride it all over the house Cons: 1 wheel drive, peddles too small and no brakes
Great value and my students love these for their word work. I do wish they were a little more durable but my students due tend to be a little rough with manipulatives.
A little slow when the lights are not one. Batteries wear out pretty quick . Definitely an ugly dog in bad need of a hair stylist!😂😂
When received it was falling apart and I had to super glue back together. I didn't feel like sending it back so I fixed it up myself.
As expected, meets the product description.
It's a good thing the person I'm giving this to likes to take her Pops out the the box. If this was going to a more serious collector, it would be worthless. The box is bent, torn, and otherwise damaged on every corner. Pop figure inside appears to be undamaged.
Very small for the price.
Just wish the instructions for solving was written better
I should have paid closer attention to their size. A little small for my toddler.
It's pretty and my 5yo really likes it, but it actually doesn't hold much. The drawers a really small and none of them will fit her hard plastic bracelets and large bead necklaces.
not worth the price, was expecting more
The triceratops grabbers do not work. All over the heads are too heavy for the sticks they came on. If I had bought them for a party I would have been out of luck but I just bought them to be silly with my daughter and husband.
It's as advertised. I just had to knock some stars off because my box came pretty beat up. It was a birthday gift for a good friend and having to wrap this up in a beat up box is going to make it look kind of second hand.
I did like the number of pieces that came with the product & it's not a bad kit but I it does look cheaply made. I saw other name brand products for around the same price I wish I had purchased instead.
Pulled this out of the box broken, it fits well and has a soft backing so as to avoid rubbing on the face
The frame is sturdy. Package was missing a screw. Also one of the screws had no groove like the others for the flathead to screw in on. I had to improvise.
It is a great bank. On the smaller side hard to fit bills in there. Great for very young children just learning about saving their coins and money.
My daughter loves Word Party. I want to get her all 4 characters so I ordered Lulu to start with. It's very cute but it's definitely not worth the price.
Very realistic, knees do not bend well tho otherwise i have a happy kid
Love this. Not your normal plain tiles. Better than I expected. Only thing I didn't love was the pushers. They are a little awkward but the beautiful tiles and case make up for that.
Our son loves this. It's much smaller than I expected, and it looks pretty fragile. But so far, so good.
Decent product! Made floating in pool easy!
Nice big banner but the Pom poms were a pain to puff up and put together.
I bought this Beyblade I loved it it worked amazingly but sadly the next day the face bolt or screw if you want to call it broke, so if you buy this product I would have an extra Face bolt.
Very fun card draft game with a cool theme.
The product was bought to fix a child's motorized car. It was installed easily and seems to be holding up.
This burns through batteries quickly, b it it IS worth it! My son has hours of fun !
4 of my rocks were duds. They were completely solid and no crystals. But the rest were great super pretty. Not big so if your wanting a bigger geode I wouldnt buy this box. There was only 2 medium sized ones in mine and those happened to be the best so the bigger the rock the better the Crystal's.
munchkins plus castle panic equals how can you go wrong
Keep all of my important papers inside it
Great intro to the older kids version. Not as sturdy and my 4 yo can't set it up by himself but he enjoys it.
Cute and served a purpose for a holiday party but not high quality for heavy use or multiple uses. I wear size 9 women's, shoe covers fit well but pointed toe doesn't stand up like in picture and I kept tripping over it.
Air needle is located in a compartment on the pump handle. Otherwise a good product.
It's fun but she gets annoying! I am just glad she didn't "come to life" in the middle of the night forcing me to have to shoot it!!
Love them!!! However, after I sanded and washed them, they were a bit rough and I feel like they might splinter.
Good for beginners, only downfall is the battery does not last long. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.
the only thing was that the box had a whole in it but the puzzle inside was in a plastic bag with no damage.
Very fast delivery, just wish the designs were painted on and not made of plastic wrapping.
Daughter loves it. Is wearing it tomorrow for Halloween and will use it for dress up after that.
Love these excellent quality and my kids love them, but wish they made a truck or car to pull them with! Also the only complaint is that because they are close when attached, when turning curves the magnets will sometimes catch each other and mess up the creation!
The first one was broke due to poor packaging. The replacement came in beter packaging. Looks really cool and had several comments about it from Friends. I give it 4 stars do to the poor packaging and having to send back.
My son loved his lego themed balloons. And so did all the kids at his party. The only reason for 4 stars is because some of the balloons lost their faces when it was blown up. Not many though. I'd still buy them again.
Fun game for the family. I was a little disappointed that the box came with a hole in it. It was a gift for my my brother and didn't have time to return it. Bit of a bummer.
One thing that drives a person nuts is trying to find a missing puzzle piece. Yep, one border piece missing and the company is unable to replace this piece. However, pieces fit snug and clean, which enables one to pickup three or four pieces that have been put together and move to the main puzzle. My wife, who has dementia was able to work with the larger pieces. Overall, this is a great puzzle.
This set worked perfectly for my daughters trolls themed 2nd birthday party.
Bought this for my grand daughter. But since it was refurbished, it did not come with any instructions. We are not that "tech savvy" so we are still trying to figure out how to do all the different features. Went online and can't find a manual there either. Other than that, it works great and the rubber cover is a great added feature for "kid proofing".
Powerful, but too difficult for beginner
Good enough for HS Grad
Bought this as my first drone. I was swept away by trailers of drones such as the DJI mavic pro, but wasn't ready to invest that much in the drone scene yet. This is a great starter drone to learn the basics of flying, hovering, fine-tuning, and recording videos. The video feed looks a little stretched on a Samsung Galaxy S7 but it connects without problems. Because of its light frame, it easily gets pushed around by the wind so I haven't flown it too high in the sky yet. Make sure to read the manual before first setup to learn best practices of drone handling and watch some YouTube tutorials! This drone has inspired me to get into the drone scene and maybe eventually buy a DJI mavic pro
Family game night fun for everyone
This is my toddler son's favorite stacking toy since it builds so high and he loves to knock them down. It is great for working on his hand eye coordination and size comparisons while having fun. My only complaint is that he once put the corner of the box in his mouth and it made the finish come off of the box. The boxes are sturdy and have held up to my son's rough playing. They will change shape or get messed up if too much weight is placed on them though.
This is a fantastic product for sensory stimulation and fidgeting! However, don't expect this product to last for the long haul. I have had one of the balls pop already. With that said, I would buy these all over again.
Just gave this to my year old for Christmas. She loves it. My complaint is that the cutting board does not make any chopping noises like it says it's supposed to
My only gripe is that he doesn't have his Rivet Gun.
So.. this is pretty cool laser gun set. PROS: -accuracy and range is not bad -the sounds are pretty good -different gun settings. CONS: -you'll need more than 2 guns to make it fun -big play areas OR if you have tons of rooms in the house -back up batteries needed -reload button over time gets stuck (maybe manufacturing issues) -when you run out of life there's a long wait but you can always reset it turn on/off
We purchased this for our young daughter as she absolutely loves it! The animals prints are very cute and the set itself seems very well-constructed. The only drawback is that the cardboard material which makes up the carrying case is not particularly sturdy and does not seem likely to last being played with.
The material used for this item is very nice. It looks kind of like the picture, it doesn't have the little frowny mouth thing though. I expected it to be a little bit bigger but that's not a big deal. The biggest problem I had with it was it was delivered to the wrong house.
Christmas gift for my son. Works great and is fast! Unfortunately the battery pack connection was a little difficult for him and he broke it after a few days. Connection is similar to a cell phone with tiny prongs... he broke the prong off. Overall great gift, just wasn't suited for him.
Curtains arrived on time. Great curtains, bought to decorate my li'l one's nursery wall. Not as sheer as I would have wanted but overall good!
I bought this for 3 and 5 year olds for 5 hour car trip. They were a hit. Glad I could buy two colors without one of them being pink :-).
This sits on a stand I picked it up by the stand and the stand broke
My great niece loves her princess tent! So girly, so cute, you should buy this!
I would give it 5 stars, but it did not come with the promo card which leaves me to believe that it had been opened, card was taken out, then resealed. Everything else is great, just really would've liked to have that card.
Great stocking stuffer. Hard to find item anywhere but Amazon.
Grand daughter loved this toy!
The size is very small but was good for an infant who will begin walking or beach toy.
My son loves this toy. He said it was his favorite Christmas present. Looks just like the picture. My son is 7 and even though there are several small parts he has done well keeping track of them. Only thing is the helmet keeps coming apart but other then that this is a really nice toy.
I love this toy but I am somewhat surprised it's made of plastic when it takes so much abuse. It was a tiny bit bowed when I got it and I imagine that will only get worse with time. I do really love the idea of the toy, and my daughter enjoys it. But I think better materials could be used.
Package was damaged, but item was ok. Not packaged properly.
While the box says Classic- this is not the game I remember playing as a kid. The pieces may be correct and the game board may be correct, but the houses/hotels, money, chance/community chest cards... they aren't the same anymore. First of all we keep running out of money- and we're only playing with 2 people! Then the houses are too big to fit 4 on a property and if you want to put 4 houses on more than 6 properties there aren't enough pieces. I'm sure the cards/money have all been updated to new materials, but I loved the old card stock that was used. We are glad to have the classic version of Monopoly, but we definitely miss the classic feel to the game.
This is well made, the kaleidoscope display itself isn't great, but it works.
First thing's first: this set is BEAUTIFUL. Everything shines perfectly in the light and makes all of the colors pop from the black covers. An amazing addition to any collection and to anyone who frequently plays the game, as these even have all of the updated errata to game rules. Whether it's on a shelf or at the table, it's gonna turn some heads. Now, onto the unfortunate bad. The printing of these editions clearly has had some issues, as I found minor ink stains in the spine on ~5 pages throughout all 3 books (The one pictured is the largest stain I found). The DMG also had pages that got folded up during printing which made them look like... that. Nothing which can't be solved with a bit of cutting, but it's still good to be aware of. There was also minor cosmetic damage to the outside of the box, but I'm not so concerned about that. If you get this set, inspect every page thoroughly for damages, but what you'll be left with is a very special set of books!
This is only for last minutes planning. You can get the same brand at Costco for double the quality you get here. This is a rip-off!
I love the easy to use case. You can pick a deck and slide it in and out without any problems. The only reason I did not give it 5 starts is that one of the magnetic clasps came loose the 3rd time I used. Simple fix but...
There are separate color sheet, you can color or paint on them.
Not as soft or cuddly as I expected from Gund.
One size doesn't fit all. Other than that love the hat. Sturdy material is great for my 4 yr old.
A bit hard to put together, but otherwise really nice.
My 5 year old daughter got this for her birthday and loved it. The item is well made and worth the money.
The teeth looked good, but wouldnt stick. I even tried denture cream.
The controls are a bit confusing so read the directions but I'm sure it's made that way so that your kid won't mess with the function...but then second day I couldn't get it to the timer mode so I am a bit confused..otherwise I am continuing working on this with my toddler but he likes to take it off so I wish there was a way to make it more secure..otherwise the alarm is a little song...but my toddler does know it as the potty watch!
Nice, but too many. My friends loved them and they really topped off my luau. V festive. Boyfriend says: "These shed EVERYWHERE! And you wouldn't let me throw them away!"
The quality is not bad for the price. The top is fairly well constructed. The base is adequate. Not as easy to get the “on side” rotation as I was hoping for but it does work well with some practice
My granddaughter loved this and it is very cute. The only problem is that it sheds all over! We put him in the dryer but he still continues to shed. Despite the shedding, she loves him.
So comfy, bought it for myself Andy kids ke stealing it
They were cute a bit smaller than I expected. My kiddo loves them.
Couldn't find a reasonable soft toy Armadillo in retail shops as a baby gift for a Texan baby so had to buy one online. Amazing to live in Texas and have to go out of state to get an Armadillo.
A little larger than what I had expected but the elastic on the arm helps with that! Overall I think it's an awesome product!
Grandson really enjoyed this gift plus there's extra card stock to design your own shield
I ordered wrong since, will need to return for 2T.
This puppy is adorable, perfect for my two year old. We love how it is soft and simple. Super cute!
I bought this for by daughter's first birthday party. We had a bunch of kids coming to it so we needed something to keep them engaged while the adults caught up with our stuff. It was really comfortable for the kids to use and they had great fun. But the bottles themselves had very less liquid and the last 1 cm of the liquid was not accessible by the retune. And the bottles lasted only like 5 minutes if you constantly kept blowing bubbles. It kept the kids engaged for around an hour. Luckily we had a lot of balloons which diverted the kids after a while. But overall it is a good party item and we also get refills.
Kids are having fun realizing that there are toys that so not take batteries. Cheaply made but what I expected at this price
Good quality. Really liked that the size of the track can be adjusted to fit a larger or smaller space depending on preference.
The Kids (ages 3 and 5) really liked it. I got a little shorted though because it was missing the first sticker sheet that goes with the first two pages in the book. It keeps them occupied for about 20 minutes adding the stickers and then they have fun coloring the page after.
Really cool product, I have twin toddlers (2 years) it's big enough for both of them to play absolute mess free and nicely made. Well worth the price
Great boat for the price. If you are looking to try out a boat, I'd give this one a try. It does favor one side a lot, but you can trim it to make up for it. I didn't find it to be that fast on windy days on a lake, but may be it's faster on a calmer day.
Feels pretty ergonomic, but plastic seem a bit cheap
Eyes don't glow very well. Product came in good condition.
Timely and reasonably priced. No serious quality issues.
My kids LOVE this product! We live in an apartment with no back yard and this is so helpful to get their energy out without having to leave the house. My 3 & 5 year old spend hours jumping and climbing and doing tricks everyday. Within 3 weeks our tube popped. I emailed customer service and they were very quick in response and mailed me a new tube within a week. The new tube is a different brand and much sturdier than the first. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because I am slightly disappointed that for how much it costs you don't get the complete package with the colorful tube cover and bumpers to cover the nuts and bolts at the top. Overall, I'd still totally buy this and would suggest any friends buy it as well since it's easily my Children's favorite toy and it helps them be active 🙌🏻 Win win!!
Daughter loves it, especially if there is a thunderstorm it seems to calm her. We have 2 for my daughter and the only downside is for some reason the battery doesn't last very long.
Great for low flights, it's not a drone that's going to compete with mobi but it's great for practice and for kids.
The kids were trading them out and it made it easy to tell them apart because we had 2 Cosmos
I expected the balloons and the backdrop.
Haven't opened yet, because it's a Christmas gift. My 5 year old asked for a smart watch... and that wasn't going to happen, so I ordered him this item on sale. Fast shipping.
Good amount and useful container, but the smell of the pics was very strong of chemicals.
Nicely made quit cute
Beautiful color, arrived earlier than expected, slime was cold and hard from being in delivery truck (broke apart instead of stretched). Once the slime warmed up it was more pliable and fun to play with.
Fun single action nerf revolver. Very accurate.
Nice upgrade on the banking machine itself from previous versions however, it dumped all the banking info at random in the middle of the first and only game we've played so far...
Maybe priced a little high for the quality. Wouldn't let more than fourty pounds ride it.
I really like how easy and straight forward this building goes together! No instructions needed, just looked at the pieces and put it together! I bought three such buildings and am ordering more. Works for my table! Wish they had a set of sci-fi buildings and such like this...
Purchased it for my 10 month old daughter and she loves it.
This is a great lounger, however one end came without the little black stopper on one end. I am trying to see where I can get another....I can air it up, but it never has held air like the end with the small black thing.
Bought as a gift, the recipient liked it a lot. I'm not giving 5 starts because in one of the squares the wood was not smooth and was slightly peeling off.
A family fun Christmas and I ordered a couple of games. We used some of the trivia questions in some of our games, but many of the questions were difficult to answer
Loved everything but the tassel banner. It was ok but was very time consuming to put together and wasn't as neat as I thought it would be for the time put into it.
I put them in my garden to help keep birds away and hopefully help with the moles, also. I put some in my flowerbed just to brighten it up. I haven't had the pinwheels long enough to see if they will hold up in the weather.
Excellent card, came like new condition. Wish it was foil, but that's not worth the $15 extra
I know this is a re-issue so there were updates to the design but the eyes are a bit scary actually.
Nice product, good value for the money. Some of the pieces are cracked though still useable.
The only problems I have with this product are: 1. I had to call the company and separately order the decals. 2. You must own a drill to put this together. Even though the directions say to use a Phillips head screwdriver. There is no way I would have been able to put his together properly without a drill. Other than those two things, I am completely happy with his product and my child absolutely adores it.
This is a nice toy, for the $, wish it did a little bit more but son still loves it. Will outgrow soon only drawback!
Fun card game, chances are you'll either know the clue or you won't but it's an easier almost trivia-like game based in popular culture
Very cute and a great price
When this wig came, it looked like Snow White had a rough night. But, after looking at a few Youtube videos on how to fix cheap wigs, it came out great! Set your curling iron on the lowest setting, section off small rows of hair and gently brush and curl each section. After I fixed the wig, it looked like an expensive one. My daughter received many compliments on her wig on Halloween!
Cool drone, mine came damaged returned
These are rather stylish and simple sock shoes. They are very comfortable and great in the summer. I would not recommend wearing these on a rainy day as they are effectively socks with a sole. After three months of constant use the stitching has held up surprisingly well, but it seems that I have torn the inside of the sole and my feet are now digging it out. Also would not recommend running or going on any difficult terrain in these as they do not have any ankle support and I have found my ankle slipping around. Overall a very aesthetic and eye drawing shoe, that will maybe last you a season or 2 for the price.
During assembly it seems like it was made as cheap as possible. Easy assembly 1 person but you need tools. Drill and rubber mallet. The stickers make it look better but I hope they don't get ripped off. It came missing the braces for the floor. I think step 2 sends you missing parts for free though. The floor is a great anti fatigue mat. Kid loves it he's 2. It takes up more space than I realized. You have to have room to walk around it.
I love this thing because is keeps my kids in the yard and their friends can come over and play with them. This has been a life saver this spring already. Can not wait for more summer days. The only reason I give it 4 stars is he draining process. It is horrible. Sometimes I do not want to set it up because of how slow it drains. It takes a toll on your body.
First fpv quad. Great combo for learning to fly.
I upgraded to this setup from a stock blade inductrix fpv which just didn't have enough power. The frame is is the exact same dimensions but a little heavier and feels sturdier than the stock blade inductrix fpv frame. The inductrix board fits perfectly. The motors are a BIG step up from the inductrix fpv motors, and the board seems to be able to handle them just fine. I agree with a couple other reviewers that motor QC is not great - one motor came with a slightly bent shaft - visible when turning the prop and enough to cause slight vibration on the fpv cam. Still flies fine, but I'm worried the motor will burn out early and it's already wearing out the motor mount too. Even so, I'm happy overall with the performance and value.
Very good, very valuable for learning, children like it very much
All paints in good condition.
This is a good piano for 3 to 5 years old kids. It is small in size and kids can play it easily. The build quality could have been better.
As others wrote...no instructions, but can find pics online and assemble just fine.
I bought this dinosaurs set for my niece since she is so interested in dinosaurs now. The backpack is the most part I like it's cute, light and has a good quality it's so convenient to take the toys anywhere or when kids finish playing they can put them together in the backpack, this is so smart idea to sell the toy with the bag. The dinosaurs are great but some of them can't stand (I found 3 can't) when I take them out of the plastic bag it has a little plastic smell so I'd suggest you to leave them for a while before playing but if you don't they are fine. The sticker and fluorescents are great too especially the fluorescents glow very well in the dark. This set is good for the price.
It was for a 2 y.o. Boy who plays with his sisters. It was appropriate!
It was what I wanted to decorate my grander room for christmas
Absolutely precious and my three year old adores it all! They're so soft and the house they come in is adorable! The pups are small enough to fit in an adult's palm and for perfectly in a three year old's hand. They're large enough that they pose absolutely no threat of choking. The only downside is the door is fastened with two little straps but so far they have withstood my three year old, so it's not terrible.
This toy is not really a "learning" toy. My daughter has been wanting one for a while so I finally got her one for her birthday and she likes it a lot.
My son loves these rival guns,but they get jammed a lot.
Sent as a gift. She loved it
This mimic dice bag is really neat. For a real gamer, it's a great gift. I was hoping that it would be larger, but it will easily hold a D20 dice set. If you want something that will hold all of your dice, then this is not what you are looking for. But if you want a funny/cute way of keeping a set handy....This is what you are looking for.
My son loves his cool sand. He likes the physics of it all. One drawback... The container arrived with one clip missing from the top so we can't carry by the handle on the lid. I had another container at home that we swapped. I didn't feel the need to return over mfgr defect.
Seller easy to work with
Purchased this kit for a classroom setting and I feel as though I have a good introduction for Grade 8 students. Update: I went to Haiti where this product was sent and the exercise books that came with the package were missing. That is unfortunate.
I own 3 of these in different colors. Good binder, suits the needs for my Star Wars Destiny cards as good as the other X brand but much better price. Thicker band is nice, and just like the other brand, I can fit comfortably 2 cards each slot, front and back. They slide around slightly, but not enough for it to be an issue or even fall out of their pockets.They will also fit sleeved cards as well, will be tight and possibly stretch the pocket if you try and double them up sleeved though.
good colors but kind of doesnt balance so good
First I want to point out that the one I received has a scratch down the middle. Not to happy about that because I spent 10 bucks and some odd change on it. However, with that being said, it isn't that noticeable and I highly doubt my 7 year old will care. That is the only negative I have about this binder. Everything else looks good, and I am excited for him to open it on Christmas.
fun game for everyone
These are a good size and shape to give a visual of the web on the map with mini figures. The webs sit loose in the base, which I wasn't expecting. The web sits on a slight angle, which I think was on purpose; however, that wasn't clear to me before purchasing them.
Cool looking figure! Only issue is the head doesn't want to come off most of the time.
great price. perfect as favor
Nice set up for the cost
Nice substitution for the very expensive other brand doll. Bought as a Christmas gift, so haven't yet seen how it will hold up to a 4-year old's handling of hair and costumes.
Too quiet, can barely hear it if it's not on your ear. Otherwise very nice V Tech toy.
Very cute and my daughter loves it. I should have paid attention to the measurements because it was smaller then I expected. The only reason I am giving this 4 stars is because putting it together was a pain. It took me and my husband 4 hrs to put it together. Our wrists and hands hurt after all the screws. The price should be less for all the labor we had to do ourselves.
The kids loved these, they were a bit smaller than expected but still great 🎁
Much better alternative to other expensive brands.
I gave it as a gift, so I can't evaluate it very well. I liked the size,
bought these for my 9 year old step son, he LOVES them
really only bought for the code that my granddaughter wanted, doll is ugly.
Came with defects took two months to get here but very soft and slow rising
Works for sure but smaller than expected. Not enough glue to use all the supplies.
All components were immediately lost, broken or inserted into a pet. But that's not the toy maker's fault, we knew that would happen and we gave it to him anyway (not the pet). The thing worked when we opened the box. All the parts were there and it functioned as described. Some of them float when inexplicably placed in the toilet. Kid enjoyed taking it apart and putting it together. The little impact driver was a nice touch and continues to be enjoyed by everyone but the pets.
First off, if you were looking for a true ukulele, these aren't the droids you' re looking for. I bought these as holiday presents for my nephews, and they're going to work just fine. The nephews are almost 4 so I don't want to give them anything I didn't expect would get abused on a daily basis and probably used as weapons in some epic fantasy battle. These are fun, neat little toys that will do the job of sparking that musical interest while keeping my pockets safe until they lose interest. They will produce a sound if you tighten the strings, and I actually spent about 10 minutes this morning tuning them for the kiddos and they sound decent for a children's toy. The only issue I have thus far, is that while tuning the little suckers the plastic bridge on one pulled up a bit out of its place.
I just audited 1,100 dice for packing into a board game production. The dice are small, but that is what I needed. The rolls seemed random and the shape, corners, and size were consistent. About 10 die were melted blobs, and about 90 had minor defects in paint, smears or not fully painted. A quick touch with fine sharpie pen took care of any paint lacking. Not worth time to fix smears. So, say about 50 out of 1,100 were not acceptable form production standards, but at this price a 5% reject is not unexpected and is an acceptable number. At the price it costs about 14 cents for rejects. I suggest adding 10% buffer to your order quantity requirements and you will be fine. Not worth shipping costs and wait time to try to cut it too close.
The manufacturer of this product would do well by the vendors & ultimately the consumer by tightening up the quality control. I have read other reviews about the crooked nose pieces. Was true of my pair. My husband was able to manipulate it and make it satisfactory to wear comfortably. Otherwise it would sit on your face cockeyed. Not a cute look for Santa or a comfortable one. Very cute glasses, though.
More pink than red.....not as dark as they look.....glows well
I bought these with the intention to add to my Brain Flakes collection (because the Creative Kids Flakes were less expensive). Creative Kid Flakes were much thinner and not compatible with the Brain Flakes. I really like both products, just don't try to combine them. Creative Kid Flakes are thinner and less expensive than Brain Flakes. My students enjoy using them just as much as Brain Flakes. If you need to be budget conscious, Creative Kids Flakes are the way to go!
A true jigsaw puzzle, and a challenge for me and my grandson (the puzzlers in the family). It was too big, along with all the disparate pieces, to fit on our normal 4' x 2' puzzle table so we had to commandeer the kitchen table. This was inconvenient for us for the days it took to assemble the puzzle, but worth the experience and satisfaction of assembling 1,000 pieces into such a charming picture. The pieces fit fairly well together, although not as nicely as other puzzles made by different companies. Still, we'll most likely put it together again and again over the years.
Great for the 3 games it has. It does take some time to put together, but anything with all those pieces would and the instructions were easy to follow. Our little kiddos (ages 7, 6, and 4) LOVE this table and are playing on it constantly!
Easy for kids to use. I have a 5 year old and 3 year old grandkids. They were both able to toss into the air and loved playing with them. Just make sure you don't have to have them right away. Took long time for shipping!
Product was deliver on time & kids love it
Nice costume, overall good quality alittle to expensive
Bought this for my one year old grandson and he loves it. He throws it all over and after 6 months it still works. I don't know who enjoys this toy more me and his father or my grandson. It growls, grumbles and makes fart noises what's not to like.
The family enjoyed it, but apparently it was too easy for them.
Good amount for a toddler size; the containers were smaller than I imagined they would be but overall great purchase.
Easy to learn. Gets repetitive after awhile but good occasional fun.
O.K. for the price. Not so sturdy. Was broken in the first 2 days.
Bought this globe as a gift, however the globe we received had a slightly bent frame so that it would rub against it when spinning. Novo Basics has such outstanding customer service. They emailed checking on the quality of the globe. When I told them the problem, they immediately sent a new one. So 5 stars for customer service, but I did subtract one star off because of initial problem and because the second globe I needed to tighten the base screw. The globe itself has good graphics and a clean design. In all, I would recommend this product/company if you are looking to get a decent globe. Thank you Novo for great customer service.
My daughter loves it but I will mention that the wire throughout the tunnel hurts the knees when crawling through it.
The toys are quite nice overall, though it appears the balance of a few of them is slightly off, so they, particularly the turtles, are often want to flip over and sort of do a back stroke rather than swimming forward as expected. The other toys all do swim well and look great.
This banner was adorable!
The boys liked it but I was disappointed that it did not go very high.
They're foam tiles. Not sure what else there is to say.
This was a cute gift for my preteen daughter. She played with it a few times, but it was quite messy. I think it served its purpose for what we bought it for, which was a distraction from the screens for at least a little while. LOL
I help provide professional development on teaching language to students who have limited communication skills. We recommend this product in our training. I have used the Stages Learning Materials Language Builder cards for many years. This set has updated pictures, so the TV looks more like a TV students will see in their home.
The sand is ok, but I guess I should have read the details a little more. The size was so small. You can find a better deal in stores.
good puzzle but we were missing one piece.
Age appropriate games. Just wish there was some additional explanation to the pages before we bought them and downloaded the audio. We had no idea whether they would be good for our kids until we already had them at home. Also wish there were more animations in some of the 3D books than there were
They are beautiful. The only problem is that I pay 3 times more than their price to blow them.
We purchased for my daughter's 3rd birthday party. Kids loved it - easy to assemble & deflate. Only issue is the markings on the side (see pictures) - the main logo is upside down. At least the instructions are right-side-up!
Some of the balloons had holes in them so I would recommend ordering extra.
The girls had a blast with the tattoos. Easy to use for age appropriate kids.
Unfortunately I didn't receive the yellow pot and bears. I received two green pots/bears and no yellow in the box and I didn't realize it until I opened the other pots so I can't return it. A little upset about it. I'm just glad I bought this for my own use and didn't give it a gift for someone..other than that the product is nice.
Clothes for American Girl dolls perfectly. Enough for two dolls to have a couple outfits with panties
Its awesome for fidgeters like me. It does relieve some anxiety when using it. Only 4 stars because i was expecting some instruction manual inside it but no, i had to discover how to use it by myself but then again its fairy simple, its sturdy and worth the price.
My grandson is very interested in science so I ordered these. These are so cute. I took off one star because the names (label) are not specific enough.
Good product. Loved how both sides had choices to work with
This is a cute castle that the kids love playing with. The only down fall is that they didn't make enough secure connecting pieces that attach the top parts to the bottom section so the top tier falls off easily. I'm constantly having to help rebuild.
My kids and I loved these. They were perfect prizes for a birthday party! The guests loved them as well. Only downside was there was one less pikachu than expected and one extra pikachu ear lol. I have a 1yr old and 5 yr old and none of the toys have broke on us yet.
Good item . Would buy again. As described !
Very nice. The set I received is not quite as brilliant as the photos but still quite pretty. My wife likes them.
Super cute journal!! Love the unicorn. Very popular right now. My daughter looooves the light up feature on here. There is an ink pen with secret ink. It's not that strong but I can see it a little bit. Cute idea for a stocking stuffer!!
The darts work fine but they don't really glow very well.
Arrived on time. Present. I was actually disappointed in the size. It's about the size of a baseball. I probably didn't really pay too much attention to the product size in the details (if it's even in there). I don't know if he likes it, but will update as soon as I find out.
Amazing pictures from the movie. The numbers are a little small though.
This was a fun one! I love puzzles and this puzzle had all kinds of interesting shaped pieces. Some were so odd that I had no idea where they went. One of the border pieces had an edge so tiny that I didn't even know it was an edge. That drove me crazy for the entire time I worked the puzzle since I was worried a piece was missing (hence the four stars). The pieces were just a touch thin for my taste, but that's purely personal preference. They were plenty sturdy and I didn't have any issues with bending or tearing. Oh, and the picture was adorable!
Good communication only received 1 of the 2 I ordered. They sent out 2 more and never received them. Such a shame
What a cool toy, personally the powder flavors are gross and don't work the way They describe. But that's easy enough to replace. My daughter has and does ice this toy.
It was a gift. Great grandson probably busted it already!
This product keeps my 6mth old baby occupied and engaged.
With this being my first PAK figure, as well as my first posable figure. It's pretty good except for one thing, the right ankle joint is loose. Causing him to have a hard time standing up on his own, other than that it's good. The details are nice, especially on the wing. You are going to need some room if you're going to pose him with the sword because the sword is about 14in long. The joints are not that obvious unless you view it up close, unlike some other figures that I've seen. All in all it's a good figure, even though I have to play around with weight distribution when posing him.
Great game! But I wish it came in a game box, the game is in a plastic bag in a shipping box but there is no actual game box. The game did work well and we had fun playing.
Still need to be perfected. I couldn't finish the second robot.
Granted the board and box are a bit cheap for the price but not that bad. The only problem I did have was that the pieces would not slide at first until I furniture polished the board. The pieces themselves are nice and as far as I'm concerned, I was able to swipe up a decent checkers set for only $7.
I really like it but she toppled over once and her leg broke when she fell less than 6 inches
These little squishes are super cute! My daughter loves them.
My daughter loves these stacking crayons for coloring and drawing. I think they're great for long car trips so we don't have to keep track of many different markers or crayons.
Super cute watermelon design. I used this with my 12 month old and she loves it. There was discoloration due to sun on the 3rd day.
I had to buy my kids new backpacks halfway through the school year last year. I bought this one for my son, and it has held up pretty well. My kids do not go easy on their backpacks, and we've had many straps break and many holes. This one's still usable, although it does have a few holes in the bottom. Zippers are still smooth and my son is still happy with it.
I really enjoy playing this game and I would have given it a five-star review except it was missing the dry erase wipes, and the timer doesn't work. I e-mailed the company in France and they referred me to their local company and I never heard back from the company that would send me the replacement pieces. I'll try again since it's an awesome game, but disappointed I didn't get all the pieces!
These all came individually packaged, however some of the sunglasses came with the lenses popped out. Easy to pop them back in though. They're just about the quality you would imagine for the price
Aside from having a few wrong figures with it, my daughter loved it.
The finishing on the product isn't as good as I would've hoped. Some edges are jagged. Nonetheless it is a lovely keychain.
Great decks. Beautiful designs
Several of the dinosaurs are ripped off of the bubbles and just laying in the bottom of the box, very disappointed! This was for birthday party goodie bag favors and now I won't have enough!
Great looking betting coins. The only problem is that you need more than 20 of each colors to properly give all 4 players the needed 500 starting bank. There should have been at least double that amount. I did order another 2 sets to accommodate all 4 players. Other than this, it's a great value.
Bought these for a DIY. I thought the actual ear part would be thicker and not so floppy but other than that it worked for what I needed them for. Will definitely purchase them again!
Bought for my granddaughters birthday. They really liked it being able to get all their friends on it with them Good size float that will hold 4-6 children. Don't know how it will hold up over time but it seem to be pretty tough. The main problem I had with it was getting it inflated. With an air compressor it took about a half hour. It needs more smaller blow up area to inflate it. If you buy it inflate it ahead of time before you intend to use it.
Tried it for the first time yesterday. Fell asleep for over an hour. Yeah it's comfortable!
Very pretty and seems sturdy enough to get me through a campaign or so. I'm a little sad mine came in with some scuffs on the plastic otherwise I would've given 5 stars. It also smells nice according to my DM. Great!
These are awesome for prizes for my students. Many different animals and colors! A little sticky but kids don't seem to care!
My 6 year old loved this. Only complaint would be when you first pull it out the white boards smell sooo strong. Will give you a headache. Suggest taking them out of the box for a day before doing this activity
my niece loved this!!!!
Smaller than expected but my son loved it either way
This adds a new card to the original UNO game that allows you to protect another player from one negative card. My girls love the DC Superhero girls and prefer to play this over the original. I generally don't have a preference.
Bought for my son for Xmas and one of the dolls heads already popped off and I have to try and glue it back together!
What a fun track set. My son loves it battery car is great. We had a fun putting together and had a great time. He is very happy and playing with it all day. The one thing I didn't like is no English words on box other then that its a fun toy.
Ordered these to replace one that went out not long after use, but they are good esc just had one faulty one in previous order.
Fits my quad perfectly but has a slight chemical smell.
While the floaties were cute and functional, a couple of them arrived discolored making them less desirable for our group during our girls getaway.
Great gift for kids and very easy to use.
Very hard to snap together, however very detailed. Nice for display but not for play.
Everything was good except for the fact the instructions are in Chinese. Had to use Google Translate but overall it wasn't hard to assemble.
Very nice and sturdy
Everything arrived on time and as advertised
Used this for tracking HP bars in Gloomhaven. There are too many sides but that's by design I guess.
I love how realistic this octopus really looks. The only negative thing I can say is, I wish the color would of been a much richer deep color orange instead of a light orange. In the picture it looks like a much darker orange.
It is helping for my child to sound out her words more
My daughter had never shown interest in slime until recently when I bought her a 4 pack to mess around with. Now she needs more and more things to do with it. This is a neat little kit to add things to her slime. Not to mention the carrying case it has to keep everything together. Definitely a winner for her.
Not for every day use, chips easily, cute, use for pens or desk organizer, not durable as cup
All of the toys shipped were high quality, and absolutely fantastic to stim with. The lack of options to choose what colors you wanted was a bit frustrating but in the end, I'm satisfied with what I received.
Not as stable as it looks
Not sure how good or bad slime can go. Slime is slimy. This is a fun little gag gift though. Great for a good laugh.
I liked this kit a lot, I gave it to my daughter who babysits, and everyone joined in to paint rocks.
Cute set - But directions have no words and are not great picture illustrations. Basically a guessing game based on the actual picture from the front of each packet.
Got these for Christmas and the kids loved them. It is nice to have the sensor in the gun instead of on a separate vest. Some of the switches seem to be cheaply made. Hopefully they will last.
Very cute little bear
It does the trick but the kitten looks more like a fluffy toy than a 18 inch doll pet. I would have liked to see it look more real.
Cute little Doll clothes that fit her doll perfect!
bit of a derp face, and head hits bandana forcing him to either look to the side or have a tilted head. ended up using him as a driver for my 1/10 rc truck so it's not too bad... but felt like $20 was too much.
I was a little disappointed in the quality of these. The magnets work well and the size fits with the other name brand ones I have but the plastic is definitely thinner than the name brand ones. Overall good buy for the price!
Hello! I used this product in the goodie bags for my son's birthday party. I ordered 2 packs of 12. About 4 of the balls have nicks in them and 2 are discolored. But the quality of the others was great and they arrived quickly. Thanks!
I do like the design. hard to find the similar design on the market. But the one I received has some red dots. not very clean. I believe this is not part of the design. I am not sure to return it, I may keep it, but I don't like the weird red dirt dots. updated: replace a new one, which is very good. Actually I do like the product. So I decided change it from one star to four!
Got this for my son who was learning the alphabet. It's an ok product it gets the job done and I like that it's wood and not plastic. One star taken away because the Z and N look exactly the same and can be turned to fit each slot which is confusing for someone learning the alphabet to know which goes where.
Really cute and good size.
My friends daughter loved these.
I've seen this on Facebook and it looks so cool. I bought it for a program at my church called Mini Toy Truck Drive for unfortunate kids and orphans. This will be a perfect one.
This playset is larger than I was expecting from the Polly Pocket line, but it's well made and lots of fun
This is exactly what I was expecting. The game play is great, definitely easy to hook up. I have it hooked up to my reciever in my game room. I wasnt able tp hook it up directly to my projector but thats cool. It came on time and was in great condition. Just wish the console was a bit longer...makes it easier when you are playing against someone
Pretty good quality. A few of the Pieces were damaged, stuck together, but company replaced quickly after emailing them.
I think it is very cute. I like that there are holes at the bottom of the cups so water or liquids won't stay in there and mold. The teapot sings cute songs and the "cakes" are adorable.
Not as hard as you would think. Finished within a week
Great game for kids and adults. We were playing this one night while some friends watched us and they said it seemed a little complicated. But everyone who has ever sat down to play with us has had no trouble at all understanding the rules very quickly. The "push your luck" mechanic in it is really fun. And there's a nice amount of strategy determining whether or not to hold on to a card for later play or to discard it for points. Great gift idea.
Smaller than I expected but were still a great addition to the Paw Patrol birthday cake I made for my son's birthday.
Looks like representation
These are good but I was not too happy with the jumbo water beads. A few of them broke while soaking them to expand and the other ones once they were font if you put any small pressure on them they would break very easy. Other than that the small ones worked perfect next time I will just buy the small size and not spend extra for jumbo.
It was exactly what I expected. Simply and easy. Directions are simple to understand.
Too small for my 2 year old grandson. But regardless it have very realistic lights and control on the car.
Loved this set w a couple of exceptions. The “Oh Baby” foil balloons were cute but 2 letters came w holes in the balloons. We put them up anyway BC we're relaxed but you might not be. The delicate tissue Pom-poms were adorable but not as easy to form as they make them out to be. It turned out fine and my daughter just enjoyed attempting these things together. The paper lanterns were a BIG hit as were the banners w burlap “Welcome Baby.” For the price it was a huge success.
Good product for the price. Doesn't tip over easily either. If you can afford it, consider buying 2 to have at each end of your pool.
Wish I would have got a chase but I didn't One figure was broken
Cool toy over all but the design clearly was difficult to pull off. So the head can feel a little fragile.
My son loves these dragons! The colors are bright and all different shaped dragons. I give it 4 stars because one of the heads fell off the first time he played with it. Hopefully the rest will stay on.
Lighter weight than I expected
Very cute but seems lightweight. Stroller rolls rapidly away from baby just learning to walk.
Pencils are ok. Disappointed that all of the pencils arrived out of the box and splayed everywhere in the Amazon padded envelope. Would a piece of tape hurt? How about Amazon QC prior to being sent out? Spent an hour putting them all back in the way I thought they'd arrived.
Well it is a Christmas present so the kids havent used it yet b
It is unlike any other water gun and good price.
Was just smaller than I thought it would be. The title does say the size so that's on me!
A lot of the cards are more like riddles and guessing games than mysteries, but it still was fun for my kids and me
My son loves these play balls, whether it's chewing on them, throwing them, or chasing them. We plan on buying more once he gets a little older to fill up his play yard. I just wish it came in more than 100
We liked the product. They will be used as small rewards for attending a party for the Junior Optimist Club.
My 4 1/2 year old really likes it.
They're small but cute. Great price!
My godson loved this gift he's 2 and enjoyed playing with the water. We couldn't get it to work at first but eventually it did just be sure to clean it good and follow cleaning instructions.
Easy to apply. I'm uncertain whether it is actually working. Time will tell.
My family plays a lot of games that have a ton of pieces, and I was getting tired of them being scattered all over the table, especially if we're not at home. These work exactly as I wanted. We never unsnap them since they get used so often, but other reviews that complain about it are spot on. My only complaint is that they seem to collect the dust very easily from cardboard pieces that get put into them. I end up washing these more than I expected to, which is annoying but not a dealbreaker.
Arrived in good quality and as a collector that is what is most important to me. Would by from this suppler again.
Mine came in smashed and I messaged them and they got me a new one! I am very appreciative that they took care of it in time for my sons party!
My daughter loved this for her party. The others kids did as well. Very good quality.
Very fun sensory activity for kids! One of the balloons was ripped when I received it and the balloons don't fill as easy as normal water balloons. But the beads are very neat and the kids love to play with them just in bowls.
Some parts of this set are a little cheaply made, but my daughter still loves using these to play Dr.
So soft and cute, my son loves it! It's a big smaller than I expected!
I'm keeping it but very difficult to open plate to install batteries.
Got these fast. Haven't used yet. They're for Halloween.
My son loves this buggy. I got it for his 5th birthday. LOVE that it comes with 2 rechargeable batteries. Only 4 stars because he has to shut it off and turn it back on every time it gets stuck because it stops running like the batteries dead.
Cute, cute, cute. Only issue was the little tabs that hold the wreath didn't hold up against my 4 year old :(
I haven't opened the limbo game. It is a Christmas gift for my grandson and I will have to wait until he opens it to give an honest review. It arrived very promptly and no problems having it delivered.
You are limited in what you can do with what it comes with, so I would get 2 to make it worth it.
Item came nearly ideal aside from it being shipped in an envelope and having a dent to the upper left side of the packaging.
I didn't think much of this, but granddaughter played with it for a while
These are fun for the kid to play with. He runs around the house at night with it.
Really cute! Definitely worth the money.
The color is closer to off white. It does not match up to the same item I bought before from ikea in color or size (the measurements are listed as the same, but are off several millimeters). Otherwise great.
Same motor as stock for the TRX-4 Defender, did the job
What my grandson wanted
good not to spend so much. for something I don't use much, very good product
Overall this was great for the price, it held our nearly 25 lbs kiddo perfectly and was super cute. My only complaint is that the top part of the inflatable, which is meant to protect from the sun didn't stay up and kept flopping forward, we had to hold it in place with our hands the entire time. I'd still purchase it again, our kid had a blast.
What I was looking for! Just a little bigger than I wanted for my collection.
This would be great for a kitten for sure but my cat is too laid back to care about playing with it but it's still a cool toy.
This drone is awesome but their is one thing. Not a big deal but the screws that came with it don't work to keep the battery compartments on the controller latched and kept shut. They are just not long enough to screw in to keep them shut. Wondering if you guys could send me some longer screws as I think that's the problem? I will edit this review to 5 stars as it looks like I can do that if you guys would do that for me? I solved it by taping them shut for now but tape looks ghetto. Haha
I ordered this drawing stencils set for my 5 years old daughter who loves to draw, color, and be creative. There are a lot of different designs for her to choose. I just received the set today and she already spent at least an hour on it. I would give this a 5 star if it didn't look like used with dents, pencil and color pencil marks...
As soon as I saw this, I thought that my 18 month old granddaughter would love it. She loves stuffed animals and these are just her size. I would have given this toy 5 stars but each animal makes a sound... except for the elephant. All the other animals have a little noise maker inside that works when you push the animals tummy but the elephant isn't working. Other than that, this toy is adorable and I think my granddaughter will love it.
Bought this set because I had a bulb fail in 8 months. The room it was in is not used very much. I have had standard bulbs last for three years in that room.
The leg of pascal was broken, I cannot return it as the box was pretty torn up, so rather than hassle with it I bought a new one for my grand daughter.
She seemed to enjoy playing with it.
Exactly what I ordered in great condition
Like many others, we got the ghost Pusheen. I feel like they know what's in these and sell them accordingly. The plush is cute and well made, it's just a bummer that it appears to have less of a chance of variance than if you were to buy it straight out of the case in a store.
They came in mostly as expected. As the other reviews say, the gold is not as shiny. But overall I like them.
We really only needed this as a prop for one day. It did the job. It looked great, was easy to use, and was as advertised. I don't think this item is meant for long-term use, but it was an excellent value.
Packaging badly torn but product was In good shape. Worth the money.
Window on box not completely on
They are a bit cheaper and more girly than I expected based on the photos. But I need them for goody bags/party favors for my 8 year olds party so they will do just fine, considering the great price!
Only giving s 4 just because I feel it needs some stuffing added to it to plump it up/out some. Which I did add some to it. Other wise it is great. Grandkids loved it. Especially when we played the Baby Shark song and have grandpa come out at the grandpa part of the song and chase them. It was fun to see their reactions.
Good for the price what we end up paying . Happy with the purchase
Bought this for my son he loves it
Christmas present! And a hit. Moved all around the floor. Kids had a blast with it!
I find that the 1000 piece puzzle doesn't roll up as well as the smaller puzzles. Keeps the cats from playing with it, though, which was the reason for buying.
The cutlery wasn't construction trucks like I thought. And really that was why I pick this package over others
My son loves playing with this learning set. My only complaint is that the orange and red and REALLY similar, especially on the dice, which makes it tricky since I'm trying to teach him his colors! Otherwise it's great.
Bought this to replace my original mat. Installed easily, but does not look or feel as durable as the original. The bounce is good, but not quite the same as before. Overall, it's a good buy, and I didn't have to take apart the entire frame.
Very cool to fly but is not always consistent in being redirected.
We loved the glasses but some were cracked. I would have returned but didn't have time before the party so just used the unbroken ones.
So easy to use and saves your fingers !
it's the ones you remember as a kid. Put a little water in it and blow. Good times
This had a lot of small parts which made some of the fitting difficult, but it's a great challenge. The end result is a cool figure. I love how the gold stands out. I would definitely purchase it again.
Bought this for my son. He loved it!!
I bought another color from another company and the yard in this mitt is much better. Good product for the price, and fun.
Looked great lit up at Halloween. I filled the bottom of the bags with small pebbles and used LED candles to illuminate the bags. The pumpkin faces looked great lined along my driveway and front walkway. I would advise waiting to put them out until the night before, as damp and cold makes them lose some of their shape. If you're careful, you can fold them back up and use them again.
What can I say? They work
This is a cute little thing. I got it for my 3 year old son and it's more for 18 months to 2 year olds. He still loves it and the battery lasts a good amount of time. It's best for indoor use.
My daughter loves this shopping cart. She will push it around for a long time! My only complaint is that when the cart is empty it is a little flimsy and will flip easily.
Its so little. We were shocked to see it was so small. But it actually worked out well. Very strong. 7 (six 8 year olds and one 2 year old) kids hit it about 6 times each and most were really good hits!!
Fun game, but frustrating for our 8-year-old grandson, who didn't have quite enough patience to take proper time to stack, resulting in repeated tower collapse on his turn. The game goes quickly and with a little practice, I think he'll come around to liking it.
I ordered the Mia elf costume and bracelet. The costume is great quality and adorable. However, I was expecting the bracelet to be plastic, because the photo looks 3-D. The bracelet is just fabric with Velcro. If you look closely you will see it in the picture. I gave four stars, because the work is well done. Unless I missed it, the seller might put in the description of the product that the bracelet is fabric. Thank you for an adorable costume!
Purchased this for my two year old for Halloween, and while the body-portion of the costume fits great, the head piece doesn't fit right at all. You have to constantly pull the darn thing down over his face, otherwise it slides up and blocks his eyes. Maybe my kid just has a fat head. Who knows.
They are a lot smaller than i expected but they are still super cute. The lids are a little hard to take off so its not something that a toddler would be able to open easly. Still they are nice and im sure the kids will love them!
Very easy to put together just by looking at the picture on the box. The stickers are a little difficult to get in evenly on the round containers otherwise it's REALLY perfect. Updated: there is a down side that this easily cones apart with any pressure the like ones put on it. They still LOVE it and have continuously been opposing with it so it is still an awesome item.
My son was so excited! It fits well and is of standard Halloween costume quality. I had to make changes to the belt because it would have fallen off his hips, and the shoe cover's didn't entirely cover his tennis shoes, but it was still a good costume. He didn't like the elf ears, but they're a nice touch too!
The water squirters lasted a day but I expected as much. The other toys are made pretty well. The price was well worth the hours of fun in the pool! All in all, I would purchase again just for the diving toys and storage bag.
Used in the backyard as a place in the summer to sit in and read to get a good tan. It was perfect. The head rest "pillow" had a hole in it from the git go so that was disappointing. It still worked well and will use it again next year!
They are great. Simple prism effects worth the money for shows
Cute. A little bit cheaply made but it was for a Halloween costume so it was fine
Good product, just need pump to inflate the balls. My dog got a hold of the first ball and popped it immediatley.
For what it is, It is a great little drone for beginners. I have used it to teach my 6 year old how to fly drones and he loves it. Photo quality is not bad for what it is. You can shoot usable photos from it but do not expect DJI quality photos. I think I like the durability the most as it is very durable. Many collisions with furniture and things outside learning to fly it and it still flies well without damage. Only con I can think of is the battery life. I wish it could be more that 5-7 minutes. Range is limited but for my purposes, It is not an issue. I think we got it 200 feet without any signal lost and around 20 feet off the ground. Will be flying it more this summer to really get an idea on its longevity. i do like the App too. Very similar to DJI but seems to connect quicker.
My 8 and 10 year old granddaughters enjoyed these kits. I thought they could have required more creation from the girls. The body was completely finished and all they had to do was to decorate and dress the dolls.
They are so fun to play with. It came fast and showed up in the same size and color as shown. The LED lights are an added fun, they blinks in 3 different fashion. Single color, fast blinking and slow blinking. When you spin it makes wonders in colors. My 6 year son loves to spin it. Just be careful the LED part comes off easily, and it's easy to loose, still they spin pretty good without the white part (LEDs). My son lost all LEDs and still spinning with holes 😂 there. I noticed that the ball bearing also comes off easily if it is fall down or thrown to floor, so I am sure if you are buying for kids it's a good thing that they are giving 5 of them in the packet. If you are an adult then probably one is good enough for you.
Used to keep birds out of peach tree. Disappointed. Picture made snake appear larger than it actually is.
This product worked wonderful! I used it for my daughters birthday party and made a variety of decorations. Although I wish they were a bit more sturdy, but I can deal with that.
the only issues is that the ties that hold the poles in place broke right away. It still stays up without them.
Thick high quality leather belt. (Fits my firefighting turnout pants) Was recommended to me by a co-worker. I am very pleased with the leather belt.
Bought for my 5 yr old son. He loves it but broke the person pretty quick. The snowmobile itself has lasted though.
Perfect for my birthday even tho the pompoms were a bit difficult to open is a good package for a birthday party
I received earlier than expected, I still have to germinate the seeds.Hopefully everything will be alright
Everything looks amazing! The three of them are in great condition and they're boxes are intact! Loved it!
It smelled like blueberries. My daughter loves it.
Perfect for school biome project
Only complaint is not very easy to put together took a couple tries. Other then thst was satisfied with durability and quality.
It's a cute mat, texture is similar to the big letter and number mats you see. We use it before school (along with the Alex yoga blocks) to get going for the morning and my kids absolutely love it. My only complaint is that the poses come in sets of 3 with the same image of an animal. All except the cat. The first 2 pictures are of a cat and the 3rd is of a cow. It's weird and of course the kids have to call it out every time they see it. “Why is that a cow?! Where's the rest of the cat!?” Seems odd they would do it that way, but all in all it's a good buy.
I gave it four because four gold pieces didnt have the holes to put the thread through. I had to make one and it was so hard because the material was a plastic. but overall, I loved the look of this. Loved the colors and the material are in great quality. It just took time to hook them all through the yarn. Plus I hope they already have pulled the holes before sending them to customers. Didnt have the time to do it immediately so i had to take an hour each day just to get it done. I havent used them yet but I feel it's gonna come out cool inmy baby's first bday party.
The rocket components were fine, but the tube had a crease in the middle. This will definitely interfere with the flight.
Is what it is, kinda weak.
Bought this as a gift for a 30th birthday party weekend. We had a lot of fun. Definitely a good choice for a group of (drinking) adults.
My 1 year old loves this vacuum. It's supposed to have some suction but does not. And it is VERY difficult to get this thing to stand up on its own.
Got this for my nephew who thought this was awesome. Enjoyed playing with it and doing tricks.
ADORABLE.. THE GIRL I BOUGHT IT FOR LOVED ALL OF IT! BEWARE THOUGH, THE BLOW DRYER DOES NOT "WORK" OR BLOW AIR AS IT CLAIMS. (WHICH WAS THE MAIN REASON I PURCHASED THIS ONE OVER THE OTHERS) NO I WAS NOT EXPECTING TO DRY HAIR WITH IT, BUT AT LEAST A DECENT AIR FLOW AND SOUND. I REPLACED THE BATTERIES LIKE 3 TIMES TRYING TO FIGURE IT OUT AND REALIZED THAT IT ONLY MAKES A VERYYYYY FAINT SOUND. THAT'S HOW FAINT THE SOUND IS, IT WAS WORKING I JUST COULDN'T HEAR IT & THOUGHT IT WAS BROKEN.
Can someone tell me where this part goes?
My nephew loved them.
Cute little toys. My daughter would love them. We go to the beach every summer on the weekends. They look like good quality and the right shapes to make a tiny castle. The color are nice and shiny.
Nice bright pink, perfect size for tub or pool. We are excited this arrived right on time for our vacation.
Overall I think this will be a good product. Haven't used it outside yet but I bought two because I have twins. A lot of plastic so I hope it is study and doesn't break easily. We shall see. Kids are pretty rough with things. Has a radio which my kids will love. Assembly was easy until we got to the steering wheel. The holes wouldn't line up at all. I cried it was so frustrating. With some scrapping of the plastic on the wheel we finally got it to work (took over 30 minutes on the wheel and a lot of swearing). My kids will love it so it is worth it!
As per the other reviews, the only down side is the loud music which becomes annoying for adults but my grandson LOVED it!
This is a nice r/c car for kids. Bought it for my son (7 y.o.) for Christmas. The speed is a little bit fast for inside the house but not overly fast for outside. It's a good compromise speed, especially for younger kids. It does drive over grass well if the grass is fairly short and handles moderate obstacles well. Turning is finicky sometimes (sometimes it doesn't respond to the controller when you try to turn it). The battery life seems a bit on the short side to me, but we were using it outside in sub-freezing weather, so that will reduce battery life. My biggest complaint is the connector for the battery. You have to clip in into a small connector in the car and on the charger. The connection is hard to release and I foresee it getting torn up when attempting to release it. You have to remove the battery from the car every time to charge it, which is also a hassle. This car could be improved by having a better and more easy-to-release connector system for the battery and, best of all, by having a charger port on the outside so you don't have to remove the battery every time to recharge it.
I like the cars, but there is not as much “wind up power” as I thought. My Grandson was not as impressed as I thought he would be. Still, it's an ingenious toy.
Didn't hold my 4 year old grandson's attention as I had hoped...but that's not the seller's fault. Received on time with no problems.
Easy to use in addition to help kids count money. Dollar bills are difficult to get in. Kids are able to open easily.
my 9 yr old daughter had fun building this one
Great shape, and as advertised. Arrived fast.
Great quality made the perfect gift
Overall, everything was fine. It wasn't great and it wasn't terrible. It was fine. I was very sad that the “y” in my happy birthday sign had a hole in it upon receipt, but, whatever. The table cloth was also way small for a standard size table. The colors were bright too. I got exactly what I paid for and I certainly can't complain about the same day delivery. A lot of time an frustration was ultimately saved by this order. All things considered, I gave 4 stars because the products were exactly as advertised, the shipping was thoroughly impressive and it was exactly what I needed. The small issues I had could've happened from anywhere.
Super cute! I put them on cupcakes for my 3 year old's birthday.
Didn't realize there wasn't a birth certificate with it, but my daughter loves it
I did read the reviews and didn't expect top notch, but for the price, you are getting a good deal. The cloth is a rough material, can't think of the type of fiber at the moment, but it's doable and is a great background for laying your readings on. The pendulum isn't the best quality, but it's a nice addition. The cards are all intact, printed well. The cards aren't as thick as other decks I own, but if you're wanting to learn tarot, this is a great starter's kit. I do have to mention that the pamphlet that cane with it for the description if the cards isn't the best. I included a picture to show up close to show what I mean. The print is incomplete and runs off. But, there's always Google if you're still beginning to learn to read the cards as well as your incorporated intuition. All in all, this is great if you're starting out or if you need an extra set or travel set and for the price, not a bad deal. Just don't expect top notch if you're wanting a full on decked out deck.
Would have given it 5 stars but only a handful of the dinosaurs move. They are still awesomely detailed though. if you like dinosaurs as a kid or an adult this would be the good set to get. It has a wide variety of dinosaurs.
Bought these mainly as cake toppers for my son's cake. The vehicles are the perfect size and I like how you're able to move the pieces to position them on the cake however you like. And of course, my son will be able to play with them afterwards. My only complaint, the stickers on the signs look like they were in a rush while applying. I wasn't able to use most of the signs, because when trying to fix/remove/replace the stickers, they just ripped. Which is why I knocked off one star. But all in all, I'd definitely recommend this kit. My son loves construction trucks and he could care less if a sticker is crooked!
Bigger than I thought. Came dirty though.
Needed for sons birthday cake... they were okay, but over priced. But it's a name brand so it's okay to over change I guess.
GREAT invites and thank yous for the price!
My 2 1/2 year old son loves it... sometimes the remote doesnt make it go but for the most part it works well :)
The slime is very sticky
Super cute pool! Well made, but shade mushroom does not hold air as well or stay upright. Plenty of room for a couple of little ones or for parent to sit with baby/toddler. My little one loves the inflatable play things that came with it.
Very bright, turns easily. Drawback, batteries do NOT last long at all, even running with the lights off.
Should have come with directions on how to put each piece together
Granddaughter loved the instruments
These took a while to become available....then they took forever to come in. They are used for the pennies in cash drawers and work better than paper rolls.
As advertised. Quick delivery and prompt notification of dispatch, tracking etc
It is good for kids in learning age. Came fast.
This squishy is really soft and slow rising but when I got my squishy it has little defects on the top but you can only see it if you look really close! Overall this squishy I would recommend!!
Good product to use to get the kid's coding. The foam body allows it to fly without leaving any marks around the room. The cats found it very interesting to watch. As with most coding drones, it is best to use indoors where it cannot get lost or influenced by wind.
Cute, all have worked so far. Good price.
I really like this but I wish they would have put the key loop through the strap part of the hammer instead of drilling a hole in the shaft
Durable and fun for my toddler, only wish it was a bit larger.
The puzzle was excellent-but-it took 3 weeks to arrive-from England!
It was a cute weird gift, I wish the tail would have been fluffier
Was bigger than I anticipated
Great for kids. No instructions came with package
It's exactly what it looks like a toddlers plastic T ball set. Nothing to report other than it is what we were looking for and it works fine.
Cool. Is beautiful. It comes very well wrapped and nothing damaged.
It's an action figure. Arrived as expected. Giving it four stars because the seller could spend a little extra on packaging. It came in a small, clear, plastic bag.
This is very amusing, we thought it would be a little more complex,, definitely a small kids game. Your basic take on hot potatoes. But as adults it's only a one time game every now and then for a laugh.
bought for my baby girl who has a disability lots of balls to keep her playing for hours
The teepee was easy to assemble. I did have to reinforce the ties because some were too loose. It was a huge hit for my 2 1/2 year old grandson.
This is a very stylish walker. Love the fact that it is wooden! Overall I'm definitely happy with the purchase. It's a little more difficult to assemble but if you have an screw gun you will be good to go!
Cupcakes looked so cute with these on top!
They are wonderful, they fit my daughters stuff and look great under her new loft bed with her princess folded out couch.
very good squishys and my daughter LOVES then
This is a fun game, though it doesn't take very long to play. A good time filler when you have just a few minutes and want to do something fun. My 10-year-old enjoys it.
I like that the ladder is sturdy and can hold a good amount of weight. It has clasp to help secure that kids aren't just pulling the ladder on and off, increasing safety. The only reason I gave a 4 stars out of 5 is that the bolts were a little difficult to secure while trying to use the Allen key for the screws. That just made the assembly a little longer than expected.
Larger then expected and excellent quality. Highly recommend to all fingerling lovers!
Nice costume hat. Packaging was disappointing. Loose in a box, with no protective covering. It had dust particles on it.
My son love the toy dog, but the dog is very small than expected.
I used this product in my sensory table in my preschool classroom. Just the right size for little fingers. The children enjoyed mixing and matching animals
Size made it easier for child to move when she wanted to. All items in photo were not included.
This a a great set of construction vehicles due to the variety and the size -- not too small, not too big -- but they are pretty cheaply made. Our boys (5, 2) love these, but the little plastic trailer hitch pieces broke on the very first day, and the stabilizers for the dump truck broke shortly thereafter. Some kids are hard on toys, but ours truly aren't. Not a big deal, but if you're looking for something more durable... keep looking...
These are very cute and entertaining for kids.
Bought the same item from this listing but from two separate sellers and got two very different products. The first set of protectors I bought would close just like a normal funko pop box would, but the other you have to pull back the tab just a little bit. Both protectors work fine, but it would be nice to have some product consistency from the same listing.
granddaughter likes it
Cute toys we will see how they do after some use
The was about 25 or so that were dim or too hard to turn on. The part that goes around the finger is like a thick rubber band, the green colored ones had bands that were on the verge of breaking. So about 3/4 of them are good. not bad for the price. I would buy again
4 stars for doing what it does. (accelerates super glue to instant curing. But container is small and mine leaked out some product during shipping. Larger container for less money available HD site now.
This car is very fast and very realistic. The only downside is that, due to its small size, it often flips over on hard turns. However it is definitely worth it for the price!
Game was a little pricey for what's inside, but it really is a blast. I like how the cards are all very self explanatory, and the game has friendly vibe to it. There are some cards that are directed at opponents, but for the most part everyone is just trying to achieve the same goal. Fairly easy to teach too which is nice. The board really does add a cool dynamic to the game which sets it apart from other deck builders. Overall very happy with it, and worth the money I think.
Charge is slow, but if your not in a hurry it works great.
My daughter lives playing with these at the doctors and when Christmas came around I didn't even know I could get one until Amazon! It's smaller than I thought it would be in size but it's great for her the way! I would say small for adults, normal for kids. :)
son wanted this pair and loves the taco related theme.........
Great! The hinges for the cargo doors up top are not so great.
I love tent. The size is perfect actually bigger then I expected. I would have given this a 5 star but one side of the Velcro was sewed incorrectly. I can only open one side but I have found velcro st home and will be fixing it. It took us 5 minutes to built... i would def vuy this item again!!!
I liked how it will turn off when you blow the candle. Very useful especially if you have an event in a place where real candles are prohibited
Good price. Durable. Kids loved it.
great a bit small but still usefull
Amazing squishy.i got the bear and the bestie was a cake,I was confused because in the image they showed a pink top but when I got it I had a yellow top.but still it is a very nice squishy and I woul recommend you buy it.
My niece loves her little drums! Great material. This cute instrument is making her very excited, the sound is good and I would recommend that for a kid.
Great for the price. It does have a weird lean to it, like the poles should be spaced out differently. It is pretty durable so far, my dog and kid play in it together. I have had to reattach poles a couple of times from their rough-housing. It is a lot bigger than I expected and my kiddo loves it!
I actually thought it would feel softer. Then I realized it had wires in it so it would stand and could bend at the neck. I purchased this giraffe to attach a ticket to the zoo for my grandson. It will work well for that purpose. I love its expression and I know he will enjoy adding it to his collection of plush animals.
Really cute set for a girls birthday party that also had some boy guests. Only negative was the strings were too long and didn't fit snug on the kid's heads and kept coming off of the mask.
Nice quality beads. Would have given 5 stars if clasps included had been a little better...nothing like making a nice necklace to have the clasp keep breaking making them unwearable.
Nice comparability to Lego figures. They mix well and my kids love the extra set of figures to play with along their Lego figures. The come in pieces so there is some assembly required.
My kid loves it but the top part keeps popping off.
It spins very smoothly, however, my kittens can only stop it and sometimes get the idea to move it themselves.
We got this for our almost 1 year old. He loves it!
The bobble head doesn't move as it should
Her complexion was a little ashen, but my granddaughter loves her. The holding finger part was, meh, really doesn't work that well. Overpriced.
This little drone is fun for a while, it's pretty easy to set up and use, and good for the price. It won't record video and you won't have extremely precise control over it, but it is fun to play around with. Keep in mind that it is for indoor use, if there's any wind at all it will probably get knocked out of the sky. For indoor use it works very well though, it's really small and light so there's not much damage it could cause. The battery also only lasts for 5 minutes even though it takes a couple hours to charge, but that's fairly common with such small drones at this price point. The only annoying things about this drone are - 1) The packaging; everything is zip-tied in AND taped down, making it extremely difficult to open and unpack. This was common with toys many years ago, but I thought companies had realized this was very unnecessary. 2) The controller requires a screwdriver and four AAA batteries, which at least for me, were not included. The drone itself is rechargeable which is nice, but it would be great if the controller was as well. They could at least not require a screwdriver to take off the back panel, so the batteries were easier to change. 3) The drone got stuck on the ceiling a few times, even after resetting it, changing the batteries, etc. It didn't occur too often, but enough to make the 'annoying' list. By stuck I mean that it stopped receiving any communication from the controller, went all the way to the ceiling, and stayed there until it was either physically removed or the battery died. Despite the little annoying things it's a fun little toy, great for kids because it can't cause much damage and it's pretty easy to fly.
Exactly as described.
it was a gift heard she loved it
Sprinkler like item so you must run water at all times but the kids loved it..easy to set up so doesnt require much effort
Trucks are kind of small and not as detailed as I thought they would be but my grandson is wild about Blaze and he loved them. I guess that's all that matters.
It's kinda sticky when playing it, but it's not pointy at all. Good for kids under 3.
It was a gift and the man I gave it to love it,
We used these in conjunction with our outdoor classroom. The kids also could win them.
Runs nice but directions are vague. I would have liked an exploded view schematic. Drift tires seem plastic and more like hot wheels tires. Overall after putting on rubber road tires this car scoots pretty good. May upgrade motor and some other parts but overall a good value.
Given as a Christmas gift. It was Cheaper at Walmart. The game was a requested gift for a nephew.
The online code worked, and everything was inside.
These are great but I've purchased 2 of them and they aren't very durable. I'll keep buying though.
Product is as described and arrived in a timely fashion packaged well. This was purchased as a gift.
The harvest farm little people tractor goes along great with the little people farm. When you drive the tractor the front end of the tractor moves back n forth. It is very cool, very happy with this purchase!
child loves all things ducks. Wish it was a little bigger and had wings.
The puppets are very kid friendly but they are a little difficult to put on finger
Very nice quality, They are a bit difficult for 2 year olds, my grandson is 2 1/2 and it's a bit advanced for him, it actually took me w while to put the zebra together. I put away and will let him try in a few months.
This is great curling ribbon, and a great deal to get multiple colors. Be aware that the rolls are very small, however they do have a decent amount on each roll. I was able to wrap all of my Christmas presents, and only ran out of the green.
Purchased for a 4 year old's birthday, she loves it! It was easy to put together and the sound is really amazing for what it is. Its not high quality materials (but what do you expect for a $10 item??) She is having such fun with it, and it was the highlight of her birthday. It probably won't last years, and I don't expect it to. She's only 4! but she'll enjoy singing and hearing her voice projected for the duration. Great gift!
I bought this for a gag gift for Christmas. It was perfect for that. Otherwise it is very small.
This kit is just okay. It it fun, however the paint drops to the bottom even after using the solution provided to keep it floating. Not the prettiest set of colors.
Easy to wash off and my baby girl enjoyed it! Although I wish there were a few more colors
I ordered one and got three
Cute and lightweight- but the arm was broken off when it arrived. It was an easy fix with superglue, but don't love that it was broken.
In my household you can't go wrong with a Melissa and Doug puzzle. The reason for 4 starts is the illustration of the rino and hippo. They just seem a little wacky. I've seen another version with similar animals, by M & D and the animals seem clearer. It's still a great puzzle though.
Nice train set but the track connections are not very tight leaving gaps when the battery powered trains ride on it causing the trains to veer off the track.
My oldest grandson who is 8 uses it okay but my younger grandkids have a hard time maneuvering it.
My boys love it! Worth the buy. Good practice for coordination. Good practice for color matching and learning colors.
Personally I see zero appeal to this game but my boys absolutely love it. So do all of the neighbor kids so there's clearly something about it that appeals. If it were just for me I would give it one star because I find it excruciatingly dull, but for them it's got to be five. So I gave it four because I just couldn't bear to give it five :). They request this comes out constantly. There's tons of pieces so we made our own box organizer out of Legos to simplify set up so that the kids can play on their own. There's a whole group of 5 to 7 year old neighborhood boys they like to get together and play.
We use these launchers for our youth ministry, and launch a lot of different things from them. I have never seen anything go 500 yards, but they do what we need them to do. We stretch them to their maximum length, and have had a couple snap, but for the most part, they hold up just fine, and provide us with the tools to play lots of different games.
some were folding in packing and unable to straighten out, there are several in a pack and I only needed 3
the sticker isnt the same as the pic
I love the look and it seems very durable. Needs to be sealed and wish I'd known that before I bought it. So I could treat it before Christmas
I used to have the exact same one when I was a teenager, I just had to get one for my son.
I really like Kid O brand, I definitely think that it's over priced but I'm sure a lot goes into their creative processes. This toy only works well when you can keep the figure with the Dino, and my one year old likes to lose the figure, but he thinks it's hilarious when you put him/her onto the Dino and it roars. I think he will play with it for several years and its a nice quality toy.
Quick Delivery, great product as described .
I got this for my 10 month old grandson, he is trying to walk and this helped by giving him something to hang on to push. It could be a little heavier, to give him more stability trying to walk.
Very comfortable! Fits a little short
Well made, It is just very small.
Kind of a pain to put together and smaller than I thought. But overall, for the price, it's a good purchase.
It's my 11 month olds first riding toy it's a little light weight however she's not afraid of it and she actually pushes it and it's make teaching her to walk
I ordered 3 of these and yes there were a lot of duplicates which is expected and not always a bad thing. What I didn't like is that I got duplicate rare cards that are useless. Overall pretty good buy. Not really useful to build a deck though.
DECENT. VERY COMFY BUT WONT LAST FOREVER. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR
Kid likes it but has some glitches. He loves that it toots.
fun toys but easy to broken. my boys only play few minutes the toys already broken. maybe just my boy is too destructive. lol
We've had a long road and many setbacks when potty training my 4 year old daughter. We started the potty training journey at 2-1/2 years then we had many life changes and interruptions and soon to embark on a move which might cause another setback but I'm trying to get ahead of it. We tried rewards, taking privileges away, talking to her to see what we can do to help and why she doesn't make it to the potty in time. We finally decided on a potty watch at the beginning on October. It was a cheap one that sang but it worked very well when we kept it on the kitchen counter. I then sent her to school with it on her wrist hoping today would be they day we don't have an accident at school. It worked I picked her up no accident! When we got home I took the watch off and put it on the counter it never sang the rest of the day. Tried changing the batteries but still nothing. It must have gotten wet when she washed her hands. So that brings me to this watch, I needed something that wasn't a high tech game watch and not aother cheap one that will stop working when splashed on. CONS: Takes a bit of time to program and slightly confusing A bit bulky for my 4 year olds wrist More expensive than I wanted to pay The button is a bit tough for my daughter to press then the alarm vibrates The packaging in the box was already opened. It looked like I was sold a pre-owned used watch. The papers inside were bent, the face of the watch has scratches in it. PROS: It has worked, we realized her accidents were from her holding it too long. I like that I can customize the daily schedule and later when we conquer potty training we can add other tasks.
Fun game. The box doesn't feel durable for long term use.
I like how the Buffalo puzzles includes a picture of the puzzle inside the box, so you're not always having to flip the cover of the box over.
The product is great, but all the coins shifted during shipment.
This kitchen set arrived as described (navy blue) with four cooking utensils, one plate, and two wooden pots. (The play food and red pots in the photos were NOT part of the kitchen and were ordered separately). I love how simple the design is. Both doors open nicely, and my 2 year old loves putting things in and out of it. He has played with it every day since we put it together. A negative is... It took a long time to put together- over and hour- and my husband had a difficult time putting it together alone (it's a two person job). It's not as sturdy as we expected- but it seems like he will get a lot of use out of it!
My some loved it not bad for the price ran a little small in size
This is a cute bag and a funny idea. I'm not sure the amount of cotton candy you get is justifiable to the price but that is overcome by the novelty.
My daughter loves this toy to feed her little monkey Curious George.
Lots of fun but the battery only last about 5-7 minutes
Grandkids really enjoyed it. It uses alot of water so we won't be using it too often in water conservative California.
Its a great little solo game that you can play almost anywhere. Takes only minutes to learn and it improves the classic solitaire card game by making it a dungeon crawl.
Maui is a little dark but other than that I love these 😁
my son loves these toys! way better price than target!
I love the 24 and 8 cell organizers. My drawers are so much neater. My bras don't even come close to fitting.
Great for 5 year olds. My grand daughter loved it.
The handle doesn't slide up and down as smoothly as I'd like, and the pieces that keep the sides from folding in occasionally pop off, but otherwise it works well.
My baby girl loved her tent and other items. Her and her brother had breakfast in it. Easy to set up. A seam came apart by the plastic rod, but my babies play rough lol
With all the lower ratings out there I decided to write a review since I have now done 2 of these. I did add an extra step which made a big difference, and that was I used shampoo then conditioner. I brushed them out while they had conditioner on them. The other thing is I (or an adult) trimmed the hair between the eyes, and above the eyes so you could see the eyes and nose.
Not as nice quality as the brand dice, but still are very pretty.
We got what we expected. pool use. Very durable and heavy duty. Love them
Overall very nice, the band straps could be better but the band itself is fine. Without my reading glasses I mistook the second hand for the minute hand but if you can see normally it is readable.
Very cute toy but my son loses all the pieces. I have to keep it high up so that he doesn't lose them all the time. I do like that it says a lot of phrases and it helps them with sharing. I also love that it has different stages and it's a toy that can grow with him.
No need to assemble. Wheels are very smooth. My baby loves it
We bought this specifically to use while we traveled over the holidays. It is nice and small which makes it easier to take with us and doesn't take as much room as a full size pack n play. I love the vibration features as well. My son was 2 months old when we used this and there wasn't too much room left for growing in the bassinet portion, which is fine since the rest of it is big enough for him to grow!
Got it for my 4 yrs old neice she loved it. 😊
Nice for the swimming pool..
My daughter loves this! It functions and looks so real. She is a new 6 year old and it is a good size for her, for years to come! Her 18 inch and 21 inch ashton drake dolls fit in them! They are user friendly and she can buckle her doll in, put the handle up and down and latch and unlatch from the base all by herself. The one complaint that I have (as mom who drives the car) is that the bases could be a little easier to install and remove from the car so I am not stuck with baby doll bases in there all the time. Other than that, awesome real life toy product!
As others have said, this toy makes A LOT of noise! I was able to cover the speaker with tape (my go-to fix for loud toys) but it really just takes the edge off. But the lights and music and crazy motion are so entertaining for my 4-year-old it's just bearable if I send him to play on the hard floor of the kitchen since it doesn't work well on carpeting ;)
I love wearing this suit. It's warm, it's cute, and it comes with a kelp, which has its own pocket and button to keep it safe. As far as care, I put it in the washing machine to wash, and hang it over a door to dry. I strongly recommend safety pinning or otherwise securing the stuffing layer in the tail before putting it in the machine. I didn't, and the stuffing all balled up to the side. It's been a challenge trying to get it to lay properly since.
lasted quite a while with constant re-use. I'm genuinely impressed by these.
Nice set but the colors are too neon for my taste. Might be okay for a tween/teen.
The bear was very soft and cuddly. The only thing I didn't like about the bear was that in order to play the recording you had to hold both paws at the same time and the least disconnect would make it stop and you had to start all over again.
Good figure. Nice details
This is a good well made costume. My son loves it because he really looks like Harry Potter in it and I love it because the material it's made from is not cheap and thin. Removing one star because because the picture shows that there is a clasp to close the robe at the neckline. The actual costume does not and it would be nice to have.
We used this set for both sand and play doh and it's great. There are some different types of toys in here I've never seen before. Great set, I'd agree with all the tray is a bit short but we just used our actual sand tray. Great purchase!
Too expensive, compared to roll caps.
They're nice little wands. Thick plastic. I bought three sets. Two from this vendor and one from another. Out of the two I bought here one of them broke in half within about 20 minutes of opening. Maybe I got one that was weak in a spot or just bad luck. The ties and glasses are good quality. The glasses are metal and not cheap plastic so they look more realistic. Even with my bad luck with one I would still recommend this set for any Harry Potter lovers.
This is sweet and my daughter loves it. However, my husband had to drill some of the holes, as they were not pre-drilled like they were supposed to be.
My granddaughter is crazy about Rapunzel, and will love this. However, the handle was not connected to the roof, so cannot be carried like it shows. If arranged carefully, all items can be shut inside the house. The windows of the hose even open. I just wish the handle wasn't broken.
Bought this solely for the spider man one for my boyfriend who loves Spider-Man & he SWEARS up and down that it smells like cookies... but girl i took a whiff of that thing and smelled a whole NOSE FULL of strong chemicals! Idk what's wrong with his nose but honey i wouldn't take another big whiff of that thing if you payed me... I'm pretty sure the smell kills brain cells instantly because there's no way in heck that it smells like cookies! product is perfect otherwise it's just the smell up for debate.
Fun set of squishies! Bigger than we expected and they smell really good!
Just Incase you think you might have a problem molding it the first time - get back up powder and glue just Incase because it was a little struggle for me lol.
Ok, not the greatest quality. But perfect for a 3 year old. Very cute.
good product and purchase!
Gift for granddaughter who is crazy about squishies. They are great quality and smelled nice. The unicorn cake is her fav!
The T-Rex was very cute but I hated that it was 5 days later than what it was supposed to be here
The suction does not work! But my baby loves the toys!!
My 7 year old daughter loved this! She loves anything creepy so this was perfect. The Velcro on the back didn't want to stick and I had to constantly keep fixing it which is why I took one star off, but the material itself was very soft and comfortable and the mask fit perfect and she was able to easily move it to the top of her head to see better while we were trick or treating. The gloves were of good quality too.
Fun game on rainy day with niece and nephews. Order was promptly delivered too.
Fun game. Can be offensive to some.
Bucket swing is perfect for babies and toddlers. I didn't like the tree straps included as they seemed to rub with every swing. Recommend another tree strap for this product.
Fun toy, each ball has a unique noise. Only unfortunate aspect is that since they have the speaker inside (nor a way to remove it) they can't be washed simply by being thrown in the washer. At least I don't want to risk damaging the speaker by trying...
Excellent quality. Actual product looks much better than the photos!
My daughter loves squishies so I got this set for her. The last set I got her and her friends played with them and really had fun with them. This set is also good. My daughter was so excited to see them, she loves the milk. I'm the one who was disappointed because the packaging was bad. They were just squeezed in a small box and taped, no plastic whatsoever. I will still give it a 4 coz it didn't affect the quality, my daughter still loves them however I would rather receive something that is more nicely packaged.
I have bought two sets of these and would buy them again.
My daughter and friends LOVED these. Totally worth the money.
My daughter loves this. It would be nice if it was a better quality and she could actually really sweep and get stuff with it. They should make the bristles like a real sweeper.
We gifted this at a White Elephant. This game only seems to last as entertainment a short while as there isn't a huge purpose to it, but it is funny at first.
Good purchase. We used them on a road trip to keep the kids entertained.
Great Hat but packaged flat and hard to get creases out
Cute and fun for ages 12 months to 3 yrs. Just make sure your three-year-old doesn't swing it around 😬
Great toy! My son's love it! This was the only playmobil toy I've ever put together but it was a pain! Pieces were difficult to find as they were for the most part all mixed together. Playmobil needs to do what LEGO does with their sets and divide the pieces out into smaller bags and label the bags into steps.
Bought this for my son as he kept getting his leg stuck in his crib and I was afraid he would hurt himself. I used his crib mattress and since he rolls off it I had to buy a rail to keep him in until he's a little older. I really like it. It's super easy to put together and wash. I really only have 2 complaints. 1. There was something on this that broke out the skin on his face so I washed it and it got better. 2. The sides will not pull tight enough so my son doesn't fall in the sides. He likes to push up on the sides of his bed when he sleeps. But other than those 2 issues, 1 of which was easily resolved its worth buying!
My son loved it I was hoping the puzzle was a little bigger
Pretty good quality for the price. Stays on head easily, which is important when used for an ice show.
It did not have the glue to stick the teeth
Pricey but looks good. Have not hung yet to try.
Nice really put and extra bling on the car
Our granddaughter is only about 18 months old, so she is supervised when she plays with these. But she loves them. She is learning the magnetic properties and starting to correctly identify letters by shape. Also learning colors. Plus she loves the clear backpack. She likes to put her other toys in it to carry around. A couple of the letters are showing some tearing but still holding up pretty well to rough play.
a little on the thin side but looks really nice
Wanted it to amuse pediatric patients. It could be cuter.
This is not like the softer squishy binders you see in Walmart. It's a hard plastic material. It's very durable was just a little disappointed that it was not soft, but the price was much more acceptable.
This was a gift for my great grandson and looks like it will be great fun for him. He just turned 2 and loves to bang on anything he can get his little chubby hands on.Since it was shipped out of town I don't know how it was received, yet. But looks like great fun
My child loved it and for that, I still gave it 4 stars. Otherwise I would have gone lower for lack of durability. The detail and mobility of the inkling girl is great. The drawback is the they poorly designed the joints. One of her wrists broke after a day of use. The knees buckle backwards which prevents her from standing straight or certain poses.
Yes, it is small. Yes, it is the NES ROM, no it is not perfect. But everyone had a ball playing it.
I recently got on a gaming kick which led me to discovering the Table Top video series that Wil Wheaton hosted for a few seasons. Roll For It! was one of the games he played and it looked like it would be good fun for the family. Turns out it was. My 13 year-old daughter with Down syndrome loves playing it and won the first two games we played. I even bought a second copy of the game so my 18 year-old daughter could take it with her as she started her freshman year at college. I don't think she has actually busted it out, but it could still be a nice way of meeting some friends. The game itself is easy enough to get going. Shuffle the deck, lay out three cards, and...roll for it! It can get a little boring if you have a couple of 20 point cards up at the same time but otherwise it is a fast-paced game that is fun for almost all ages.
My sons Christmas gift and so cool! The wheels light up which is a huge hit! Looks awesome in the dark!
Smaller than expected, so this became a gift for younger family members. Nice fun item though.
Small plush. My son fully enjoys.
Cute but you need a very flat thin table to get it to fit so make sure to check that out first
It is nice to have all the colors, but I would like a stronger case so the colors do not dry out so fast.
The floatie worked well for the first few weeks. The leg holes are a little snug and left lines on my son's thighs. The bottom portion of the floatie had a small leak in it after a few weeks of using. It offers great sun protection if you manipulate it a bit to keep it from falling in the kiddo's face.
Red not blue. Cute. Hard to wash. Best for children ages 1 thru 4
I love my hippopotamus! I only wish that the whole song would play - not just the beginning! That's reason I only gave it 4 stars
My 2 year old son loves shapes right now so I got this. He likes the pieces and naming them and they liked putting them in the house. Bad things about it is the door to get the shapes back open my kids couldn't figure out easily how to open it which it is hard to open and then it easily breaks from the hinges. The door is now broke somewhere.
Ordered for a birthday present. Cute but face a little odd.
Very pretty desk. Easy to put together. However, you get what you pay for and it's fake wood. I still love it though!
The only annoying thing is that you have to set a timer on it instead of an alarm based on the time. It makes it hard to have it set at the same time every night because I am lazy :)Other than that it has been a great aide for my 2 and 3 year old to know what time it is.
It is a well-made excavator that gets played with a lot and it has a few connectors that are (overall) good in that they seem to not want to break although (granddad) has to repair attachments from use!
More difficult than you might think. Some players get it and really fly. Fun
So i bought these on a whim and they were medium smallish. Which was ok cause this was really just for fun. When breaking these geodes open i wrapped them up in a old towel because using a old sock didn't really work out so well. It is a bit difficult breaking these without completely destroying them, but i think that takes practice. Since buying this kit i have bought more and each time I am able to crack them with out crumbling them to dust. It fun and good for beginners
My kids like these. They last for quite awhile
I bought one for my son and then a second a week later for myself to fire off in the backyard and not chase the ammo for pickup. If you are an intelligent person who is capable of working out the loading mechanics, this is a 4 star gun, cost considered. Fires far and comes with a lot of stuff. Looks great. May buy a 3rd. :)
My 8 yr old was happy to open them all but was upset that she got several duplicates. One character she got 4 of.
It is a good learning tool for kids. My kids enjoy taking it apart and finding the way(s) to put it back together. Keeps them entertained
My son loves this dinosaur set! The vehicles are slightly cheaply made and one broke the first time he played with it but everything else is perfect and just as described. There were no missing pieces, it was all packaged well, we received it in great time, and we enjoy it very much.
use these in the pool all the time. love it!
This was a great toy for our plane ride until my four-year-old took the cover off and water was everywhere. My two-year-old and six-year-old left the cover on and loved of the
Very sturdy, fun to put together. Good quality. Fun for family to put together.
We love it but the kid REALLY wails on things with that hammer. Also the balls take quite a slam to get through the hole.
Came in perfect condition but was concerned with the disregard to packaging. Was definitely lucky
Bought this for my little girl for her birthday, she absolutely loves any kind of squishies. She probably has over 40 of them in her bedroom but that is not nearly as much as she needs. She loves to squish it and watch it rise up and then squish it again. All I could see is joy in my little girl's face when I gave it to her. Kids love squishies. Good buy.
seems quite like i expected. my game fits easily in the bag. It is lighter than my wooden case. It works.
It was ok but not very sturdy.Would have been better off driving to K Mart a half hour away and purchasing there.
It was perfect for what I was planning. Correct size, heavy plastic, cute face and body. Only thing I could improve would be glass eyes.
They are pretty cool, but don't drop them. Very easy to dent the metal ring.
I'm a grandma. It took a few hours to put together and it was a bit confusing, but it's done and he loves it!
This was a great toy! My 3 year old loved it!
Love this doll of Alexa Bliss but I had to order 2 of them because the first one I got had the wrong face mold. Not amazons fault but still is very annoying to have to order another.
It needs to be big enough to hold ALL the disks or come with two holders. We have disks all over the place and no good way to keep them, but my son LOVES his creature suit and is so excited to have all the powers.
Used them for work and everyone loved them!
The costume is great! I'm very pleased with what I got. Being an adult M i wasn't sure if i was going to need the next size up in order for it to fit. Thankfully it fit perfectly. Unfortunately the zipper gets stuck so bad. Last night I need help to get the zipper up, today no one can get the zipper up. It's not a size issue it's just the zipper. Ruins the look if the zipper doesn't zip!
All I care about is that my granddaughter loved it. My daughter in law put it together and had no problem. Thanks!
I bought this for my son for Halloween this year. He loved it. It fit very well. It could have been my error in not realizing that the pants did not come with it. Luckily I found a pair of leggings this color that worked out great. The costume is made well. He can play in it even now and it still looks good. My only qualm was that it only came with the tunic and hat.
Good for cute puppy art that we are making but some of them were flatten. I need to puff it out.
I liked the price for what you got. It's true it is just the cards and not the toys but it's says that in the add so I don't see why people think it did. Sadly a few things in the pack came out damaged specifically the cores (the metal cards) they were bent a bit still useable but for somebody who collects cards it's sad to see. The cards look to be damaged when I got the packs but seemed to be fine when I opened them up. Overall for the price I am okay with it I will probably get a few more.
I didn't expect much for this price, so I was not disappointed. I was hoping there was some shading in the dots but I added that myself with a black Sharpie. They are good for my purposes.
Daughter love this high chair for her baby Alive! Great purchase!
Alternative to Legos. I haven't seen a building set that acts as an RC car before. Thought that was pretty cool feature. Nice project to to do with your child. Takes time, but that is a nice thing. Instructions were a little hard to follow but we figured it out.
Adorable hide and seek game that is a great first game.
Good quality, but pricey. But my daughter loved it!
K'Nex makes good toys but over-packages in the extreme. In this set, some of the individual pieces (such as the eyes and feet) were individually wrapped in plastic, then put into a larger plastic bag with other pieces, which in turn was put into a display box that was 2 or 3 times bigger than necessary. That had been shipped individually to Amazon individually in a snugly-fitting brown box, which Amazon shipped to me in yet a far larger box. Surely, if they wanted to, the companies involved could reduce the environmental cost of all this. That said, it is fun, creative, and mostly sturdy. (The eyes, less so.)
My daughter liked this set.
Great, but can't get the pen end pieces to stay in while we pull the cap off. She just uses it without that end and loves all the different sounds and the extension and light.
I bought this for my daughter and was somewhat disappointed. If all you're looking for is a ball pit or something big and colorful.. you'll be pleased. If you're looking for it to be bouncy as suggested you'll be disappointed. It is large and would make a great ball pit for several younger kids. It does take awhile to blow up because of it's size and an air compressor is definitely recommend.
Overall this was a good product! A few sticks didnot work. May have been because of the shipping. The box was kind of roughed up. They glow bright and worked great.
Arrived earlier than expected and had everything we needed for a great Halloween
I love this puzzle. It will take a while but it is so cool looking.
it's one of the best party games around.
Really nice inflatable for my toddler in the pool. It's pretty stable and kinda hard to flip. I've seen horror videos where floats would easily flip and the child would get stuck in it. Not so much with this one.
I gave this as a birthday gift to my friends one year old and she loved it. The price was beyond reasonable. It does have to be completely assembled. I didn't know that before the party so I was in the hallway assembling it with moments to spare. It lights up and makes sounds. The baby loved it and took to it immediately. So she's the one who actually rated the product for me. Great gift for a 1st birthday! Very durable and sturdy. She was able to grasp the handle and it didn't take off with her like I expected the wheels clicked giving her time to take her steps.
It's cute and fun but the back wheels don't like to stay on the ground and even roll for that matter. Not very good traction either but it was fun and once he was older and ALREADY walking he had fun with it. I mean it was good for him to stand up with and play with but if your wanting them to learn to walk with it you have to stand behind them the whole time helping steer and keep it on the ground. Not fun
I like this because the string launcher was little bit short but it was still powerful.
They were Christmas presents for my boys. They did work and they liked them.
Its a little tricky to learn to fly it but its a lot of fun. Glad I got it!
Gave this to my daughter on Christmas. We popped in the batteries and it works great. I think she will get a lot of use out of it.
Everything ordered was accurate, on time and exactly as shown. Thank you!
Kid loves it. Was a bit expensive, so here's hoping it lasts for several years...and kid still likes Pokemon in several years. Sturdy, well made. Smooth zipper. Doesn't seem like it's showing any problems in the weeks of use so far. The water bottle pouch is a bit narrow. Will fit a standard single-use water bottle, but none of our kid-sized reusables bottles. Only minor complaint there.
Would have 5 stars but some of the print is light/faded so I wish the quality was a little better. That being said my kids actually think they are fun! Small chores that everyone can do! Like the blanks too so I can add specific things to our house.
Great quality product. Super fast shipper!
Nice and durable material. The lights and sound effects are really cool along with the vibrations it gives off between shooting different ammo and when getting hit. It took a min to get used to functionality of it but after the fact they work well. The vests work on my 4 year old all the way up to me so fun all around. Bought for family fun and with neighbor kids
This is a beautiful cushion and well made, BUT it did not fit the toy box. It was a gift for a grandchild and I would have returned it, but instead she is using it as a floor mat to play on.
I bought this for my dog. He loves jumping through the water. He gets great exercise playing with the water. I water my grass and give my dog a good workout at the same time
Great package of so many instruments. My son is just over 2 and only somewhat interested. But he has options when he comes around. Everything seems manufactured well except instruments with bells. The bell balls fall off a little too easily. I think if we clamp them on a bit it'll be fine, but be warned with little mouths around.
I really like this cat and so does my 3 yr old daughter. She's been carrying it around since she got it. The face feels like there is a cardboard structure under the fur, but the rest of the body is soft. I'm very happy with it minus the fact the nose is crooked on its face. 😒
Perfect size, color and design for my 6 yr old granddaughter. She will be able to play for a few years. I didn't put together but I understand there were a few issues ... nothing major.
Its funny but not loud enough
Nice quick delivery in very good condition.
Thought it was a figure,turns out it's a model kit.
You just get blank sheets of paper with None of the cutouts shown on box. Shrinking works perfectly in regular oven, however.
Suds up alot s stopping was necessary for the suds in the machine to clear.
This turned out better than I expected. I loved painting this.
This was my birthday gift for my 6 year old niece. She loves it and don't want to take it off. Its beautiful dress fits her perfectly and it's exactly as picture. When I opened it some glitters are falling off and smell bad I hanged it for overnight in air and smell was gone. All the accessories that came with it are very good quality and well made.
Fun game, gets old quickly though.
My little girl loves this! It is a good product compared to the expensive Barbie brand. The pieces in this set were hard to snap together but we got it done.
Not the best quality, but not the worst. My 4 year old loves it. Even though the grille came off..
has plastic cords , was looking for actual quitar strings
Very nice mat! Super cute and my kids love it. However we did not receive the bean bags.
My son seemed to love it, all different figures. Pricey, but he was happy.
Wouldn't say it's worth 40 bucks.... missle won't shoot and the slide is cheap and falls off but my son loved it so I guess that counts for somthing. 40 bucks tho 🤨
Grandkids love to play with these. They are going to get a lot of use.
We got this for my daughter's fourth birthday & she loves it! She has an amazing imagination and this encourages creative play! I hear her making up stories about the Mer family in her room during quiet time. They are very well made but I do believe it's pricey. I wish the shell they come in was more substantial and sturdy.
Recommend this product . couple of times kids enjoy playing with it
The kids had fun catching ants and watching them. We are still in the beginning stages so we don't have any real tunnels yet. It does cost more to get ants.
Connections are not as solid as our Duplo sets but they do work ok. For the money, it's a good addition and my grandchildren loved having all the extra pieces.
Very good float! It's high quality for the price, but the color fades a little(probably from rain) the float is kind of hard to blow up but once you get it, it stays blown up
This is a great item. I thought for the price it could possibly be junk. It is not. Sound activation is pretty good (could be a little better but overall from what I have seen out there is definitely a step up). Eyes light up and makes good noise. I recommend. Great value!
Good quality. Bright colors. Just wish it came with a description or insert that identified what each of the dinosaurs are. My son knew a few of them but the rest we had to look up online. But very good quality.
A little small and hard for water volleyball.
Like the connecting feature. Fairly well made but the green one already lost its light. A 2 and 4 year playing with them pretty hard, they have held up better than expected.
Looks bigger online.
it was hit! my daughter loved it!
My daughter loves it.
Color was off. Gold on wording is very yellow. Gold on glasses was good.
I bought the cheapest ones I could, and I got what I paid for, so no complaints, but if you want better quality try a different brand. They worked for most of my 5 hour party then started doing whacky things or shut off... so they served their purpose. Maybe just better batteries (if I can change them out) will make them last longer or maybe they still wont work. I dont know and may never find out again. Will probably hand them out for Halloween next year.
Worked fine for my gangster costume. Only puffs smoke once or twice so dont try it out first if you want to have any left for the party.
Nice looking banner and looks elegant too
We got this for our twelve-year-old for Christmas I don't think that she would have the patience to learn how to fly it by herself as it's a little tricky. It is fun and of course we didn't expect top quality for this price. I'm sure once we figure out how to use it better it will be fine. I can say that it holds up to running into things really well.
Great craft for my daughter however the paint is not washable paint so it stained her clothes.
Brought this for my 4 year old Granddaughter and she loved it. I would have given in 5 stars but the wand has already broken. But in the defense of the wand my little sweetie is not the most gentle sweetie in the world. She really did adore it. She put it on the moment that she opened it and wears it just about every day.
Smaller than expected but I do love how colorful they are
The black glasses are perfect for the American Girl BOY doll. However the pink case is not. Wish there was a choice of case colors.
They work really well, they were just smaller than I expected. Still a great product though.
A nice set of playing cards. They are protected with a plastic which they should hold up well, a little slippery to hold on is the only problem.
Bought this for BD present. Seemed expensive
My 3 yo daughter uses it for her pre school nap time. It is easy to unroll and roll back by herself. And light enough to bring it too. However fabric is not as soft as I expected.
Children love these, are funny jumpers, but the quality of the paint is not the best
I would add more space for the stickers to be put back, if I were remaking this. If kids can't handle that dexterity - it doesn't last long.
Beautiful play mermaid dress fits as expected
The overall party pack is an excellent choice and value for all that you get. I took a star because the banner doesn't come already assembled nor does it have the instructions on how to do it. So it took time away from my decorating to have to figure it out. Otherwise, everything was good quality and just as described. I would definitely recommend this.
I loved the favors but i was missing one of each. instead of 12 i got 11. it was too late to return because I opened the package the day of the party. Just fyi open and check before the day of. other than that, they are great favors.
Just came in today. Nice medium sized bottle. Has a dropper tip, which I did not expect, but appreciate. It looks like it's ready to spray from an airbrush without thinning, but can easily be made to the correct consistency with airbrush flow improver or thinner.
Exactly what I expected
Putting it together was a bit of a challenge, but once constructed, it's very stable. Foldable is a stretch...
You can design models whatever you like. It's good for kids.
I bought this water toy to use on our vacation. My son had fun using the water gun. it holds lots of water and is easy to fill. The only drawback that is heave to hold
Its fun and I like it, but I wish it was a tad bigger and wider.
Love it and it fits very nicely. Took off one star ONLY because seller STATES that the way it's packaged leaves no creases or lines and that's not true. It does have visible fold lines. 😢 I hope they go away before I need it in a week or so.
We love these! This particular one wasn't as fun as the others but this busy mom still can't beat a ready to paste project.
The happy birthday balloons would not inflate . But all the others were great.
Good quality for the price. Kids had a lot of fun. Big bright and colorful.
They work for a quick one day party.
Smaller than I expected but great otherwise
Grandkids thought it was cool. A school bus on big wheels. Seems well made. They haven't been here to play with it much so not sure on durability.
My kids love Pinkfong. This is the third music book my husband and I've gotten for them. Each of them spend hours a day playing with these. All of us love music so this is an excellent gift. I deducted one star because the book claims to include batteries (the others have and the book states it) but when I turned on the book it didn't play. My 20 month old got upset. We opened the pack to find no batteries included. Thankfully, we had a few spare batteries. Check you book to make sure it has batteries before giving it to your child.
Works perfect my Toddler loves it! Only bummer is the head light doesn't work
We truly love this toy chest and it has been one of the best purchases in our 6 years (3 kids) of parenting. We were so stressed with cleaning up when we had cubes, shelves and a toy organizer with shallow bins. Everything was on display. With this chest, it is SO easy to throw everything in and get the kids to help. Holds a great deal of toys, including some large ones and a lot of stuffed animals...far more than we anticipated. Also loved that there is no installation and that the lid is easily removable so little fingers don't get smooshed. The only negative is the drawers for underneath. There is no track for them to attach to. They literally just sit/slide on the floor. We ended up just removing the drawers and using for a different storage need. We also wish that there were muted colors to fit into an adult setting (black, white, brown, tan). If you have hard floors, purchase some rubber furniture pads for the bottom of the chest or kiddos can push it around(even with a ton of stuff weighing it down).
My daughter loves these.. They're a little blurry but super kid friendly.
I had a View-Master when I was a child and I loved it. I gave it a 4 because the reels are flimsy, but they do work.
Perfect cover to protect the baby. Colorful and easy to take on and off. That's why I am giving 4 stars cos it comes off with a slight pull.
I purchased these to put under my sofa and recliner to keep our kitten from crawling under there. They will work ok for my purpose, which will involve cutting and splitting them. However, I wouldn't use these in the pool or outdoors at all. Mine arrived with some sort of damage. I don't know if they were scored somehow or if they're melted but they're nearly all damaged. I got these versus some from Walmart since they looked more durable. I'll make them work. Shipping was very fast.
One was broken with the battery packet at the bottom loose and falling out. However, they were cute so I did not want to send them all back. They served their purpose.
These were a gift for my three yo niece who loves airplanes. She liked them and so did the adults at my niece's birthday party liked . Many asked where I got them. They are well made and sturdy.
Not bad toys, quality is no problem, just want to buy for my daughter to play, let her have this awareness of saving money
A little smaller than I thought
Very cute interactive toy. Bought for my 12 month old for Christmas. I am somewhat disappointed in how small everything is on this but she seems to enjoy it.
Looks nice although I should have noticed that is not for a 3 yrs old but for an older kid. Unfortunately, I'll gave to return it.
The idea of it going up the side of the wall was enough for my grandkids to keep them occupied
It's hard to read at times. But it is a GREAT Value for the money !
This is exactly what we needed for the kitchen. It does exactly what you'd expect, and the price was right. The quality of the writing surface is good - it doesn't slip around on the fridge. The pens are just okay. The magnets are not so great, in fact, one jumped off the fridge and ran underneath in the first few days. I had bought a separate thing of pens, we wanted more color choices, and the magnets on those are fine - so I didnt mind. I'd buy this again if a similar need comes up
Used them to decorate my cake table with a balloon garland.
The magnetic drawing surface looks of high quality. The pen is easy to use and is relatively big to hold. The three stamps are cute, but their shapes make them relatively hard for a 2 year old to put back into their spots. The water-paint mat is great, and my kid likes it. With this price, I am very happy with it.
Great for getting the kids to "fetch" in the pool, but it doesn't coast that well, mostly "falls gracefully"
Game itself was new. The box however was opened before and had stains and wear marks. Four stars since the game itself is in new condition.
Very light weight, easy to move everywhere, but it's kind of small , not suitable for overweight people whose hips are.... u know what I mean :)
Kids love it. Box was very heavy and hard to move by myself.
Small. The black spots on the size disappears after a day. My son wasn't too happy with that. But it is still played with often and it is something I would recommend to any fish lover.
Party in a box! Has everything you need to host a fun unicorn party: plates, napkins, cups, banner and so much more (everything pictured). The unicorn design and colors are fun and different from what you typically see. There is 1 birthday unicorn headbands, which is pretty, and 8 party favors headbands. These are nice, but it would be better if there were 16 favors headbands, since this box includes plates, napkins, etc. for 16.
Love the game. I t has good instructions. Missing a star because the outside pieces don't stay together. This makes plays some versions hard. We payed flat for a few days and it got a little better but not staying all together for boarder.
Not as big as I originally thought, but love them anyway!!!
Cute but the fur is not soft
The tail doesn't fit the movie but my daughter was super excited to get it. She still plays with it months later! :)
Box came messed up slightly on top but the pop is great!
I read reviews that said they ran really big so I ordered a 10, my daughter wears an 8-10 and it fits perfectly. I was hoping to fit clothes under for our cold Halloween, but we'll figure something out! The quality is much better than I expected (except the hat, I'm hoping we can do something with it though)! Overall it's super cute!
Good design and good value
Quality are good, but price is little high.
Painted really well after using citadel spray primer, gaps are noticable when assembled but model is largely designed to hide most gaps (neck line, mouth, and mohawk placement excluded). Overall a fun addition to my collection.
Received PDF files the next day through Amazon messages and also by my email to download and print. I'm not crazy of the sheets received since it was on very thin paper but I got the PDF for that too so I can't complain much. Cute designs, will update once we get our markers to dot away.
Nice entertaining toy. My nephew loved the item and engaged in building the toy
OMG - it's cute, BUT - the headache these screws gave me!! I broke two pieces before i figured out that you SHOULDN'T use the tool for these.... just screw them in with your hand and use the tool at the end... no explanation on the instructions, just pictures... Also one piece was broken... not a crucial piece though, so luckily it's ok...
Great for the little ones. Instructions were very easy to follow and it didn't take as long as I thought to assemble. Only problem was the ice machine for the small refrigerator was for a different unit. So it did not fit. So there is a hole in the fridge. For now using it as one of those window type fridge.
It seemed a little flimsy, it was a bit fragile, and I was afraid of it breaking, otherwise it was adequate, and looked okay on the cake.
It was a gift to a grandchild
need magnifying glasses to read instructions manual. this is the second one like this I have owned. the first one got caught in a cross breeze outside and we still haven't found it.
Its a good toy... My son loves it. I thought it would be gender neutral but its very pink 😄
Very useful tools. I recommend it.
Cute and soft. Purchased at $20, a bit overpriced.
It's real nice and all, but there was no care package or anything. I wouldn't say it was worth what I paid, but still nice. It was still really fluffy and soft, but isn't that, that easy to clean. Wouldn't recommend to young child though. My daughter still loves it, but she does agree with me.
My only complaint would be the suction, it's pretty bad after 2 weeks of use.
This was fun--I added it to a pink dress and was perfectly ready for the Alice in Wonderland party.
Arrived right on time and the swords are made of a great material only thing I don't like is how easily the straps come apart on the back piece
Durable, does its job although the white doesn't really work, it fades minutes after application
Product arrived dented even though the box was in good condition
These balls look and feel great. But if you look close the balls aren't perfectly round. This really doesn't affect my kids playing with their mini hoop but just thought buyers might want to know. Balls came deflated but inflated nicely. I've had them for a few weeks now and maybe overtime they'll round out a bit more.
A little hard to remember who is who, but great fun for my 9 year old son.
My son loves it, we bring it to family events and all kids love it too. Easy to put up and take down.
It's cute, my son loves to use it. We hung it on the back of the door and he throws his clothes in it. It is very small though for a laundry basket.
Some didn't stay inflated but the kids had an awesome time with them
Purchased for my son. Pros: ------ 1. Unique Beyblade, and does not appear to be available in stores. 2. Performs exactly how the manufacture advertised 3. Came with launcher 4. Unique colors and design. Cons: ------- 1. Price - I paid a little more for this than other Beyblades that I have purchased for him in stores (maybe because this is not available in stores?). Final Thoughts: -------------------- My son specifically requested this Beyblade, and I could only find it on Amazon. I had to pay a little more for this than other Beyblades. However, he is very content with this item, and continues to play with along with the other Beyblades he owns.
Super fun and lots of variations so it's never really the same game twice
Was quick delivery and cute! Great for my costume . Headband did not hurt back of my ears
Not the best. But is did survive a storm omg the beach.
My boyfriend and I was so excited about this item! We currently have him displayed in our front window so as people come to the house they can see Little Jack waving to them. It is adorable
Broke but not the manufacturers fault.... Every child that played with it loved to shove other things into it, especially the wrong size ball.
Cheap and good quality Cool colour too
My five year old daughter loved this tent for her birthday! It's pretty spacious and sturdy. My only complaint is that the lights that come with it kind of fell apart.
Fit my 2 year olds wrist with adjustable band. very cute
Super sticky, i have dropped the phone and havent cracked it yet..... only down fall is it was not bubble free- but that could of been from me.... i think it needs better guard line up to place on phone...
The kit is good but doesn't have enough string.....
This thing is great! My wife and dogs hate it and my kids love it. We love playing jokes and having fun and our house and I'm glad to have this practical joke to play on friends and family.
It's a great robot and I had no unpleasant surprises in anyway, it does everything it said it would and my 7 year old daughter is loving it. My only complaint would be that the manual is I believe written in another language and the text was put in an online translator program to be translated to english. The manual makes no sense to us and you have to figure out how to use it well by yourself basically.
Unable to track my delivery and the customer hotline person was not helpful at all
Dishes are colorful and the drying rack helps to keep them organized. They are a little small but overall great item
These float for a few seconds before they sink, which is what I wanted. My 2yo wears floats so he can't dive to the bottom of the pool but wants to like his big brother. This way he has something to jump in to get before they sink. I knocked off a star bc I thought they'd be a little bigger.
My granddaughter is love these however they are two stiff to make them move they need to work on the mechanical part of them
Easy to break but adorable. Black lights work well with these, we hide them and the grandkids used a black light to find them.
Bigger than what I anticipated, quality is only fair for the price. They serve my situation as I have a sensory toddler who is obsessed with letters. He is ahead in reading and always like to make new words with them. These are a good flexible, alternative for him given that he is getting bored with the several he has already. All I am saying is these are big enough for young toddlers, colorful and slightly different from the rest for a change at a reasonable price. I would have liked the magnets to be stronger and better. However, I have not had any complaints as yet.
My grandson really enjoys it.
My daughter loves this toy. The cas broke the same day but she didn't seem to care. She loves the teeth.
My grandson loves this football!
looks so cute. Eye catching and that is enough
Very nice and fun bank. It plays music and makes the characters sound. The only downfall is that the mechanics are quite loud.
The grand daughter's love this, it's the only chair the use in the playroom. Its comfortable and cleans up nice
2 broken ducks. I glued them
Happy with this purchase. And very happy it arrived with virtually no box damage -- for Pop Funko collectors box shape is important. I love that this Pop has two pieces Chilly Willy himself and his stack of pancakes. Its a gift and the receiver will be happy with it. I only gave 4 stars because of the delay in receiving the item. It took awhile to arrive.
The product and shipping was great, but the package arrived in bad condition, and it was a gift so for me this supposed a problem.
This is one of 3 sets I ordered as a gift for some new D&D players. These are for a young girl and while I know she will love them, I wish they had more sparkle. Otherwise I love the suspended pink glitter look. The quality of the dice are good with no chips or flaws. They roll well and come with the standard dice bag, which is a nice addition for a new player. They are priced a bit high for dice, which might deter me from purchasing in the future, but they will most definitely get the job done!
My students love these sensory items.
Super cute, loved it! Ask for clear pics on you production review so you can see progress and make any changes you need.
very nice. will keep you busy for hours
Product arrived in a box separate from the play dough. I thought I didn't get all my pieces at first. Product is as described. I bought these for my three old Sunday School class. They love the tools.
This worked just fine - the glittery gold was a bit more 'cheesy-looking' than I expected for a pretty classy retirement party I had planned. But when I paired it with some fake succulent plants, on top of a white iced cake, it looked pretty good. Pay attention to measurements so you aren't surprised by the size.
Nice quality materials. Barely able to move mouth as my adult hands don't really fit in head.
It's part of my collection. Great time on the shipping!
I have nothing to say, it is a chess/checkers/backgammon set
There's so many balloons, it'll last me a lifetime! They are quite large. And look like sperm. But they are good balloons
My little one loves this! He wasn't a big fan of tummy time but this keeps him entertained to where it doesn't bother him. It did take me a couple of times filling it up and adding air until I got it to be where it should be wish they had instructions on how much water and air to put in, but other than that it's amazing
LIke it a lot. It would be nice to be able to order extra parts from the distributor.
five star but I am giving 4 star for being smaller than my expectations
Daughter loved the clothes for her doll
These are so fun! They look so adorable, I got them as a gift for my sons birthday and I can't wait to see how excited he gets to use them in the bath!
the photos in the sales page does not do its justice. this item is made of pretty great materials and shows to have a great quality. the larger lenses are for magnification for a far look, if you want to read up and close you can use the smaller lens on the bottom, it will magnify the letters but you may keep the sense really close to the paper or surface you need to magnify. this item also has a light this light is perfectly bright and it is very helpful to me in the darker hours so I don't have to stand up and turn on the light I can just press a button on my magnifier. keep in mind that the light will need 3 AAA batteries that are not included with this item . my overall impression is pretty good. the item has great quality, worked just fine for me and my needs. it is defiantly worth it.
Got this for my daughter to have fun with. She loves it and she made us some ice creams and cookies with it.
The puzzles are cute. My 2 and 1/2 year old can easily handle the pieces. But the storage box is very cheap and arrived broken.
Could be thicker. I wanted a different style but this company doubled the price of the one I wanted after I added it to my list.
This is a Christmas gift so I cannot give anything further right now!
My daughter loves this toy the only thing she dislikes is that the battery dies very fast.
LITTLE BIT OF TROUBLE WITH ADHESIVE AND STICKS
Fast and very robust. After several hard uses, nothing has yet to break. Only negative, is that the 2.4ghz TQ remote has a range problem on my truck, I also have a slash with same remote and no problems there.Best performance when used with lipo battery.
Loved the balloons but not the price.
Great deal for the cost! Some of the Velcro stickers that are attached to each piece of food come off, easy to stick back on - but can be frustrating for a young child trying to play.
smaller than I thought
Overall the product is a sturdy piece and nice construction, however once together my wife and I set it in the pool and she got on and I instantly saw air bubbles from a tiny leak around a seal so we returned it. Wish it didn't leak because it's a pretty cool set up.
These are very cute outfits. There were some mismatched shoes in with it & there wasn't any matches to those shoes. My daughter likes the outfits so that's all that matters!
Right out of the box it looked great and seemed to work well. It was for my grandson, and as far as I know it is still working fine.
These were awesome, except that the velcro around the neck wasnt long enough. the capes sagged down over my toddlers shoulders so i ended up having to tie them on
This is a nice hands-on tool for teaching small children about the earth.
The game cards were made well and a lot of fun to play. The bridal sash was a bit cheap, we purchased a different one for the shower.
Soft and cute little squishies. Great toys for the kids or even as a stress reliever to squeeze. Scent on the popcorn is ok but the fries smell the same as the popcorn even several days after being out of the package. Has a strong chemical smell when first opened but it dissipates quickly once out of the packaging.
I added liquid rubber to keep the roof from warping.
I think this funko pop of Ginny is the best. The details are impressive and well done. For the price and not been able to pick the figure myself I got a great funko pop. I only wish that the box of the funko pop would have been in better conditions but every thing else was great.
It held up good, item seems a little cheap but it worked perfectly fine for my event. It's a little hard to set up, however.
Very cute. Would make a great gift. Very well made.
Charger has worked fine for my needs. The fan is very loud as is the end of cycle beep but noise aside, it's great.
Fits all the pieces but I have to ditch the nice boxes for the pieces. I would prefer one that can hold the containers too
Got what I expected, so I am not unhappy. I realized that what I'd get was lightweight, Styrofoam tombstones with plastic stakes. For the low price, I didn't expect more. The designs were cute. Added to the growing Halloween graveyard in our front yard ....
the recipient loved this costume ! wore it immediately, and everyday afterwards..
So far these work well. My kids and I tested them out, we got about 4 blocks away from each other and they were still fine. I was hoping for stronger signal, but they'll work for what I need them for!
Great product but not the most sturdy
Product, was just as I expected it to be. Soft and colorful.
My boyfriend and I visited Yosemite this summer and I thought this would be a fun puzzle to do together. We enjoyed it, but it might have been a little more challenging than I had anticipated. Couple of pieces were missing, but it was still a fun puzzle to put together. Just a little frustrating to get to the end and realize it can't be fully completed. Pretty challenging in my opinion. Lots of white and blue pieces for the sky, lots of dark green and black towards the bottom.
Colours are too strong, but my 11 month baby likes to find the hidden animals
It shipped and arrived quickly, there's a nice little gift bag for the quality seems nice and the price was great compared to the American girl doll clothes. I got this for my granddaughter, for her bitty baby, we've not given it to her yet so I'm hoping the fit will be good as well.
Fit a little lose but overall happy with quality of material and size
The items were smaller than I thought they would be, but it's a very nice tea set for a child.
Very durable. The dolls stand only but its good quality.
The company has kindly reached out to "make this right." This little car is cute. It had great sounds. We had issues with it but the company has reached out to offer another replacement. For this, I am going to update my rating to 4 stars because of the effort they have made to get us a product that is satisfactory to us.
Got this because granddaughter wanted to use it as a purse, and seems to like it.
My son loves this bike and we love that it fits so many life stages. It was easy to assemble and easy to steer him with the attached handle. The only thing is make sure you snap the handlebars in securely, we didn't and they popped right out when he pulled on them.
Great to have this. This is his own utensils and uses they. He realizes they are not toys.
These are a lot of fun. I buy these before the grandkids come to visit and they provide a lot of outdoor fun. I always explain to the kids that these are going to break. If they treat them carefully they'll last longer before they break, but they will break. Having said that, I bought a different brand last year, and these seemed more fragile than the other brand. It seems like they reduced the thickness of the parts. I say this because they didn't appear to modify the thickness of the cuts into the body, so the parts fit very loosely. Sometimes just the act of throwing them made the wings slide out of position. The kids still had a lot of fun with them, but they became frustrated with always having to adjust or replace parts. I think I'll go back to the other brand next year.
great artwork and photos, but the book is an odd (large) size, and may not fit into a bookshelf/bookcase (if you are a little OCD).
This product is fine BUT the way it is sized it is definitely NOT for a 2 year old of average size. It is for a much larger child.
I like that these puzzles are very colorful. They would definitely catch a child's eye. I think these are a great learning tool as they have 6 different animals for children to learn about. The pieces are thick enough for a toddler to pick up. They are made out of wood and the puzzle board is made out of wood also. The pieces fit nicely into the little bag that comes with it, but the puzzle did not fit in the bag. The only down side is that the pieces are in the smaller side so, a parent or guardian would need to watch the child to make sure they do not put the pieces in their mouth
I bought this for my 8-year old son and it fits him ok. He really likes it. But trick or treating with a "full" mask is often a difficult, sweaty, hard-to-breathe ordeal - and this was his experience. That said, it is a cool mask for the price.
I just thought they would be a bit bigger
Bought this to donate for Christmas, but will, buy again to gift. I work with children & the quality of this is much higher than any other I've seen & I've seen a lot. It's also a great choice for toddlers to age about 6. It's one if the most popular toys played with.
It is a very simple piece of wood.
I don't know, but who cares. I'm not encouraging my kids to huff things. They're fun to write with and that's the point.
A few of their heads popped off.
My daughter loved the costume she can't wait to wear it for Halloween my only two complaints are I wish the material was higher quality and that the mask eye cut out didn't stop so high right under the eye it's true to size and fit her fine other than that
very cute, little hard to get the door handles assembled but overall great for the price and fits Barbies perfectly. LOVE that it is not pink!!
My daughter was insanely happy with this gift. It hatched within a half hour of opening it.
Good Ol' Elton as a Pop Figure...…….he rocks but the box doesn't.One corner crunched
Jacket is a little bit loose for BTS doll...but quality is so good~!
Its been great! My kids love it...now that they've gotten over the fact that there was a letter missing! Their little hearts were crushed when we went through them and realized it was missing Y. But it's held up well. The play doh does get stuck in the letters, but it doesn't bother the kids.
Oh wow they have a hole for the thread and a point
Good quality but wish we did not have to buy a set of 5 or 6 to get the 1 or 2 our grand child is missing.
I bought these gloves for hiking. They are a great price and having multiple pairs is plus. They are on the small side so probably not great for men with large hands.
This was a gift well recieved.
Good supplement for the Leggo classic quad kit. Adds long term interest to the quad. Didn't look like a stand alone gift. Four knobs on top of the box cover made this awkward to gift wrap.
I am giving 4 stars as the scent of the dog was very strong you could smell it through the box even after being in the rain, but after awhile it does dissipate. The animal itself is good quality material and I think my son will really benefit and enjoy it.
Bought this for my grandson. He loves it
Ease of setting up but easily punctures.
My 3 year old and 2 year old girls LOVE this toy. The only disappointing thing is that one of the Doc dolls was missing her stethoscope which they noticed immediately. The way it's made is kind of funky so that if they press down in the top to move it the back doors pop open. If you jam the doors closed so they don't pop open then the girls can't get them open. I have to figure how to work that problem out. Other than that they were very happy with the size and the full size size dolls.
Pros: Great quality Good weight Beautiful antiqued look Cons: Contrast is pretty low making them hard to read in low light First set of dice I've bought but some seem kind of small as another reviewer pointed out
Does have a weird smell but didn't bother me. Loved most of the designs. One didn't squish all that great but it was the smallest one so maybe that's why.
Its A Gift so not sure
From the wife: This putty is very magnetic and fun to play with, but the tiny magnet included sucks. I would suggest buying a larger, stronger magnet for the best effect. There is a small amount of black residue that is left on your hands after the first use, but it washes off easily. Any use after does not have the same effect. The amount you get is minimal, you may want to buy two.
I wish they were a little smaller--- Grandson didn't use all the paint in them, afraid the paint will dry out
My grand daughter loved it, she received it for her birthday.
This isn't high enough for my two and a half year old and he is a tall boy. Always measured above the 99% and yet this stool is too short for him. His deft don't reach it when on the potty and his hands can't get to the sink when washing them. It doesn't fold so not sure why I was asked to rate that... it's sturdy and I kept it because he will grow into it, but it's not satisfactory for our current needs.
Was great when it worked but charging port broke and came out withing 6 months. Poor quality. Update Customer service cares about customers , they reached out and solved the issue by sending me a new charger. Thank you.
The picture was not absolutely accurate, something that I usually can count on. Therefore it was harder than needed to be. I will still keep it and do it again.
Bought these for my 3 granddaughters. They loved them. Too soon to know how they'll hold up. But, beware, I had to return 2 of the first 3 I ordered. The crown, for some unknown reason, is in a separate bag taped to the outside of the bag that holds the rest of the items. 2 of the sets were missing the crown bags. One set also had one butterfly wing completely crunched. I returned the two defective sets and ordered two more. One of those was also missing the crown. I gave up and just didn't include the crowns when I gave the presents. So you take your chances as to whether you'll receive the crown.
The price was very good in comparison to similar 18" doll fashions.
Pretty and easy to use
All my kids love them, they fit perfectly with the Lego ones.
A tad too small for my needs, but I can't fault them for that as I'm not using them for the intended purpose. Painting is OK as long as you don't look too closely.
Exactly like the picture. I chose free shipping and it came in really fast. Doll has a cute face. Limbs and face is soft silicone.
I just wish it came with a baby, too.
Super cute! My little cowboy fell in love with it. I do think it's too small. My son is 4 and its just the right size for him. Don't think it would work for a 10 year old as it says.
What's there to say? It's a box of Hot Wheels. Perfect for rewarding a young one. Nothing special about the, but a great collection of toys for a kid to play with.
Ordered for my daughters 4th birthday and it's great to use in the house.
Like the battery. 4 stars because the balance plug wires need to be a little longer.
This is a classic toy that will always be a hit. Along with the beautiful colors that will appeal to toddlers this is a great way for children to learn by experience the mechanics in how when they pull the cars back, they seem to go away on their own. Beautiful gift for a birthday party!
didnt play with much
Very cool Star Wars toy. A little difficult to figure out the commands and how to get it to do what you want.
It is great because it takes up less room but hard to pick up the marbles to move them. Wish it was a little bigger.
Wonderful toy. Incredibly hard to put together.
Smaller pieces than expected. Gift. Don't know how difficult the blocks are to work with yet
Excellent track. Connects to another Blaze track my son has.
The item arrived broke, requested refund and returned at The UPS Store. Satisfactory result and reordered item.
Guns fall off every 5 seconds. Otherwise, it looks really cool.
I bought these for a kids camp that was Harry Potter themed and they loved them. They fit as expected for all different ages.
it's still in wraps, but looks like a quality toy from the looks of things.
Perfect for my daughters birthday cake! I'm leaving 4 stars instead of 5 because the paint was a little messy here and there, but overall they were great.
My daughter loves, and I mean absolutely loves her kitchen. Wish it came with some accessories (It doesn't come with anything other than the kitchen) but as long as you know that going in to it, you can get some accessories. There's a million pieces and even for an experienced woodworker/builder/DIYer, it still took me a couple hours to put together. So set aside an evening.
Justice League Mera arrived good as new with only minor creases to the packaging. Matched with fast delivery and courtesy via Amazon.
Small, but very detailed and beautiful. I can't wait to give it to my boyfriend.
Easy to install but instructions could be more detailed. Anyway, my Chicago set is bright and shinning!
This was gift for my grandson. He loved it!
great small walkies for little hands with good sound!
Sticker was falling off one of the spots, they work, but a bit stiff. they were super cheap, so not bad for the price.
It was a gift. Seemed ok
Got it as a gift for someone. The Legend series of Marvel's has been great. The only reason it loses a start is because the back doesn't fully detach and the lenses don't lock back into place very well after they lift up. However the fact that they lift at all and are very easy to see through when down is awesome. The person I got it for has kind of a big head and it's able to fit them so that's a huge plus
Kids loved them, just wish the bubble drops took longer to complete
They grow much larger. I imagine the kids will find interesting. Takes 72 hrs for full size. But wouldn't play with them after? Son tore crab claw off and I didn't like the inside so definitely not too play after. Kinda boring to me but they were cheap. Using inside party favor bags.
It's very light in an adult womans tendonitis fraught hand! I only wish the blade wall was thicker, as I need to purchase a combat grade blade for it, but once I have that it's perfect. The blade is very secure with all those set screws. I'm still figuring out how to get it to do all the different sounds, but that's not a problem for what I'm using it for.
Pros: Fits well in bags and can be used for travel as advertised. The magnets are strong enough to withstand wind, but weak enough it doesn't stick to the board when you want to move the piece. Instructions are terrible for new chess players, but funny to read. Cons: My chess set came with only a small flaw: It was missing a latch to keep it closed. However, even if it was missing one latch, the chess set still remains closed pretty well. It is slightly annoying to put the pieces back into the set. There is no set place, which is nice, but for it to only close for all pieces to be laying down can be a bit tedious. You can only place the games on a flat surface or similar. The set does not stay open unless supported underneath. Overall, a good cheap travel chess set.
The product was better than expected as far as quality. they were fairly priced free shipping would / will buy again.
Overall, I liked the product. However, I wish the "extras" stayed attached to the figurines (the wings, bat, cape, etc.) as they don't stay on very well (& I know they will be lost in no time). Do not expect them to stand up on their own but they are good for play as they bend/move easy. I like the size of them as I feel Barbie's are almost too big for play. Similar figurines I have priced were much more expensive so I was super excited to find a set of 9 at this price.
Good motors for a kids projects.
Sticky tabs for horns were a bit hard to manage, but overall a fun and easy game!!
Granddaughter loves it! Gave it only 4 stars because even when button is on-position it does not always cry so you have to keep moving the button.
Not at all for large coins. Works fine for small and medium coins.
These dice are great and have few to no defects. The bags are great and sturdy and the logos on the bags stay well. The bags do have one problem however, and that is that the knots on the end of the strings come undone easily. Its not to bad or anything as long as you can tie a not, but be weary of putting a bag in your pocket because thats when it comes undone.
Fun game for my 4 year old and I to play together. It is made cheaply though. The one I had growing up was a little more sturdy.
I got a few really good pulls from this bundle. Now while the oversized spin down life counter was good, I am a bit disappointed that they cut the land pack in half, giving you only 8 of each color, which kind of sucks. And of course the players guide was gone as well. I hope they know people like those to include with them next set.
This works fine, but as others have said, it could have really used a lid.
well build product and fast shipping
I like the look of the mask it was as described and for the price what you would expect for a movie replica for a child's costume. Came fast and as described.
Box was smashed in mail but very cool collectible
The boys I gave them to had a lot of trouble getting it under control.
Very cute but the pics scratch off easily
Nicely decorated our cupcakes.
It made party look so good
Very enjoyable, for me and the kids.. too bad they don't make them a lil stronger
Works really well for what I needed it for. Made small purses and hats and a few other things quicker than when I was knitting them. My friends and family and co-workers loved everything I made with it. I would highly recommend this product to other people.
I love the color selection but it's challenging for my 2yo. She gets frustrated because she wets her brush then rubs it in the paint but her color is watered down. My 4yo can do it better and get nice vibrant colors. It is great I just recommend for a child old enough to understand how much/little water to use and to swirl the brush a lot.
Smaller than i thought but very detailed and cute! My daughter will live them!
This drone is interesting hands free. my 6 years son love this. It is very easy to play kids and light weight. loves this and affordable price.
Head is a tad crooked, but that ok
not bad for the money i gave 4 stars because the wands needed to be giggled for a bit to get them to start charging and if you bumped one while trying to get the other charged then i would have to carefully fix and not bump again.
Bought for my 4 year old granddaughter. Pens didn't work great. But she had fun with it.
This is a cute and funny toy my son and cat both like. He makes noise and wiggles. The only annoying thing is he came with a scratch on the face already.
Great and super cute!
I bought this product for my kiddos, and we got mixed feelings about this product. My sensory child hated the product the way it felt in his hands refused to play with it. My daughter loved the feel of it and played with it for about 30 mins. As a mother, it sure crumbles easily. Love that it's light weight and has a foamy feeling and comes with cute model for kiddos.
Work greater. Used on camping and at home in their rooms or outside. Adults like them also
I preordered this in November and it finally came. The pop itself is 5 stars but the star reduction is because despite being the glow in the dark edition, it doesn't glow. I had it under direct light for about 10 minutes and there is only a very faint glow around the night king eyes other than that nothing glows. While it's disappointing that it doesn't glow, this pop is still great.
My son wore this for Halloween this year and loved it! It fit well. My one complaint, as others have mentioned, was that the hat was not as expected, but that didn't bother him at all! He was smiling all night!
Smaller than I thought.
She's super pretty tho.. but the plastic is open.. but overall i love her..
They're felt. They do the job for preschoolers, it's not like they're very sturdy but it works!
The kids loved it I got both the red and blue
These are really cute notebooks and fit perfectly in my composition size travelers notebook. They are just a basic notebook and I wish they were college rule rather than wide rule but they work!
A little disappointed these arrived very dirty and even scuffed, so possibly used. Easy enough to clean and sanitize for the little one though.
could come with a few more pegs, but my 5 year old daughter loves it.
Fun to play with; I wish it was a little softer. It hurts my hands to play with a bit sometimes.
Cute tights. But the stripes didn't go all the way up, just a little past the knees. Still cute.
Fits our brio set. You can definitely tell a difference but my 3 year old doesn't. I'm a little disappointed that we've only had it for a week and 2 pieces have broken off. Is there a way to just get this piece replaced?
Great Classic Game, everything you would expect from an original Monopoly Game.
These were the cutest props. Unfortunately they weren't too big of a hit at my sons birthday party. But they were used some and it was cute nonetheless.
Great edition for any Rush Fan. I only gave it three starts because the picture makes it look like the box holding the cards is more substantial than it is. It is just cardboard like any other box of cards. But hey, they are Rush cards, so, cool.
These were perfect for the lake. We used them daily and they only lost a little air, but they're cheap so it was fine. They didn't lose much air and were able to use them for a few days without having to inflate them again.
nice part, great finish, and it sounds great
It is small but it gets the job done! Puts out a lot of bubbles. I am only giving 4 stars cause you have to constantly refill it!
Works better than a lot of the cheap versions you can purchase in stores for the same price. Plastic and metal used are of good quality. Was delivered about 2 or 3 weeks after I ordered but it was delivered.
Looks cute, bought this as a gift to a 6 year old child, wish there is a pair of shoe included as well.
My children (9 and 4 yrs old) were so excited when they received the train sets..When we opened the box, we immediately love it because of the vibrant colors of the people/buildings blocks and the tracks seems to be well made. However, when they tried to build it like the image on the box, they found difficulties, it feels like there were some missing parts, (fyi there's no manual instruction) -- also, some of the tracks didn't match up the others well..so, after my husband tried to help, we realized that the tracks are not all in the same quality. We happened to get a crack too since one of the track was difficult to pull off. We contacted the customer service about this issue, and they responded immediately which we really appreciate.
Amazing cup besides the fact the straw was cracked.
Item as described.Good quality.
TO NOISY, I BENT LEGS DOWN SO THEY DRAGGED, COOL LOOKING
There are a lot of small pieces with in different letters or numbers for example the 8 which my daughter has figured out how to pull out and shove in her mouth. Some are small enough I fear she may choke on them. But as far as comfort and ease of cleaning these are great!
How can I replace LED, I bought this item and the light only worked for about 2 month?
My baby spends a lot of time on this. Not super soft but it's lightweight and is easy to transport.
i bought these to fill about 100 easter eggs. the stickers are cute & the temp tattoos were a hit with the kids. only complaint was the stamps. the ink padding comes off easily.
Fun to put together! This was the trickiest one I have put together. You have to bend the sides to fit the shape and if you don't use the right pice in the right direction it won't work.
thick and sturdy. Both 4x4 post and 4x6 beam fit snug. Welds appear to be really nice and I was impressed with the gauge of the steel. Paint/powder coating is great too. Mine DID NOT come with any bolts or washers as the photo shows, but I would have switched them out to stainless anyway.
Instructions were sometimes difficult to understand, but given it was our very first time trying a murder mystery it was fun. We will do again - hoping for better results now that we (somewhat) know what we're doing.
I actually ordered the set with the swing which was 11 dollars but received the pinata party which was only 9 bucks instead. Her birthday was the next day so I couldn't return but she loved it regardless. She Carrie's the toys around from room to room. She also has to have these toys at bedtime. I highly recommend these toys but don't wait last minute like me in case there is a mistake.
I use this for my treasure chest at work after the kids get done with therapy. Nice variety of farm animals. Oddly I got it for the horses (because a client loves horses) but all of the horses are an odd orange color.
I bought for someone and I didn't know it well
My daughter has so much fun with this advent calendar. Its quite big for a 3rd grader. I would recommend don't print out the item they get for each day to keep it as a surprise. More fun that way
A little difficult for younger players
Fun and simple nerf gun. None of the dart shooters are very good though, get one of the ball shooters if you want a better performing nerf gun
We played with a mix of adults and kids and the kids I think found it easier than the adults! I've played the regular adult version game and definitely like that one better, but this one does provide a different spin. The pictures aren't just straight pictures, they are abstract and have several different ways to interpret which is why it's "easier" to connect cards together. Perhaps it's just harder to get used to after playing the adult game with words but it's definitely one to engage the brain!
My Neice likes it. As an adult I wiggle the knob right and it opens so not real secure if really trying to keep away from ppl with sticky fingers.
Love the puzzle, purchased for my 3 year old, but it arrived with 1 piece missing..
I think the electronics is very hot while it is running, once in air the temperature down a Little.
This was a good prank but they need to add some losing ones to make it more believable lol
This was a gift for my grandson. He loved it. It's easy to snap together.
Great fun. Only problem is the volume isn't as loud as I would like. The microphone is also extremely sensitive. After working around these quirks it was an absolute blast! Using your own moves, sayings, and sound effects gives this high replayability.
It works just fine, but a ball came off during shipping. Hot glued it back on, then had another one fall off. Haven't had the chance to glue it back on, but still have it. My students are fascinated by it.
Works perfectly for my Drone, Now I have more fun time.
Great looking and feels great
Nice product. My daughter loved it.
Got this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas. He loves all things dinosaur. He loves this walking Dinosaur and plays with it constantly.
I bought this for my grandson and once he receives it, I'll write a review.
10 year old male enjoyed gift
Bought so my coworkers could have something to mess round with and so far everyone has enjoyed a puzzle throughout their day. Some are super easy while others take awhile to figure out. Nice to have at a coffee table to kill silence and just a good brain teaser. Their abit small and feel thin but they hold up, even when someone tries to cheat and bends one.
Very nice/detailed, good size easily fits on table top without being too bulky or small. It's very fragile though mine came with small chip in it and I wouldn't recommend putting it somewhere it could get knocked Off of
Nice product, but arrived in very damaged packaging. If this was going to be a gift, I would have been very upset.
my son loves them bought these to add to the bath toys already similar and squirt great! price way too high and is the reason for the missing star
I can't truly give 5 stars yet because our little one isn't quite old enough to enjoy them yet. I like the pastel colors though and they were easy to sterilize. Awesome that they come in a carry container!
Present for my 7 year old. It is even cuter than the photo. The hair is very nice, and the face is cute! I think the dress is way to short, and I'll be changing that before I give it to her, but I like that it has minimal makeup compared to other similar dolls. Overall a great find
The new etch a sketch is awesome. My son is 5 and loves it! Great in the car toy or while you wait for a dr appointment. The only con is, getting it to erase. It takes a little getting use to. Can be frustrating at times. But once you get the proper technique down it is awesome!
These little cups were a hit at my son second birthday. Definitely not spill proof! But so cute.
My Great Grandson loves this. He just turned 3 & he is learning so much. ( His 8 yr old brother loves it too)
Good product. My only dislike is that the white and black colors are opaque while the rest are translucent so they don't go together very well. My SPD toddler requires the opaque ones removed.
This is a nice sized piggy bank. The writing for the name however, is small. It show be a bit bigger on the bank. Not sure if they all come out small looking, but my daughter's name on this bank looks very small.
Great ...fast shipping
Bought these to use with my after market charger and they definitely work ultimately ended buying the ev peak charger that does it all.
Takes a bit to get use to flying but when you do it works great. Good value for the price.
Keeps my baby entertained! Its bright its colorful AND PLAYS MUSIC!!
Quality is good but 4 stars because of limited color selection (had to go with green but wanted blue)
It jams quite easily and can be a pain to get the dart out of it but other then that it's great!
I guess this might seem obvious after the fact, but I assumed these came with tinted lenses. Only the last photos shows they're clear. Otherwise, they work well and look great.
Shipping time was great but the funko box was damage in 3 spots and ripped
A must have for this mom for a pool day with the kids!
Good product but much smaller than I thought they would be.
they look good will have to see how they work.
I like the chess set, dislike the size and would like a larger set.
I like the colors. Great for early development, the only downside is the top comes off a bit too easy
Very cute but very small. I purchased the Pete and friends set. After receiving the item then going back and reading the item details I figured out they were actually mini plush toys I ordered. I thought they were full size, my mistake. These will be used as table decorations for a birthday party.
They are cool bigger than I thought I thought they were about half the size they are one thing to keep in mind they are quite difficult to shuffle lol but cool
Very cute, just a little more expensive than I thought they would be.
My son loved these. He played for a good hour with them. And made the sounds by himself.
Children liked a lot
This complete is overall very nice and for a beginner deck is it honestly the best price. But I have to say that out of the five I've bought before this one had trucks that could not be used. The trucks did not even have grooves on them for the wheels nut to screw on too. This was very disappointing but has only happened to me once.
My little guy really loves the different stories on it. I like it too. A bit expensive.
Works as expected, but breaks easily. I had to replace mine because I only drop it once and stop working
Liked the package but would have liked napkins to be lol also they were pink
little one loves it! Directions could be a little clearer, and be prepared to spend some time putting it together, it is not a 10 minute project.
they are oval shape but they where PERFECT for my nephews bday party!!!! kids really LOVED them!!!
Granddaughter loved it
as a beginner, it is perfect for me. I just wish the build quality would be better and it would maneuver easier. As it is little crooked, it sometimes get stuck and hard to move. As I'm just starting is fine, but if I want to learn faster moves, I would need to look for something else
Cute and my daughter loves it!
I got this for my grand daughter and she loves it.It's soft and curly.
The jewelry box was cute and worked well but way smaller than anticipated. I bought a similar one for my daughter which was twice the size and was disappointed to find out this one was half the size
I do like this spinning top a lot, however after just a couple of months of use, the top got stuck and now doesn't work as well. Also, the actual top part has come off and won't go back in! Disappointed a bit that it wasn't stronger to last longer.
After the first one we broke was replaced with a new one it work well. The company was very responsive and replaced the broke item quickly. My son can now enjoy his birthday gift!
If it wasn't for sellers like you, people like me would never finish our collections. Thank you.
Very cute bank, pretty good size but as the slot is in the back it won't hold a ton of coins (which is fine for my purpose as a bit of a gag gift for a family member). Biggest gripe, albeit minor, is that there are several scratches or paint marks that are very obvious (white in dark grey), as shown in the photos.
I think this product is very cute and wish my son liked it however, it is not one of the toys he gravitates too. At no fault of the toy, its just not his preference.
We got these to share for Valentines day. It t was as described.
great with play dough birthday gift.
I liked all it ideas except for the plastic blue bowl. My son loves them.
I love that it's cute and it looks like the movie version. He stands alone and the box was in great shape! The negatives are I wish the detail was sharper or cleaner. Especially in his hands and top of his beard.. it took over a week to arrive. But overall, I'm satisfied with the product.
The font quality is great. Only negative is the smell
I loved that they fit they were perfect.
This is a great party favor for the price. It's a cute bracelet for girls, and probably the right size for a tween/teen. One of the bracelets broke when pulled on, but overall quality is good.
We love it, we added a small light to hang from the top. My son reads, play, and will nap in his. My only negative comment is the front doesn't close all the way. Meaning there's one small velco strip placed in the middle, to close the whole thing.
How can you dislike a rock tumbler due to noise level? News flash folks: they TUMBLE ROCKS. Anyway, I'm very satisfied with this unit. Just one issue - with a light load at fast speed the barrel can hop off the rollers. So check on it periodically. If it's a real problem, just run a light fabric ribbon around the barrel and the rollers.
So much fun! Different tracks that can be assembled ! Kids loved it!
Nice product ....fun for the girls.
I recommend for older kids. My 5 yr old had trouble using the small tool and taking the time to actually dig these out. Even for me, it was time consuming. I would recommend for kids who actually want to sit and do this for 15 minutes each egg. My 5 yr old just wanted to cheap plastic dinosaur in the middle.
My 8 year old loved putting this together and playing with it, but it was a little too easy for her.
Loved all of the signs, there was a great variety! I just didn't like how flimsy they were (I'm a photographer and wanted to keep them for multiple shoots) so I added foam board onto the back with modge podge and they turned out great!
Kids loved the bunnies
Was looking for taller pieces with more weight. There's pieces are for small boards. I play speed chess pieces fall over easy.
It took me about 35 minutes to assemble this trike. The instructions were pretty clear. Just a few things to comment on: 1. The front tire was not inflated. I inflated it to 35 psi which is indicated on the side of the tire. Rear wheels/tires are the non-inflatable type. 2. Installing the axle I had to use a plastic mallet, a small hammer with a few light taps would have worked as well. 3. Each end of the axle is threaded so as to accept the axle nuts. On one of the ends I found a thin wire wrapped around the threads, probably not removed after the plating process. I easily removed it, but had I not noticed it threading the nut on might have been a problem. Otherwise, I think the trike is well built and it's sure to make our grandson happy at Christmas.
It did the job for my granddaughter. I don't think it says as many things as advertised. In my opinion it was not worth as much money as charged. Woody and Buzz cost less and were more impressive to me.
gave to grandson as a gift, he is a little heavy handed but it didnt break
Purchased for a gift to go with a children's veterinarian kit. These plushies were small but cute. Love the noises.
My 3 year old loves this dress. It is very nice and fits her great! The only thing is the red ruby's on the jewelry easily fall off, but can be fixed with super glue.
Got these for a work department event as fun gag gifts for everyone. We used printer labels and made up reasons of recognition and stuck them around the base! Worked great and everyone loved them!
Got this for my three-year-old and she absolutely loves it. Very easily to put together battery is holding charge for quite a while with continued use. Will slippage is great especially with the three-year-old behind the wheel, I would suggest to any parents buying this for their child to watch their toes cats and dogs.
Good light combinations the battery last quite a while after charging. The kids also are enjoying the poi
Easy to use Well built and good price for starter drone.
I received the wrong item, a portfolio instead of the hard case. Really don't know the reason why they change the product and shipped it without any notice or messages.
A little bigger than expected but great companion for my baby girl.
Initially had a slight issue work the item but it was taken care of in a timely matter. Excellent to work with!
The puzzle is fine but the box came with a hole punched through it. Not surprising the way I see amazon deliverers throw packages on our porch I'm not surprised.
These cars are very colorful and the package is just really fun and cute. The colors are true to the pictures but they frankly smaller than I expected. I included a picture with two car toys of other brands so you can compare the sizes, one is the FP toy car (yellow car to the top) and vtech smart racer ( black and green to the bottom). They could be of chocking hazard to kids below 3 years old. They did mention that on the package though. It is a cute gift and very good for the price. I think the birthday boy will have lots of fun playing with these cars.
My grand daughter loved it. That's all that mattered to me
It's been a hit with my ESL online classes. I love the rod that came with it.
Displayed it proudly in my home until the cats knocked it off the shelf and broke his head off! Am buying a replacement.
Really enjoy these I feel the price is a bit much but still good
Love the product but the assembly was absolutely horrible. The instructions were not clearly written and I actually needed to get other tools to make assembling easier. Once it was all together I loved the product. Definitely would recommend two people to assemble. 3 year old daughter loves this play kitchen.
It is so pretty and strong.Its a gift for my daughter 6th birthday.
Pretty fun concept, kids like it but get frustrated easily with the grasshoppers. They dont really aim/jump right. Not the best quality game either.
We used these little toy equipment pieces in a sandbox for a birthday party. They're a little small but they are perfect for a two-year-old little hands. They don't feel Cheap either!
Loved the look of this product! Very earthy and organic. Very durable and easily cleaned.
Great for hand eye coordination! My kid loves it. So many ways to use and learn from.
I purchased the Army Painter set of 50 paints, and then purchased this stand to hold them. It wasn't fun to assemble, and you absolutely must use wood glue while building it to keep it sturdy and avoid it from collapsing on you, but once built and dry it is a great little stand that hold all those paints with a small footprint.
I ordered for my kids' Christmas. I will be ordering more another set. The 100 pieces seem very small.
So cute and fun to squeeze. Only down side is the sprinkles on the small doughnuts rub off easy. Otherwise very fun
Very funny. Yet you can't say more then a couple of words. I think their are different ones that are better but more money.
As my favorite Disney ending, I had to add Te Ka to my desk. Very happy with the purchase.
... but close enough for my desk. He's still cute. This picture isn't a fair representation as his beak and flippers are much more orange than yellow, but still.
Cute and perfect for little girl's playtime!
My granddaughter loves playing with these. They keep her busy in the kitchen while her mom is cooking and cleaning up.
Nice over all costume for the price.
Son put this together and used it as a prop for his class research project. It turned out to be a focal point and attention grab for those visiting the projects. He is 11 and it did take him longer than he thought it would. He worked on it over the course of two days.
Played with my friends finally. Took us a little bit to get the hang of it, but we enjoyed it once we figured it out.
Fun party item. Set your bathroom decor up with this and wait for comments.
A little smaller than expected. Cute tho...
Loved the concept... lil flowers fell off at times... lights lasted all nite
I bought this as a Christmas present for my daughter, but missed the part that said the stuffing station came separately, so I had to send my poor husband out on Christmas eve to get the stuffer machine. Oops. She really liked this doll/outfit combo, though.
Very cute! Lots of fun for my daughter!
Looks nice but not a lot of variety in the textures. 8 month old baby does not seem very interested so far.
My niece absolutely loved it!!!
Great puzzle, but our puzzle was missing 2 pieces, which is frustrating.
Very cute ducks. I made a mistake in not paying attention to the size of these ducks. They are very tiny, so they didn't quite work for what we had planned, but that was my mistake for not reading closely enough.
I've solved all of these puzzles at least 5 times each and I had an enjoyable experience for each. The 3x3 works extremely well and is currently my main speed cube, and so does the 4x4. The 2x2 doesn't turn quite smoothly, but luckily Z-Cube has left the screws exposed so you can tension and adjust the speed of the cube. However, 5x5 is horrendous even after tensioning and lubricating because it never fixed the problem of lockups. Corner cutting is close to only 15 degrees both normal and reverse. I know as the layers increase the chances of lockups get higher, but for people who want to get personal bests, good averages, and singles for the 5x5 this isn't for you.
exactly what i was hoping for ^^
This little doll is amazing. My 4 year old cannot put it down. The bluetooth to mobile device connectivity is pretty seamless. The doll also has an auto shut off feature when idle which saves on batteries. 4 AA's that are needed to operate the doll are not included!
Overall, we love it! Was a little disappointed with the packaging, when it came tracker was not properly fastened to the package and fell off. The car was also very lose as if someone tried to open the package before hand. Also, at first the temple top would not stay in place, but I was able to fix it. Everything works fine! My daughter enjoys playing it with it. My guess is that it was originally a returned item. as some things were not opened while tracker and the car seemed out of place, lose, and fell off the inner packaging a few times. Overall, aside from that issue-- I'm very pleased with this item. I don't anticipate anyone else having a similar problem. I bought a tapestry to go with the item so as my daughter plays with it she can have a real jungle-like feel.
Definitely has a wide variety of decorations. Everything came as pictured. Not all the pinks match but when used with other items..it all blends. Plan ahead..there is DYI involved. It took a couple hours to make the tassles and tissue paper Pom Poms. I thought the bright gold didn't quite tie in with the other colors so we used it by itself else where. Instructions are easy to follow and simple to do. Would purchase again.
goes well with my outfit
This product is amazing bought this for my little girl and she loves it. Super easy to use and fast shipping ! I would 100% recommend this to anyone !
Decent packaging and a nice board.
Quality is not great but for the price it is ok.
My son is into astronomy and planets and wanted a globe. Perfect combination of his two interests. He used his birthday money to buy it. Very excited when it finally arrived. My only complaint is that comes with a USB outlet cord, which I don't recall seeing in the description. Luckily, my husband had a connector so my son didn't need to spend more money.
Alot smaller than expected and a bit complicated for someone that's not tech savvy... Overall after getting it going it's great , grandson loves it ...
They are really bigger than I thought. These should be used for the big cupcakes not standard sized. Or maybe even a cake but not for cupcakes. If I had time I would have returned them to get a smaller size. They are cute and what not.
great for the price, only good for one use. I tossed them out after the first use (that was the intent so no big deal for me). Very cheaply made and about 6 or so were broken when I first opened the packages.
The only thing I dislike is how hard it is to tell the 9 from the 6, but otherwise the dice are perfect.
Bought this for my little boy for his birthday to shoot his Nerf guns at instead of his sister's. Lol. He enjoys stacking and shooting them and we play games doing it. It's alot of fun. I expected it to be just a little bigger but non the less we have fun and that's all that matters.
Great for party supplies in a hurry!
Bubbles worked well, they don't make giant bubbles like some bubble wands. First one I opened the bubble making part had come detached from the handle part and I couldn't fish it out but that was the worst thing about them. One kiddo ended up with this happening during the course of bubble blowing also but it wasn't a big deal. The detachment is why im giving 4 stars.
I purchased this as part of favors for my sons class for their Easter party,but he decided to keep them for now. They are fun to play with,and I received each vehicle in each color so that's nice to have. They work on harder floors,but not so much carpet. Sometimes they take a few tries before they go-reason for 4* rating-,and sometimes they go right away on the first try,either way we have fun with them,and my son enjoys playing with them,which was surprising since he isn't into hotwheels or car stuff. They zoom off but not too fast that they'll go too far or ruin anything,but not too slow to lose interest,just the right speed for us. I will also be using this for our egg hunt practices we have to keep him occupied and playing outside when the weather warms up close to Easter,so really like they already came in eggs,it's so cute,and I honestly recommend these.
I was almost totally satisfied with this pillow pet duck! It's soft, fluffy, cuddly, and very cute! But for some reason, it is quite a good bit smaller than the other animals this company sells. I also have the chipmunk, giraffe, and monkey, which are all much larger than the duck. It's still a fun pillow and I would recommend it if you're aware that it may be a little small. Still plenty big enough to hug and enjoy!
Great little toys for the price.
She loves to play in it. Little pricey for plastic.
My 5 year old loves this toy. The flower that hatches the egg is kind of hard to crank up, though. That's why I took away one star.
It works well for what you pay for. This unit takes four double AA batteries, which is quite a lot for something that spit out money (aka making it rain). It comes with a stack of fake money to play around with and stickers for you to decorate the outside of the gun. The only problem is you do need clean crisp money. If there's any folds, wrinkles or if the money is just old, it'd just jammed up. If you don't want to spend too much for a money gun I recommend getting this unit, make get some New or semi new money from the bank or straight up iron your money.
I was pleased with the quality of the maps and the tube to hold them. The eraser and markers were a nice touch, as was the pack of dice. Also included, which I wasn't aware of, were 4 plastic lengths of j-channel which you can slide onto the long edge of the maps to help hold them flat. This is absolutely necessary as these maps curl really badly and are difficult to get to lay flat without weighing them down somehow. That is the only thing stopping me from giving a full 5 stars. I'm looking forward to the re-release of the water map with the new texture. I'll be sure to pick that up as well. :) One suggestion would be to find a way to include a handle or strap on the container so I can sling it over my should for transport.
These balloons are large and easy to blow up. Very striking. I would have given them 5 stars except it did not come with an attachment to blow them up. I just used a straw and it worked fine. The tail is a little weird and would be better if that part blew up also instead of just hanging there.
Great product and what I wanted. Love the fact it's the classic armor. Only advice I give is if your a big time collector and want it to stay in the box, buy with caution, but only because of the delivery service. The product was most likely fine when it left but my box was damaged. The figure was fine
These dinosaurs are really cute. I bought them for my two year old grandson. The book is great and he will really enjoy both. They are all over 6 inches in size so not too little for him to play with. The only thing I am not crazy about is that they smell awful. Hopefully when they get out of the box and get washed the chemical smell will go away.
Love the product. I bought this certified refurbished, but I did not expect to receive the charging cords in disarray and dirty.
Not at all Realistic. Cute doll with HUGE (rather creepy) eyes. My granddaughter liked her though.
Fun game for the family.
This is a really cool toy!! Super detailed! My 5 yr old son loves it!
piece broke off, so quality?
In perfect condition, looks exactly like the picture.
These balloons are awesome, but I gave it a 4 because they are small and I didn't see anywhere that it stated it was a bag of small balloons.
Worked great for a Sweeney Todd costume. Not as flimsy as I suspected!
Box was damaged when shipped. There was a hole on the front side, right in the middle. Float does not appear to be damaged. It was shipped fast, in time for vacation though.
My 2 year old loves this truck.
Very small container.
I bought this drone for my nephew and he was excited. Packaging came out good as expected ... all the expections were met as compared to what was described on amazon. First time buying a mini drone ... don't know how other drones are as far as flying time but just wish this was a little longer.
Fun toy. Lots of little things that make it easier for a child to use.
Great for a Halloween werewolf costume! Great quality and show!
Good quality but small. This product has been decreased over time.
Very funny and enjoyable
The metal pieces were a little hard to slide together and screws, but this ladder is super strong and appears durable. Nicely spaced and perfect height for my daughter.
He is very cute but a little small.
Had a hard time at first casting spells. The trick is to turn the led screen away from you and then try the spells. It worked for every spell in the book that way. Great fun!
great service, great price.
This was just ok. My kids enjoyed it, but it's not something they can do on their own. It's very messy, and you have to be kind of quick with it so the ingredients don't dry out. Once they're done, they don't fizz in the tub as much as store bought bath bombs, but my kids did enjoy making them. In my opinion, it wasn't worth the mess it made.
Not too bad for an online purchase
Better than most of the Ana costumes I saw in the stores. Th only issue was the hem came loose and got all frayed.
You get what you pay for. It did the job for preschool age children!
granddaughter loves it
Bought this for my daughter's birthday party. It was easy to inflate regularly balloons for decorating;however I wanted it specifically for animal balloons since someone wrote that it would, which was not the case.
the Camera is super adorable and the color is just as pictured. Giving it 4 stars because the quality could have been better but it's still a good camera. Great customer service, responded to my concerns very quickly and in a friendly manner.
I have no complaints so far about eSun PLA+. I'll probably keep choosing it for standard non-structural parts.
These are some great glasses so much i purchased 2 pair.
Such a great toy and so cute. I just wish the magnets were stronger so they wouldn't disconnect as easily. My boys love matching and mismatching the animals but when they go to carry them around they quickly disassemble.
Chain adjustment was very hard to get right.
My 2yo adores this toy. She carries her around everywhere and is always asking for Poppy if the doll isn't right in her hands. The reason I knocked off a star is because I really wish there was an off button. The songs/sayings are fun, but get old pretty quick when the button is being pushed over and over and over again.
My first order from Kotobukiya and I am ready to order more!
Color and size of figure was perfect but picture was too big ...could be thinner and color wasn't a true blue. They looked good on blue and white cake with snowflake sprinkles.
It was probably printed how long these were but I obviously didn't pay attention to that. These were pretty tiny. These were for 8 and 9 year olds for a pirate themed birthday party. I think they were all a little disappointed with these.
MY DAUGHTER LOOKED BEAUTIFUL
It didn't come in the original packaging. It had a bag around it and that was it. Disappointed in the packaging when the picture shows it in Star Wars box around the mug. It's a gift for someone and I have to put it in a generic box to wrap. For $20 you'd think I could get the packaging that comes with it. Cool mug though.
Great for our FNAF birthday party, but it does rip very easily. Fits door well though.
Cute toy. My grandson loves it.
Lots of different sea creatures, for a great price. I'm using these in a library story time.
These are great and sturdy - my only issue with them is that they don't fold together very easily and seem to be at an awkward angle instead of a square.
Nice set of fidgets. My students love them! Price is fine, not amazing.
Like the idea of the product. Inspires imagination. Not a huge fan of the songs played when you place the animals at the door. Otherwise everything else about it is good.
A fun set to open and play casually with friends. Even within the Speed Duel format, this does not add much to it.
Cheap enough that if they get lost it's not a big deal but you keep kids entertained for a while
Great for little hands to hold several cards at one time.
Very soft and fluffy...my grandson loves it.
Game came fast! Very awesome game. I loved the electronic monopoly so wanted to try this one too and its just as awesome! The no money hassle is great and easy to understand! My only complaint is the bottom of my game box came with a hole poked in it
Cute n fun for grandson
My daughter loves it and plays with it all the time. The extra connector parts fall off all the time, but she still manages to have a great time.
So much cooler than I expected.
Nice product and excited to continue using it as baby gets older but some of the layers of wood were splitting already (probably from the paint pulling the thin layers apart). And one of the cards came dog-eared out of the box. Not a big deal. Great gift/product otherwise!
Cute .. material is thinner than I anticipated (so RESIST your “normal” mind-set in furniture assembly & DO NOT over tighten screws) .. when assembled it's fine for the 3 year old grand-baby.
Daughter loves it but some of the eggs were broken when received.
I usually like to wear these in my hair and they are a little smaller than I am used to. but I'm hoping if I wash them they may stretch
I have several of these Tarot Bags which are VERY convenient for storing jewelry, traveling with small jewelry items and for slipping your mobile phone into instead of constantly holding them in your hands at functions, furthermore the tarot bag can be worn like a wristlet. Love it. Diane S
Lifelike and cost. However, somewhat hot and limited vision. First place Kentucky Derby novelty contest at local club.
Cute ice cream set for my daughter. The pieces are made very well. There is a magnet on the cone to he the scoops of ice cream on. I would have given it 5 starts if they made the container large enough to store all of the pieces!
My son was happy with the assortment. They are in near perfect condition and came excellently packaged.
My only reason for a 4 star rating was there could have been better directions. Otherwise product was just as anticipated.
Most don't break, great at getting dents. Kind of a big deal if you're using them to make the cards look the same
It's good tool to have, really nice leds. Recommend it and for the price it worth it
The figure was ok with no damage same as the box but there was no bubble wrap or anything to protect it inside the shipping box. He had popped out of the box but wasn't damaged, could've been worse.
As described. Good item, durable
Huge hit in my house! Just wish there was a way to extend the length of play time. It seems to end too quickly. Then again, it could just be that we are having fun so time seems to be flying.
So happy to get this quickly for my daughter before Halloween.
VERY VERY VERY DISSAPPOINTED AND I CANNOT RETURN IT
Saw a sale and I had to have it. The sound features are good the flying for the most part is good. But a small amount of breeze the copter can't hang. I recommend indoor flying only, or 100% perfect calm day for out door flying
Love my Tigger. I received it as a Christmas gift. I was told it came in a timely manner and it's in great condition
Feels great but the seams a bit rough. Perfect size!
Great Christmas present
Great package for a small party. The cutouts we're smaller than I thought, hut they worked because we were in a small area. Good package for the price.
Looks great but limited maneuverability.
This was a birthday gift and she loves it!
We had a blast playing this game. We laughed so much that our stomachs hurt. What a fun game to play during what has become A VERY LONG WINTER.
Good drone for the price. The battery life is only about 5 minutes and the camera quality isn't the best, but it was 79 bucks. Better drones can cost you upwards of 500
Came as expected, good quality.
Some of their heads or tails pop off but they are pretty easy to get back on or glue back on. Had them for almost a year now and my kids still play with them.
These are very cute but they do have a strong odor. I've only tested one out so I can't say how long they last but the tester worked great!
I enjoy collecting these as little trinkets to fill space on a desk, and because they honestly look really cool.
The truck is great. Our grandson loves it. But the battery door is missing. Can anyone tell me how to get one?
Great decoration, I like that the toys can be placed on the topper or removed to be placed anywhere on the cake. The only problem is the banners don't have enough space for more than one word.
It was a great squishy but it came with a rip in the side.
This is a cute jewelry box for my horse-loving niece! Love the horse that spins with the music. I feel like the price is a bit high for the materials, but it's cute enough that I have already bought a different one for my unicorn-loving niece.
love how big this thing os and how it breaks down very small for storage. The light up circles are nice too for at night time. only thing i don't like about it, is it's very hard to control which direction it flies in...
Besides the material being kind of difficult to line up and not make the folds look so obvious, this was a perfect cherry on the top for my sons 2nd birthday!
Perfect fit for my 14 year old daughter and they looked great with her costume. May be too small for an adult.
My son loved this toy when he first got it. He loves animals. However, he quickly tired of it. He continues to use the vet tools (stethoscope and thermometer) when he's playing doctor or vet, but he no longer plays with the rest of the toy.
The paint job wasn't the best I've seen
Fits great nothing blocks camera.
This toy is great quality. Does have a penis and testes. I didn't know. My 5 year old daughter was also surprised
Cute but the battery doesn't last long in it.
my kids liked these and we still have them after a year thanks
Great quality! The mask fits tight!! The cape is well made, I wish the Velcro strip was longer, or there were a couple for size adjustments, but the quality is great!
Awesome spider, good ability to manipulate and hang. Light up eyes were great too. Sheds EVERYWHERE!
Good add on purchase
Super cute! Any Pop without a base is a little wobbly.
Very nice toy, excellent for creative kids and adults. The only thing that I didn't like is the instructions shows figure that uses more parts than the one came in the box.
good games for group of people
Very fun and easy-to-learn game. Don't let the provocative name deter you.
Great assortment however found it challenging to put together especially the arms. No way my child was able to do that. The idea was for it to be for them to build, not me to build.
So cute love him but it is kinda fragile body and head aren't secure but then again it's supposed to be a bobble head
This chart is fairly functional and it comes with everything you need. The only thing I would change would be: add stronger magnets to the back of the chart or more magnetic strips. (When my son runs to the chart to add a token if he touches the chart it will slide around the frig. Also when he removes a token or responsibility square the velcro will pull the chart off the frig.)
Arrived with lid broken and instant snow covering my other purchases and coming out of the cracks of the box. Was able to scoop up about 3/4 of the contents and put in another container. Amazon refunded the purchase price for me right away. Product still works well. Daughter uses the instant snow in some of the slime she makes. Overall, happy with the purchase.
My daughter loves it! We got it for her 2nd birthday and she didn't get off of it for over an hour. She keeps talking about it any time we are away from it. Only thing I will say is make sure you have a drill, some of the predrilled hole are wrongly spaced and too small for the screws. You'll need something other than you hand to get them in all the way. As long as you have a few basic tools lying around, you'll be fine
Thin material. We bought Knuckles, too, and Knuckles is MUCH better. Quality is not great for Sonic.
This product came in a really nice clear plastic container/dispenser, with three rows containing nicely made dice pieces. The container was a much appreciated bonus because it provides a good way to protect and store the dies, and dispense them as needed. Highly recommended and a very good value.
Instructions weren't very clear but luckily my husband is handy and patient. It's smaller than I expected but it's cute once out together. In the one pic my daughter is standing on it and she's 5. Sandbox is very small but for $100 it's not a terrible purchase. If it makes my kiddos happy that's what counts.
These work pretty well. Take quite a bit of time for inpatient little ones. And you can't know which design you'll receive. But they are bigger and thicker than those purchased at the dollar store.
Perfect for what I used it for...stuck in my garden. I followed other reviewers suggestions in poking a hole in the ground first (I used a weeding knife). It is somewhat flimsy at the connections, so position it gingerly. The spikes are lightweight, so follow the reviewers suggestions on making a hole first.
To improve the presentation
While they are fun and unique, they do not stay open. My grandchildren, 1, 2.5 and 4 years old play with them.
They look dope but 80% impossible to read in even good lighting
Great price, well made.
Great quality! My son likes the rain that comes out of it. Easy to clean and keep from getting moldy.
as described and lets you charge if needed.
great xmas present will bring great entertainment for a 4 year old
Not the most sturdy, and I'm not sure if it will actually insulate since there's no way to fully close the bag, but it will work for my preschooler just fine.
Drone works well, smooth flyer, however, app worked after going on YouTube to find correct one... which is in playstore.
My son absolutely LOVED these. The only negative is the lights. Some of them didn't work and some were super bright then the second time you pressed it they stopped working. I would love to get them replaced so that I could get what I actually paid for but my son is deciding to keep them even though they malfunction. I mean it's worth the buy bc my son is happy but not at that price for the toys not working the way it should.
Good for a little girl playing dress up and who will likely lose things. Cheaply made but good for the purpose.
Only complaint, it's not as y'all as most step stools I've seen.
Worked well for a gift
Delivered in time and looks as shown in photo
Worked well for the event! Very cute! Scarf was too small to comfortably (loosely) tie around neck of my five year old.
Love this game! USPS nearly destroyed it, box was mangled so bad. But plastic parts seemed durable I guess. Cheap China made. Tons of fun for family.
This is great! I would recommend that your baby be at least 8 or 9 months for use of this though. The leg opening is rather large so it wouldn't be good for a little baby.
It's a good, standard Figma figure. The only issue can be while posing Zelda, the dress can get in the way.
My daughter loves this game. She is only 4 and it's easy enough for her to play and put it together. Fun, entertaining, and easy game for kids and the whole family to play
a nice mix of colors and clear directions
Read the quantity carefully. 50 of the 98 items are glow bracelets which are the least interesting item in the pack IMO. Wish I had paid better attention to that before buying. Otherwise I don't have gripes about the product that arrived. Some of the rings are wonky but honestly that's just glow rings I never found them to be 100% anywhere, they seem good to me but I don't think you can count on 100% if you've got a certain number of kids you should order extra.
if you aren't keeping it in the package than I would be very careful with it doesn't break that easily but I would still be very careful with it. This probably will not happen to you but my daughter was very upset when she left it on the rock stairs and the dog trapped on it and it the rock scratched of all the paint on the one side but other than that the legs haven't broke of or the tail so it can't be that easy to break.
My girlfriend got this for me for my birthday, and I absolutely love it. It spins nice and slow with a fan in the room and is a lovely addition to my gaming PC. My only slight annoyance is you can't turn off the lights, this is only a test issue but would make it a much better product to me.
Daughter loved it, looks well made, fit her great. Bought this for my 5 year old.
A little small, but is fine for babies
They work just fine, and are very sturdy.
I have yet to really play with this... so excited to start practicing tho!
my granddaughter was so excited, contained everything she needed to make all kinds of slime,
It is a gift for my nephew so I haven't opened the box yet, but everything looks good!
Back part is a little tough to get snapped on but one we realized you have to push on the front while your putting the back on it was much better. Overall a fun item. My son likes that he has something to play with now when his sisters want to play Shopkins.
Why does kids love these things?
The mask is great quality for the price.it fit my son great except the eyes were a little hard for him to see out of correctly.
It is smaller than I expected, but my 2 year old grand daughter sits on the two bags of sand from Lowe's and plays with no difficulty.
A lot bigger than I thought
It is an absolutely beautiful ring, well built, steady and the cubic zirconia as sparkling as it can be. I didn't give the 5 starts, because, obviously it is not silver 925 as they are trying to advertised.
Glad I ordered it big, because it runs small. The material is very thin.
Yes, it is creepy and my 12 year old loves it.
he plays a mean guitar.
It looks and feels incredible. But, there are some small limitations. The head is kind of a nightmare to assemble, and a certain section toward the front of the leg likes to come out of the socket. The waist skirts greatly limit the forward kick. But everything else? Amazing. I really like it.
My toddler loves it but it doesn't have special features like the other vehicles.
My daughter will love it
Got this for a family Christmas party. Was well received and the cat lovers in the fam played for a long time.
This doll's ears sizes are different.
Item was what i expected but way to small and not near as big as what it looks like in the photo.
concept but not easy for my 7 year olds
Granddaughter enjoy playing with it
Babys grate gift still playing with them every day
My daughter wanted a jump rope for her birthday and I thought it was perfect for her. Though it is "adjustable", I prefer for her to just roll it around her hand a few times that way when she does get bigger, the rope will be her size.
does what its supposed to do - make bubbles - kids love them.
Really cute gift. Well made with wood and metal makes this much better child's toy than plastic. My husband even enjoys playing with it. My only wish is that the screws were hidden.
This seems like a pretty nice backpack and lunch bag combo. The backpack is a good size for our preschooler, and the lunch bag is big enough for a typical preschooler lunch. Time will tell about the durability of the products. One thing that we could not figure out -- the outer pocket appears to be equipped with several LED lights driven by a small battery pack. It did not seem to work for us, and we could not figure out how to access the battery pack to replace the battery. This didn't really affect the overall functionality of the bag, but you may have the same issue if you purchase this product. If the seller responds with a solution I will submit a follow-up review.
The price is very favorable and the quality is good.i like it
So, this is a great beginner drone. Kids will need guidance, for sure, so I think it's maybe perfect for a child around 10 years old or so. My kids are 8 and 6, so we are having to help them. You cannot record and watch at the same time. Honestly, I think that is a perk because then they might not be paying attention to truly manning the device with too many other things going on. You can watch the playback. I would start this in an open field, as we just barely missed landing this on our neighbor's roof. It is lightweight and can get caught in the wind but that is the same of any drone in this price range. Overall, I feel like the money spent on this was worth it. It's a fun toy to play with the kids, teaches them about engineering and even photography. It's a win.
more green then the first picture
The bills are great. The change is not close enough to the real thing for someone from another country to understand. Real coins won't last long with children, but they should already know what a real penny, nickel, dime, quarter and half dollar look like. But someone who is a refugee needs the handle the real thing.
I bought this as an Easter bunny gift for my 6 year old daughter. Age recommendation is 8 and up but she is usually pretty good with these kinds of toys. That being said I love that this is more of a putty than a slime; however, do not leave a child unattended. She ended up with the "unicorn poop" on her Easter dress. :( We were both pleasantly surprised with the squishy unicorn. She was so impressed that it smelled great too. Overall, I would recommend the product but would stick to the age range recommended by the seller.
We have used this in the classroom and the students enjoy it.
5 year old daughter loves it. As with most children's dress up toys, the quality is OK. It is holding together great, but the pieces don't hang perfectly straight. She doesn't care. I'd buy it again and would recommend for a child.
Overall the product was smaller than I expected and therefore I paid more for it than I would have had I seen it in person before purchasing...I think around $15 Max is a more reasonable price for this. But my kids love to build stuff! So hopefully it will be worth every penny in the long run. And they are NOT as small as Legos so less pain on your feet ;)
Soooo cute. Makes he sound of coffee pouring into the cup on he coffee maker. Box was received damaged. Was disappointed because it is a gift for my niece. That's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
They seem to do the job, does it work? Perhaps, if I had run the very same rocks with out it and the very same rocks with it...I could tell you. Only the rocks will know.
Great deal and fast serive
Nice Figure - As described by Seller..
Good quality and definitely great for my 2 year olds party bags! I would purchase again.
My toddler daughter is in love! Best purchase thus far with the most use... she plays on her horse almost every day. Gave a four star because the inside electronics stopped working the same week she got the horse which is a bummer.
The lynx plush is cute! Maybe a tad less fluffy than the picture, but not by much. The mane isn't overly full, but still looks good. The ear tufts are not good. They are glued, they don't quite match each other. I see why they glued them, it is because real Lynx have a very defined ear tuft they tried to replicate that and point them. A little scratchy because of it, but not bad for the over all price paid for the toy.
My 5 year old absolutely loves this register. We have no problem with the microphone or the drawer. It is, however, a little small. You cant really fit anything on the conveyer belt.
Really like these! Good products good price!
Good product. Good description. One motor came outside gear box. Paper wrap is really difficult to tear apart.
smaller than expected
They are so cute for a birthday party for a 4 year old and they're so inexpensive so many for a small amount of money my granddaughter loves them she does anything unicorn
I'm not sure if it really is the world's smallest Warriors Napoleon Cannon, but it's a very attractive one. Included in the box is one shiny cannon, a bottle of ammo and an Allen wrench. What's not included in the box are instructions. Pretty lame on the manufacturer's part. I did find a link to a video listed in the "Customer questions & answers" section which was very helpful. Otherwise, I wouldn't know what was needed to fire the cannon or how to do it. Had instructions been included, it would have received five stars.
The sharp points are easily broken
Much better quality than I expected or paid for. It is slow rising and very pleasing to squish, mine was kind of scented like a banana mixed with a rubber factory kind of smell. It's a little wrinkled from getting packaged which isn't going away and there's a piece of hard plastic sticking out of the side.
This Siege version of Hound has great details and a fairly easy transformation. The vehicle mode looks really good and all the accessories fit while transformed so you do not lose anything. The battle damage paint is just alright but it's the theme of the Siege toys. I recommend adding hound to your collection kids and adults alike.
This would have been a 5 star review if one of the pea pods didn't fall apart in less than a day. I wish you could choose the colors as well, but these fidgets are overall very good and we have enjoyed them. They are in use for anxiety and adhd symptoms.
Super cute but I'm not sure how long they will hold up. The tops are sturdy but the wheels feel cheap and like they will come off easily.
The rabbit puppet is really cute and my daughter loves it. However, I am subtracting one star because the puppet I received did not look as realistic as the puppets shown in the images. Specifically, its nose lacks definition. Either each rabbit is handmade (so there will, of course, be differences in individual units) or there are some quality control issues.
I purchased this for my son who is on the spectrum and has a bad habit of picking at and off his fingernails. I expected him to destroy it but it has held up well, the only issue for us was that he wanted it to "do" something- he got frustrated that when he flipped the switch it didn't light up or make a noise. This seems to be a great product, but not quite what we were looking for.
I topped my SATs cos of this. j.k. I am not sure if kids are supposed to like this or not. But my kid has used it a few times in car and seems OK with it. Kumon Teacher recommended it for my kid.
It's so cute and my nephew loves it! I would recommend.
Great product. Just what I needed
Easy to use. Blankets are too heavy to cover creations. We had to use flat sheets.
Neat addition to the collection.
Can't see the gems very well
Cute and adorable little beanie baby! Soft and fits in great with my collection.
Yes my Granddaughter loved them and would like a matching necklace!!!???
My son stopped opening his presents when he got to this one. He loves it and they are perfect for kids to learn about taking things apart and putting them back together. Great gift.
The Grinch seem to be of good quality. I would buy again.
Was great for kids. Water pens work good, it's stays on for quite a while. The marks were just a little light. I would be nice if it were darker. But it's great for a rainy day project.
We had so much fun with these at our party. They looked great. Many were a little crooked though, so while fun for party, you couldn't use them for every day.
Is what it was advertised
This is very cute, Makes monster sounds but, Don't record and play voice back in monster sound. Other then that. The child still liked it.
It came on time and the paint job looks good. All the markings are right but the one thing that was an issue was the top of the box was slightly damaged. Wasn't too bad though so overall I'm happy with my purchase.
My 18 month old loves this toy, he loves to ride on it as well as push it around. Taking away one star for the lack of an on/off switch.
Got this fory son during Christmas and he loves it we are now in June and nothing is broken it did come in a strange package but its ok. I think if it was a little cheaper I would definitely give it 5 stars.
Customer service is good. Trucks are better than tech decks. Some rubber pieces are inclined to break easily with heavy use.
Much longer flight time with a Poke FPV than with the supplied 150 Mah batteries. I saw an issue concerning an excessively tight fit with the connectors, due to to small round nibs on the end alongside the key, and corrected this by filing them down with a jeweler's file. This seemed to be a more of a problem with the typical generic USB charger than the drone itself.
We just took our first road trip where my 6 year old son drew and wrote in this a lot. My only complaint is that the caps are easy to lose off the pens. We have lost a cap now and one pen now can't be used. Not sure what kind to buy as a replacement
Great doll! Giving it as a gift.
Son was pleased. Just wish they made these toys with better material, why always plastic
Colors are a little darker that we can see from the pictures
Very cute planter, but only holds a very tiny plant. I added a succulent. Because the opening is so small, it can be hard to water (the water runs right off). Besides that, it looks really cute.
My boys love it. Unfortunately it does take a lot of charge to get it to be fully charged and will last awhile if charged for 48hrs. But my boys due play with it a lot during the day and sometimes forget to turn the key and I think that might also be the reason for short battery life. But other then that it has been the best birthday present for my oldest and it is a win win when both boys get to share and enjoy and this toy lets them do that!!
Lots of fun and my son loved it.
My 2 year old absolutely love these!!! The quality is great. The stickers really are reusable. My daughter has been placing these EVERYWHERE... the walls, on the sheets that came with, the floors... and they are so easy to peel off and reuse even if they got dirty. The only reason why I didn't give these 5 stars is because my daughter doesn't understand what the animals are. It would be much more fun with farm or jungle animals that we could talk about but she only refers to most of them as fish or crocodile. Overall highly recommend these!
Cute and my almost 4 year old loves it except arms easily fall off. They go back on, but it's annoying. Jet is a better design in this way
I was pleased with the color and softness of the stuffed unicorn. Bought it for my grand niece to go along with a quilt I made for her using unicorn fabric on the back of it. Received it within 2 days of ordering.
Great toy. There are little pieces but not a ton of them that will get lost. My son loves it. Wish he could take more apart on it toy but it keeps him happy
These hats are sturdy, attractive, and just what I wanted. However, the circumference is 23.5 inches. This is quite large, even for an adult's head. The crown is 6 inches tall.
It is a pretty good chair for a dorm room. It doesn't take up too much space and works very nicely for a place to sit. Not the most comfortable chair after 15 minutes of sitting but it's not the worst.
Pictures shows product perfectly! Made of high quality metals.
Great set. Riders for horseback came with no horses and no horses available separately. Huh?
Good quality for the price! Not five stars because I am sure they won't last long. They are super cute and my girls love the detail! Thanks!
Be careful removing item from the packaging. The piece is very brittle and can break being unwrapped. I had to buy 2 because if this. The detail is amazing.
Good product and good price
Fun for all ages. The ball tends to get stuck in the netting so we cut part of the bottom off of it.
My daughter loved these
Wow. This game is so inappropriate and fun. I read reviews and even the description and didn't think it could be that bad but it is! make sure you play this with the right group. It can definitely make you feel uncomfortable and has some shocking questions that catch you off guard.
Bought this for my daughter who loves it.
This is a good game - I played with 10, 6 and 4 year olds... they enjoyed it the first time and we played a second time but after that they were a bored. the colors are great and I did like the idea of everyone having their own dice so you don't have to pass them around.
Everything with the dress is wonderful, but the earrings arrived broken. My 2 year old daughter absolutely loves this dress!
Good product. I buy again. Lots of fun!
This was a fun game for myself and granddaughters . Had lots of fun with it
Cool toys my grandson likes them
Great Learning Tool for Kids.
It's a cute toy. My toddlers are big fans of the vetch toys. This set worked well for a while but then the ramp broke and we couldn't get a replacement, so we weren't able to set it up the way it was supposed to be set up. My kids didn't seem to mind though, they made up new ways to set up the tracks
This lighter is really fun but doesn't have much butane. The batteries also ran out the first day.the lighter came early. The shock isn't bad
Super cute! On the small side not a full size cabbage patch doll but perfect for a small toddler.
Looks good. Don't kno what hole in the back is for
Lots of repeat foods I mean LOTS and the pots and pans are very small but it works...
like the add on options here, just not a fan of having to manually apply stickers. Good add on pieces for starter kit. Not meant to be purchased alone. Get this to expand on the Spiral starter kit.
Very cute product! I wish that the design sheet fit under the square so that the colors could be matched that way
Very well made and as advertised and pictured.
I really liked this product, my kids played with these until that broke and then played with the pieces. This product would make a great accessory for a Halloween costume or a great toy for a young child! The issue I ran into is that my 8 year sword fights harder than these toys are apparently designed for. My toddler on the other hand runs around the house for hours pretending with no issues. I also had a tough time figuring out how to turn the sabers off. I found myself removing the batteries just to turn it off. Bottom line; this toy is great if it is for younger kids but durability becomes more questionable the older the player gets.
It is mostly plastic, so the "full metal" stuff is not accurate. That said, my son is tough on toys and he loves this scoop! He plays outside with it in the clay and dirt and gravel. It's been two months now (not long I know but a good bit of time) and the toy still looks great and works like new. Obly 4 stars because of the inaccurate claims on the box.
Works pretty good. Just a suggestion, use rechargeable batteries. Son loves it soo much I decided rechargeable batteries worked best.
Comes in handy at work
Grand daughter love them.
I love the invitations I'm just missing a set! I ordered 3 and only received two !
Even though I'm not utterly enthralled with Wysocki art, I love doing these 1000 pc puzzles as I can usually get one done in a day. The puzzle pieces are above average in quality....there is no puzzle dust to speak of, the pieces are NOT delaminating like some inferior brand pieces, they interlock well but are also easy to disconnect when taking the puzzle apart. The piece shapes are 'classic' without any crazy-shapes and are average in size (not tiny and not oversize).
These items are sturdy and strong. The flowers stay in my daughter's hair nicely and the necklace is well put together.
My niece is a Barbie fiend so it goes without saying she likes it. It is had to keep 32 Barbie's in clothing! To me the price was more than reasonable and for the young especially it is a best buy. These they do not have to put on a shelf or feel bad if something happens. They were colorful and looked like something a Barbie Fan would like to dress her girls in.
LOVE these books, the tags make them even more interesting for my 5 mo. Good quality except the squeakers don't really work, but that's not why I bought them so its not a huge deal to me. I've already washed them and they held up just fine (I hung them up to dry). Very cute! Thank you!
Tiles are not really uniform so the craft came out slightly uneven. Also, some of the tiles we're very off center so couldn't be used. If your using for Scrabble came probably ok.
I bought this because I am a harry potter fan and thought it was such a cute plush to have. It is super soft except for the wings. His wings are more like loose fluff and some of it falls off it you pet it too much. Its smaller than expected but still super cute. So worth it for the deal i got too. Perfect gift for a potter fan
Great product, good quality and numbers were shaped very nicely. One think I don't like is packing as we received in a simple plastic wrap. Overall the product is nice which keeps my son engaging
Worked well to keep my hitch from rattling. I only use this when I take the trailer on long trips though because it's a pain to put on and I don't leave my hitch in my vehicle all the time.
the gloves fit well! My only concern is that the glitter on the nails wears off easily. Nothing a little hairspray can't fix of course.
The product is splitting a little bit, so it probably will not last long. Other than that, the colors are cool, and its a generally fun little thing. Extended use would probably not be recommended. It seems this will fall apart easily (since it already is...)
This very large version of the game really helped me due to my low vision. I can actually read the letter tiles without magnification help which I need on the other versions. But it took two tries since the first game I got came with over half the alphabet missing. Had to send the first one back. Check out the letters before completely unpacking.
Worked out very nicely.
I liked this product more that the little one I had before. The bad thing about it is how the seat isn't deep enough. The quality is decent, get what you pay for.
This is super cute and it looks absolutely precious on my daughter. However, the band is way too big for her so I will have to sew it to fit her.
My first Tamashii Figuarts I've ever bought and I love it! Only gripe I have is when I received mine the left leg is hard to move and creaks really loudly when I try to move it.
Beautiful mass China produced nesting eggs. If this is for a child, be prepared to do some sanding. Ours were stuck together and I spent about 30 minutes sanding all the joints so my granddaughter could get them apart.
My 3 yr old loves the lights sounds and that it will roll.
Purchased for my daughter for Halloween, she wanted to be a Peacock and I couldn't find the costume anywhere else. It fit her fairly well and has bright colors the only thing is the wrist straps would break.
Very durable, fun to play with.
This was a cute gift to give. The glass, although in a box, was a bit dusty and dirty. It isn't a massive issue, seeing as you should wash glassware before using, regardless. I just found it odd.
I like it and now use it to transport my spark. I do think it is a little big and will be looking for a more compact carrier that is also lighter. If you take your drone on backpacking trips or even day hikes, this case is a bit too large and bulky. It would be improved if it had some straps that you could allow it to attach to the outside of a pack. It will probably fit in a day pack but for me it would take up the whole pack. There's no way I would try and shove it into a multi-day backpack.
Sentinels of the Multiverse is a great game to play with your family. It's co-op between the players, so no infighting at the table.
Durable and easy to install
My son loved this for Christmas! The little figure is perfect and the ball is great. He clips it onto his waistband and runs around the house with it. The ball doesn't "lock" shut so it does open very easily. Other than that it is perfect!
Bought as a gift for my granddaughter. She absolutely loved it!!
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loved it, the only complaint I have is that the box came in slightly damaged
Love it but kinda small and I have a small head already
Adorable but pricey for what it is..
Doesn't stand as bumblebee, but is still a firm fave.
Gave this as a birthday gift for my sister. She loves it. Easy to follow directions. Fun game for mixed audiences.
Product worked great-receiving 3 follow up emails from the vendor, not so great.
I'm a 50 year old man who purchased this for his growing collection of rpg miniatures. Priorities. And this thing holds a lot...and compartments are adjustable. And doesn't take up a lot of space. Worth the price. Not quite sure how much abuse it can take...but oh well.
Was a gun set to build
Cute but smaller than expected
Super cute, but the light isn't working.
I love the bottom part but the top falls all over and it defeats the purpose.
I bought this as a gift. I thought the price was very good and I received it promptly.
So cute however a little smaller than I expected.
Adorable. Purchased this as a gift for my two year old grandson. He uses it often, carries it around from place to place. The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 was I was disappointed in the size. Too small for my four year old toddler grand children.
This is very cute. I haven't placed it on my car yet. On a side note, beware of how you have it delivered. This is a sheet, no cardboard or plastic. Mine was delivered by Amazon, wrapped around a can of tea and shipped in a big envelope. It is a little wrinkled but I think will be okay
My kids can stay on this toy for hours. Very crafty and imaginary.
I think it will be a great game, just thought it was funny that the box is 1/4 cardboard insert to make up for space
My grandson and his father love this Lego set. It's awfully complicated for anyone under 10 years old, and has lots of teeny tiny pieces, but, as long as Dad or big bro help out, it is lots of fun.
I'm giving four stars because 1) I like the design of the building 2) The bricks connect well and are not loose 3) It is relatively inexpensive 4) Complete and well packaged bricks compatible with major toy bricks, lego. The lost star is because of the instruction manual; For grown ups/construction experts I would assume it wouldn't be too hard to figure out how to fix the pieces together from the manual. But for kids/novice, someone could get frustrated. Recommendation: don't leave your kid alone to construct by his/herself
Opening the package, I found the crayons all over in the box. Great price, easy to use for my 4 year old. I'm happy with the product, just glad I did not order this as a gift.
My son is obsessed and this toy brings back so many memories. I love this toy, but we've had an issue keeping his arm down. He has a karate chop action arm that just doesn't secure well enough. Very nice other than the arm. Tom's of phrases and lots of actions. Would recommend
Kind of flimsy, and the pieces are hard to attach but what can ya do?
They seem bright enough to keep birds away from my tomato plants! Hopefully, it works!
The game is wonderful. Shipping arrived on time and in great condition.
It had a spell odor to the box...had to put it outside in the air..to hopefully eliminate it.
Great durability...great price. At this price point, short battery life was expected (as it was also advertised)...would prefer longer battery but will look to get an extra battery to extend flight time
Purchased as a party favor for my daughters birthday. She's 10 and these emojis were a big hit it's her class. The artwork is great, they look just like the emoji. They're a decent size and fun for the kids to put on their backpacks. Only gave 3 stars for sturdiness and durability because realistically it is a cheap toy though I feel I got better quality for the small amount I paid than I would've with other similar products.
It pleased my college freshman: that was the key
Very cuddly and soft, and very cute. However the shape wasn't QUITE symmetrical - maybe it's hard to get the bottom perfectly round etc. But still a good toy.
Cute and a great piece to wear for any costume
I am just starting to use it and will get back later It is easy to adjust to fit comfortably to my head and change lens.The variety of lens fits my needs perfect
Exactly what our lil kitchen needed.
What I didn't like, is the item was lost in transit and I was given a refund, but amazon says I requested a refund.. the item finally arrived a month or so later. It was supposed to be shipped with amazon prime 2 day..now I'm getting alot of email asking me to return it and there is no way to contact seller.. ridiculous
I like how transforms and I used to have to push in my belly says my son. It's a little tricky to learn but now he knows
I bought these to put some activity and cuteness to my mom's assisted living window; it makes her smile and I can exchange one during each of the holidays. Pumpkin head is very minimal bobbling. Reindeer and bunny are the most action and cutest. Very reasonable price at less than $3 each. Each one comes in a clear plastic molded packaging so you could give them out individually.
I was excited for this arrival, hand fits female adult with room for mans. Though his arms & legs can attach around you, you. Would need to be child size. But I can use this feature to hang off a stand during use. He has offset eyes that give a bit of a cross eyed look. I don't think it's meant to be this silly looking. Guess the character will have to be extra goofy. At first it annoyed, but it's growing on me.
These are a beautiful collection of dinosaurs but a bit fragile. I bought these for a Peds lobby as a toy. The plastic is very hard and inflexible. Really great if you have an older child or one that collects dinosaurs. When playing the little jaw pieces and some thin arms broke off fairly quickly and they are bit harder than is good for heavy use. Because the plastic doesn't have much give if they are played with a lot they snap instead of giving and flexing with play. Really they are an awesome collection and well painted just beware for what age child you purchase and how rough they will be used.
Granddaughter loves the dress.
I needed more scarves for my class as some of the old ones are missing or torn. These are definitely not silk nor do they feel like silk, but they are much better made than my old ones. The edge are hemmed and looks more durable. Each of the 12 scarves come individually packed in plastic bag, and then 12 bag in another bag - what a bummer to add to the environment!
It's longer then what i expect but it still works perfectly for what i needed it for, a part kinda broke but still good highly recommend
My daughter liked them. I wish the material was stronger BUT for the price I was satisfied.
Pretty with brown and green glitter
The camera is easy to use and came exactly as described. My son is 9 and has already filmed from the pool and around the yard. There are some attachments that I'm not sure what they would attach to, but all in all the quality meets the price.
Son loved it, just wish I didn't have to pin it to his shirt to keep it from pulling at his throat.
they were ok.....maybe a little more fragile than I expected....Guess I won't complain...didn't cost a lot.
These ponies are VERY well packaged....to the point that I accidentally ripped out three of their tails (thankfully those went back in easily) AND I ripped off Pinky Pie's leg completely while attempting to get them out of the package. My husband was able to super glue the leg back on, and thankfully it was already a leg that wasn't supporting weight due to it being up off the ground already..but yeah. Either I acquired super human strength or these are so well packaged that Hulk strength is necessary. Use scissors.
Ok, it is a cool product. Only problem is the doors fall off really easy. It frustrated my 4 year old. So I constantly have to put the doors back on.
Picture doesn't show it but there is black safety print the whole way around the pool. Got it for iced drink pool for a party nd it was the perfect size. Wasn't happy about the black print but it looked cute and served the purpose. Has an air cushioned bottom so would be great for little ones.
My grandson likes it, but it's hard to know if he's going to keep using, he got too many things from Santa.
my daughter loves this squishie it has a couple of holes in it and air comes out but she dosent care! and the smell is so good it smels like pie!
Good toy but the tissue is very soft
My niece wanted a pet bird for her 5th birthday so this is what she got. Lol she was happy and mom and dad were even happier. It repeats what you say so be careful 😅
Very good toy to use with kids!
It's a great cube for the price although it doesn't feel like the best quality.
The thing I liked most was the color, and it was squishy.
It was pretty easy for my grandson to learn to operate. He just had to keep referring to the manual until he learned everything. However when the drone would get about 100 yards out it seemed to have a mind of its own and would not respond to commands from the controller
My grandson loves it.
Purchased this as a gift for my six year old nephew and it was a huge hit at the party. His friends all really wanted to play and had a blast.
Adorable product, but not really what's pictured. I think my Pete the Cat had a few hamburgers before he arrived at our house. I only gave a high score because my son is very happy with him.
There is a lot of repeat cards within the deck but it was fun
This is a great little toy. Looks just like our Dyson, my little one loves it! It definitely does NOT pick anything up though. That would be a bonus if it did! But for thr price its great.
Used these for fillers in goody bags at a kids birthday. I had a few leftover; although they stayed covered, they dried up within a couple weeks. Overall the kids enjoyed them, so they served their purpose.
Small but will work on my girls bikes. They will be happy
While this product was great and I purchased it for my niece for Christmas based on the information provided online, she is only 15 months and the manufacturer does not recommend this product for children under the age of 36 months. We aren't particularly stringent about these guidelines in my family, but just be aware if purchasing for infants/toddlers.
This kit is really awesome. The figures are well detailed, comes with plenty of accessories, and a trench platform which is a great touch. The only complaint that I have (which is a small one to me) is that there is a lot of refinement for the figures to make them look more realistic but other than that, I think it's an awesome kit.
My daughter loves this piggy bank. Only tiny problem was that the plug on the bottom was hard to remove because of some excess plastic that was easily removed with a paper cutter. Very safe, no sharp edges.
A fun family game to play during the Christmas holiday!
The oven door seemed to break easily, other than that, my daughter really enjoys this toy!
We used these for a school carnival as one of the game prizes. The kids loved them, but if there was one downfall it was the trash that was left behind from the wrapper.
While I seemed to have gotten an even amount of each land, I was short of each of them, and instead was sent a bunch of these identical double-face replacement cards.
My kids loved these.
I would have given this 5 stars however the case it came in, came to me broken. I had to throw it away. Luckily nothing else was broken and it did come with a bag to put the toys in. This is not suitable for small children who put things in their mouths as there are small pieces.
These are cute... I figured it would be harder for my LO to break and so far so good. My only thing is that it's on the small side even for LOs
I bought two squishy toys after my daughter enjoyed playing with another brand at her cousins house. Anyway, I was super excited when these showed up because the rainbow and unicorn were very cute. The scent is also not too over powering. My daughter was thrilled too! After a few hours of use, I was disappointed to learn they were tearing. I contacted the company and they immediately sent two new squishys. We have not had an issue with the new set so far. I am giving a 4 star review because of the response received by customer service.
Haven't put this into the build yet.
My son is happy with these cards. And it was affordable, so I'm happy too.
This is a lovely set of 10 fancy fashion doll dresses for 11.5 inch dolls. The dresses are handmade with Velcro closures, and in random colors and styles. I like that they fit both newer and older style barbie dolls, and that the Velcro closures make them easy to put on and remove. They are of decent quality and the assortment I received is very nice, without any repeats, although four dresses do have the same bottom lace. I had to trim a couple of threads that were sticking out but nothing major, and the Velcro closures feel quite strong. I received the following dresses in my set: 1 red dress with lots of lace and a bow with hearts on the top, 1 dress with a white top and layered ruffles in purple, pink, and blue, 3 blue dresses, 1 with multi-colored metallic droplets covering the dress, 1 with a bow around the waist and pink dotted lace, 1 with a neck ruffle and pink and white floral lace, 1 white dress with silver butterfly wings on the top, 2 purple dresses with different styles of lace trim on the top, and pink and white floral lace on the bottom, and lastly 2 pink dresses, 1 with lace and darker pink on the top, and pink and white floral lace on the bottom, and 1 with sequined ruffles. I like this set of dresses a lot, and I would definitely recommend it to others.
Grandsons like it. A bit smaller than I expected for the price.
An A+ quality resin skull that was super fun to dig out. It came with a brush and a wooden chisel and the nameplate matched the dinosaur I managed to dig out. My only gripe is that the resin skull had an issue of the display hole being clogged up by misformed resin so I can't actually display the skull as the pole won't fit. Other than that though, absolutely worth the price, and I'm definitely getting another!
Grandsons birthday. He loves it.
Got these for a birthday present for a child. House is now covered in stickers. Highly recommend.
I bought this for my son who is autistic and it has worked great for his sensory area
Was pleased with quality of the wands very strong and sturdy.
My daughter loves it
Bought it for a dance performance. Handles were full of glass bits as other people complained. wrapped some tape around it. Did a good job. I wish it came in longer length. Didn't look good in the performance as I expected. good for kids not grownup.
Doll is good. Zip line is useless
Nice addition. I may change my mind one way or the other when we finally play.
Ours didn't come with a dry erase marker. It came with an eraser for it but not a marker. Otherwise, it looks like my 5 yr old son enjoys it!
These work perfectly for painting and other crafts with my toddlers. I even use them as bibs when they are eating something messy like spaghetti. The kids love putting them on, and they're easy to wipe off. Not extremely durable, but the price is ok if they tear and you need to order more!
bark came off of a couple of the slices, but overall arrived in great condition. Would definitely order again!
Not the best quality or durability, but for the money it's ok. You do get what you pay for.
This is a nice set of scatter scenery to build out your collection of objects for table top roleplaying games. It has most of what you need to run a historical town encounter. The only issue I had was that the legs of the awnings were warped, causing them to list and look odd.
Could do without ultra pro logo but its small and good price. Sleeves fit well.
This item is what I expected. It makes a little mess with the little particles of flowers. But I am happy with this purchase
The colors are kinda dull, and the character doesn't POP as much as I would like, I think they could have done a better job with this one.
These are very fun to play with and my toddler enjoys them; however, they are a bit flimsy and seem like they would break easily. The plastic is a little thin.
Son loves it, took him about a month to figure out how to transform the character
They're cheap and probably won't last very long, but there are no defective or broken ones out of the box. Overall, good value for the price and quite fun to play with!
You get what you see. Basic wig material made into loose fake dreads. Does the job.
My 10 year old spends hours setting these up!
This was a birthday gift for my grandson. He was over joyed to receive it and is busily assemblying it.
Exactly what I ordered. I only gave them four stars because they are so cheap but it was exactly what I needed. I have had no trouble handing them out at work to the Millennials that need to feel appreciated. For simply showing up and doing their job no more no less they can get a sign of appreciation that they are needed. It really seems to boost their moral to know there is a reward for participating in their job.
Beautiful colors.. Worked great with my theme
Great toy for my nephew! Affordable price, very soft and bigger than I expected. He loved his shark 🦈
Great product. Great price
Pretty decent, few good pulls in there. Wasnt very many duplicates but there was alot of cards I wouldnt use. All in all though, good cards for the price.
Vibrant and memorizing! They are attached by a elastic cord, so they can be rolled, stretched, and yanked on. Perfect for the curious teether. I handed it to my son and he didn't put it down for a while. He loves it!
Good puzzle arrived in good undamaged new condition. What else can you say about a puzzle?
Too heavy. Falls over a lot
Bought as a gift for a 2 year old. She absolutely loves it. I gave it a 4 because it has a dark mark on the left side of the screen that can not be erased. I would have exchanged it but she plays with t everyday.
Excited to play this with the family. Beware, however, that they ship this AS IS in just clear cellophane with a label slapped on it.
While I have had only a few flights under my belt, this is a great tool/toy. The gymnastics you have to go through to pair the drone with the control panel (every time) is a little cumbersome, but with time it will become natural. The phone app is great so you can see the results of your flight in real time are fantastic. I am going to try it on my iPad so as to get a bigger screen. The drone is very tough, I have take a couple crash landings and it seems to be able to take it. I will look forward to mastering the flight and taking some great pic/videos.
The set came with 3 pieces per player except for green there were 4 I remembered the game having 4 each when growing up also there is this new fire and ice rings so you can play it the new way or old. I will say that tonight was an awesome game night no cell phones or any tech just lots of banter and laughs everyone enjoyed the family time so much that we are making it a weekly thing :D I would recommend this game anytime
I wish it came in a small carrying case that way everything would stay together. Chips could be a little bit bigger.
Gift for my Son!!! Absolutely enjoys it!
After some use the boys don't stay in the side so I put a rubber band around it
This is a fun game, but be ready to do some thinking the questions cover a lot of topics.
Daughter is a stuffed bear freak. Loved the outfit, but shorts were a little snug.
Love this but hard to fold back up in the case. Huge hit with the kids though!
They stick fine on my water bottle, but can get scratch marks easily. I also put some on my Mini-fridge, and don't stick at all
I have had this for several weeks, planted in a pot. They are both starting to grow, although the green is actually sprouting leaves while the red just has buds. It is a fine balance to keeping it moist, while not overwatering/letting it dry out.
Great little fpv drone. Got it for my son! Had to try it out a few nights before his birthday. My wife gave that.... don't get it stuck in my hair look and 30 seconds later it happened. I spend 1.5 hours detangling it from my beautiful wife's hair as she stared me down from inches away. It happened to me, it will happen to you. Secure all hair before flight and pray your wife is as forgiving as mine.
Overall I am very happy with the purchase! If I have any complaints, I received 2 right of 2 pairs of shoes. But they still work for my grandchildren to play with. I am very happy with the fast shipping considering they came all the way from China. They arrived just in time before my grandchildren come for a visit. I thought the little outfits were really cute. The shoes fit the vintage Ken dolls. Which was a relief!! I have no idea what the newer Ken dolls are like. The clothes fit better on the 1997 Ken then on the 1968. But overall they work. What else could I ask for? I thought the shoes were cute despite having 2 right of the grey and 2 right of the white. I think the grandchildren are still in that age of putting their shoes on the wrong feet yet anyway. So I really don't think they will notice, too much.
For those of us who work too much, this is an easy way to enjoy the pool without all the prep and fuss. We take turns laying out and relaxing while we catch some rays at the same time. A must for tanners who can't get to the beach or coast.
This magnifier is perfect it could be a little stronger In magnification the size is great
I got this for grab bags at my daughters bday party. I had to individually cut each thing to make it separate I thought it would be easy like a certain amount per sheet but it was all just tossed together
Fun for the kiddo, but I need to stick with the homemade kind for now as he likes to eat it. Whip cream and food coloring work much better at this stage in my son's life (18 months)
This was a great puzzle to do to work with my little ones on letters. The only thing I would change is to attach the letter G to an animal with the first phonetic sound we typically teach with it - a gorilla or a goat or something - instead of a giraffe.
I bought this for daughter to trim her cheer bucket with. A lot of the feathers did come detached but it worked fine with what we were doing since were hot glueing.
Nice size and seems to have all the connectors commonly used on a hydra-headed cable plus a set of bare wires. Haven't gotten a chance to really wring it out but looking forward to that. Instructions are not a complete as I expected, clearly the expect a buyer to know a bit before using it. So take that as a caution for a first time user.
It's cute. I just wished it got his signature grin instead, but that's just my preference.
Great for children. Very entertaining. Headphone jack is a great addition. Stand could be a bit sturdier.
I bought this for a an Angel Tree gift for my work. I am happy with what I received. This product was shipped very promptly. Compared to other DIY slime kits I've seen, this one had the most for the best value. I love how there are several types of slime you can make and not just one. I hope the young girl who gets this, really enjoys it!
I'm aware of the reviews where eyebrows became unraveled and some sewing issues at closure. So far we're okay although I can see where those issues may come into play. Yes my son has already got it stained up a bit but it appears like it will wash up well if put in a garment bag on gentle. I'm sure hand-washing would be best
Nice set of base decor, though a small amount. The description was clear about the quantity that I was getting, but for those who have problems translating grams, the 4 square packages are 3 in x 3 in in size (about 80mm square). The 2 smaller packages are 2 in x 3 in. This is actually plenty for me because I'm doing up a bunch of 25mm figure bases, so huge bags of stuff would go to waste; however, if you are doing a large landscape area (more than a square foot), you will run out of sand. The static grass is very fine, so it doesn't overwhelm my bases. The course sand mix i got was much finer than the picture (bottom center in product photo). I was hoping for something more like the picture with small stones. It's still looks pretty good.
Some of the writing is smeared off the front, but other than that it's a really cute product! Love melissa and doug!
Its was good for my 5 year old
Took about 4 hours to paint and build. I should have gotten 1/35 tamiya or academy model. It is bit small so person who has shaky hands like me, had to struggle with tiny parts. . Tamiya is always easy build and has great manual. I wish it had rubber tracks instead of plastic.
We had a different brand that was very staticky and hard to understand. This one is much better
the batteries were worn and with some rust. however the doll is very pretty
My 2 year old likes it and it's easy enough that he can undo and put the buckles back together on his own. it's really over priced in my opinion.
They are made well and my son likes it a lot. The only complaints I have are they are a little pricey and the string could be better. But overall not a bad product.
A little on the lightly built side but works well.
If you are interested in having some fun with a low cost drone this is a good choice. From my experience it is a little difficult to control. There seems to be a bit of a delay from the controller on the phone to the actual action taking place by the drone. I'm not sure if it connection related or what but it makes it difficult to control because its impossible to predict what its going to do. If you are extremely slow with your movements it works but it doesn't respond well to quick changes. It is a lot of fun though. Just expect to hit a lot of things as you cruise around.
The are a little narrow for my face but should work out fine!!
Cute and stylish. My hubby definitely liked them!
Looking forward to seeing if this works as well as advertised. I love puzzles and this will be great to have.
My 8 year old son loves this. It's not as challenging as we thought it would be. He can solve it in about a minute and a half. But, in sum ways it's good because then he feels like he's accomplishing something. So far the construction has held up, no problems.
Soft big a bit high in price
Very cute house! It's hard to open but it is built really well. Downside it only comes with one figure but it's okay since we also bought my daughter the hospital set so it's perfect! Hours of fun! Worth the buy!
The long side support didn't line up with the side holes.
I honestly LOVED this product at first, but it hasn't lasted. We've only had it for a couple weeks and the seam is already pulled apart. We treat our things very well, so it's definitely a product flaw and not misuse. It's definitely a bummer. Probably won't return because of the hassle, but can't really recommend... unfortunately. Maybe one of the similar products from another manufacturer would be better, because the concept is amazing and definitely makes clean-up a breeze. UPDATE: I was contacted after writing my review and the seller sent me an immediate replacement. I can't say for sure that the new one will hold up, but their customer service alone deserves 4 stars.
Works great, the motor and transmission are extremely loud when driving. Otherwise it's a cool toy
Great magnifying glass small and compact. Great for working on small items. The leds really help in low light areas.
Price for the amount of pieces and the details of the set is worth the money.
My son loves this slide. It was very easy to put together, and easy to keep clean.
The only concern we had was the size of the circle block as it fit to easily into my grand daughters mouth so we removed it .
The light thing works really well and kept my little one entertained during bath time, but the prior creatures that came with it, so far I have put 4 in the bath and only two hour a tad bit bigger but not by much not what I was expecting with the "growing animals" other than the ones not growing or doing anything, this toy is great for a kid in the bath!
My daughter was happy with the diversity of the LEGO people
I purchased this as a gift for my grandson and he loved it. It is very powerful as I got hot by a few. The only thing we don't like is the ammunition is hard to keep up with. The little balls go every Where.
Very easy to put together. My only issue is that the wood had stains on it. I think I'll paint over it.
Costume quality lightweight chain. Not much else I can say about it.
I love these. My daughter loves these. My only gripe is that they don't come with some kind of canvas bag to store them in. We made our own in an attempt to avoid losing pieces (so far, that's worked.)
Bought this for my nephew and he's been having the time of his life tearing up my brothers house.
It's a cute book. My baby likes the mirror on the last page and how the pages crinkles.
Cool squirt gun.kids loved it
My daughter and son are love them. Good quality but need to improve designs.
This was a gift for my boss' office (he's a geography nerd). He was pleased with it, but it took us forever to get the globe positioned correctly to float. Any time we try to get it to spin, even slowly, it winds up stuck to the magnet at the top.
The body was a little weak and the controller broke on my third flight (red button stayed down) but it flew nice
Even thou the package arrived a bit damaged nothing was missing so that fine.
Smaller than I expected but still cute :)
Very cute doll & seems well made.
it's a fun fast and easy game to play. Cards are high quality and very detailed. Sadly in my box the 0 assassin and the 7 countess were damaged in production.
This item is nice but smaller than it looks online.
Not great but good for mini quad fpv , these as all small lipid have a shelf life of about a month. As with all lipid charge with care I have had 2 of these style batteries explode while charging, ALWAYS MONITOR WHILE CHARGING do not leave Unattended and use charger made for this battery
My kids have had so much fun with these! Only problem is that they break easy and the connections are a little hard for my little ones to get together. But for the price I'm willing to replace them when they break. My kids have been able to make different shapes and swirls and enjoy using their imaginations
My 6 year old loves this to but we have to keep an eye on how he's using it.
Not all the clothes fit the Wellie Wisher but this was a great little set for the price--my 7 year old likes it. Not the best quality but made a great little gift to go along with her doll for a bday present
Shipping was fast and item came mint condition, great for my collection
They are mostly universal for redcat cars
Great item love the case and having both lenses together came in really handy. Well built very sturdy excellent deal for the price would definately recommend to anyone looking for a good quality loop
They were a cute little size.. I expected bigger.. it was hard to find the size. But they will work for now..
I do a lot of puzzles. Buffalo Games are the most affordable. This one was fun but not to challenging. Finished it real fast.
This is a really cute toy and such a great idea! My son loved setting up the road the way he liked it and then arranging all of the road signs. The tape stayed on the floor and is very durable. I know we walked across it for over a week and it still held tight! My son loves getting his cars out to play on his track. The only reasons for the four stars is that I wish the roll of tape was larger- my son went through it in the first use! The signs are also pretty weak, unfortunately a couple broke pretty quickly before my son realized he needed to be a lot more gentle with the set. Very fun toy though!
Therapy stress ball for my grandson
The kids loved playing this at my daughter's 4th birthday party!
The mouse is light weight and compact. It takes only one battery and the size fits my palm (I am 5'9, btw) quiet well.
Good quality. Get stainless screws
We bought the RC boat for my 4 year old to play with in a small ring pool. We did try it on the pond near our house and started to lose range after only about 25 ft. It has held up so far though. The remote control doubles as the charging doc and the batteries recharge the boat. We haven't needed to replace the batteries yet, but my kid only plays with it for about 5 minutes at a time. It has capsized and been submerged a dew times with no apparent damage. It has met my expectations, and if you want to gift this to a child to use in a more confined setting, I would recommend.
Good product my daughter loved it
I buy it for my little girl of 1 year! The doll is beautiful but the crown is so weak. She pull it and it fall away. But the doll is beatiful
Better painting could have been done.
My 1-2 yr old loves this dress. It feels nice. It doesn't really stretch that well... and since she's small, she can fit no problem. I do worry about when she grows a bit more. She should still fit, but, again, material doesn't stretch well. Also, washing. I put it in a net bag, inside out to wash. But you cannot put it in the dryer, must be air dried.
Bought this as a gift for my 1 year old nephew. The toys are good quality for young children and come in this handy mesh bag that will be great when carrying to the beach. Can't wait for him to use them.
some shoes did not fit
Good quality product
This mask looks good and its made really well, but its a little hard to breath in so I think you should just make the holes a bit bigger.
Great for kids trying to grasp wording
Nice quality little cars. Split this between several little boys so they can all race each other. Worked a great!
I received this product today. It was easy to assemble and runs great out of the box. The rear fender had a slight crack in it but over all a great Christmas gift.
Looks nice the only thing is the The paint job on extra hand is not the best otherwise I would have given it five stars
It's VERY SMALL... And my 3 year old keeps taking the track apart so I have to continuously keep putting it together. But it's still fun. You must but the extra box cars to get the full effect of a train set
So far so good, only complaint is that the foam density seems to be a little inconsistent. They're either about the same as nerf rival rounds or a lot harder. Not sure what effect this will have on performance.
My daughter wanted a toy axe for Christmas. Who knows why. Lol It's soft enough not to damage anything. I'd have given it 5 stars if the spray paint smell had been aired out before packaging.
Small but beautiful. My niece loved it.
My kids had a great laugh showing this to the grandparents and adults for fun.
This is such a cute doll. I ordered 2. One of them had a mark on her nose that I could not remove. This is the only reason I gave it a 4. My daughter was the first one to notice it, but was able to convince her it was the perfect way to differentiate her doll from her sister's.
Love this! The only con I would say is I have had this for 2 weeks, and as of last night it quit shutting off after the 15 minute timer. It goes all night.
Had a few unusable ones but it was mostly good. Kids loved it!
A lot smaller than I expected for what I paid but my daughter loved it!
This helmet is exactly as described in the listing. It can fit a small adult head. I am very pleased with the purchase.
exactly what I wanted for my granddaughter
It is not as easy to fold as I would have liked but kids love it
Bought it as a gift for a 3 yr old boy who's a pirate fan. He loved it.
All is good but doesn't work on rough tiles
It was just as described
My Son loves it and is already comming up with adventures with him and his other sets
Fast shipping & just as described item however the box had damage to it. :(
Like the smaller size for my young daughter and the selection of colors
Bought these years ago and they are still being used to play with. Very sturdy and well made. The wheels are made of plastic.
This is a fun little car. It's not a huge car and it's giant rubber wheels make it great for running in the house. But it also runs fairly well in short grass, and paved or gravel driveways. It cannot handle tall grass. The most frustrating part of this car is learning to control it. It has tank steering so one control runs the right wheels and the other runs the left wheels. It definitely takes some practice but even running wild and crazy in circles and flips it's still fun. It was slightly easier to control when it was slowed down in the grass. One thing to be ware of is that it requires 8 hours for its first two charges. So if this is a gift for a little kid, be kind and charge it up first. Overall, it's a fun little stunt car.
First things first the finished product is badass it looks like it came right out of the movie that being said the little fin things on the side of his head are fragile otherwise he's a blast to build and he's incredibly poseable well worth it and an awesome piece to any prequel collection
Personally, I find the original Osmo+ and Osmo Mobile more versatile than the Osmo Mobile 2, primarily because of accessories like this. This attaches to another Osmo accessory and provides a convenient mount for a shoe equipped microphone or other device. It's one of those things that just works and is well worth the small price. Jerry
I bought this because I wanted them for classroom activity and it works perfectly for what I wanted but the pieces are really small and if I was to use them with young children, I'd be concern of the risk of swallowing. Other than the size, they're great!
Not the best quality, but for the price and 4 smocks it's definitely a fantastic buy. We use them for art and for eating because my girls are super sloppy eaters and these definitely save their clothes! Easy to wipe clean and they dry super fast when we hand wash them if they get extra messy.
The only thing I didn't like is the beans on the bottom of him to sit him up. This is for an infant and I just don't like those in this toy.
Purchased 7 pair and they were a hit with the kids. All of them worked just fine.
Perfect size for carrying two dolls and some of their accessories. The bottom of the tote has a zippered compartment perfect for outfits and small pieces. The tote is well made. It was purchased for use with the 14" Wellie Wisher dolls from American Girls.
Smaller than I thought but still really nice
Since I was a beginner flying drones, I've had several questions. Holy stone has been great answering my question in a timely manner. Flying the drone with my grandson has been a great experience. If you are interested in a drone, I would recommend Holy Stone. They have been a pleasure to work with.
My son loves this. Just wish there was a low volume option on it
Just got my coins in today and they are awesome! Super shiny, good weight, and great quality! They came in a very nice case, I would highly recommend!
My kids love this and it's easy for them to use.
I love this tama! This is my second On and I plan on getting the white when it is released. Worth the money.
Very pleased with the decorations and there quality
Looks great for my Gryffindor costume. Arrived quickly and well packaged.
These are the perfect size and so quiet in the classroom!!!
This was a gift, but looks great in person! I love floor puzzles & this Paw Patrol puzzle was very colorful.
This wasn't the doll I meant to buy and was pleasantly surprised! Great mistake on my part! This doll eats play-doh and its so much fun! She comes with only one diaper, but it's not like it gets messy since just play-doh is falling into it. Our girls love to play with this doll and our play-doh kitchen set and cook meals for the baby. The inside of the doll is easily accessible if there is ever any play-doh stuck. The only issue we have had is forgetting to clean out her mouth at the end of play and the next time having to dig out hardened play-doh, but it's a quick fix.
A great set of Lego's when you're looking for a small gift but not too small! MINECRAFT seems to put together sets that all kiddos seem to love. It's amazing watching their little minds going as they put these together, very satisfied!
Great to be able to purchase additional magnet pens for my kids things!!
My 1 and a half year old loves the toy and it keeps her entertained very easily. She gets frustrated and needs help occasionally so I do need to be close by. I used it the most on a plane ride and it was wonderful entertainment for her :)
Arrived as described perfect for goodie bags or prizes for kids. Love the variety of toys and colors so it's gender neutral and there's plenty to pick from. For the prize it's worth it.
Fast shipping. Figures were great.
The child likes it very much. It is played every day after receiving the goods. Although it is plastic, there is almost no smell. The egg shape is really unique. It is very helpful for the children to recognize the color and the number,very satisfied.
My son is 3 years old & autistic. It is hard to find age appropriate toys for him that lite up & have sound. This is for Christmas so I have not given it to him yet but I do think he will enjoy it.
Our 2.5 year old grandchild really likes to play this game!
Loved this cover. So soft
My son loves nightmare before Christmas and these were perfect for him
I mistakenly ordered the case before my robot was operational. The case is of good quality but I am returning it since I am returning the robot.
Daughter loved the decorations, birthday balloons added just the right touch!
My daughter had one but the arm broke. She was so happy when we found this one.
amazingly cute. I now want other families from this manufacturer
Perfect for the look I was going for at my son's Eagle Scout Court of Honor!!! I received so many compliments. Thank you!!!
This is te 2nd UFO drone I've purchased. This model is better than the one I purchased previously from another seller. It holds up better and flies longer. I'd purchase again
My son wanted a drone and I was not sure I made some research and found this one and he's loving it!! It is so easy to learn how to use it, it's been a while and seems in great condition, definitely is worth every penny (great price by the way)
Product as described. Good value.
It looks amazing. The children are surprised. I recommended it.
Has provided hours of fun for my grandson!
These were great. Made to come apart and wash up. The move across the hard wood floor fast. Easy for our toddler to play with
Excited I got this Superman is boss!
My daughter love it thank you .
Colors are vibrant and perfect for our Kate Spade themed party!
These are great. Got them for Valentine goodie bags and have so many left over i could keep using for other events like birthdays and easter.
Great Slime Kit, my daughter loved this!
This made it super easy for my toddler to get up and down!
Shipping was fast and they are perfect. So Cute!
great product. Its perfect for someone wanting to get a mid level drone. easy controls and great camera. will be buying another one.
Because captain america is the bleep! Gotta collect them all.
This Swing is so easy to set up and move that even Nana can do it. Gemma Loves to swing indoors or outside Stops the grumpy baby and brings back my angel.
It is a nice toy but the stop sign remains opened. I plan to return it
I purchased these for my classroom and the kids adore them! I have them at a math station and in my calming space. They are a huge hit!
This drone is so easy to use and learn quadcopter flying and operation. I got this drone from my wife and daughters for Christmas and am already able to fly it with ease. I can fly it through my house (from bedroom, through halls, up stairs, from living room to kitchen) with ease already. This is a great entry level drone! I asked for a different drone, but am glad I got this one instead.
The granddaughter loved it and plays with it a bunch.
We ordered these for our sons' birthday party favors. All of the kids LOVED them!!! No complaints. They are so unique and kids can't get enough.
This was the gift of the day for my 7 year old. He lost all interest in his other gifts once he received this! It's still his favorite 5 months later and he has at least 20-30 different kinds of nerf guns.
When you need just a little bit to bring the car to a near-max weight limit. Best if used in conjunction with solid metal weights.
Just like the pic kids will have fun great for party bags
Fast delivery. The item and package was not damaged.
Such a fun game! My kids have been glued to it for weeks so far!
Nice folding chess board for the price. Upon receiving the board, a rook was missing. I mentioned it to customer service and they immediately sent me a new piece. Great service.
Bought for grandchildren for elementary school .. they enjoy coloring with them
The Kids really enjoy them.
Large in size with plenty of space for various candies/snacks/toys/etc. The favor bags have vibrant colors as pictured in the listing. The item is exactly as described and everyone has said how adorable they are! Reasonable price and fast shipping. Highly recommended!
When I opened this at work I was so happy with what my four year grandson would be receiving. It is made of the the appearance of the puppet. It gives you the ability to Use the hand dowel or without as its attached to Velcro
I love the product. I was able to put it together in two days.
Daughter loved this for Halloween costume. Love the headband
Daughter loves it. I love it
Really good construction, not the usually cheap plastic feel. I love the multiple colors on each truck. The return mechanism is really nice and fun. It's a must buy for every child!
Figured they needed assembled. But pretty easy! And good size for party favors.... and really really cute!!!! Kids loved walking out with them after party!!! We were super pleased!
This game is so fun! And portable! Fits in a small purse!
I ordered these for a committee I'm on at work and they are the perfect size.
I bought this for my 2 year old and she absolutely loves it! The stainless steel makes it a realistic-looking tea set and is great for imaginative play. She sits at her table and chairs and has a tea party. The cost is very reasonable compared to the quality! Very happy with this purchase!
I like the fact that the music is battery powered! No winding like the old days! Also, you can put music on an SD card and play it in addition to what comes preloaded. Looking forward to using it!
Good quality. Took a minute to figure out how to attach to the cups.. No direction
He's the new addition to Son's room. We so far have only have Thor & now Hulk. But definitely in Love with it. 💚 Captain America your next!
We love this kit, which includes everything we need for birthday decorations. It saves time for us instead of looking for birthday related decorations here and there in different stores. It is a decent product and has a great quality! Thank you.
This bubble machine is a lot smaller than I imagined in my head, which worked out perfectly because it's easier to take with you. The batteries are easy to install. To pour the bubbles in it, you need to be careful because it is an awkward angle. For me, that isn't an issue after I became aware of it after spilling a little bit of the liquid. Using the machine is great; my toddler and dog love the bubbles and have been endlessly playing with them.
It was easy to put together, had no issues with anything and my son loved it.
The kids come off and my kids love putting things inside. Well made looks like real food. Purchased a couple of them.
I bought this as a gift for my niece's birthday and she absolutely loves it. She loves the sounds and the lights.
Purchased this my 11 year old son and he loves it. Great entertainment for hours!
Nice, heavy duty walker. It is too wide for some doors.
The size perfect fit for my back yard. Good quality, easy set up in minutes. Very good Christmas present for the kids. They love it so much.
Works fine in my RC car good value
This is the second set of tiles (100) that I have purchased for my grandson (age 4) and granddaughter (age 3). Both children get hours and hours of creative play from these amazing, magnetic tiles. He builds garages and race tracks for all his cards and trucks,, she builds castles and buildings for all hr Peppa Pig figurines! It amazes me to see what they create with these tiles giving them hours and hours of playtime! They NEVER get tire of these magnetic tiles. Even more older grandchildren, ages 8, 10 and 12, enjoy creative play with their cousins! High recommend for all boys and girls, and all age groups.
I liked it. Quality is good!
Nice piece at a great price
Not much to say other than my kids love this putty.
Gave this as a gift and it was a hit with the 3 yr olds!
Bought for Halloween 2018 & boys still use it all the time to this day!!
Really cute!!!! Can't wait to use for my sons party!!!!
It's adorable. I don't keep them boxed because I put mine in baseball bat cases, but he is so cute.
perfect for both players and especially DMs
The bride to be loved it! The product was as described and quality was good. Would purchase again.
This handheld game console has some oldies but goodies! It has games like Final Fight, Captain Commando and Mega Man. There's an expansion slot to load your own games using an micro SD card. I'm not sure why it needs one, but it also have a camera to take pictures and a record feature.
Great product all around. No complaints or disappoints.
Great party favor! Great packaging! Worth the money! Kids loved it!
I'm very disappointed on how this arrived. Whether it was Amazon's fault or ups I'm not happy.
M sister has one for her daughter so we bought it for our son. Best thing out there!
Got it a while back as a birthday present for my kid. He absolutely loves it. Also he has dropped a million times without a harm being done to it. Prefect gift.
This works fantastic on vinyl .
Great product! A little tricky to get it set up, but wasn't a huge issue. Warmed up some water in a mug and placed it on top and worked great. Make sure you wipe it dry when finished. :)
A little instructions would help. Initially I added the plastic tip in the back. No go. Finally tried on front and they flew better. Go a good 20 feet before going to ground. But perfect distance for little ones These were bought for our Twp kid fest this weekend. I am sure the little ones will love getting these. For the price it's perfect
My daughter loves this doll.
Transaction was so smooth. Merchandise as described. Highly recommended.
I remember building one of these as a kid, but this kit makes it so much easier. My kids have played with it over and over and love it! It has provided hours of entertainment.
My daughter loves her elf on the shelf my husband & I also fell in love with it. We got enjoyment out of watching her walk around the house trying to see where she was!!
Got exactly what was pictured and was mailed in secure packaging.
Very cute plush and it's fire back is very very soft.
I ordered this for my little cousin for Christmas. It's great!
So cute and adorable! Would for sure buy again!
These props are great all around. Looks, performance, and ruggedness. These things can take multiple crashes and be totally fine. They rarely snap or get damaged even from hard crashes. They do get bent but it doesnt weaken the prop to bend it back to shape. Over al, thrust and lift is amazing. My 3 inch sparrow build almost feels like my 5" chameleon build. If you get these you will not be disappointed.
Another great game by Hasbro! We love star wars and bop it, so we had to get this! We also got the Darth Vader Simon game and bring them on road trips and these keep my boys entertained for a while...
This seller was very attentive throughout the process and I received my party supplies pretty fast! I would order from them again!!!
It was great for my toddler who is always trying to keep up with my older son and his big water guns lol
Beautiful toy! This toy is both fun for the kids and attractive in our living space. Quality is exceptional!
Item in perfect condition as described!
Christmas gift for grandchildren. Looks quite interesting.
Bought for 1.5 year old and he loves it. ... my 4 year old steals it all the time too :)
Havent use this yet but I have heard great things.
This was so cute and good quality. My son ripped off the hat in the picture, but he loves it.
I bought this product for my granddaughter and she just loved it! Very happy about my purchase! Thank you
Amazing product!!! This machine made decorating my backdrop and party so much faster!
Very cool puzzle toy! My 12 and 10 yr old boys love it. Push the balls in and hey trade places with the others. Its well made.
Easy to put together. Needed directions to fold the cube! May need to wrap the loops twice so it doesnt come apart while the kids play. Not the sturdiest material but what i expected. Kid loves it. We put the tent in his bedroom. He loves to play and even sleeps in it sometimes. Good value for the price.
Gifted. Gift recipient put all other aside to work on this. Loved it. Completed by herself. 8 yrs. Great. Creative Kit.
I had 12 kids playing with these and they held up great! They had fun!
I bought the vampire teeth for my granddaughter. She loves them. BTW I love the packaging that the teeth came it. Itty bitty boxes that looked like they were jewel boxes.
Excellent service and product
This toy is very nice, my son really loved!
Very nice product. Easy to set up
I bought this for my son for Christmas around black Friday. It said it might not be here for Christmas so I wasn't holding my breath. The seller sent them out immediately and I had them in my hands much sooner than I expected. They are great quality and my son loves them!
My daughter lives it!
Installed as expected. Time will tell about durability
This expansion pack made a great game even better!
I like the quality of these. My daycare kids, as all kids, have a fascination with doing buckles so these are perfect. We almost have one of each color. They love that they have names and ask for them by such.
Seems to be a pretty good digital camera kit for the price. We had an older Rebel before and used it successfully for years.
What a great makeup kit for little girls. She LOVES it!!!
GREAT QUALITY! Big, bright and beautiful! Second purchase of this item. VERY HAPPY! The Grandkids just LOVE them! Thank you.
Looks good to me. Should serve well for the 6 decks we need to play our game. Thanks!
Product arrived quick and fits perfect! No loose wobbling as i read was a possible problem in some reviews. Easy to take on and off couldn't be happier with this purchase.
It was exactly what I was looking for . . . . . . and my Daughter LOVES it.
My 3 year old son loves PJ Mask and costumes so this was a no brainer. He can put it on himself (I velcro the back closed for him) and absolutely loves to wear it. He has the Catboy costume as well. The quality of each is ok. The velcro in the back sticks to the material easily and causes pilling. With that being said, I would still purchase these all over again considering how much he loves them. A little pilling on the back is nothing when I hear him happily playing.
Bought this for my nieces 1st birthday. She absolutely loves it. So cute and comfy enough for her to sit when she watches her favorite kiddie shows. Will buy again for my daughter who is just a couple of months older.
Love this thing my daughter swings on daily!
I was really pleased with this product. It took a little while to blow up but we used an air compressor. The part that goes over the slide tends to fall over if it is windy but it is no big deal. The product is reflective of the pictures. I would recommend this for young children.
Cool microphone for my kids to sing on, the microphone flashes different color lights so they enjoy that while singing. Good sound and the echo effect is fun addition for them.
I'm totally in LOVE with these
I really enjoy putting this together thank you.
Fantastic easy to order and delivered on time 😊
Simple design but still really challenging. Looks great mounted!
My sister loved this doll
7 year old loves it. Right at her level of working with it.
These went beyond my expectations for the price I paid for. Everyone loved them at my baby shower. Looks fancy/ with a lil expensive touch for my royal prince theme baby shower.
I'm really happy with these skates. They are sturdy and perfect one for a beginner. My 3yr old son is having so much fun. Fisher Price products have always been the best including this one!!
This is perfect, my child is going to be bouncing off the walls Christmas morning when she receives this!
We got this for a little boy turning 6 and it was a hit. We own tracks similar to this, just the plain ones without the dinosaurs etc. It's a fun toy for all ages, and a safe buy for any kiddos birthday/Christmas/anything!
This thing is awesome! It really gets up and goes, climbs small rocks and hills. Drives on carpet, grass, turf, pavement, through trails on dirt and over small branches. Even snow and ice... pretty impressive for the price! Great buy!!!
Nice decorations for a 60th birthday celebration!
Adorable and well made!!!
I bought this for my brother in memory care and he lives it! It looks so much like a real cat sitting on his lap. It's so velvety to touch. It seems to bring him comfort and he talks to it like it was real!
Best gift I have bought my 4 year old niece ever. She loves it. It's fun but be prepared to buy additional packs.
My twin two year olds love detailed toys where they have to put things together and this was perfect! It entertains them and they can work on their coordination with smaller objects. Very easy to use. They try to stack them all in a straight line and have a blast seeing how high they can get
We really like playing (my toddler and I) with this playdough! The amount is perfect for her. We will definitely be buying more.
These really are reusable! Our grandson loves them. Caution, when he goes to bed, we restick the stickers to their original location which can be a bit time consuming. ; )
Just what my son needed! He loved racing and flipping cars! Great value for the price!
I just received this today! I cannot wait to take it to the beach!
Great game! Very fun to play!
My boyfriend loved this! Very happy with the purchase
Cute and good quality
Car is amazing, assembly is complete. It is fast and flexible when driving. If you are looking for a fast and I mean fast racing style truck, this is it...... Come on! You would not want to missing it.
My son is really enjoying his Play tent. I was nervous to put together by myself but it was pretty easy to assemble. He really enjoyed the little mini projector that came with it and loved shining it on the tent to see the pictures. It was also very easy to take apart the tent and store in bag which made me happy. I loved that everything fit back easily in the back. Can't wait to see this up In the backyard during summer nights.
Great toy to teach kids about the important of critical thinking and science. I believe sometimes, toys are better than screen because you don't have to stare at the screen all day.
Good Value, pretty colors, kids and adults alike will love them.
The coloring and the details are incredible! The hair and the wand especially are just beautifully made! + it arrived in a perfect condition
Great value, would purchase again.
It is a cute drone good for beginners, easy to control. I got this one as it has altitude hold, which is awesome for this size. I would recommend this drone for anyone looking to buy in this price range.
If you're a puzzle fanatic try this one! It's really fun, and despite being very hard (snow!), there's enough colored parts to make it solvable. I recommend it, and the Glacier Bay puzzle by the same artist.
Product was exactly what it was described to be by seller.
My three old grand daughter loves it and won't put it down
I purchased these for my sons birthday and they were a big hit. The kids loved all the tricks but the one that got the least interest was the calculator trick which was stickers with numbers. It may have been a good trick but the kids passed it by and they were the last ones to go.
It was growing soo great in a pot, from those tiny little seeds, until the squirrels got it!! I had hoped to make walking sticks! This year it has continued to grow on and on by itself...over the winter...with very little care. Amazing!!
My son loves this toy. It had a lot of control with the sensors and flies around the house nicely. Easy for a 5 year old to use. Will buy again.
Very cute Easter item and it was a hit with the kids
Easy to program, educational and cuddly. Recommended.
This is a gift. It is very cute and all Orioles fans would like it.
Niece loved this for her 4th birthday! Well made. The only thing i dont like about it is the big head on a regular doll body. So if you take the cape off it looks weird. But she loved it.
Me and my husband just have so much fun with this game!
My son likes to watch videos on YouTube of people playing with these color change cars so I got him a couple for Christmas (Mater and Ramon). He absolutely loves them and they've become his go-to bath toys. The water needs to be quite warm and quite cold (ice water) for the cars to change. We usually bring a bowl of ice water to the bathtub. Since they're meant to be played with in water, there's been no rusting or corroding and they're holding up well. I plan to buy him a couple more of the characters for his birthday.
Works perfectly. I used the PPM out on this with no trouble.
These are a great deal and made a nice xmas gift to my tabletop group
Got this for my 2 year old daughter who loves Scooby Doo! She loves it! Great toy. The characters fit in the van but not great, you can tell they are two different sets.
These bags were very durable. They were able to hold a lot of candy and the goodies that we had also put in them.
For my grandaughter, she love these tins !
My lil one loves this rattle . Its light and easy to grasp with their lil hands while they are working on fine motor skills. Bright color and soft jingle of the rattle is great to attract their attention.my baby enjoys it so i highly recommend this to all parents.
It's very easy to control. I operated other drones before, so very easy to start up. It's worth the money.
Great piggy bank toy! Multiple settings, easy to operate for a toddler!
delivered quickly and in great condition. will buy again if needed. loved it.
Fits perfect with car designed room for child. No problems with item
Look great. Fingers are narrow.
These dice are great, first 3 rolls were an 18, then 2 20's in a row. I will be buying more.
It was a great pop! Always double check the top of the cannons because the foil may have teared a little bit. And this can allow for the person to see the color of the gender. Also, the only CON about this, is the option to chose blue or pink. Its stupid that both colours came. But overall the pop was amazing, the powder shot up so high and looked beautiful, and lastly the twist was very easy to turn compared to other products.
Really loved this. The kids liked being able to take pictures with the different characters.
so adorable and cuddly, just looking at him makes you smile.
But it has happened... and she absolutely loved it. She's seen family have it, as well as a few videos online, and begged me for a year. I do supervise, as this definitely has small pieces (enclosed pics) but I'd definitely buy again. She's played every night with it
Love these water balloons! They work so well and make it so easy!
WOW...A must for any Chess player. Quality in every way. Buy it for yourself, buy it for a chess player in your family. A chess tournament in a portable case. Look, at the others, read the reviews, then buy the real deal...!!!
Got really good pulls from this box, more organized packaging in this box than past elite trainer boxes.
Granddaughter loved!! Very cute!
Great visual in my classroom. Students love these! They break easily though and when they do, it smells.
These are the absolute best toy for kids of all ages. We have a very large family and these are kept in the front closet. The grandkids come in and go directly to the front closet to pull these out. We ended up adding to the collection as the family grew. The parents have just as much fun sitting on the floor with the kids making all kinds of inventions.
My grandson loved it!
My son loves this launcher. It is easy for him to use. His 4 year old sister and 3 year old cousin were able to use it also.
These erasers are awesome. They have so much detail and look so realistic. I bought them to give out to my 3rd grade students. The students loved them and keep asking me where I got them. I would highly recommend this product.
My daughter loves these.
Love these. While these are hard to get used to at first they have now replaced my others ones. We play every nights so the regular ones wear out pretty quickly. Cannot wait to use them at the pool this summer!
We had this doll since las summer. Love it! Great quality and the cutest Masha doll out there. I know some of the reviewers said it doesn't sing or say much. That's what I thought at first too, but the we discovered the little side switch which you can choose from the 2 settings. So one is with less words & the other ones is with the motion activated laugh and all the phrases and songs. You can also shut it off. Would def recommend it
My boy loved the cake props! He now uses them as toys. Couldn't be happier with this purchase!
Love this game! It's marketed as a game for young children but we as a group of adults had a blast playing during a rainy camping trip. All the adults were laughing like little kids competing for the cards :)
We got this for our 6 yr old son. For the price, I am super impressed with what we were able to see with it. We even played around and took a picture of the moon using the telescope and my Samsung galaxy 8+.
Just like the 'old school' one!
Cute. Kids love it, and it fits some dolls. Strap too short for some dolls.
Came on time and exactly as described and everything worked great!!
For me, I had a nice time setting up the balloons. I did not need much help, and they came out nice for my birthday party.
5 stars. The thing is that there are two canvases.The big one is the right one. Also brush comes with
They are very beautiful and cute Halloween candy baskets! There are six different design pictures of Halloween baskets. It is a good decorative bag for sugar. Perfect Halloween Haunted.
The quality is great and color is very close to what they have on the display on the page. The size was good and met my expectation.
Used as gift for grandson.... Nice...
Great product and such cute little slime for my students! This little container has just the right amount of slime. Glad I purchased!
Great game. Had a blast playing this with family and friends. Not for kids!
My kids have about a dozen spinners, a couple classic style like you get at any store, some with lights, a couple different shaped ones, but none that were metal. This has a bit of weight to it and feels great in your hand. We haven't tested it but it seems like this one spins a bit longer than the plastic ones. I'm guessing there's more momentum because they are heavier, either way it works great and my kids love it.
My kid loves this R/C car. Easy to maneuver and well made.
Got one of these for my nerdy boyfriend. He is obsessed with it! It has a nice shine and weight to it. May get some more in other variations in the future.
This Is my first MG kit and it's pretty cool. It looks great with the clear green gn swords. The only problem is when you attach the backpack. You need to pay attention, it's little bit complicated. But, overall this is a cool kit that you must have. The kit also came with a stand and the decals.
These are fun to use. Wish the green one was sold solo- it's the perfect size for half a tomato, onion, avocado.
Exactly what I needed for the price I payed.
My granddaughter loves her squishy! My son says it is really cute. He lives in Denver so I shipped it and it did get there just fine and in a timely matter. Thanks for the great job!!
My kids love this. It has fun learning things to do for all ages and skill levels. Very satisfied with the purchase.
It came in perfect condition, I'm gonna give it as a gift to a friend who loves the walking dead, Thanks!!
Great quality! My son absolutely loved them and the big T-Rex had a great seal on it because it lasted for a week and a half!
Grandbaby loves them. Pefect for his size!
Super cute, good quality. My nephew loved it!
Very cute. Very soft.
My son loved these. Went great with is many garbage trucks
2yr old Grandson LOVES these trucks! Perfect size for little hands with vibrant colors. Great stocking stuffer toys, Thank You!
granddaughter loves the outfits.
This is such a good idea for sensory play! Both my babies love it, 5 months and 18 months!
My son pretty much only takes this off to wash it! I'd recommend washing it on a delicate cycle as I've had to sew it a bit. But then again, he does wear it A LOT. Very soft and cozy.
Logistics is fast and easy to use!!
These were so much fun on Christmas Eve! The beer one fit better than the wine one but still a blast. They will be used again at get togethers or beer shares etc.
I bought this puzzle for my daughter who loves theatre. I didnt get the puzzle in the description but got the one I pictured and am extremely happy about it. My daughter said she wished it had Dear Evan Hanson and Hamilton in it and when it showed up it did lol. The border was a pain so we put the playbills inside the the puzzle together and then focused on the border. I suggest to work from the inside out on this one and save yourself from going cross-eyed.
This little car performs exactly as described. My son loves it.
My two year old loves this! Great quality.
So much fun! We love the ball game with the velcro paddles, this is just as fun and the call goes really far!
It took me 2 minutes (literally 2 minutes) to open the box and hang the swing and my baby was enjoying it in a minute after
I needed lots of 45-degree sloped pieces to complete a peaked roof on my house. The price was right and the pieces I used worked well with other Lego-type bricks I had.
Just think it's a bit pricey but it's very pretty.
Cute gift for my son I was so excited but he only played with for like 5 mins 😔 Great product thought
Received the product today, tried to fly it at home, It's light and compact, so much easier to carry around! Will definitely use it for holiday gathering!
Is it just me or can you never have too many spider-themed minifigures? This one's a great addition to my collection. The printing looks fantastic, and you can't beat that awesome (transparent plastic) cape & collar with a stick. Add the brilliant expression & top it off with that awesome beehive & you've got a top notch minifig. The only improvement I can think of would be if she had actual legs & a tuck-in skirt like some of the newer figures - but it's not really enough to complain about given all the other great features.
The figures from play mobile are so wonderful ! Perfect for little hands and make believe
It was a present for a retried soldier. He loves it very much.
Very cute cows and tables
Great toy lots of fun perfect addition
Quality product and detailed plush
This was an excellent addition to my Musical Jam Celebration!
Good quality balloons, lasted about 1 week in the wall, my daughter loved it she didn't wanted to take it off, will definitely buy more if in future!
This is a super large swing! Both my daughter and I swung on their for about an hour the first time. It's very sturdy and easy to put up. Very nice, bright and colorful
I ordered these for a charity pet show put on by the local animal rescue that I'm part of. All of the kids who participate received a winner medal and got to walk in the town fall festival parade with their pets wearing the medals. They were a huge hit with the kids! Light weight, sturdy.
My 3 year old loves this piano! It is so fun and the microphone is a great bonus! Lots of musical options to use when playing with this adorable piano!
Nice little doll that fits perfectly in a shoebox for Christmas giving. The condition of the doll was excellent as described and it was shipped timely as promised.
Nice quality for the price. Really fun to play with. Moves fast! Goes through the batteries so keep plenty on hand.
We have about 10 spinners in total but this one is the best. My 4 year old collects them. This one has a long spin time and lots of light patterns. Cool both in light and in the dark. I'm so glad I got this spinner for him. Well worth the money.
Soft and loveable fox
Good box and protection. Thanks.
It is great. Works right out of the with am max output of four volts.
This company handled my issue fast . I appreciate that.
These were awesome! Look great whether they're holding a can or not!
There's enough for several centers. This was a good buy.
Size is perfect for use as a dog toy for my Pomeranian
I purchased these for an indoor youth group activity. They were perfect. The foam is weighty enough for good distance without worrying about anyone getting crazy or hurt.
I am a former teacher and look for good quality manipulatives for my grandchildren....and also for the classrooms ...it is vital that the quality of plastic, small parts, and tools be appropriate for young children; not frustrating, and able to complete in a reasonable amount of time.
I love BTS. BTS is AMAZING. I listen 2 them all the time.
This game is truly a great game for most ages. The rules are simple, action is immediate, and rounds can be short or long. My wife and I love playing this game with our friends because you can play several rounds, chat and then jump back into the action. It takes 1 minute to explain the rules and then you are playing.
Fun colors. Perfect for my one year old niece. Definitely a little larger than I expected would could be hard to hold for some.
granddaughter loved it
Great set. My daughter and I love adding this into our game. We are after all princesses!! :)
My ASD children have spent endless hours fighting over these that I had to buy 2 more boxes of this produce. Yes we have almost 100 pc in the house. The sides are almost as sturdy as I wish and it's a choking hazard if they break and a child swallows the magnets not to mention all sorts of other health issues for their body! So I keep Theo locked up and they must share or take turns. Each child has an agreed amount of time prior to the box coming out and we draw numbers?to make it random as well. No fighting or they go back in the box and locked up again. This has been working so far. Rules are no throwing and to chewing. I take photos of all their amazing creations so they are proud of what they come up with. I'm thrilled and happy with their behavior too. I have only one that has broken so far... These are pretty and can hold their rather short attention spans for more than any other toys they have so far. I'm very happy and I've given these as gifts as well to now other creativity satisfied children. Careful the hours of fun your young ones will have is contagious 😀 open the box for them and grab your favorite book to read.
I liked it a lot, it's light, and I can charge the cell phone up to three times. It allows me to see the amount of load it has, that's great because it allows me to have it always loaded.
My son loves his rocket ship
Great product smaller than I thought.
Exactly what I expected... Showed up on time and everything is great.. My buddy was happy to receive his 2nd year medallion
Surprised my nephews with these and I haven't stopped using them since!
Gift for 4 year old... she loves them and wears them every day!
Exactly as described
Beautiful dress. My 6 year old loves it and got some room to grow. Perfect dress up dress.
Well these were supposed to be saved for the pool but the kids already broke into them for the bath tub. They don't feel cheap and sink right to the bottom of the tub. They will be used well this summer
The beauty and quality of this puzzle is impressive. I am thankful for the extras, especially the poster, since I hope to complete the puzzle without using the letters on the back. I will be disappointed if all the pieces are not there, but it seems that the seller is very responsive to that issue. I expect to order another when I finish this one.
Very well made and my grandson will love them
Colorful, sturdy, good size for 2 yr old boy. He loves them!!!
Great conversation starter with the labels and pic
Amazing decoration set! A lot of different pieces.
This product was a great filler for my piñata. This was a fun product essential for both the children and adult attendees.
All our kids love this toy! Even though it's geared for girls in its colors our boys love it as much as our daughter. They love all the things it does and they all enjoy it.
Very easy to assemble and kids Love it
Bought this for our four year old grandson. It's a great toy for he and his father to enjoy together!
Great game! And one that's hard to find in stores. Came just in time for my boyfriends birthday and we all love playing :)
It's a great size...sturdy...and Hercules loved it. Looked like a King floating around the pool.
This is our second set of these and we all love them.
It's fairly thin, easy to clean. The little emblem does come off it's safety pinned on. i removed it for my daughters safety.
What a great bang for your buck! This moves and has the coolest sounds. Highly recommend
My 2 yr old loves playing with her "baby sharks" in the bathtub. They have easy to hold handles and big wide mouths to easily catch the fish. We also love that there is 2 in the package so that Mommy can play too.
Granddaughter loved it, she's into anything strawberry!
I bought these because they were cute and I needed a stress type toy to fidget with while studying. I love how slow rising they are, it's very calming, like squishing fresh bread. They look just like the picture, and were even bigger in person! I have a lot of cute desk toys, and these are my new favorites :)
Giving it as a gift so haven't played with it. Looks nice, though.
PERFECT! My son was thrilled!
My husband loved it!!!
My mom loved it I got it for her birthday
Agree with other reviewers - first bath crayon that didn't disintegrate or fall down in the case. These actually twirl up and hold. Yes! Buy them!
arrived in great timing
Just challenging enough and a beautiful design!
Lots of fun for any age.
Bought this for my 7 year old and he loves it!! Works exactly like it is said it does. Good for indoor activity to get the kids moving.Highly recommend. Good for a rainy day!
Item delivered as promised. Very well packaged. The polish has very faint non-offensive smell, nice bright colors and peels off easily even after several hours from application. Most importantly, my granddaughter loves them!! I'm a very happy customer! Thank you!!
I loved this for my gender reveal!! Stayed long enough in the air for photos. Awesome product for a great price!!
My granddaughter loved this little wolf cub. She is a collector of all things animals.
I enjoy using it.very nice design and works great!My favorite part is so much faster to inflate.Great product
This stuff is really handy. It adds just the right amount of weight to any pinewood derby car. I continue to use it in other cars. Just take it off and put on another car.
Easy to set up...my granddaughter loves it...sturdy, she climbs in and her brother wheels her. She's 2
An old but still great kit
One of our favorite family games. My daughter loves it as much as we do. If you like Dr Who, it's a must!
Child wants to wear costume everyday everywhere
My 5 yr old son and 2 year old grandson love these! My son had played with them everyday since Christmas.
Grandkids really enjoy dressing up. Bright colors
I used it in my 2nd grade classroom and my students loved it. It really helped them understand the phases of the moon. Great buy!!!
They were fun for my niece to open each one individually, and I got them on sale so it was a great deal.
2 year old granddaughter loves it.
I bought this for my friend's 3 year old daughter. The little girl really like it. The quality of the flower are nice and colorful. She enjoy playing with it. Hours of fun.
Loved this game wish they sold additional versions . Hubby and I loved them
This worked out great for my intended use for it. I had found several larger and smaller but this one worked great.
Great toy. My 2.5 year old enjoys it. Only complaint is i have is the bar that lifts the cage is not attached. Any pressure it comes off. But my daughter loves it non the less.
Love this truck. My son loves it easy to navigate. Also comes with remote
Super cute and fits well
Solid. Well-built. My son is obsessed with these.
Perfect. A little large for my son but exactly what we were looking for.
I am so glad I ordered them . Perfect , free of harmful chemicals , beautiful and well made candles . I will make sure to refer my clients to you .
Cute! Multiple settings are fun. I got many compliments when wearing it.
A delayed review as this was a present sent abroad and I had to wait for the grandchildren to play with this and now the feedback has arrived to say they absolutely love it, so many thanks for a wonderful product that will give lots of fun for a long time to come, Honor
The snake looks pretty real, although it has not scared away the squirrels like I had hoped. Knowing some children who like snakes, I think this would be a pretty good gift. And it could certainly scare someone if you were inclined to do that. Over all it seems durable, and the price was right. If you're looking for a rubber snake, this is a good one.
Very accurate and fun!
used these balloons for a little boy's baby shower. The colors are great and the balloons were easy to inflate.
Absolutely adorable!!! My 16 year old blue healer passed away in March and this stuffed animal is a good likeness of him. Cody lives on!!
My kids love these rings! Good quality. Gave them something fun to do.
Used this for a Murder Mystery party and it was the perfect fun touch to my decorations!
My kid loves this toy! Too many things to do! Building different kinds of stuff! We are thinking of getting another one to gift to my nephew!
All the questions are appropriate for a general audience. I plan to use it over the holidays. The questions are interesting and open ended so as to encourage insightful positive answers. They could be useful in any group wanting to build connection among members.
I used this as a gift for my 3 year old grand daughter. She had a ton of fun with it. I would recommend this product.
Bubbles were very simple to mix and use. Kids had a blast with it! Will definitely reorder. Highly recommended!
Great glow sticks!! We purchased these for the kids table at our wedding, there were a hit with the kids and the adults.
I really like these puzzles with Aimee Stewart designs. Super engaging. Not too easy, but not impossible either.
Nephew really liked them.
Great game, plenty of fun for kids and adults. Cards are great quality and will withstand a fair amount of wear and tear. And if the pouch isn't the best game packaging ever, I don't know what is!
My son loves it. Especially a drill. Everything as expected. Happy with the purchase
it took less than a week to get deliver the products quality is great, my 4 year old boy loves playing with them.
Very nice piece of kit to stay on top of the current battery status cell by cell.
The customer service is very good. My son loves it so much and he would love to bring it everywhere.
Lots of stuff perfect for Easter in a crunch
These are just way too much fun. Old school type designs. Very fun.
My grandson loved it!
So cute in person! Came fast and for a good price. Nice addition to my growing collection.
I like puzzles with challenges ,because it allows me to play with my wife.It took us three days to put together the puzzle,which really meets my needs.
Have enjoyed owning this car so far, this is my first RC no complaints. Very fast and durable.
My husband and 7 year old daughter have really been enjoying driving this remote control truck. It's durable and powerful easily maneuvering over a variety of terrains. The remote control works for a long distance and the batteries have a long lasting life. Fun for kids and adults!
i love this pool!!! so fun and easy to inflate / deflate after daily use. I would definitely recommend this pool.
Fantastic for my 8 y/o on the road trip. Gave her a good reason to go off the tech for a while and over the course of a 10 day road trip it was a favorite. Beats the heck out of bringing paper and markers!!
Kids love it. Very useful
My grandson loves these cars and carries them around.
My daughter is in love with her new balance board!! I would totally recommend this product for the little ones.
I thought the kids would lose interest in the game after playing it a few times, but they love it!
My son loves it! We were building the spinning wheel and it was very fun.
Love these phone holders. And are adorable.
We really enjoy this game, it's great for when you have people over
A great toy to encourage lots of growth and learning That keeps busy for a good amount of time. This is a great activity for fine motor skills, practicing shapes, colors and counting the holes in the shape. As a parent, I worry about the quality of the products used when making these toys. It is very important to me that the materials are non-toxic and safe for my children. I would definitely recommend this product.
My granddaughter absolutely loved this LEGO set and worked until it was finished. She loves all legos and wants more!!!
We gave this to my daughter 5.5 years ago for her 4th birthday. It's still holding up strong, a little worn from a lot of love but it has lasted. Strongly recommend this cuddly well made tarantula
We bought for some summer fun and the kids absolutely love!! We placed for a couple of hours on the first day and each day since. Great Summer Fun!
It was a great Christmas gift for my 4 year old and she loved it. We played it so many times during the Christmas/New Year break
Nice variety of colors, though some are a lot alike. Skinnier than other gel crayons we've used which is nice for more accurate drawing. Includes white, grey, black, two pale skin color, gold, silver, and four neon colors.
Had great interaction with granddaughter
I haven't written a product review in a while but I had to for this item. I ordered these for my daughter's Easter Party and Easter Egg Hunt at her school. She is almost 3. These eggs are fantastic. They have these cute little plush bunnies in each egg. The bunnies are a good size, the eggs are a good size, they are larger than your normal Easter Eggs. These were well worth the money. Oh and the bunnies are very cute. And they are each different. For example, there may be a pink bunny in a purple egg and a pink bunny in an orange egg, but they have different colored bows. The each also appear to have a little string attached to them, so that you could clip the bunny on something if you wanted to. I guess it is kind of hard to write a stellar product review about pre-filled Easter Eggs, but believe me when I tell you these things are legit. I am super happy I ordered them.
Great shipping and the baby loves it
I cannot get over the quality of this for the money! My son and I are having a blast playing mini pool. I would highly recommend this for a gift. It's fun for all ages!
5yr old loves the globe. CDs from Disney Karaoke series are few and limited, but she does enjoy them. the mic has been in or always on her mouth so do worry about having to replace it as it consumes spit constantly from her
Great gift for my niece. She loved the doll. Well made, fast shipping, just as described!
Beautiful party set. I got it earlier than expected. Very satisfied!
Absolutely loved this! I used it for my gender reveal and will use it again for my baby shower!!
This is a Christmas gift, so I can't yet say how my grandson will enjoy them. But judging by the colors, sizes and shapes, I know he will love them!
Great company fast ship!
seller is above and beyond. made sure i had the toy for a gift the day before i needed it. quality of toy is great and was a huge hit with the kids!
Sobriety Anniversaries are very special. A second Birthday. My wife and I pick out one of your special Medallions for each other every year. I've had 25 second Birthdays, she 10. It's a very special service that you provide. Quality products excellent service with attention to detail. I am and will continue to be a repeat customer. God Willing that is.
This was a gift for my grandson and he loves it!
My 3 year old daughter loves Luvabella. She moves like a baby and the spoon, pacifier, and bottle all are great accessories that are included. Don't forget to buy 4 “C” batteries.
They are small compared to the big one. But they will work and does the same Job
My daughter loves her fairy house kit! It has held up nicely in our garden.
Informative and fun! However, most buttons on the map do not work. My 5 year-old was very excited learning about the different countries, their corresponding flags and languages but was so disappointed when he found out that the other buttons were not working. It would have been great if all of the buttons are in perfectly working condition. Update: Great costumer service! They sent me a replacement the very next day and my son had a blast. Great buy for kids in every grade level. My son is already giving trivia questions he had learned from the interactive map.
Bought for my niece for her birthday and she loves it!
My grandson loved this gun. It really works good.
They're really cute and great quality! My 3 yr old daughter loves them.
My son loves this set! This is his second vehicle/road mat and he loves them both. It seems this toy never gets "old" and he continues to play with it. Also very good quality.
I wish it came with it's own little pump because this thing is HUGE! Easily carries my one little 9 year old.
Love it! And the raccoon even balances on his head!
I bought this for our son around the 16 month point to help familiarize himself with different words, shapes, numbers, etc. We weren't expecting it to be as successful as it was. He isn't exactly speaking yet (20 months) but he correctly points to each letter/number/color/shape when presented with all of them. Definitely recommend doing this with your child daily and only using it as supervised educational time (not as a toy). When he/she loses focus and just starts playing, put it away for the day.
This was a birthday gift for my son and he absolutely loved it!!
I used the lizards in mixed art media and they worked out great. I will be using them for more projects I want to do.
excellent! girls are different, the child is delighted. ordered again.
It's been great to us so far! Comfy, seems pretty rugged. Pump inflated and deflates. Cup holders are very shallow. But they hold on tight to regular size cans.
High quality toy. Perfect for every little toddler who loves the word party show.
Great product at a great price. Definitely added to the birthday glam. The decoration balls were great, and fold up for easy storage for reuse.
good product, great price very satisfied
Perfect gift for 1-2 year old. Packages well and shipped quickly. Quality as expected for price.
This is the second batch of these I bought. The cat has thoroughly destroyed the other 4. They take quite a beating, but after being thrown all over for a year it was time for new mice.
Perfect little gift, very cute, holds up!
I use these in my table top photography and after I'm done they go the grand kids. Nice toys.
Super cute 18 in doll clothes. The coat was a very soft yet study material. Everything else was super cute. No shoes included. Only coat, scarf, dress, panties and necklace.
My grandson loves it!
I got these as a gift. They haven't been opened yet, but I know recipient will love them.
This was ordered as a gift. He absolutely loved it!! It looks like the character and is fun to squeeze. It is a little sticky out of the box, so be careful with dirt or animal fur.
Super cute! I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and it arrived on time and is a little larger than I thought.
I have tried many headphones, from the cheapest ones you can buy from Walgreens to one of the highest end that cost over $100. But I gotta say that these headphones are one of the best, if not, the best I've ever gotten. They're easy to put on and fit perfectly inside my ears. They also come with different size earbuds so there should be a set that should fit your ears too. You can change the volume while listening to music on the headphones and even skip or go to previous song as well. These headphones play music really loud and still keeps it at a pretty good clarity. I usually don't have them set at the highest volume since they're just really good at about 75% it's highest volume works for me. On top of that, the noise cancelation works really great as far as these kinds of headphones. And since these are waterproof, these are perfect for while taking a run. If you you're looking for good headphones for running, working out or even just to listen to music in general, I promise you won't regret buying these. Plus these come with a 1 year warranty. Again, I've really tried many other headphones and I would buy these again if I ever need another one later.
Was very happy arrived in time and good quality.. Will order again
I bought this for my husband as it is common to find Legos on the desks in his office (he works in a nerdy office :) This was a HUGE hit and he was the envy of his colleagues. I will say I was super bummed about the price, but It was sold out EVERYWHERE by about Thanksgiving, sooooo I paid considerably more than it was selling for at the Lego store (when they had them in stock). Buy early if you want this.
These marbles are dear to my 3 year old who is obsessed with space. I was worried he would lose them, but he cherishes them so much, he has not. He's super protective of them. When he us dine with them I keep them in a ziploc. The weight of holding them gives him great sensory relief.
My granddaughter loved it!
Exactly what I wanted and came on time
The detail on these is amazing. Great product. Would use again!!!
my girlfriend loves it
First the Drone material Quality is excellent especially the Drone Body itself. It kind of strong from rough flight or drop. The flying experience was easy to handle and control. For beginner would suggest to fly on the open area since you might hit the trees around you. I'm beginner and flying drone is my first experience. Though I learn it fast since this drone have many great feature such as Home where you can let us goes back where it originated. WiFi connection with my IPhone was easy too.
I got these for my sister's bachelorette party and they are awesome! These cups are a harder plastic than typical Solo or other party cups and the lettering made her feel so special! They arrived in perfect condition and can be reused if hand-washed. I definitely recommend these!
Love it at help my anxiety
Perfect for people who love leopards (or cheetahs, in my child's case) and rainbows. Great Easter present.
Got this for my 7 year old. He loves police officers and this puppet was the perfect size for him. Gives him hours of enjoyment too. This was shipped out fast and very well made. I highly recommend.
This game is really fun with friends, I would block off a whole day if you plan to play it with 7 people.
Great for cupcakes. Much better value then others I have seen
Excellent toy, bought it for my grandson and he loves it
I saw this space whip at a burn and I was completely captivated by it and the way that it flowed so freely and beautifully. I was very happy with my purchase because it is use and so colorful!
Small tic tac toe game perfect for coffee table
Highly recommend this puzzle. The delivery of it was timely and excellent, the pictures and description were perfect.
This charger is solid. I've been using it to charge my 2, 3, and 4s batteries. It's definitely worth the money.
Great product, fantastic condition.
Ordered one for each kid and they love these adorable, soft elephants. Highly recommend!
Marvelous little Sterling Engine. I did almost burn our house down when the alchohol burner tipped over due to vibration. I'd like to try it small Esbit tablet for future runs.
this is such a beautiful TeePee! I loved everything about it! my baby looked so beautiful in it, So easy to put up with such beautiful packaging , I will definitely be coming back for more!!😍😍😍
This is beautiful! Looks cute on my daughter. None of the stones have fallen out and we play with it several times a week for the past couple of months.
She loves playing with it. All the sounds are fun
Big enough to play with, small enough to use as a birthday cake topper.
super cute product. very soft and loveable. would buy from seller again! fast shipping and great packaging
His was a gift for my son and he absolutely loves it! He was so excited and it was well worth the money and time it took to get it!
I love this bubble machine. I have tried the other kids ones in the past. They become a huge mess and the kids try to pick them up and walk around with them. Then the batteries die. I love that I can plug this in and control the speed of the bubbles
kato best in N guage quality. slow shipping from over sea .
Very pleased with this purchase
well made good color variety and not to small and not to big my dogs and cats like them good quality purchase came faster than I expected. they were to get them for christmas and are already playing with them
Very good quality and fun in the tub!
Nice toy. No issues. Fast shipping
This dress is amazing. The craftsman ship is truly awesome. My 2 year old love this dress and is ready to wear it for Halloween.
My daughter loved wearing this for her birthday but the sash started to fall apart at the bottom. Other then that it was perfect. The tiara is very good quality for the price
Perfect for little hands to hold and draw with!
Didnt disappoint. Love all the Melissa and Doug products.
High quality, made to last. My only minor complaint is that it's unidirectional. Some playgrounds have similar seats that are bidirectional.
This is the most adorable tooth fairy kit! My daughter squealed with delight when we gave her the pillow & explained what it was for. It's super soft, well made, and has the cutest little face. The glitter & tablet are such a fun touch. We will be ordering more of these to gift to our nieces and nephews.
Really good quality. Hoping to see more of her character in the future!
Super cute and exactly as described. The kids loved filling them with sand and wearing for Valentine's Day.
My kids love this set. They have non stopped played with it since receiving it.
Ordered this as a baptism present. It was so soft and cuddly. It is a nice size and you can clearly hear the prayer being recited.
Very good. I purchased many darts at affordable price. It is enough for families to enjoy together. I will purchase again if I have the chance.
Great for gifting I got it for my kids for Christmas I start shopping early and save the things
Easy to operate. An 8 year old operated it all evening
These sea animals were the hit at the beach and pool for my 3 1/2 year old and 15 month old grandsons!
I thought playing with them would be great for kids to be creative and to use their imagination. The magnets are strong enough to hold the pieces together for whatever little hands want to build. It is great to get kids away from video games and the t.v. for awhile!
Bought this for my niece. She's really into planets and has a lot of fun looking up at the planets with this!
All pieces well made and colorful. Has sturdy construction.
This product was a birthday gift for my granddaughter.
Great product. Bought this for my 8 year old grandson and he loves it. The product was exactly as pictured and described. My Grandson loved it !
Easy to assemble for the littles. Can be configured in many ways. Comes with a police car. Would be a great gift for Christmas or birthdays.
My girls 5 and 6 love this doll, in my opinion all Barbies should be made like this. What a wonderful addition to the world of play, now Barbie can move like a dancer, runner, tennis player the list goes on. You can make no mistake getting this for any child who loves barbies.
Perfect match to any Nerf gun! You hang hang it on something or have it stand alone. Also great to store bullets and guns together.
Such an awesome LEGO piece. My son put it together in about 2 days. Totally awesome and worth the price!
The kids still play with this regularly. Reasonably priced as far as legos go.
My daughter loved this. It has lots of room and pockets.
My son-in-law loved them
Bought as a gift. The recipient was thrilled! Would buy again and I do recommend! If this review helps you please mark it "helpful" so I know! Thank you!
Bought to put on my desk at work. It is the perfect size. Came very quickly and was easy putting together. Got extra pieces for when you are pretending to be in battle and shoot the guns. Good buy
My girls love LOL dolls. They were authentic as described.
Kids loved it. Pretty durable too
I bought this for my son for his birthday and he was so excited when he opened it, he absolutely loves it - and so do his two brothers. Really good price with Amazon compared to other retailers.
Granddaughter loved this! Material was very nice. It exceeded my expectations. I have not washed it yet so hopefully it stands up to a wash or 2
My nephews love these!
My grand daughter loves this. She has tons of fun playing with this
I purchased these for my sons school project and they were perfect To decorate it
Kids love it. Well made and works great for treehouse.
I ordered for the first time from Amazon and other than my password problems it was painless. What I received is what I ordered. Therefore, I am satisfied.
My child is only 2 years old, he likes to paint everything, he is like a genius painter, I am worried bad, but now seems to have a role, I can let him paint without pollution!
Work as well as the original blade in my cutter.
Best response from a Christmas present we got this year! This puzzle case is way better than expected!
As a sped teacher I use this stuff in a bin as an activity for my kids when they earn a break and they absolutely love it. I wish more came in a pack, but it is really cool. Super easy clean up too and it really doesn't dry out!
These beanbags were a perfect addition to my Grandsons Birthday Party!!!
Adorable, functional, and packaged well
These items were satisfactory, nothing more. The crown would not stay on.
Absolutely gorgeous!
I love Funko and Voltron! This is a great piece! Super stoked on it.
I needed cheep darts to start an all out war with my roommates. They work just fine.
Our son is currently fascinated with the Titanic and this toy sent him over the moon with happiness. For the price any Titanic loving kid will have hours of fun.
Such a cute and convenient little baby stroller. It folds down so we can put it away when shes not playing with it.
Cute toy. Comes with batteries! 9 month old niece loved it.
This tablet has been a lifesaver for road trips with my 3 year old! Excellent tablet!
Perfect for holding gloom and all its expansion packs. It's sturdy and the top pouch us great for holding rules, etc.
Perfect for my 2 year old, great quality
The quality of this little outfit is excellent!!! I am always delighted when items I have ordered either fill my expectations or exceed my expectations....This little outfit did both.
The costume comes with a shirt, skirt, 2 pom-poms and a red hair ribbon. The quality is much higher than I expected for a child's costume, and is made of washable material. It can be worn multiple times and still look good. The pom-poms are pretty durable and don't shed fringe like the cheaper ones do. I'm really happy with this purchase, and my daughter loves it.
Not much to say here. It's a package of spare parts. They seem the same as the original parts as far as quality goes; although I haven't had a need to use them as of yet. It's definitely a good investment to buy one of these spare part kits with whatever drone you decide to purchase so that if something breaks you don't have to wait for replacement parts. I happen to get the Holy Stone HS200 as a Christmas gift from my wife and it's a a really decent drone. Good features, built tough, but takes some practice to learn to fly it.
Cant post all the pics..eveything was just right..more than my expectations
Ordered girl prizes for kids Carnival. Kids loved them. Small but yet stretched with the Coil Spring action. Good price to get all 50, was cheaper than getting several packs from Dollar tree.
The size of these cars are perfect for my 4 year old grandson. They're durable and the variety of Dino's is so fun!
I love the storage box these come in. Make it nice to keep everything together. Only complaint is the one clips do fall off time to time. I have the same issue with another one I have.
It arrived expertly packaged, I was very impressed. The set is high quality and really easy for my two year old grandson to put together.
for a cheap toy - these are awesome. I have tried it out and love the amount of bubbles produced. I will try to remember to update this review after the party to let you know how they hold up in a beach environment. :)
I brought it as a gift. She Lived it so much she slept with him the night she got it:)
Bought this as a gift for my son. Its so cute. The rotating limbs work great. So fun.
my daughter loved this dress!
Granddaughter loved it. Great Christmas gift on her list. She was happy.
My Grandson loves it!
These are well made, super cute & a great size
I really recommend this toy! My kids really enjoyed it 😍 good quality and details
Works good! My son loves it.
The outer ring is inflated with air and the middle gets filled with water It's adorable, made well and works for our baby.
Fit a little snug on my 7 yo but it worked great on Halloween! She loved it!
The transaction was great! It was delivered very fast and it was an easy transaction.
This was a give for my grandson. It's adorable and sturdy wood. He loved it! Dinosaur and trains are his favorite.
Everything was ok and for being an international shipping, it arrived really fast!
My daughter loves this toy. Quality product
I was a little leery of the low price, but it was surprisingly well made. Super soft and so cute. My niece loved it!
This is a GREAT product! So clever and a fresh alternative to the classic lemonade stand! It comes with all you need to create a fun afternoon or birthday party activity for the kids with the added bonus of encouraging them to donate all proceeds to the charity of their choice.
I bought these to go along with our homeschool lessons.
My husband and I are always looking for good 2 player games that we can play once the kids are sleeping. This one fits the bill!
Very good quality for price point. Great set to teach my kids the wonderful game of backgammon.
First played this game at a soccer tournament when we were back to the hotel. So much fun! We immediately purchased to have at home to play.
Super cute and great price my 2.5 year old loves it
Ship fast and well protected
I like giving out klutz products to my relatives. They made a charm and turned it into a necklace.
I got this for hubbies new hobby and he loves it.
It's what you'd expect.
Loved having this set on vacation. But it set off TSA at every airport we were at from Chicago to Europe. Bag had to be manually gone through. Shows up on X-ray as a suspicious solid brick. Would recommend to pack in checked bag.
Bought this for my daughter. She had outgrown her other one. She loves this and it is easy to use.
Bought this to keep the ducks out of my pool...and it did! Haven't seen any more ducks. Float stayed filled with air all summer. Great buy!
My daughter loved he clothes! I would definitely buy again.
made for perfect decorations at our safari themed birthday party! everyone loved it got so many compliments and the foil balloons were SO BIG and BEAUTIFUL
The detail on these is beautiful! I love how the patterns differ so they aren't all exactly the same. The dice roll nicely and have a good feel. I am not an avid gamer and honestly bought these just because I love Halloween. Would buy again and will get lots of use as I want to play more just to show off these dice.
My 4 year old loves this little pony family, it's difficult to find these characters in stores, soo was thrilled to find these for her.
Great for my son who loves dinosaurs. They're worth every penny.
This item worked great to hold all of our Cards Against Humanity Card Sets. Very Sturdy!
I bought this kids camera for my son. It is easy to use. The picture has cute frame. My son likes it very much. This is a great gift for children.
This is all you need to start building you gundam set!
We absolutely love this hover ball set. Really great toy for a good price.
Perfect! Nice thick paper. It looks just like pictured and is exactly what I expected!
There are many bubbles in this bubbler. This bubbler is practical and convenient.
It was a lot more plush and cuddly than it looked.
son really likes these
Had an issue with delivery. Was immediately contacted by customer service to correct the issue and given a little extra for my time. Would use seller again.
Great condition and packaged well
Lovely! Much cheaper than the stores!
Much smaller than I expected but my daughter still loved it. Her and my husband played with it for hours. It was a cool surprise when they got it to stick to the wall and ceiling. Def worth the money
They are awesome just too big for what I needed.
So nice! My granddaughter loves it!!
We have a Yorkie and she loves to chase them. She can't destroy them like other bouncy balls.
I received this 2 weeks ago and am being cautious with, since I have a rough 4 yr old that breaks things quickly. Happy to report that this toy has survived so far and the kids really love it, so they play with it often. Not for unsupervised play with little ones, but super easy to set up and play.
Really amazing toy! My kids love it!
gift receiver really pleased
great item for a horror fan this freddy doll talks has a demo mode you have to switch to regular mode so he has plenty of phrases it keeps the classic style of living dead dolls body style.
Packaging was clean and was just as described. Used them as party favors for daughters and nieces birthday party. Only problem was the bracelets were too small for 6 our year old guests.
Got as a gift for my nephew he loved it and it came before it said it was going to be delivered
The items were beautiful the images do not do them justice. They were a huge hit at my teens pool party.
So cute but so small
She loved it! It was a birthday present though so I can't say much about the packaging or appearance of the gift.
One of my granddaughters favorite toys delighted when she does manipulate the buttons and gets it to pop up very sturdy well-made not easily damaged
My Granddaughter loves it
The sand table is light weight and easy to move. It is easy to attach the cover to the sand table. The cover keeps the sand dry even during a hard rain.
Perfect Banner , shipped quickly . Very happy with Seller and Item. Thanks
I like this gift because it's not big. It was a perfect gift for my 9 year old daughter.
My two year old son loves these.
Everyone wanted one when we were in Costa Rica.
Best balloons we ever bought! They do not deflate at all. It's actually been over one month and a few still hanging and fully inflated. Very beautiful as well, full set makes room super festive.
I was surprised that she was taller than I imagined but I love it! She's so adorable and both figure and box were not damage when they arrived. The price is fair and I'm happy that I could purchase such a lovely and cute figure!
My daughter was greatly pleased with this purchase. The foods were squishy and the animals were a soft stretchy rubber. She even got a bonus large squishy! I would strongly recommend this product at such a great price.
These stamps convey the real meaning of Easter & are a great size to stuff in eggs. Our grandchildren loved them.
They are very well built
Awesome block set. Wish the storage bag was slightly bigger and there were more of the big triangle pieces
Perfect gift for my nephew! This cute kit has everything he needs to begin his gardening adventure. Excellent customer service and fast shipping.
These invites are so cute! They are exactly as pictured. They're printed on a pretty thick/heavy card stock. My daughter absolutely loves them! Shipped and delivered on time with prime.
Such a fun little drone and it is so easy to fly that my 6 yr old can fly it all over the house. The battery life is really great for such a small drone and the addition of the second battery means twice the play time! Each battery last about 10 minutes for us and they only take about a half hour to charge so she can play with it for hours.
My little granddaughter loved it.
Super fun....had two couples floating on it, while the kids played around us, climbing in and out. The kids even pushed us around the cove and took us on a "tour". Even when a few kids joined us, there was plenty of room. Big enough to not only sit, but to lay down and catch some rays. Loved that water collects in the bottom, and kept our feet cool....It we felt like we were in the water, without being actually IN the water.
Kids just like bubble and this is the best
The toy exceeded our expectations. It does a good job of replicating the real battle bots in a toy format.
Army transport? Battle foam? The big difference is the case material and how sturdy it would be during shipping. I'm buying more as soon as funds become available for all the models summarily places in cardboard and TP.
I just love Groot and I collect banks, so that makes it all the better!!!
Very Cute! I couldn't find this doll anywhere - I gave it for a birthday gift. It is being well loved by a special little girl.
It was perfect my granddaughter loved it
This was the perfect Simple costume for my toddler. It fit perfectly over a long sleeved shirt and he was able to wear regular pants to accompany it. He is Thomas the Train obsessed and loved the 3D Thomas on the costume. It wasn't bulky or overbearing. He was able to run around and play/trick or treat with no problem. Couldn't beat the price anywhere!!!!
I bought it for daughters 4th birthday cake. It worked perfectly. Loved the product.
Perfect for our granddaughter. She absolutely loved it.
Great and I added my own lollipops to each one!
It is a cute little doll perfect for infants. My little one adores it.
Shipped quickly worked correctly many colors.
Wonderful product. Small but nice.
Doesn't matter because I got it for my kid. But Jason Momoa..... I love you.
great size camera for little one. bought it for my 4 years boy. he love it and keep taking picture all the time. the camera came with 32gb SD card, so we can save music and play anytime .excellent gift for kids.
My son loved this track! the tracks come in different sizes
Nice Coin, The recipient will love this!!~Thanks
Bought this as a birthday present for my son. he loved it. Very easy to fly and the 1080p camera captures amazing shots. Make sure you download the T25 app for this.
This is a great toy for little ones to learn math. My son enjoy playing with it.
I bought these for a STEM tub for my class. They are used daily during morning work and the kids LOVE them. So far they've held up very well. I'll be buying more soon.
The model arrived in perfect condition. Wrapped nice and tight in the delivery box. The owner/employee even sent a little toy, which my kids love. It shows thought, which I like and appreciate.
Small Christmas item to tie to ribbons- loved by big and small jeep fans
This little unicorn wristlet is adorable! It's small enough for her to carry around her odds and ends- and she's obsessed with purses, unicorns and glitter so this is the perfect combo of everything! Fit for a princess!
Ordered for a Christmas gift, there was a mixup with the shipping so I contacted the seller who immediately went to work on resolving the issue, I am sure my son will love the tried when we put it together for christmas, this review is more aimed at how well the customer service experience was for me while dealing with the seller.
This dress has 4 layers. Easy to put in and take off. Have 3&4 year old granddaughters. princesses dress up is our regular play cloths. Would buy again!!
Nice puzzles for kids. They are well made ,colorful all the edges are smooth. Tr he pieces sturdy and easy to put together.
Great game. Bought for my kids to play for some fun during our homeschool day. My 11 year old, 9 year old, and 8 year old love to play!
Battery life is pretty short. But it super fun while it lasts!! My nephews loved them!
Last long and was the size described
This game is so much fun. I purchased this game after watching it played on ADD live stream and was sold instantly. I have had coworkers who have never rapped in their life have so much fun with this game. I couldn't recommend this game anymore than I already do. You won't be disappointed.
Came out so beautiful! Doesn't feel like the cheap costumes very good quality the size was perfect .
Very exceptional quality and beautiful! Grandma can't wait to give this to my 2 year old granddaughter for her birthday! I only wish I would have thought about having one done when my kids were growing up! The personable note that was enclosed was a nice added touch. I ordered her puzzle a little over a month before her birthday because I wasn't sure how long it would take to receive it. I was pleasantly surprised the promptness of it being delivered, less than a week after ordering. I will definitely be buying more products from this company in the future.
Pretty good detail, even on the smaller figures. They even sent a sample of other stuff they had on hand.
Really love it. Fun for adults and kids. 8 year olds can't get enough.
I didn't expect so many letters! It allows kiddos to be so creative with it. The board was just a bit smaller than I imagined. The vowels are in red too!
Great toy. Keeps my children busy for hours.
Super cute and great quality
Bought these for the grandkids' stocking stuffers for Christmas 2018. Ages 8 and 10. It's now October 2019 and my grandson still plays with his. Kids love these things.
It fitted perfectly for my 5 yrs old! She was very pleased with this dress for her birthday party
My daughter loves it, plays with it all the time.
Cool little machine and crazy fun for the price: tiny, but loads of ability.They're tiny, like the propellers, but they put out a lot of wind.
This wig worked out perfectly! My son used it for his play where one of the characters was a mad scientist. So cute! Some of the reviews said that their wig was curly, but ours wasn't. It was just sort of wild, but that was the look we wanted. Great quality for the price! I'm sure it'll be used in many plays in the future. :)
Worked great for my daughter's fiesta themed party. You get many rolls, but they are smaller (so not like a big roll you'd be used to buying at say, Party City). BUT that wasn't a problem at all, they were perfect for what I needed and the colors were super vibrant and fun. For this price you cannot go wrong with these for a party.
Exactly as pictured. Good quality.
Happy with this purchase. Such a unique dice set and have a handmade feel to them. Purchased for a Halloween party game but will likely use them year round.
Good quality. Easy for our 6yr old to maneuver. Happy with the price.
The quality was amazing! I was expecting a good quality bib, but I didnt know it was going to be as good as it was! For our drooling babe, it really soaks in all the drool! Also great for just a stylish little piece as well! They are absolutley adorable, cant wait to continue to use them!
These bikes are so realistic looking and perfect for the boys I teach online for ESL. My first order had a broken one and they sent me a replacement. So cute.
Great summer toy for all ages!
These are a good size for stocking stuffers. They seem decent quality, and much cheaper than actual transformer toys.
My grandkids love these tiles and amaze me with their creative ideas. The latest was building a parking garage for all the matchbox cars and trucks! Keeps them busy for hours!
Good quality & doesn't look cheap!
This the cutest little bank ive ever had. The keys make me feel better about having money in there and its pretty safe keeping. It functions like an actual mail box which I was excited about and I love it
They look great. They're gentle and delicate.
Fun puzzle but too many pieces for a four year old
Very fun to play with inside or out. Rechargeable and durable. Has a remote to stop and start. And it goes for a long time also has a quick recharge. Great toy for the whole family.
I bought this ball for the kids at my elementary school to use during recess months ago. It has had the crap beat out of it but it just keeps going. I will absolutely repurchase this ball when it finally gives up the ghost.
It was fun to put together and the treasure box is great. I can't believe how smoothly wooden gears can turn. The trick is to wax the parts that need wax.
Pictures don't do these justice! These are the type that gets everyone asking where you got them.
My grandson loved it.
This was okay there wasnt really anything to hang it with
Very Beautiful watch with many functions!
My kids (4 and 2 both enjoy this game! They both can play at the same time because there are pictures on on one side that help the 2 year old and on the other side is just the word which is a way to practice letters and reading skills with my 4 year old.
Sturdy wooden pieces; challenging fun puzzle for toddlers. Definitely recommend
I LOVED these decor curtains. We used them to hang around the house for my daughters little mermaid birthday party. They have self adhesive and one curtain by itself was thick enough for our purpose.
The coins are beautiful! Absolutely love them and they came earlier than expected. They also came with little stands to display them. I definitely recommend and would buy again!
Outfit is adorable! The headband was very big for my dog's little head but the rest fit to size. The material is felt n soft she did not fuss at all in it. Definitely recommend. Got lots of laughs!
This is a great little drone. Very stable in calm to no breeze with generally very good control. We did have an incident where the drone malfunctioned and shot straight up in the sky, and would not respond to any commands from the controller. But Camille at customer service was wonderful, and she replaced the drone! A++
My 5 year old niece loved this as a Christmas gift!!! The cat is the perfect size for taking on the go as well.
Used for a 2yr old boy! Adorable. The pink unicorn bag was a surprise. His 3 yr old sister loves PINK and UNICORNS! You're the Greatest!❤️
I thing this is perfect gift for my nephew for his 6th birthday. It turned out to be the perfect gift for a kid. This remote control robot has a lot of options, speaks clearly, walks, turns, dances and sings. The quality is very good. This is an amazing robot for the reasonable price. It holds the charge really well, the remote works great and very easy to use. This toy looks super cool!!!
My 3 year old great granddaughter loved this trike. We sent this for a gift for her. If you want it to be a surprise have them add a new box. She ran to the door when it was delivered and of course saw the picture of it on the box so they had to set it up for her right then. She was so excited with it.
Very fun family game. My kids and grandkids loved it.
Love this! Jafar is one of my favorite characters!
I was making a lego restaurant for my cousins, and let me tell you, they like detail. So, I was looking everywhere and no place would have it. When I saw this I got so happy! It works with LEGO, so it will fit. This is really detailed, so this was really fun. None of them were broken when they came, and I got 140 pieces! I was highly satisfied with this product.
My 3 year old lives in this costume!! The only gripe we have is that the tail is Velcro attached and keeps calling off. I hope it last til Halloween
My daughter is almost 2 and LOVES this! We bought it as a toy to keep in the car during a long road trip and now she plays with it every day!
Bought these for my sons so they don't loose their house key. Very nice leather and not too big.
Cuts deep, great in-depth book with lots of detail! The cards are a tad big. I wish they were just a little smaller in size. Overall, I use for my personal readings and find so much more meaning in this deck than in others. Great for shadow work and the creativity put into this deck is 100% !! In one word: BAD ASS
My nephew spends hours playing with these blocks...the perfect toy for a little boy
Bought this for my son's birthday this coming friday they are perfect. Boxed in great condition and even includes 3 limited addition minis too!! He is gonna be in love!
Kids had a blast with this. We had ages 6-11 and they all played and had fun. Held air well and water pressure was good. Temp was 101 degrees and it held up all day. Worth the price
I just recently started working from home and realized how much I click pens and fiddle with my phone case all day so I decided to try getting a fidget cube; I have no regrets about this purchase. I think the price is fair and I enjoy all the different options on it. It has a a nice weight and feel to it as well. In case there was a question, it's not made of real wood just a wood grain print on the plastic.
I really like it. It is cool outdoors, it has lots of suspension, huge tires, which allows it to drive over things and drive on most terrains. The plastic is very tough, so it won't break on you.
This is a 10+ toy, awesome maneuverability and detail!
Took me a few weeks of and on to build this. Was a fun build. I loved it, I ALMOST want to smash it and build again.
Perfect gift for our grandchildren as my husband drives for UPS
Such fun for my twin granddaughters. Very safe, easy for them to climb on and off without help from an adult. The twins are 20 months old--perfect entertainment.
Sealed box from Axial, Should be all good.
These are great and the draw strings worked on all of mine. Just as pictured.
Good product. Thank you.
My 3 year old played with these for 2 hours straight!!!!
Great quality especially for the price, nice colors, not too sheddy. They'll be great for my friend's tropical bridal shower!
Classic from my childhood, daughter really enjoys this.
As expected, very nice quality
My sister and I are huge MLP fans, and Discord is among our favorite characters. We love his attitude, haha. Product arrived exactly as described. We are collectors and did NOT take him out of the box. Now we need to buy another one so we'll stop fighting over him!
Super cute tumblers - it will make a very cute bachelorette souvenir!! PRO TIP - I ordered these initially as bridal beer pong cups and now they're doubling as take home gifts. You're welcome.
So cute, my child loves it!
Small sized but well loved
I bought this for my grandson and he absolutely loved it.
I ordered 2019 confetti. Looks great, and came with a free party planning checklist. The business owners are very personable and checked in to make sure I was happy with my purchase. I would be happy to support their business any time.
Great value. Having (2) charger cables lets me charge them simultaneously. Shortens drone down time.
It's a great drone, weather you're just getting into quadcopters, or just looking for a sporty drone that takes excellent pics & videos. Can't go wrong. Not 2 mention the endless upgrades you can do, with firmware or controller upgrades.
Product arrived in perfect condition including packaging.
My grandson loved this kit! It is easy to work and has so many possibilities of things to make. He had it open and playing with it in one minute!
A lot of fun for my toddler. It is nice that you don't have to worry about them slipping and falling under the water like a baby pool. Perfect for summer fun! Easy to set up and use. I was surprised at how large it was.
Great for my preschooler!!! I love that the ring keeps things in order. Regular flash cards end up all over the house.
It's perfect for my granddaughter.
Bought this for my nephew for his birthday. Must say that once he opened his gift and saw this, it was like he ignored the other gifts. Even his friends went to see how awesome this gift was. Definitely would recommend for a power ranger fan.
great for little kids. learn to use drill, shapes, patterns, wrench, great learning!
This mat is perfect for little ones wanting to get some tummy time. They have something to look at and the water moves around when they touch it. It is easy to air up and fill with water as well.
I have 3 and 7 years old two sons and they liked it too much. The best thing is it's battery is rechargeable and we don't have batteries problem. It looks well made and remote control has many functions. It is also powerful and can climb some high ridges
Super cute! My daughter really enjoyed this set with her barn until...the dog ate the girl. I'll have to get another set for her. :)
I like it because in this set has minifigures very fantastic
I bought this as a gift for my son's friend, it is so nice and I am gonna buy one for my son too!
He didn't get to use it yet school starts August 26 th but by the looks of it , it seems to me it will be just fine. fingers crossed 🙏🏻
These treads are made for Vector so no more trimming of Cozmo treads!! YAY!! and they have the hex pattern to change up the look and can't beat the price!!
This rug is amazing we use it for occupational therapy and physical therapy for our 3 year old. She drools a lot but this carpet is super easy to clean we just use a baby wipe and the stain comes right out. It's super soft stylish and totally worth the money
Adorned our Christmas tree in Jack Skellington fashion this year. Jack was perfect attached to the side. Kids loved it.
Our Granddaughter loves these, she caries them around wherever she goes.
The new Pixel Premium ABC Magnets Mega Bundle are great. The letter sizes are perfect for making words and matching. The magnets work well. As a former Pre-K teacher I'm very pleased with the product.
Super fun game for the entire family.
Lovely party favor...good price and the kids loved it .
Kids loved it and played with it continuously
We actually have 3 Barbie mermaids PLUS the Ken merman! All four have lived in our camper, the pool, and the lake/beach all summer and have held up VERY well! The clothes are "painted" on (no fabric, woo-hoo!) and have begun to show minor signs of wear (small areas rubbing off - but, hey, they lived in the water and camper ALL SUMMER!). I would 100% recommend these mermaids to anyone! They are a GREAT value for the price!
This is such a fun toy! I had one when I was a kid, and now being able to play with my daughter is awesome.
Got it for kids and they loved it. One of the best thing about this walkie talkie is the vibrant colors it comes in, pretty stylish looks. Here's details pro's /cons pros: 1. vibrant colors 2. easy to use out of the box 3. quiet decent quality for the devices 4. pretty good grip too, doesn't slip out of hand 5. long range, better than the last one 6. simple packaging cons: 1. no way to purchase yellow color as a set
Great for what we needed. To get in a small pool for kids. Loved them
Easier to take with you on vacation or game night at a friend's or relative's. I love the game!!!
Nice product came when said over night
Used this as a student incentive and the kids loved it! This slime doesn't stick to everything like other slimes do which is easy for kids to play with over and over again.
Box had a slight reddish smudge on the box, like someone used a marker then touched it. It'snot that noticeable, so not worth sending back or anything. The POP itself is perfect.
My kids and family loved it Will buy another soon
sturdy and extra large
By far the best expansion pack.
We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and she loves it. It's soft, easy to hold (aka chew and drool all over), and easy to toss into the diaper bag on the go.
My grandson absolutely loves it. We have purchased more badges that he earns with good behavior. He has earned 18 badges so far.
Just what she asked for! Loved it!
It's really a great way to organize tour D&D cards and character sheets.
Went to Disney, daughters wanted one of the Disney lightsabers, each at $40, wouldn't fit in luggage to come home. Got them to hold off though they were crying, telling them that a better product would be coming. Got home, and these had been sold out on Amazon! Contacted Liberty Imports, and they assured me that more would be coming in the following week. They came through thankfully! Just finished a sleepover party of 11 girls, and threw these out there in the dark. No other product that I'm aware of has the retractable saber, led lit, and sound effects. Gave them away as part gifts and bought one extra set for the next party. Love it! Will try to upload pics/video once available. Thanks Liberty Imports!
This is a gift for my nephew. It's a little smaller than I expected, but it's still a good starting piano, especially my a little nephew only 3 years old. He is playing every day since I gave him, and he got a lot fun. This piano very portable, it uses batteries so we don't have to plug it in, that is safe for a little kids.
Was great for our party!
adorable, soft and happy with purchase
Great set, easy to assemble. The block fit is different than lego, not complaining however. Mega sets are cheaper and often can be used to make more imaginative sets in the future, the instructions are move advanced and don't pander to a younger crowd (which is why theyre better for custom builds). This is a BUILD toy however and parts will come off. That's the point. If it didn't come apart it would be a MODEL.
I bought this as a gift and he loves it.
Very small tiles, but work just fine. Strong case. Would recommend if you want a game that's easy to pack and very light weight.
My grandson says this works great and is exactly what he needed for his collection. He loves it and it is quite sturdy.
this is my second drone. the first one was the kind with the remote you balance on your hand. that one was really easy to set up and fly but that was about it. This is a fun little drone, it's so small you can take it everywhere and with the solid blade guards it can take a beating from crashes.
Such a great deal the same exact merchandise that is sold at party city for more than half the price.
This is the second quiet book we have from curios Columbus. The quality is excellent. I love how they zip closed to keep all the pieces inside. My children were so excited when it arrived and it makes the perfect car toy! I prefer soft toys in the car in case we are ever in a wreck then things in car become projectiles but these books are soft and super entertaining! Highly recommend this book and there other quiet book.
My daughter loves this it is super soft and nice to lay with. Good quality product.
The figure was manufactured perfectly. There are no visible joints and the paint is perfect.
The soccer ball is awesome! I have 2 boys, they both loves playing soccer, now they can playing at home, good with 2 goals for 2 kids play together. You won't regret this purchase!!
My 9 year old absolutely loves this toy. She couldn't stop laughing and scaring people with it, even weeks after Christmas.
My son LOVED this he was so proud when he finished it.
This is a very nice, fun play set for the kids. Our grand kids love it. Lots of things to play with and things to do with it. We haven't had sand in it yet but maybe some day. Seems to be very sturdy and well built.
My grandson loved building it alone. He was very proud of himself.
Had an odd smell to them but they did the job. Thank you.
I like the quality of this game, so much fun ❤️
I am very happy with this planet Earth ball! My son wanted planets to use in his play and I wanted something that looked like the real thing. We are only two days in, but it seems like great quality and the cities glow when exposed to light then dark.
The product was very thing I expected
little pricey for toilet paper but worth it ... its the thought that counts
Growing up, I had one similar that I loved playing with my grandpa. Surprised my fisherman, kid-at-heart husband with this and he loved it! :)
Love this everything was there and didn't have to buy any extras to assemble.
Definitely 5 - she's texting on that thing all day. She focuses and presses the buttons and the phone announces what number it is. Good for symbol recognition and audio reinforcement. She's ready to upgrade I think #iphoneX
I helped my daughter assembled this. The instructions were easy to follow. She used her rechargeable drill and the job was done quickly. It does require 2 people for holding things tightly together while screwing them. My granddaughters played for hours in it and especially loved filling the sinks/basins with water. They are 5 and 6 so the patio is a bit short for them, but it really didn't seem to matter. It is very sturdy.
My daughter loved getting her own pink gun and bug to match her brother.
Exactly what I was looking for! These will be gifts to my grandchildren who have discovered an ingenious way of depleting Grandpa's rolled coin collection - pressing pennies at every place we take them!
Costume for my grandson.
Bought for a concert for my daughter, she loved it
Awesome all in one slime kit. I grabbed this one for my daughter who is absolutely obsessed with slimming but after seeing how complete the set is and her excitement I will definitely be grabbing a few more to gift at Christmas time
Held a Glo-Co HoCo for the school. We wanted plenty of glow sticks for the kids to wear. These packs of glow sticks worked perfectly!
This much bigger than we expected. Bought one for one of our 4 year old granddaughter it was such a hit we bought one for our other granddaughter.
Came quick. Works as it should but I think 20kg is a push though.
My granddaughter loves and enjoys so much playing wit it!
Perfect for price! My kids love playing PJ Masks with these.
My son loves this in combo with the X-Wing. Great for teaching kids to read and follow instructions. My son is 3 1/2 and was able to assemble most of the pieces.
My daughter loves this dress. She wears it everyday. Unfortunately the music piece is not replaceable so once that wears out you need to get a whole new dress.
I am a crazy cat collector - of real and stuffed toy cats. Little Bunny Sue Roux is one of the cutest kitties to join my collection. The toy is about 11 inches tall and 6 inches wide. Since I can't meet the real one in person, this toy is the next best thing. Well made and just adorable. She sits on my desk and keeps me company 5 days a week.
The price was the best. They are very flimsy but the colors were very nice quality. We used them to create a table runner and placemats. I would have loved to use them elsewhere but wasn't able to since there is no support.
This is a blast! Something to do other than going out to eat
My 8 year old nephew LOVES these military men. They are great quality and he really enjoys playing with them
Made a perfect gift!
This was a christmas gift for my 10 year old grandson. He loved it. I would'nt let him climb my walls with it so I dont know how that worked out. It seemed to be a quality car for the money.
Adorable Red Ranger costume. The fit was perfect and he loved it!
I liked that we got a variety of color combinations. The back side has is velvety soft. Both my son an daughter loved them. I think flipping the sequins has a calming effect on then.
I have a 20 month old granddaughter who LOVES this set. She "cooks" throughout the day and feels like such a big girl. The pots and pans are so realistic and made so well I'm sure she will be able to enjoy them for years. Many thanks
I love this! If you love the out doors this is the perfect present. It truly gets the kids out and play. My kido that got this played for hours outside with this toy. I truly love all of their products. I have bought things in the past and from this company and I have been very please each time. Love this!
Been using with each meal for my pup and he loves the taste of it! The reason I got it is because he would freak out whenever someone would come over to the house. The first time someone came over he was a lot more mellow!
My son loves them. But you have to be careful not to break them. They resisted so far.
This is the perfect size for a bathtub toy as well as a toy in the pool. Not large enough for any child to sit or ride on but great to play with.
This is my first drone! Great fun, about 15 minutes flying time for full charge but it worth to getting and other batteries !The drone was easy to learn its controls, and little sensitive need get used to. I Very pleased that I selected this unit!
I had to return the first one and had no trouble doing so. The replacement bike came in good condition. It is perfect for my 3 year old grandson.
SO cute! Well made and adorable.
Perfect, great sizes too
Sorry for the late review. Box came in grrat condition and product was as advertised. Wish it came faster but it came which matters most. Brother was so happy. It isn't easy to get these. Not many trust worthy merchants. Thank you.
Great set of flashlights for a good price! I even dropped one on concrete a couple of times and haven't had any issues with it.
I was so Satisfied when I got the box. I have everything I need for my daughter Birthday party. It's came in beautiful box and so nice and organized. We can't wait for the celebration.
great quality, works as described, would buy again
Great quality, and a fantastic price! My 3 year old loves puzzles. The quality of the pieces is superb, nice and sturdy! I'll definitely be purchasing more puzzles from this company.
My 6 month old granddaughter loves this toy. The pieces move along the bars and clink clank a bit to make her happy. She can easily hold this toy, move the pieces and teeth on the bars.
Bought these for decorating my son's 1st birthday table display!!! Looked perfect!!! My son will be 2 in April and still loves the stuffed animals. They are very high quality
I got this for my friend for Christmas, but I know she will love it! The box art is beautiful! I love how it came in a large plastic bag to keep it damage free. It got here fast and no hassle. Thanks!!
Great collectable! The plush is well made, something to expect from Funko. The plush is kid friendly, and very colourful, and adorable, something you don't often get with most Five Night's at Freddy's plushies.
Great toy very durable my son was very happy I thought the pants were very funny
I bought these as a gift for a med student and he was in love with them. For the price I wish they were bigger since they are quite small. Overall its a fun product.
HOURS of fun. This is hands down the BEST toy I have bought for my two year old. The neighbor kids ages 2 to 10 love to come over and play with them as well. Even my 13 year olds love playing with the blocks and their little sister and building things for her. They often build cages to put her in, but that's another story. And it's fun for adults too. What I love about this product is how QUICKLY you can build a house, fence, maze, chair, etc. Instant fort! Of course my two year old can't really build anything yet, but she loves playing in whatever we create. I've included photos in my review and you can see that these blocks are stable enough for small kids (with parental supervision) to stand on. I had to buy a second set. One set is definetely not enough! I often bring these blocks with me to parties. They're a great icebreaker for that awkward children's birthday situation where you don't know anyone. If you're looking to buy a fort or giant building kit, THIS is the one to get.
I absolutely loved it! Perfect for a night of bar hopping on my birthday :)
my grandson has so much fun with the balloons and its so easy to use
Perfect for my mom who is starting to have vision problems. She uses it for reading the newspaper and for crafting. Lightweight and has a built in light too.
Good condition of a rapid response in the order great addition to my collection
Nicely painted and enough detail. Used these in my preschool room for our insect study. Held up to the use of 18 kiddos for four months and still in great condition.
Fun toy. Not hard to figure out how to operate. Great price
Very easy to fly , if your kinda new at it make sure you wait til the remote links to the sats. That makes it very easy to control. Takes a few minutes sometimes. So far it's worked very well. Although I taped my GoPro to it and when I turned on the GoPro WiFi, the drone got way out of control and crashed. Without the GoPro WiFi it ran fine and got good footage. Only problem I'm really having is the camera says it's recording but the SD card never has any footage on it..... that's why I velcroed the GoPro on it. Can't seem to find any help online at this point
Easy set up and easy storage, I can monitor the kids play tunnel by watching the mesh areas. My 4-year-old grandson is thrilled with this ball pits tent, and he loves stay inside to play. I'll purchase another one to my granddaughter from this seller because they offer the great quality and inexpensive price!
Basically what I was expecting but a little flatter than I thought it would be.
Great quality and spin.
Bought for my daughter's Biography Fair. She's 10 and was Clara Barton. She did not wear bonnet but we got her a nurses cap with a Red Cross on the front and it went really well. Paired it with her beat up old brown cowboy boots and she looked great. Not too cheaply made. Recommend.
This is one of our favorite puppets we own!
Fun, simple game for 2 players. Creative concept. Easy to learn and explain. Surprisingly strategic. A good time. Very re-playable.
Received product as described.
These work really well. They have a lot of gumption. The colors are super bright and fun. They are a good size. Bigger than matchbox cars but still small enough to throw in the diaper bag. These are my daughters fav toys when we go out to eat. They keep her occupied which is wonderful.
I had looked far and wide for a set of cowboys and Indians for my grandson to play with along with his Lincoln Logs. This set fit the bill. He loves that the people can ride the horses. The teepee, canoe, covered wagon, stagecoach, fence pieces, and cook fire add to his enjoyment. I love seeing him use his imagination rather than staring at a television screen.
Very plush & a nice size for my 3 year old grandson. He likes to sleep with him every night!
The detail and price were great. I had one already and gifted to my brother and then got another one right away.
Cute party favors. Seem to be pretty good quality. perfect for little hands to write in!
Easy for kids to use. Is perfect for my 5 year old.
We hid these outside in Easter.
My kids really like it but I think it's a dumb. no my kids really like it but it's the most frightening thing I've ever seen. Seams well made though
Wonderful product - lots of fun to assemble and a great likeness! Shipping was fast & everything arrived in perfect shape!
My 4-year-old grandson LOVES this. The cars and dinosaurs make it!
I surprised with the big size block when I received the package. My nephews love them. They built super high towers, houses with it. This toy comes with bag and easy to store it. I recommend it to boys.
My two year old granddaughter LOVES this! It's colorful and gives her lots of hours of fun!
Loved this decoration looks exactly like picture
This drone is well worth the money. I bought this for my 12 y.o. granddaughter and she loves it. It takes great video and holds up really well to the normal drops and accidental wrecks.
I bought it for my boyfriend as new year present. It's an nice product for novice, cheap for price compare with DJI, and easy for controlling. It's better for make video on wilderness and can fly fast. Also, the red and green light on the front and back leg can help you easily certificate the direction to move on.
Recently purchased item for my 5 year old and she's in love it. This product is actually small enough to fit in the room and doesn't take a lot of space. It comes with a miniature grill and some of the material needed like as in a BBQ, but in a more safety version for kids. I will highly recommend this idea to buy as a gift during Christmas or just a birthday occasion.
Great toys for hours of fun for my granddaughter. Sparks the imagination, too!
Super cute toy. My grandson loves it.
My daughter loves it
Great product! Great price!
Love this so much! I got this for our granddaughter's first birthday and she loves it. We have to go for a walk everyday she is here. It rolls great over most terrain. The only thing I can't roll through easily is thick pea gravel but other than that we go everywhere with this thing.
This was what I ordered and it's what I received.
Grandson gets a lot of hours of enjoyment with these. Can be used on most hot wheel tracks.
great quality. love the lettering and the design around the edges. cant wait to decorate with them. speedy delivery
Granddaughter loved it. She opened a play restaurant with all the favorites and we enjoyed the fruit. :-)
Bought these as a step up from the standard chunky puzzles and it's been fun watching my 21 month old trying to figure them out. Perfect size for his little hands.
I bought this for my niece. She really likes it. She asked for a sticker book but i got her this instead. She has forgotten all about a sticker book.
They look great and and very fun to run on the table. I only have one squad but I believe running two would be really fun.
Granddaughter loved them
Great product. Was exactly as I expected it would be. Only thing to keep in mind that it is hard to see out of the mask when it is dark and the lights are on, but that's to be expected.
The child likes the robot. He plays with him constantly and the doesn't get tired of it. All functions are as claimed. I note the good quality of the plastic. The robot fell several times and was not damaged. The child is delighted that the toy has lighting effects. Buying this robot caused us only positive emotions. If your child is interested in robots, then this toy will totally become their favorite. This toy can make play time even more fun, launch complex mechanisms and create your own story. This is a toy of the future!
My niece asked for a ton of these for her birthday. She loved them all and was so surprised with each new one she got!
quality construction, runs smooth and looks great
Filthy. I love it. Game play was fun. I bought this for my wife as a gift. She says it is her new favorite card game.
Really cute doll and loved by my granddaughter who loves Equestria dolls. All of these are very good quality
Put these in a small plastics swimming pool, and put it in a kids tent. My 2 year old grand daughter is in heaven and the ball are contained, lovely.
My son hates tummy time! This mat has made all of the difference. He loves playing with the water and making all of the sea creatures move around. I wish I would have gotten this sooner to help him enjoy the tummy time experience more!
My 2 year old granddaughter LOVED her new easel and couldn't wait to start! I was trying to get over the fact that it would be covered in paint, but pair this easel with washable paint and there's no mess! Plenty of storage space for paint bottles. Easel wiped clean and it's the perfect size for a toddler. Such a joy to watch my princess make her masterpieces!
These animals are even better than I expected! Perfect for a 4 year old who loves animals and is constantly learning. Great detail, sturdy, seem like they will last for many years. Super impressed. Would definitely buy from Bailey again.
Nice size and clear.
Got this for my child's birthday. She is a huge fan of sharks and shark week. It was perfect. Good size and super soft.
My niece loves this toy!
Item received was exactly as described. My sun loves to enjoy his snacks off his new Paw Patrol tray. I would have liked the tray legs to have a locking mechanism but it still gets the job done.
Having lots of family fun with this!
these stickers are hilarious. i actually bought these as a holiday white elephant gift and ended up keeping them for myself! i've used them at the office and home and nothing is better than seeing the confusion and laughter when someone would actually follow the sticker directions. stickers are high quality, stick really well but are easy to remove when you have to. left no residue behind which is great. i highly recommend, it's beem endless fun!
Best gift for kids, this fluffy toy really listens and repeats every word you say in a funny voice, my little daughter always laughs out loud.
These are adorable and my girls LOVE them for their Barbies! They fit a regular Barbie quite well! The girls also love how colorful the dresses are!
great item great price. Fast delivery, well packaged
I bought this for my dogs to sleep in,in my living room!
It was for my great granddaughter, and she loved it.
very pleased with product
Heavy, durable Little People family. Baby doesn't come out of carrier and the carrier has the typical Little People bottom. Daughter love the mama, papa and baby.
I originally bought this for my kids, but the moment I opened it. I started to play with it. It was just relaxing to me. I found myself just letting it roll up and down my arm all the time. Until the kids saw it, then it was all there's. I must purchase another maybe 2 so everyone can have there own. Great toy for the kiddos and smoothing relaxing toy for the parents.
It's really easy to add and replace quarters and the designs are great. Wonderful quality and I wish they made other folders for other coin series
A very well built product and it works perfectly. I also like that the glass can be removed for cleaning or putting in different magnification. It's a great magnifying glass and lamp.
I like the ease of using. He sits on it and gets to still feel the water.
Seemed way too fragile. Saw it in Walmart for much less.
My son loves this costume and he feels like a real ninja in it. He's almost 5 and it fits him great, I definitely think it could be too big on a kid younger than 4.5
Good quality. Typical size. Neat packaging. Kids will love them. Adults with smaller wrists will too.
You get a lot of assorted window clings in this pack, the price is awesome for what you get, and you can toss this after using without feeling any quilt about the cost. The clings were all very easy to use, includes both winter and christmas designs, so if you don't celebrate christmas, you can just skip over those items and still have plenty to work with. There is no smell, no sticky residue after use, no adhesive on the cling, and I highly recommend this for a fuss free decor option.
These little eggs work wonders for potty training a stubborn toddler!
Great, my grand daughter loves I and it was a thank you for her help.
After a lot of stress and wait I did receive the dice. Very well made and my Son is playing D&D and loves the dice
Having a horror themed party for my fiancé and this will be perfect!
Fast Shipping, Will Buy From Again!!! Great Durable product!! A+++++++
Novel style. A responsive robot toy. With sensing function. Sturdy material.Children like it very much.
My 21 month old loves these little bears! The entire family can play with her using the dice and she loves it. This is a great item for teaching little ones their colors and how to count. I would highly recommend!!
I bought this for kids and i love it . It is perfect for this coming valentines day. The cards are pretty it comes with instant tatoo. Love it definetely recommend this to anybody.
Love this magnetic animals set! Excellent quality! Animal pictures are cute and bright, and each of them comes with the name. My kid is having a lot of fun through learning. Highly recommend it!
This is our first drone and I wasn't expecting it to be that great but I was pleasantly surprised! It's so fast and durable lol. I need that bc it's my 4 year old flying it! We are super excited about this purchase!
Love this product. Wish it was a foot pedal instead (easier for the little one) but he will learn soon enough.
This Ravensburger zoo puzzle is so cute. The pieces are the shapes of the animals. The back side has finger holes to poke out the pieces from the main picture. Kids love poking out the pieces.
Came in great condition and with the collector cards!
Everything fits perfect. Exactly what I was looking for. It's not a hard case. Plenty of space and pockets to carry all of my accessories.
They are gorgeous, natural stone and the perfect size! I can't wait to make my own board for these.
My little one absolutely love this stool. We bought it for potty training our 3 year old but he uses it for just about everything! It's very sturdy but not that heavy (my 3yo carries it wherever he intends to use it). Great for potty training, washing hands, brushing teeth, reaching the light switch, helping mom cook, or trying to get things off the counters. He feels so independent using it. I don't care where it is in my house because it's very visually pleasing. Wipes clean very well also.
Good quality toys. Safe for children use. Recommend
Perfect for my boy, light but sturdy enough
Awsome kids had a blast
Great puzzle. Great quality, beautiful picture. If you don't like puzzles with odd shaped pieces this one may not be for you. I thought this was going to be too easy but having the fun shapes added to the challenge.
This has been a huge hit at the pool. I think at one point we had 6 kids on it! Seriously most the huge floaty we get die after a week at the pool. But this one has stood it's ground and been lasting for weeks. It's still the favorite too. And even mommy has taken it for a relaxing spin.
Very good quality. My son loved it.
Remarkable quality/quantity of product for the price. Kids loved it.
Was a favorite stocking item for the 8 yr old
Awesome statue, very detailed, must have for a street fighter fan!!!
This product really is fantastic to have and is great quality and is safe for such a cheap price.
My son likes it very much because this is his choice good quality
Yep for the easel we bought for the grand kids. Extra paper rolls, you know how kids are.
This is a great pretend makeup set. Feels high quality and like it will hold up well.
This was a gift to a grandson, age 7, who spent a good part of Christmas Day and his school vacation assembling this and other kits he received. He loves this stuff.
It's the best quality I've ever seen! I love it, and my daughter was speechless and still didn't stop playing with it!
This deck makes having important conversations with friends and family really approachable and fun! I can't wait to play this with my family over the holidays!
...but they should be. This game was an absolute THRILL. I really like that it sort of requires roleplaying, too.
It was great. Met all my expectations
Great quality puzzle pieces and a beautiful challenging photo
This game is spectacular fun! Really good for a laugh with friends or family. We wind up laughing so hard we cry almost every round. There's nothing super raunchy, but there is definitely an adult twist to the "After Dark" version. I highly recommend this game!
My niece loved it! Thanks!
This has flexible hands and feet and makes sounds. Son loves it
These are so much fun!! My Little One loves these!!
Pretty cool to see these jump ropes made with wood and actual rope...not plastic. Bought them for grandkids and they enjoyed them. Would recommend them definitely.
Son loves and works with Owen Jurassic world figures which was a must
Plastic cup, good for dive playing
Small but super cute! :)
This watch keeps kids entertained and is small enough to bring along and not be in the way.
We have had this little guy a few years. We have a big Schleich collection and the dogs and puppies are always a favorite!
Great tool for children.
Very easy and surprisingly big visual impact for the party!
This bag made almost 18 gallons of beads. The color of the beads are just like the photo and worked perfectly. I used them in a preschool classroom. The kids loved it, the teachers loved having a “water” activity with no mess. Parents loved that it was non toxic.
Cat took two weeks to figure out how to open it by himself. Now I have to keep it in a closed cupboard at night.
My seven year old has a lot of fun playing with this Jeep. She's used it indoors & outdoors. No issues at all.
My daughter loves it!
Very nice playground ball. seems to be durable with a little weight to it which is nice. It reminds me of school gym class.
It was purchased for a Christmas gift. It looks fine, I'm sure the kids will love it.
This was a Christmas gift and our granddaughter loved it. No bad reviews
This guys is hilarious. The smarmy English accent is the topping on the cake. I know this is filled with cheap electronics and will likely break before the year is out but it's worth it.
When I received this unit, it lights up, make noise, but the wheels do not spin. I thought it was a dud, but then I changed the batteries!, now the wheels spin and it works great. So if yours doesn't move, try changing the batteries. Hopefully this will help someone else.
Nephews loved it for Christmas!
Our son got us this game for Christmas and it was the hit of the season. Innovative, entertaining, strategy game where you upgrade the faces of your dice. Really fun. We've played it many many times and taught it to others.
These are the coolest! My niece went crazy when she saw them. The are bright and cheery and fun!!! Great for parties for the lil ones. Fast shipping, and great product.
This Beyblade is awesome and cool. It spins really fast. Comes with a really cool launcher. I recommend you get one, you'll be glad you did! Let it rip!!!!!!!!! MJ, age 7
Bought for a friend for her grandchild, very good quality.
She loves it. The fit is perfect and the color is true to the photo. AND, she's sleeping in it, as we speak!
So cute and my niece loves it!
Christmas gift for my son who loves Alien.. He loved it.. Wrapped around his bedpost , ready to strike
All the kids that live in my neighborhood came over and we blew up the baby shark balloons and put them in a kiddie pool and they had so much fun for hours. These balloons are so colorful and each one has a different baby shark on it. Great buy for many days of blowing up baby shark balloons.
Great for my newphew who loves to collect them
What a neat wonderful wireless toy for my boys, they love it. It's lightweight . I had a good time just watching my son with it and then I did it myself. The colorful flashing lights inside the ball add more fun to it too.
It's exactly as described. Legit Lego Minifigure.
This STEM kit is a Christmas gift for my 10-year-old son. He loves building with legos, and we wanted him to have some different types of toys to work with. I love the riveted look of the finished products, and the way they are to be assembled. I like that the instruction booklet will help teach my son the importance of following directions CAREFULLY, if you want your finished product to look and work like the picture. I am excited to see how this building kit helps him to learn and grow, all in the spirit of fun!
U WANT HAVE FUN OUTSIDE AND INSIDE AS A ADULT OF KID THIS FOR U ! SO FUN AND EASY TO PLAY AND FAST !!!!!!
It's so precious and lovely with the lights. It makes an amazing prop for our sleep under birthday party!
Very strong. accurate length as described. holds the large swing with several kids on it with ease.
I bought this for my grandson's 10th birthday. Some of the instructions are confusing and it is much smaller than I had thought but it is pretty cool. Unfortunately, he preferred the nurf guns instead.
This was an welcome addition to our annual Easter Egg Hunt. The product withstood some strong wind that day. The colors are as pictured.
Gave this to my 3 year old granddaughter. She enjoyed carrying her babies with her.Granddaughter just turned 3 and is very tall. Would not suggest getting it for someone younger because the child would sit on it.She can carry her around everywhere now. Easy to adjust straps.
This is a good drawing board. It's a great size for my 4 year old's lap, and a little big on my 2 year old's. Doesn't matter to him though! They will fight over who gets to play with it. I love the storage spots on the back for the included magnets. They're easy to pop in & out. The board itself is divided into colors so when you draw it changes color as you move from one color "grid" to the other. The eraser is easy to slide back and forth and both kids can do it without help. The only thing I wish was different is getting the board in other colors besides purple.
This is a very cool game! Old school game takes me back to my arcade days. My kids love it too.
Well made but a little smaller than expected
Grandson loved this.
Exactly as described. My daughter loves playing with the light up stuffed animal. Works perfectly.
Cool stuff and shipped super fast!
Such a cute family of rabbits. My daughter loves rabbits and loves playing with this cute little set. My only concern is that the tails seem very likely to get pulled off at some point.. especially by little brother. Hopefully that doesn't happen but only time will tell.
My 3 year old daughter loves this kit. Several pieces to keep her busy. Only downside is, I have become a full time patient to my 3 year old.
Cute costume, quality isn't top notch, basically thin polyester and glitter, but who cares for one night.
My niece loved her present... she is nearly 3 and can easily use it... It's made of good quality...
This is my sons favorite fnaf character & he loved it more in person. Size is perfect & it's so soft! He loves it so much!
Packaged horribly, but love them.
My daughter LOVES THIS
Cute toy, got this to go with the Sea Patroller we have our son for Christmas. He loves the lights.
Graduation is a big deal. It is a right of passage that marks the transition from childhood into adulthood. Truely a major celebration with family and friends. These cards are a good way for everyone to participate in the festivities.
Yes yes yes!!!! My daughter loves it and it is a great size!!!!!
Very cute doll. Great quality! Used as a prop at school.
these cups are so cute. Worked well for my grandson's third birthday party as favors.
Used for making lotion bars. Cute paw shape. Easy to use & the lotion bars released well, maintaining paw shape and detail. Good value.
Bought this for my niece and she loved it!
This is the second time I bought this bed for my boy and he loves it it fits him perfectly he takes it from a chair to a sofa every time he goes to bed it stands up the test of time the only thing that it finally fell apart after washing it at least 20 times
I was very happy with my purchase. I ordered the Littlest Pet Shop and they came unopened and had a variety. There are no guarantees when you order Blind "bag" toys, but I'm happy I took a risk and ordered.
I purchased this for a White Elephant Gift party. It was the absolute hit of the party. It worked perfectly. I was surprised with the quality of the packaging as the picture on-line does it no justice. It looks and feels like a real quality jewelry box which just added to the surprise.
I collect action figures and he goes great with my superman collection
The thing was adorable! Got it before the estimated date. The guys loved it!
My daughter has absolutely adored this set. It has given her endless hours of fun and distraction! And what makes it even better is that theres no mess because everything in the set is 100% fake.
It was perfect just what my granddaughter wanted
Great product easy to assemble easy to use
Bought two sets kids love it
I like it a lot. The quality of the piano is awesome. The size is perfect for toddlers. it sounds really good and has a great collection of melodies.
Very nice and the kids love it
Easy to put together
Kids of any age will love to make things with these. My grandson is 9 he loves leggos and we saw these at a doctors office. He loves these
What kid doesn't like a toy in an egg? It was great for Easter egg hunt !!kids loved them !
Purchased this as a gift for a friend and she loved it!
The best thing about this little splash pad is that I can adjust the height of the water by turning the pressure up or down. My there year old won't tolerate water in his face but he wants to play in the sprinklers so this is great. It's not a super thick heavy vinyl do we'll see how it goes up to two boys this summer.
A MUST if you are invested into crypto. Clean design! Many people ask me about it when they see it in my office. If you want to get more people into crypto currency this is the perfect way to do it!
So cute and excellent quality.
My daughter loves this item!
My child loves garbage trucks so this was a perfect gift to give. It comes with two garbage bins and the back of the truck opens up. You can lift the bins with the arms and dump the garbage in the truck. This truck provides endless fun. Do be careful with the lift arms as it is pretty thin and it can break. Other than this, it's a great addition of toys to play with.
I ordered this product after seeing a friends photo of her daughters using it. It was the best $20 something investment I made last winter! We got hit with a lot of snow, which means tons of snow days where this mom had to figure out how to keep a 4 and 6 year old busy! My girls had a blast creating blocks for forts using the mold, and creating beautiful colored snowballs to throw at each other :) I am ordering a few extra ones this year to use as gifts for nieces and nephews!
OMG I love the Andy Warhol Soup cans I get so excited when I get one can't wait to see what's inside of the can . All I can say about him is they are addicting and I need more.
Quick delivery and love the targets.
Extendable handlebar. The wheels turn by putting weight to that side. If you go fast enough, the wheels light up! Bought it for my 3 year old.
This bridge was a great addition this year, I needed something to string an electrical wire over the train tracks. My nine year old granddaughter. put it together for me.
My grandson loves it
This was a gift for my grandson. He was so disappointed because there were no lights or sounds as it said on the box. The drill only turned one way. Not happy with it at all.
My kids went nuts when we got this in the mail. It is very easy to work with and the best part is that it's air dry and I don't have to bake it. It came with Very bright colors which is a big plus. I really like that it came with accessories to use. I only wish we were talented enough that our animals looked like the one in the picture!
Allot of pieces (but I knew that when I bought it) this track is awesome and the kids have so much fun creating different areas for the vehicle! My kids absolutely love it!
Great colors. Easy to draw a masterpiece.
These were the perfect addition to make the perfect cake for my grandson!
It was a great gift idea!
I will be using this product for my boy's birthday party. I love the individual bags with goodies inside. Overall great product.
I like this set because it works.......the track is easy to move around to change the layout, it rolls up for easy storage, and the cars really move at a satisfying clip and they light up. I initially thought the track lit up too, and altho that was disappointing, it didn't change the appreciation/fun level of the set. I gave one set to my grandson to take home and am keeping the 2nd set here to play with when he visits.
My sons absolute favorite thing. Such a high quality bear. Shortly after receiving it, my son had a bout with the stomach flu and this bear was in the wrong place at the wrong time if you catch my drift. We threw it in the washing machine with our fingers crossed and it came out good as new (air-dried).
Great product, keeps the kids busy, even entertaining for grown ups!
Super cute, had a long time. Great quality for the price
Hilarious! A little bent in some places because of packaging but they will come out eventually. Can't wait to wear this to a convention!
Good material and super cute!
This is a fun game. My family enjoyed it very much.
Grandson loved. Great quality
Awesome Buzz! Grandson loved it!
They were a great addition to a birthday surprise.
Made a 5 year old granddaughter very happy
Great quality, i love playing on it with the kids!
Very cute. My granddaughters love stickers and will love these books for Christmas!
The bulldog I ordered is very soft and snuggly! Would order it again for sure!
My daughter has a weird obsession with trains so I bought this so she could see one up close. She absolutely loves this thing. We also use rechargeable batteries in it and have yet to have to recharge them even though it's played with so much. If this one breaks i'll definitely be replacing it.Shipped quick and a beautiful little train.
My 5 and 7 year olds love this game. The extra minion specific card makes it extra special.
Brings memories back when I was a kid
It came right on time I love it goes great with my collection!
Exactly as described
These are a little smaller then I thought but perfect for the kids
Very easy set up and a lot of fun. Very good price
Easy set up. Will recommend
This is my third drone from Force 1 and no complaints . They are all have excellent quality . Next time I think we can blindly go for any product from Force 1
Best dice ever? ...no. they're $10. But! Very good to keep cor new players, guests, counters, etc! The pouches are very nice (and honestly worth the $10 on their own), with each little bag just big enough to hold 2 sets. I plan to buy this again and put a double set of each color into each little bag for new players, and use the spare bags for minis. Until you can treat yourself to a good high-quality set, these are a great value.
Kid loves it. Great price!
It is Pac-Man. It goes on a keychain. What is not to love?
We love this set! We got it for my two-year-old daughter as a fun way to begin to learn her name and simple words. The letters and the magnetic board are great quality. And the animals are very appealing and fun to look at! Our daughter played with this for a good half hour, which is A LOT for her - she likes to run around and doesn't sit still much. We expect that she will enjoy it for a long time to come.
Nice set of Troll! colors are bright! A lot of toys - children like!! Good quality and looks realistic! Include 2 pcs character as a keychain! I like it!
Cute and detailed. The skirt is a little big in my 2-year-old daughter, even with the velcro fastener. Bit I loved it anyway.
This is a nice yoyo. It is good for looping tricks which most butterfly shaped yoyo's are not. It is narrower than other butterfly shaped yoyo's so doing string tricks for a beginner may be harder. The sleep time is very good. To keep it working well use a thick yoyo lubricant. The thin lube will make it less responsive. It comes with extra friction pads which a lot of yoyo's do not. Just make sure not to get yoyo lubricant on them as they might swell and not fit properly.
Perfect set. Shipped fast and exactly what we wanted and expected!
Cute bought for my puppy
My daughter loved this!! It's cool that it lights up too!
I recently purchased the snow what party set and it is what I expected and more. They are perfect!!! My daughter is so excited to use them in her upcoming birthday party.
Both my son & daughter like snapping the beads together & making creations, snakes, chains, etc.
These little dinosaur eggs are so cute. I gave a few eggs to my 3year old grandson to hatch. He was so thrilled to put them in the water. Then his little face lit up with joy when they hatched. I can't wait to add the rest of the eggs to all the grand kids Easter baskets. These are so much fun!
My kids have so much fun playing on this splash pad. Hours of fun but you just do have to be careful setting it up. I had a hard time connecting the hose piece but husband fixed it and got it working. I can't keep the kids off it.
I was looking for a larger bamboo cutting board and came upon these. Now I have a variety of sizes and the quality of them is super. They wash up like a breeze. I will use the mineral oil when they seem to need it. Very happy with my purchase.
Love these. Now the kids can play outside and I can hear them and call for dinner.
Adorable! A perfect little addition to my plush collection
Got this as a gift for my grandson who just turned 4 and he LOVES it. Of course I got 2 Walter, the Farting Dog books since he loves to read. He got 2 Ninjago LEGO sets as he is into them as well BUT the Farting Walter stole the show!
It was well worth it!!!
Our son loves this costume, I don't, necessarily because the picture online makes it appear to be a shiny and body fitting costume but it is not. The shiny part is actually white designs and not necessarily body fitting. It is padded which I do like.
Really happy with this purchase cannot wait until my son opens this on Christmas morning
Only reason for 4 stars is because its TOO big to fly alone! But I did look for a big one! Come to think of it, It is a 5 star kite just know its hard to launch alone.
My granddaughter full of joy on Christmas Day, seeing it is worth every penny. It was her favorite gift for Christmas. Just maybe this will encourage her to consider the Healthcare Profession.
my grandson is a big Thomas fan- loves this toy
the vest has adjustable straps on the side to fit.Good value for the price.
I ordered this set for my son's 3rd birthday and he wanted to open up everything before it was even his party! He loved everything, from the food and dessert plates to the durable wooden cutlery with little dinosaur footprints. The banner and table cover were so cute that he even wanted to hang them in his room. All in all, great party set and the birthday boy especially loved it!
It is exactly what I was looking for. I loved it so much I got an Army one for my best friend.
Bought for the kiddos (patients) at work. They loved the tatoos!
My 3 year old has learned his numbers n even math by using the double number dominoes! Only thing the 9 and the 6 confuse him but that's not the company's fault
Bought this for my sister for Christmas and she loved it!! It has two buttons on the bottom that allow you to turn it on and change colors. It has a variety of different colors. Works great.
The kids really like them
My son is 9 and saved up for this because he is obsessed with titanic. He loves it and has it displayed in his room now. It took him 3 days and little help from an adult to put together.
My kiddos love the tent...we keep it out every evening and have the kids play..fits almost 4 kids. They love going in and out. Can be stored by rolling into a roll and kept inside.
Such a great deal!!!! Such beautiful quality chess pieces! They are not too little, the magnets work very good and I am so glad I bought!
Absolutely adorable!
It worked and it came on time :)
great quality and a great hit at a four year olds unicorn themed party.
Arrived on time and come on.... its Pam!
Great novelty bags, perfect for our daughter's Halloween party. These are super easy to fill with various cold liquids. It comes with instructions and a clamp for each bag to keep liquid from escaping out of the tube. I printed customizable stickers off of my Cricut. Depending on how full the bag is, it will change the shape. I love these so much that I am ordering more for next year.
The tiger was a gift. It was the right size, has a harder nose and the detail is great.
The kids LOVED these. So many different options for them! And wonderful for the price.
I was just thinking if I'll be able to learn it quickly. It arrived in the evening and I started to work with it this morning to record some videos. I Wasn't able to handle it perfectly at the start, but after some trys I was able to have better control over it. I am currently editing the video I recorded from it and will share it in some time.
I bought this for my nephew. It's easy to use & takes decent pics/videos
My parents love this! Easier to see
I wanted something for my toddler who just turned 3 that he could ride inside our home because he's another trike is really big and takes a lot space. The quality os this one is great and it folds its easy to carry it.
Kids loved this game & once over I was able to peel off the horns & the birthday girl kept the unicorn as a poster!
I bought this for my son's to make for their grandmother for mother's day. I had each of them paint one of the clay pieces. Once dry, I or them together, following instructions. Turned out really cute!
Purchased this as a parcel opener for my daughters birthday. Product arrived quickly. Good robust packaging. Nice small conveniently sized camera. Perfectly sized. Easy to use and very quick to charge. Comes with a neck lanyard and other accessories. Product is pretty quick to learn for young children to get use. My wee daughter just loves it.
Beautiful shooters! Will be buying more!
An awesome chess set for less than 30 bucks. It folds up for easy travel. I've had it less than a week, and my son and I have got out money's worth out of it. Don't be afraid just buy it.
Super cute and as expected
This is an excellent drone. I bought it as a gift to my 20 year old son and he loves it. He is really happy with it, and tells everybody to buy this drone.
We got it for our daughter's birthday party but couldn't wait that long. It's sooooo adorable and makes so many bubbles. Our 11 month old daughter loves it!!! It would make a perfect gift as well
These are great batteries at a great price, Thanks!
my kids are having a lot of fun with it!
Good quality, comes with 5 bits. Works great for pinning miniatures, and the price is right.
Very excited with this set, very fast delivery!
I bought this for Toys for Tots Fund at Christmas. It seems to be soft and cuddly like a young child might like.
Price was right and the kid loved it
Works well- holds the air. Quality is decent and my daughter loves her new floating device
My wife is going to love this. I bought her a real 79 Trans Am as a surprise for her birthday and this is an exact replica
Was hoping my 1 year old grandson would be interested. He was'nt, my 3 year old was.
Our grandkids enjoy playing with it
They were great for the value. Even better if you use a dab of spirit gum to make sure they stay on.
My daughter loves her other mats so this was a great addition to have as a back up. So much fun without any mess
Perfect for parties!
My baby loves the baby gym. As soon as I lay her down on it her eyes light up with joy and there is a smile from ear to ear. She laughs and giggles and has the best time with it. Honestly, great gift for any mom or great for your own child too. The babies love it! This product is 5 stars
Excellent product! Really magical! Makes one so happy! Love it!!
I have purchased this toy twice now and have been so excited to give it as a gift each time. The 2-5 year olds especially loved it, but the parents also enjoyed playing with this toy. It holds their attention for an extended amount of time, which I really like. I highly recommend this one. It's my new go-to gift for the age group.
My kids love it! It has smile face and crying face. So much fun to play this!
I normally never write reviews, but this product has helped me a lot with outdoor walks. The product is great. I bought it for my 1 year old and he loves it. He hates all other strollers, so walks at the mall and park were impossible. This stroller allows me to maneuver the handle bars, while also allowing my kid to hold the handle bars. It is also helps that it comes with extra pedals for kids that cannot reach the front wheel pedals. I'm glad that our family friend recommended this product.
Best costume ever! Product is very good quality!
Recieved in time, exactly as pictured..no complaints! Also matched PERFECTLY with the LOL table cloth that I purchased from Walmart!
Christmas gift for my niece she loved it Great size and super soft
We purchased this clay for our granddaughter for Christmas. Now she's ready for more for her Easter basket! She loves this product! Thank you!
Got this set for my 2 1/2 year old niece for Christmas. Out of the endless toys she got this set was all she played with. Love it!
I bought this for a great-grandson and he loved it. His Mom also got caught up in his excitement and joined in putting the puzzle together. What a great puzzle for parents and kids to enjoy together. Challenging enough for my granddaughter to not be bored and still not beyond the abilities of a 7 year-old!
Came in just like I thought they would! Perfect!
Super cute for your bride tribe!!!
The girls loved these for their purge costumes! Great little fake knives.
It's a gift and I think the kids love it. Something I always wanted to have when I'm a child :)
As soon as they came in I put a set of tires on them and they look awesome
Exactly what I was wanting in perfect condition. Thank you so much
Product as described. I bought for my teen daughter and she loved it.
my cat loves these things, loves them
Fabulous quiz buzzer system. No wiring. Sets up in 2 minutes. Used it with kindergarteners and 50 year olds. Both groups loved it！
This was a hit at the party it was perfect. Much bigger than I anticipated
The package of connectors arrived on time and complete. The product is exactly as ordered. My grandson and I will use them in building and flying RC aircraft. Would it be possible for you to e-mail your catalog to me?
I find these to be better then some of my other expensive brands i have bought. Initially from reading the reviews I expected to be a bit disappointed so my hopes were not to high for these. I only received 2 of the same. I did receive a girl color even though I ordered the boy patterns which was even better, I took the risk of hoping to get neutral colors for my daughter and I did it was perfect! As for the liners I do use a thicker liner from a different brand along with the liners that came with these and I have had only 1 or leak accidents. Also, she seems so much more comfortable in these then in her other ones, I just purchased another set (girl patterns this time) because I was so happy with these! No issues! I absolutely love the patterns!!
My 4mo likes looking at the pictures and they're easy for him to grab.
My 11 year old son loves this toy. It is fun to try to come up with a variety of shapes and creatures with it. Very durable, also and a great price!
Will make face painting faster and improve my quality 💕
They're a really good size and colors were just as pictured, not faded or anything like that. Only negative thing is that they're one sided so we had to use 2 cutouts per table center pieces, wish there was the option of buying both single and double sided, other than that my centerpieces are so cute!
bought this for a friend whose schnauzer had just passed away, and it was the perfect gift. it looked just like her, and he loved it! it is super cuddly and soft, and is a nice buddy when my pal misses his dog.
Sounds clever, but we bought this watercraft for the pooch to chase within the water. We have had one or two of these some time recently. I just like the truth that it's super simple to open and change/charge the battery. Pontoon is on the littler side - huge ones are difficult to store. Moreover it's lovely quick for the cost! Turning span is tight, and dual-stick control implies simple to turn the watercraft and alter course. Superior than single-stick. Lightweight implies less strain on the battery. 15 diminutive charge is lovely accurate. Did I say fun pontoon? For sure...
Cute design, This scooter is combination of everything you need for toddler, it's a scooter, ride, bike, you name it. Can be transform into different form. You can play with your kids to.
My grandson loves this train set..the extra track doesn't seem like much to an adult..but kids really notice the longer ride..easy to use and very well made
I bought these for my twin 5 year old daughters! They absolutely love them. They love they are designed for little girls. These are high quality and I love that they come with a hair tie!
These Squishies came on time and were all in the packaging. There were no rips or defects that I saw. The two waffles have sprinkles that do fall off easily but I don't mind. The cookie also feels very realistic! I love these so much 😊
My 3-year-old grandson loves this product.He likes to draw shapes.The quality is very good.Perfect for kids
Extra parts for my son's nerf gun. It arrived in time and it was cheaper here than at the store
Great game with beautiful pieces, got this as Christmas present for a couple of friends and they love it. Game came in adequate packaging.
Great quality and my daughter loved!
Very good toy. Very tuff to.
We are going in to our second summer with this slide. We live in the south so it gets LOTS of use! My 8y old, 3y old, 2y old, & all of their friends have hours of fun on it! It was up all fall/winter & has no mildew on it. Just as good as last year!
A lot of different animals, children are very like, texture is very soft, very good!
My sons loved it, had to buy another one because they fought over it.
Great swing. My grandkids loved it. Thanks. 🇺🇸 Thank You for your service.
Very nice. Went together well by instructions. Looks sturdy enough for my little grandsons!!!
The Amazon description clearly states the size of the balls. While the balls may be small and made of very soft plastic they are perfect for indoor play for my 3 year old. They were exactly what I was wanting.
My daughter loves it.
This may is big enough for my two young kids. They are usually fighting over their toys and who got it first. They were extremely happy to be able to color on their own side and not have to worry about the other crossing over. I found that it dried fairly quick and they didn't have to wait long to start over again.
Grandsons gift. He chews on it
Beautiful card an arrived in perfect condition.
Worked great! These motors are tough and I'll go through water and sand.
Having never flown a drone of any type before, I am quite pleased with this. Right out of the box, all I had to do was charge the battery, install the prop guards and landing struts, sync the controller to it and fly. Very easy to use for a beginner. And with the amount of spare batteries and parts available at reasonable prices, I expect to be flying this for some time.
These are the cutest sequined keychains! Perfect for party favors or anything.
These are so adorable! They arrived packaged well and look just like the picture. I find they glow very well and they're still glowing a few hours later when I get up. I ended up painting a nickel and hot gluing the standing one's (and a few of the sitting ones that were a little wobbly) so that they wouldn't tip over (you could use any kind of base, and the hot glue is easy to pop them off but I didn't want anything super permanent). Great product though and I highly recommend!
This comes in a perfect little container for storage. I'm giving this as a gift and I'm so excited about how cute they are. Cute colors, and great for little babies to teethe on.
Worked great for the end of summer pool party.
This dress is beautiful and fit perfect!! My grandchild loved it!
Great quality paper and very easy to assemble. Looked great at my sons 1st birthday party!
Such a fun game and different every time.
Fun new game in our household, my 6 and 9 year olds love it! Easy and fast paced.
This was the perfect gift for my one year old he just loves it!!
Takes a bit to put it together but that is the fun. Once it is together powers up and moves decently fast. Nice project toy
My granddaughter love the design.
Loved it So educational
We use this thinking putty in our quiet areas in classrooms. The small tins are just the right size...not too big to become a fun toy..kids use the putty to distract themselves from their worries or frustrations, then they return to their tasks.
Very cute, easy to put together but the instructions were not great... but I managed to figure it out. The frame seems pretty flimsy but once you put the canvas over the frame and tie it definitely makes it more stable. My daughter loves it! She loves the lights! I'd definitely buy it again... great product for what you pay.
Can't believe, very good product, my son is 10 months now, it is very suitable to use, I put him in the bathtub to begin to stumble, he likes very much.
Son likes it and use as a model to draw
These were the perfect addition to an office Birthday. I only had one balloon that did not have anything on it. These were really fun.
exactly what I was looking for, Thank you!
I bought this along with some other toys for my nephews. They loved it.
A friend suggested this game and it was so much fun! I'm going to get a second set to play with a larger group.
I purchased one of these for my 9 year old grandson, he loves it and has taken great care of it. It looks delicate, but it really performs. It charges quickly. I purchased another one of these for another grandson who is 10. Very good product for this age range.
Great Drone and easy to fly. Stable flight picking up plenty of GPS satellites and takes high quality pictures and movies. When I had a customer service question I got good info and advice quickly.
good deal for crayons thanks
This is fabulous! It's huge! So much fun for kids volleyball. Nice and sturdy.
Perfect gift, just what I needed to give!
It's so cute! All of the pieces fit together well. The colors are vibrant and the design is adorable. I especially like the inclusion of wasabi punishments (tasks?) though some are a bit odd. It adds an extra level of fun to the classic style of stacking game. I also like the suggestions for various ways you can play the game.
I don't used yet but is perfect 👌
Awesome product and great for creativity. Expensive but really fun having several different sets of varying magformers for the kids to create their own stuff. We often get these out and do challenges with them...best car, best house, best space ship, etc.
It was a nice alternative to PlayDoh as I have small boys who like to not put the Playdoh lids back on and we would have to throw it away. They were still able to build things and it feels really cool. I even found myself entertained by it
Fun game for all ages!
Perfect for a party with a lot of balloons
My 1-year old who loves vehicles was obsessed with this puzzle for a good 3-4 months. He occasionally will still play with the puzzle pieces and make them move or make noises. This was my son's first puzzle and it helped him gain skills to do others - the pegs on the puzzles really helped him easily rotate/move the puzzles around till they fit.
It came in time an I love it it's phenomenal an makes my collection epic thank you Soo much for the product!!!
Great for kids! Daughter loves them!!
My little one is playing this music phone all the time. It's easy to put her on sleep with this music as well.
Loved this game! Hilarious
Kids love this! Didn't realize it would take so long, but kids haven't seemed to mind too much. They like to see the progress between each step.
Exactly as described. Works great.
Absolutely Beautiful
Great for giving surprise gift. Very good product from size and layout point of view. My daughter is loving it. She sits inside and reads book. May be good way to concentrate while studying or reading.
A great addition to an already hilarious game!
Great balloons. They are pretty when they are up. But they are BIG. You will need lots and lots of helium to fill them.
My friend's son is a huge Coco fan, just turned 2, and loves to take his lunchbox with him on his daily adventures. It is bright and adorable.
I love this piece so much! Exactly what I wanted.
Worth every penny. Got a kick out of this costume for sure. My son loved it. His father dressed up for his 4th birthday. They danced to pitbull- pause. & the party got 10x funner and funnier...worked great. Comfortable and breathable. Easy to set up.
I bought this for my husband as a gift and he loves it! Super affordable and it is a really good indoor drone! Has great control and is VERY quite!
I brought these for my sons holloween treat bags for his class and they loved them they were awesome I thought they were be made cheaply but they weren't
Bought this for my girlfriend, and she loved it! Might need to be washed first because it does smell like plastic at first due to the packaging, but it's a great plush!
So many what a buy!! Kids love them
Great for the price.
Combined with decks one, two, and three makes for hours of thought provoking conversation with family and friends.
Love this form for Sora in the game.
Item was exactly as described!
This is a sturdy and well made doll stroller. And the pink heart is nicely embroidered. I like that it is not too girly, so our grandson can play with it also if he wanted to, along with our granddaughter. It is as pictured.
Our 2 year old actually knows how to swing himself so he can get in and out of it himself. This is wonderful for kids who have all sorts of energy but have to be cooped up inside. Without this swing, we would probably go crazy.
Bought this for my 2 year old nephew as a Birthday gift. He is very happy with this. This was a big hit.
It was a gift for my sister
This is most fun a drone pilot could have! The F100 Ghost is a thrilling drone to fly. A very versatile drone also. Change colors, and configuration to fly as a camera drone with HD videos with the included action camera! Very fast, very sleek, very versatile, a ton of fun! The greatest customer service is the best working component! Easy to fly right out of the box. Easy to read and understand color user manual. A great buy!
I love these puzzles. Ive purchased the globe before and that one was very challenging. This one was much easier. I really enjoy the lighting. It has 2 different settings. I would recommend.
Bought this for two yr old. Great as teaching tool plus kids want to be hands on
Ah! So excited that I bought this. It looks amazing just sitting at home in my pool. It's so cute to just have floating around during a party. I love this! My daughter's are thrilled as well.
Always a great mind breaker challenge accepted
This one maybe the favorite of the ones I bought, I can really see his mind working as he tries to place these pieces, putting them on, and taking them off and moving them around. He is just over 2 years old, and these toys are durable and occupy him, He likes for me to join in and help him. This was a safe purchase, and an item that I can hang onto for future kids or durable enough to last and give away later on.
Bought these in bulk for an employee appreciation event - they were popular with the 20s age group
Cute, cute, cute! Well made. Perfect for stocking-stuffers to go with the pirate ship we got our grandson for Christmas
This was a Christmas gift!
These eggs are for my Grandsons' Easter baskets. They haven't gotten the dinosaurs yet but they look like something they will have a blast with.
was bought for giving away to little girl. she loved it. all i got to say
Great quality dinosaurs. My son loved them.
Perfect size. Very well made
Well made. Item was delivered quickly
Great for breaking bad habits with my little ones and also used them for summer workbook fun (once it was full they got to pick out a treat). They loved it. Comes with enough sheets to last me a very long time.
Bought these for a game at my sons second birthday party and they were a total success! I was truly happy. Thank you.
Ok, this is my new favorite SW Pop! Adorable!
The teepee was a huge hit. When my interior designer suggested it I was a bit skeptical but it's a fun place for a child to learn to read and have quiet time.
10 year olds have highly recommended these. I use them in a classroom for fun reading time. They work well and are a great
This made a nice addition to the wrestling theme of my Grandson's Easter basket!
Underestimated how huge this is. Multipurpose and can be used for bird baths
Held up great for a bunch of 4-6 year olds.
Nice quality drone, easy to fly with large controller. Has 2 speed options available and also other features like headless mode make for an enjoyable experience. Wouldn't recommend flying in any winds as it will get carried away like any other drone. Highly recommend
Best thing ever! So much fun!
These are awesome! They light up you easily pull the tab you can use it with helium or you can use it with the pump that comes with it it made my sons birthday Awesome !! They were super fun and all the kids loves the fact that they lit up it was cool!!
My toddler is hard on crayons, as is typical. These are great because she's less inclined to break them when she's gripping them properly. In addition, they don't roll off the table all the time, so I'm able to spend more time coloring with her instead of constantly picking them up. I'm very pleased, all the way around!
We bought the soccer ball for our gender reveal party. It was just like it was described. Definitely recommend
I have a few set of dice for my D&D. This is my new one. Got lucky this Saturday with two critical damage and one bonus action haha
Very cool game. My almost four year old loves it. There are different levels of games so she will be able to use it for awhile.
My son had a mini drone previously and had such a difficult time controlling it and even keeping it in the air. The one thing I'll say about this drone is that it's extremely user friendly and if you were looking for a beginner drone to get, this is the one. My 10 year old could make this hover with one button which allowed him to take pictures, he was amazed and really happy that he could take advantages of all the functions. Spool happy I got him this.
I bought this for my Grandson 2 years ago and he still plays with it so I bought it again for my godson's 1st birthday and he loves it!!
Loved it. He had a blast and was nice and warm.
A great way to developed your brain is by using this speed cube puzzle. I never got tired of it fine to play with. Came very fast after order.
Good quality. Arrived a week early.
My granddaughter loved it and it was exactly what she wanted Very well made
I got these to put in my grand kids to put in plastic Easter eggs for our annual Easter egg hunt. They are going to love this well made little cars : )
these are really fun, my boys live these! Super fun for Easter!! great buy!!
I think this is one of the best deals out there. Both these ships are really well designed and the mini figures are top of the line! Getting Kylo in a set this inexpensive was a huge bonus!
came in time and my niece loves it.
Great for a costume.
My boy very enjoyed the fast speed and flip over when hit on the bump. And the remoter can control very long distance.
perfect if you have several men that like to pass gas while you're watching TV and they think it's funny you spray that and they will stop passing gas for now on in the TV room,
My boys really enjoy this toy. Especially the toy needle and stethoscope. I am really surprised that the stethoscope actually works. Love this you set.
Nice, bright colors, and very light construction
Works great. Bought it for a birthday gift. My 9 year old son has been flying it daily...works great. It has survived many a crash landing and bounces back.
Funny. Definitely for adults only
Grandchildren love this fire truck, used indoors and outdoors. Pump works well and was used to keep children cool during hot/warm days. Easy to assemble and clean. Very durable. Color is maintained, but stickers have a tendency to fade or wear off.
Awesome, this and other connectable blaze play sets are very easy to put together easy to use and fun to play with
Great fit. Was a gift for my favorite little girls for Valentine's. I'm told when they got their present, they immediately changed their dollies clothes and that they were a perfect fit.
Great puzzle for toddlers! Both the pieces and the fully assembled puzzle are very large.
I usually collect the MCU Funko figures. Had to have this cute one!
I love these pails! They are so cute and perfect! This is the 2nd time Ive ordered this pails for 2 separate parties for favors. Its priced reasonable and ships fast.
Granddaughter loves it
I ordered 3 sets and LOVED them, they were better then expected and perfect for decoration/party favors for our Llama fiesta party!!
These are the best out there!
Works great! Almost half the price as the originals
Helps baby walk and greets toy to play with.
My kids love it. A summer must for sure. Quality is nice compared to others purchased before
Very cool Figma! It comes with a lot of different parts and accessories. The expressions look really good and even the box looks nice! Definitely a great buy if you're willing to pay the price for it.
I love love love this puzzle. It provided hours of fun. One thing about this company, if you have a problem with a piece either chipped or missing thy replace it immediately. I have many Artifacts puzzles. Keep up the great work Artifacts!!
This bey comes in three parts (top, center, and bottom) and is meant to explode (hence beyblade BURST). Good quality, and comes with a string launcher (launcher with retractable string pull). This beyblade ONLY WORKS with included launcher or any other LEFT spinning launchers (but be careful not to over pull the string, it WILL break! It can be repaired with a phillips head screwdriver, so dont worry if it does). It is the ONLY left spinning beyblade released atm which is good for competitions. It is meant to steal the opponents spin. Stickers are included to apply yourself. This bey looks incredible, but takes a while to get used to.
These walkie talkies are adorable and very sturdy for the price. My son loves them!
My toddler ( 2 yos) loves it! Perfect length, not too long (no tripping hazard). Wider than I expected but really catches the wind when he runs. The mask fit great!
This set is fabulous. It has 115 pieces which is more than enought pieces for my son to play with his friends. The magnets are very strong and the pieces are strong and durable. This definitely lets your child express their creativity. I actually have played with this set by myself and I love it lol
Wonderful gift for my soon to be three year old who loves mickey mouse. Even my 5 year old daughter likes to join in on the fun! Lots of tools and lots of options for play, hours of fun!
My Granddaughter will love this!
Great tool to study with my children!!
This was an awesome fine! My kids are 2 and 3 1/2 and they both loved it. We set it up under shade and filled with water. We used it every day on our vacation.
We got this for my son who loves to look at bugs. This is a great magnifying glass for little kids as it is solid and has a soft grip so little hands wont drop it.
Can't beat the price & my daughter loves it but the tail does come off which is not a big deal but thought I would mention it. I love how many ways you can change her position with all of the movable joints. Overall it's a great deal!
Gift my grandson who is 9 love it
Heart opening is a bit small... But it beautiful!!
There were no instructions when I received this - argh! However, I sat down and pulled up the Amazon picture, and I figured it out!!! It took me 30 minutes to figure out the first one. However, once I figured it out, it took me 5 minutes to assemble each of the remaining ones. I purchased these as party favors. The quality (paint job, quality of the plastic pieces, similarity to real lego) is actually rather good. About 98% of the packets had all the parts - a few packets had an extra light and one packet was missing a minor piece. It is true that some parts keep falling off (ex. the helmet comes off and the arms comes off). I glued the helmet on the head. Overall, I think it is an AMAZING deal. Also, I placed two orders and both times I got the orders rather quickly despite what it said on estimated shipping times.
A favorite amongst our kids. Holds up really well with toddlers.
gave it to my son as a gift and he was impressed... nice looking on arm ... awesome price to go along...
I'm a therapist and am always looking for new material and games. Love this puzzle! Affordable and well made. Will definitely order more products from this company.
Each individual puzzle comes wrapped separately. There's a sack bag along. My 3 year old was super excited to see his new puzzle. We sat together and completed it.
I bought this for my nephew's birthday , he loves it. He's a five year old boy and he has no problem to set up the train track, put the batteries on and make the train run. My little girl saw it and wants one also. I m thinking to get one more for my daughter for her Christmas gift.
great costume. Mask has held up to abuse many months past Halloween.
I still remember when my siblings and I were given this game as a gift over 20 years ago by our parents' house guest. That woman was our hero. Now I bought some to give as gifts to the kids when I'm a house guest. Great for younger elementary school kids.
Excellent as described!!
My daughter loves it. Great for travel also.
Exactly what i wanted and more.
Very cute! Little difficult to work the belt loop for attaching to bag but I know it won't fall off!
Great size, super soft. Just the right thing to get my aunt after her hysterectomy - the doctors and nurses LOVED it!
If you have a friend or loved one who is about to celebrate this milestone, this is a meaningful gift that they will treasure forever. The pink color is bright and beautiful and it is excellent quality.
These balloons are elegant and fun at any party! Good quality and they lasted all night long. We enjoy them for HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Gave as a gift. Recipient was very pleased.
This pinata was more than I expected! We had at least 12 elementary kids. They all got over 3 turns hitting 2-3 times each, and many hits were solid hits! It says 2 lbs candy, so that's what we put in, but I'm pretty sure it could have held at least another pound fine. I will definitely buy another!
This Bugs 3 drone is awesome...pure manual control ,very agile and pure fun . I love the acrobatic feature and the sensitivity on the control and those powerfull brushless motors. I attached my go pro and had great arial captures. This drone is not boring at all. You can also buy extra battery with different spec for A/H for longer flights. This is the kind of drone years from now should be on your display wall....someday some will ask you what your drones treasures are ...I would start with the Bugs series :)
This was a huge hit as an item in my 4 year old's piñata. The kids all were happy with the toys they received and my kids are still plating with them weeks later.
It's an awesome party favor and the kids went crazy over it.
My three yr old LOVES it!
My four year old Granddaughter is crazy for princess related dress-up and princess activities. This Art and Craft Kit seems like the perfect gift for her.
Bought this for my granddaughter! She loves it and so does her mom. Fun toys to play with and learn, easy pick up for mom! Keeps the toys picked up and out of the way and they are able to dry faster!
Super fun magnetic tiles. Great quality for the price. Definitely comparable to the expensive ones.
My son loves it. Just like dad.
My daughter loved it! Wish the baby came with an outfit, but otherwise a great toy.
My daughter loved this music box and all the 'secret' drawer compartments. We actually got our other daughter a different music box from Amazon, and this was of a similar price but is much better quality. Is it a family heirloom? No, of course not but is definitely something your little one will adore.
Not too difficult and nice pictures of the Presidents. Up to date.
I purchased this truck for my nephew birthday gift and he absolutely loves it. I'm very happy with my purchase and will recommend to family and friends
I used this for my cousin's birthday and the children liked it. They got to share it and after they finished the legos, they got to race the cars. After the party, we put it up for design. It was beautiful.
Got it for my little sister and she loved it
My son lost his favorite kitty. Thankfully I found the same one on Amazon. Delivery was quick and packaging was appropriate.
We like the cars but just wish the batteries lasted longer. 8 to 10 min tops. Do recommend buying extra batteries
Super cute and fast shipping
Once we got it up and flying it was great! My 4 year old got to fly his first kite. Easy to pull out and get in the air.
Baby soft blanket my 2 yr old son loves it and has continued to sleep with it (he loves Sesame Street) but he can sleep all night without throwing it off so it seems perfect for him
Granddaughter loved it!
Awesome / comes with every thing you need great quality!
Better than expected. I have purchased knock off Lego before and they are not the same. Burrs, missing parts etc. Not this kit; blocks had a good feel and went together very well. I will buy more from this company as Lego does not have military type kits.
My one year old daughter plays in it you just have to buy the plastic balls by it self
My kids have had a tremendous amount of fun with these. We've been using them as bath toys, otherwise they get so dirty because they're somewhat sticky.
Packaged perfect and works just as advertised!
I love it!!!! Exactly what I expected. Awesome color combinations and looks great!!!
My son loves these! I will also say I think they are well made and a not a bad price!
I first checked out the range and I walked 10 city blocks and the wife still could here me great. For the grandkids for xmas. Great for kids because of light built in and very light. Will buy more products from this company. THANK YOU
I give this tractor as a gift yearly to the 1 year olds I work with and this year I get to finally give it to my own child. This will entertain for quite some time and goes great with a barn gift as well. This is on my best baby and kid items list if you look at public ideas on amazon.
I was happy to buy these as the old style ring tubes of a good enough large size are hard to find...I didn't want a dragon or palm tree...just a nice float! The price is right and they inflated easily and arrived very quickly. Floating happily!
I bought a bunch of these for Christmas gifts. So cute and fun. As advertised!
HUGE AND WILL FLY WITH EASE IN GOOD WIND. WE TIED IT TO OUR TENT ON THE BEACH AND IT STAYED UP ALL AFTERNOON, UNTIL WE TOOK IT DOWN. GREAT PRICE
The only thing is they have a weird smell to them.
Really cute LEGO set
Very good, sit up soft, the key is won't heat, or clean, wipe clean. The store's service is also in place. The delivery is really fast.
My kids love these. They are durable and fun.
Bought this for my best friend's sons. The kids love the emoji!
My son and I looked at a lot of rugs, but this was the perfect size and had all the scenes he wanted for his vehicles.
keep the kids busy for a half hour
Big duck but not the biggest
This was my first drone and without spending a ton of money, I wanted to see how difficult drones were. This is a great little drone for beginners! I didn't trust myself outside at first so I played with it in my house and once I got the hang of it, I took it outside. It's very quick but easy to control. I personally wouldn't use it for long distances but in our open field, it was perfect. The wind did affect it a lot, so be careful if it's windy!! The picture is pretty good for the cost, but if you are wanting it for more HD or professional use, I wouldn't recommend this model. But for my kids to play around with, it's perfect!! I really like that it folds up and doesn't take up too much room. Having the extra battery is a huge bonus too!! Would make a great Christmas gift!
Toy as described. Packaging was good. It talked properly.
Bought these fun glow party gifts instead of sending candy to school for my sons birthday. They were a huge hit. Kid are asking him about these fun party supplies.
Im using as trick or treat give away s, just the right size, most work great, they have 2 watch batteries in them
Such a cool statue. Reminds me completely of The Dark Knight Returns comic version of Batman. Having it numbered manufacture is very neat bit too.
This came with more magnets than expected! They're cute, big assortment from letters to numbers to animals, buildings, and plants. Great for teaching words to my son.
Got this as a gift for my neices and it's so nice. Keeps kids busy and it's so much fun. Highly recommend.
Amazing little mat! My 3yr old loves it, and I love it even more because hes no longer writing on the walls haha fill the little pen with water and let them draw their hearts out. Dries within mins so they can constantly draw something new!
Great game that keeps the kids busy and away from screens.
My daughter is a fan of the stories, and how could we not give her a goofy looking, slightly hair, googley-eyed monster. The doll is soft and plushy and just the right size for a toddler.
This Teddy Bear is unbelievably cute and has multiple phrases.
One of the best board games of all time
It is such a cool product. It's very easy to inflate them These balloons are very festive at night. This product has changed all our party added color and light to the party And it was an attraction for adults and children. Thanks for the quality and service.
Quality blocks that are for more than just building! My daughter pretends the rectangles are cameras and phones. I don't know if I or she loves them more!
High quality gown for Barbie or Fashion Royalty dolls. This is beautifully detailed and looks great.
These things are great! I think they're a little better than the originals since the rubber is a bit tacky and has a little texture on it. They are the exact same size as the originals and fit in the controller the exact same way. Be warned, you will have to take the controller apart to put these in. That consists of a little bit of careful technical work and 4 screws. Not a big deal, I did mine in about 15 minutes. I also replaced my trigger springs while I was in there. Great product!
I got this as a gift for my father for Christmas. It seems to be of very high quality. He was excited and thought the design was neat.
It's educational and entertaining! Child can play on it's own, or with friends, or PARENTS = quality time! Kid can learn AT THE SAME TIME few things at once: COLORS, LETTERS, how to COUNT, FOCUS, and play competitive sport - fishing. Who will catch the most fish? My daughter LOVES THIS GAME. She played with me, grandma, cousins, & not getting tiered! Compare to others fishing games this one have cool DOUBLE SIDED design, and extra doll to catch fish with, not just fishing polls. You can play it differently on both sides! I will post video. Also, the LETTERS! What a smart Idea to add letters. We even made few words & sentences. See photos. Definitely would recommend! Perfect GIFT!!!
My daughter loves this costume! Shes an avid peppa fan and didn't want to take it off! Loved that it keeps her warm with the long sleeves and pants. Shes normally a 3t/4t so this costume was true to size!
We bought this for a gift and the quality is phenomenal.
Way to set those chocolate sweet and salty treats aside. I chose stickers as additional treats for our treat or treaters handout giveaways.
A great way to start new friends. A gift for my nephew, he liked it.
Grandson (10) loved it!!
I really have not found a good use for the deck yet. I'm a professional magician and I thought it would be a novel twist to a special card trick I do, however the different colors cause too much suspicion. Might be great for young children. I am not sorry I purchased this deck, it is making me think of new ways to use it.
Came a little loose since it's been in its box for 3 years, But absolutely amazing figure overall! Especially for the price!
Very cute! Perfect for my daughters 2nd birthday!
So funny when my mom opened it at Christmas
Bought this for my niece's first birthday and it was her favorite. She ignored every other present and played with this. Looks like I won her birthday. 😂
As described. Fast shipping. My niece loves it!
Great gun especially for the price. My. Kids love it. Will definitely order another.
Our twins are nine years old and we felt it would be too young for them. They love them. It would have more of an educational value for younger children. We would definitely buy again just for the play value. Quality is good and our girls love it.
A five star adorable good quality remote control race boat. It works well and a lot of fun to play with. The boat can go fast and is easy controlled by the remote. It's Fun for kids and adults. The quality is good The price is good too. It came packaged well and it arrived on time.
It's bigger than I thought
Perfect for a classroom!
This was such a great deal! Good quality and soooooooooo many!
Bought this item to use for my daughter's birthday decoration it was very beautiful.
I gotta say this drone is hell of a lot of fun to be flying around. really good quality it feels very sturdy and well made. The battery life is plenty to get some great shots and it is really easy to use. Happy with my purchase.
Came in perfect condition.
1:12 Dollhouse scale nursery. Beautiful detail. Dollhouse furniture is fragile. Don't give this to little kids. Responsible 8 years old and up.
Great deal, bought these for our wedding.
Lots of family laughs New Year's Eve....but we were all 18+ years old. If there's smaller ones I would definitely look fiend a child friendly version. Also get thr extra mouth pieces!
I like how this looks like my granddaughter's pack-n-play. It is adorable! Will store away nicely till she comes again.
Convenient and highly functional for a player on the go.
Fits in stock location , gives 2x flight time. Just know this is simply two of the stock battery's shrink wrapped together and wired together but still manages to fit nicely and work well. 5/5
Just as described, thank you!
Very good quality for he price
Great value! Lots of colorful different pieces. I work with serious play methodology and bought it to facilitate a session, this fit my needs perfectly
easy to control,I. Like it so much
Great and simple game my daughter enjoys it.
Dice and container are beautiful! Highly recommended!
You must buy this glue if enjoy making balsa wood aircraft kits! This works great! I don't even have to hold on to pieces of balsa and wait for them to start holding. This starts to bond instantly and still gives you plenty of time to make an adjustment to the piece you're attaching. A must glue for every balsa wood modeler!
Great detail on the pop
I purchased this for my daughter's 1st Birthday party and the kids absolutely loved it. It was much bigger than I thought and it definitely was the highlight of the party. If you're looking for something fun for a toddler I'd definitely recommend this!
Just what we needed for our Christmas game!
I spent about 45 minutes applying the skins without much difficulty. I could see how someone with more practice could do it in half the time. Couple hours of flight time and its still all good.
This 4 pack of water guns are awesome! My kids loved them. We took them to the beach and used in the ocean and the pool. Would buy again
My son loves these so much they are hes babies they are super soft, super adorable and definitely travel size.
The bags are pretty sturdy, and are appropriately sized for small party gift bags. I think you will enjoy it also.
So much fun. Kids love it. The toys could be single toys or play together. The music makes kids happy too.
My 7 month old loves this! It's really fun and the parts slide and spin easily. I was a little worried because one of the reviews said it was heavy and their child bops himself in the head with it but I feel like it's MUCH lighter than most of the toys we have. It's definitely one of our favorite toys now!
Great for the price! They aren't very realistic, but if you're crafty or artistic, you can paint them to look pretty realistic!
Worth the money and just simply beautiful collectibles. The figures are actually larger than I thought they would be. I assumed that the figures would be the size of the figures that D&D players use. And I thought that there would be a 99% chance that paint would look horrible.
My daughter loves this toy! She plays with it every single day. Great for hand eye coordination.
This set was great. It kept the grandkids busy for a couple of hours!
These are great!! They are all funny!! Will definitely be used!
Bought this for my slime obsessed daughter. She loved it except she wanted to make the slime herself. The slime in this kit is premade. You just add fun stuff to it. She was very excited about the pack of clear slime. Evidently, perfectly clear slime is hard to make.
Got it for my bf, he loves it.
A good set of bath toys for little kids. The net keeps them occupied while you're trying to get them clean. The squeaky toys are entertaining too
This thing is adorable! So glad I was able to find an authentic one for Christmas.
These rounds are great! They perform just as good as the regular nerf rounds you get when you buy a nerf rival blaster but uniquely colored! These are expensive though compared to others, that's definitely your one downside.
I originally bought this for my husband as a stocking stuffer. But my 7 year old has taken over and plays with it all the time.
Looks great think my granddaughter will love it for Christmas
My son loves this toy! He just tuned 7 months and loves to practice sitting on his own. This toy could keep him occupied for a while. The quality is good! I can see him play with it for a long time.
Very nice kit. With bit paint and shading.
Worked for what I needed, to package cookies.
This was my first gunpla build and it went without trouble. I've since purchased a tool kit for building but used only my hands for this and had no problem completing it. The weight of the wings can make it difficult to stand on its own, but this is likely a problem across most of the top heavy gunpla builds. Colors are accurate and require no paint and only a few stickers. Comes with alternative shoulders and head that match the color of the rest of the suit.
My baby started teething some weeks ago and he's been playing with this little toy a lot. It came with a little plastic box, so you can put it in there when the baby is not using it.... I like that.
This was a great present for my boys at Christmas! They love it and it fits our mix of wooden train sets that we have!
Bright color of bags, bracelets and keychains were very attractive and well liked by the girls at the birthday party. My granddaughter was delighted with the leftovers to give to her friends who couldn't make it to the party.
This car is awesome! I bought it for my grandson who just turned 3. It is easy to use and so cute! He loves it and so does his 5 year old sister.
The rocks are sturdy and strong . The 20 pack gave the climbing wall color and the girls love it. The hardware coming with it save time and is s.s. So no rust . I did have to drill one size up hole for ours in to the 1” Pressure Treated
Perfect size for my one year old grandson. The fact that they nest in each other makes it take up less space.
This drone is fantastic.We love this drone. It's a good size.It was fairly easy to fly.You can pair it to your phone and then watch live video footage as you fly it. The picture quality and video quality are excellent. Really pleased with it.
My son absolutely loves this toy. And that it helps stimulate brain growth is a bonus. It makes him think and he has fun while doing it.
my 6 year old son loves his surprise, he wanted a boat like this a long time ago and when he saw it he was surprised and I liked it, it really is very good, we used in the pool, I recommend it for your children are delighted with this toy
His was a gift for my daughter-in-law. She was delighted. The whole family are big into Lego. Glad to see something that celebrates not only the contributions of women , but also science. Very pleased with it.
Came right on time and was packaged great! So satisfied with my purchase.
Easy and fairly quick assembly, compared to typical LEGO style sets.
Brought back childhood memories. Bought them to put on the bird feeder pole so the squirrels would have a hard time getting to the bird seed. Worth it's weight in gold to watch the squirrels bouncing up and down.
This is a simple toy that my kids love. Since I figured they'd fight over it, I purchased two. Comes with plenty of cars and seems well made and sturdy.
I got these for a bachelorette party to put in the gift bags. I think they'll be a big hit with the girls! These are softer, squishier, and cuter than you can imagine! I've never felt anything quite like it. Plus, it's fun to say I got a bag of dicks in the mail! What you can't see in the images is that they also have little mouths that look like this- :3 adorable!
Thank you so much for making this a wonderful experience! Grade "A" seller!
As advertised works great
Took it to the beach and used a boat anchor to anchor to a sandbar. Had 6 grown adults on board and we had a blast! It held up very well with no problems.
fast delivery, found one duplicate book , not all of them were in covers , but books were in good condition , over all not bad service
Excellent price! Hours of fun! Better than I expected!
Arrived on time, same as photo
Great quality for reasonable price! I had read reviews on similar items at comparable pricing dating they fall apart easily. I bought this for an outdoor birthday party so decided to play it a bit first to make sure it didn't fall apart. It's holding together perfectly and not fraying the tennis balls at all. Very glad I chose this set.
My granddaughter loves her baby doll.
My whole family loves to play this game. Every time we get together, we play for hours.
Great prices and props for my photo booth company.
Awesome for and great protection for my daughter's jeep
my 5 year old really enjoys this toy. She enjoys listening to the facts and then reporting the facts she learns to me. It's a great way to learn about the different specimens.
We love Playmobil. The only disappointment is that the wise men set that goes with this is no longer available.
Perfect for a road trip! My 2.5 year old loved it!
Great product to entertain the little ones. We bought the 5 pack based on some of the reviews about quality. They all work and are in great condition! I'm really glad that we bought 5 because 5 is just better then 2!
I use this product to light a glass sculpture. The sculpture weights 25lbs and this plate holds up well to the weight. The description on Amazon is not quite correct. The Amazon description says the light plate uses four AA batteries. It actually uses three. Also, the plate I received also has a USB plug and cord. The Amazon description does not include this.
Seller kept me updated on delivery and was concern with delay.
Gave it to our nephew for his 4 year birthday and he loved it! Easy and safe enough for this 2 year old brother too!
This little camera is perfect for my step daughter. She likes to take pictures but we didn't want to get her something too expensive. This camera is small so she has no issue holding it, it's easy for her to operate and it takes good pictures. Would recommend for a younger age group.
I was surprised with the quality and even the size of the dinosaur. None of the dinosaur has plastic smell. They are quite solid build. The heads and feet can move around. Their face are nicely painted with vivid colors and lots of details. These dinosaurs are way much better than I expected.
This was a present for my son and what a fantastic purchase it was. So easy and intuitive for children to use whilst producing high quality output. The screen and games are of high quality and testament to that is my daughter not putting the thing down!
Super handy at the lake! We can be out in the water swimming, have a place to hold our drinks and empties and not have to run back to shore as often!
Looks real, bought for a Christmas present for my daughter. She loves it!
Bought as a gift for my grandchildren. So glad it arrived before Christmas! Thank you...they absolutely loved it.
This was a gift for my Niece and she loved it
I like the design of the fabric. The idea of creating a cozy chair out of stuffed animals is great. It looks a lot nicer than a big box of stuffed animals. You could also fill with extra blankets if needed. The kids play rough on them and they have held up to the abuse. :) I would like the item even more if it was about $5 cheaper, but overall I like it! The opening could be a little larger to allow easier filling of stuffed animals. Also, we have not had any issues with the integrity, but I would also like the see a heavier zipper.
Lightweight. Great fit. Great price.
Pay attention to what you're doing, as obviously all the pieces look very similar even though they are labeled. I made the mistake of having my toddler there for assembly and I hooked one bar wrong.... what a hassle to pop that sucker back off! I will say the little like pegs that hook the bars can pop out. I could not really figure how to get it back in. They pop out if you push a little too hard (which you'll end up doing). I think I did get one to hook back into the bar but anyway.... after all was said and done I was probably missing like 2 of them because of that. But it did not effect sturdiness!!! This is great for inside or outside. Mine is now in backyard, we didn't hook it to the ground. (Live in the Florida boonies) My kid drags it around the yard, he's not even 3 yet.
These things are great to use while in water too. They skip across the water like they defy gravity and friction. Bought for my grandsons who play baseball and we ended up using exclusively in the water :)
Pretty. Festive. Overpriced
I bought them for a home made spider toss game - lots of fun!
I bought these for my son's lumberjack costume. The price was great, especially since he won't be wearing them again. I worried that he would freak out when I put them on, but he did great! They were adorable, and would be perfect for costume use.
I liked that this thing didn't bog down in the grass. 4×4 and they meant it. The speed is nice and its pretty durable I drove it off the porch and it kept on going.
This thing fires QUICK, and doesn't take a terrible amount of time to load either with the auto-loading feature (albeit, it's pretty noisy when loading the darts this way). Not taking off any stars for the noise, since the convenience of being able to load it while in a battle with darts from your opponents is great. One gripe about this blaster is that the light seems to never go off when a magazine is loaded, which probably wears the battery down. Maybe it does go off and I just am too impatient to find out, YMMV. Be aware that it takes 4 D-cell batteries, but they seem to last a reasonable amount of time.
I bought this for my friends 5 year old kid. His mom told me yesterday that hes been playing non stop and throwing away all his other toys. hes been playing for at least 2 hours a day. This is also a great toy for thinking and exercises childrens mind. Thinking about buying another one .
My granddaughter love this she was so excited .
These products are so well made... love it
Bigger then expected nice.
Smaller than I thought it would be. I'm a grandpa so what would I know.
I love my lanyard. It is the perfect gift for someone who adores Harry Potter
Now I am ready for halloween. I do not know why but these masks are very creepy and the fact that they light up is pretty cool. You be sure that your costume will pop out. It has 3 modes solid light, flicker slow, flicker fast I personaly like the flickering fast the best it makes it creepier. There is a wire you have to take in count it is long enought to put it in you pocket.
If I can't have the real thing, at least I have the mini version. Very nifty looking. Very detailed. Good purchase... good price.
Good product, excellent quality
It showed up as advertised
This game is awesome! I just finished playing it with a group of friends, and we couldn't stop laughing. We played through the entire box, but there is tons of replay value with this one, because there are so many different cards that can be combined into three card comic strips. It is great. There wasn't a hand that didn't have us rolling on the floor. The game is very similar to Cards Against Humanity, but just different enough to add some new hilarity to game night. The visuals and words just make for some hilarious combinations that you don't always get in CAH. Overall, I think if you like CAH, you'll like this game. Its a great gift idea (since I'm writing this around the holidays) for any adults on your list who like these kind of inappropriate humor games. I wish I had had this one when I was in college, because we would have had a blast with it. I'm looking at buying the expansions now.
Works great and is an amazing deal for an awesome product
Grandson LOVES it, Needs batteries already.
My daughter just love it. She has learn and made investigation on microscopic life. The toy encourage children on science subjects. It came with everything to use it except batteries.
Cute, well made and the child enjoys playing with it.
Just as described, and well protected. Thank you seller.
I bought these as a gift for a child who was turning 6. He lv it.It keeps him busy and I love to see his little face of pride when he builds something cool.
Competitively priced and simple R/C truck that is good for someone trying their first R/C truck, however it was bought for my 6 and 9 year old boys and they both loved it to bits. Does great on hills,and jumps awesome,and its small enough to use around in your yard. It doesn't do too well on grass but pretty nippy on tarmac and concrete!
My grandson is here visiting and loves this !
Grandkids love these! The surprise gets them every time. They love that about these.
So I purchased these for our teachers, and they were a hit! We had fun decorating them for our superhero costumes. We can't wait to wear them on Halloween!!
This is going to be a gift (actually two of them are going to be gifts) for my granddaughters. They are very pretty, well constructed dolls bought to accommodate nightgowns that match full size ones for the girls! The rest of the family loves them, and I am confident they will be loved by the recipients as well.
Gift for Granddaughter. She loved it!
Definitely order from them again!
This bottle opener is an excellent gift for any Batman fan, especially fans of the animated series. It is very sturdy. It is magnetic and can hang on a refrigerator. It is also relatively heavy and makes a good paper weight. Very happy with this purchase.
Brought two set of these tiles from amazon, and I am satisfied with the quality.
These sand toys are super cute and good quality. They will be perfect for the beach this summer!
Our great granddaughter loves them. She wears them almost daily.
I bought this toy for my 2 year old son. i try as much as possible to buy plastic or wooden toys, to reduce consumption. he loves it. he spends hours as food, cut, and i re assembled to the cross. it also seemed to eat, too.) it was the toy for several weeks, and i can say that this toy is very durable. i recommend it to those who want to buy a gift for a child, due to the excellent price / quality ratio. I love these in general for the high quality of these products, and this product has not disappointed me.
I used it to give it to my older daughter, since im having another girl
My 22 month old daughter loves these. Very durable. Great size.
Very cute, they are quality soft squishies!
Just as described! Thank you!
Son loves, easy to put together. Bought for xmas 2017 and is still going strong with a 2 yr old who dives into this thing and a dog that chases him in it. Even the pup likes it
Fantastic float, I've bought 6 myself. The only negative is that wherever I go people ask about them 😫
Packaging was perfect, shipping was super fast couldn't ask for more thank you so very much.
HAVE A PARTY WORKED GREAT AND SO CUTE
Big hit at my daughter's first birthday party! I received a lot of compliments and the guests loved seeing the progression of pictures throughout the first year. Definitely recommend.
Very cute. The headband is nice because it's covered and won't poke behind the wear. Will be used for a play.
Fun for all! Delivered on time and kids have a great time on it!
I absolutely LOVE this!! It's the perfect touch for my planned event which is a romantic picnic in the park with my husband.
I used this for a pregnancy announcement and it was a huge hit. Going to keep it as a keepsake in my LEGO display case.
This is such a fun product! My 5 year old son loved playing with this. The two bugs that come in the jar with the dirt are so cute and perfect for the set as the dirt doesn't stick to them, and they're sized just right for little hands. I did order a set of Melissa & Doug bugs to add because I wasn't sure that two bugs were enough. He had the bugs, his cars, and his diggers all working together to build mounds and make paths. I set out the play dirt in a tray to start. It didn't smell bad, and the dirt was actually soft and not coarse, similar to kinetic sand. It doesn't stick to clothing or surfaces. I realized later that the directions recommended letting it sit out for a few hours prior to play in order for it to loosen up, but that didn't seem necessary in our case. Clean up was easy as we simply brushed the dirt to the corner of the tray and poured it back into the jar. I definitely recommend this product for sensory play and "clean" dirty play.
The plane I bought was a gift for a friends 6 year old son. So I really don't know - they tell me he sleeps with it because he doesn't want anyone to take it. But they could just be saying that to be nice?
Bought her for face mold. It's so unique. Love her. If anyone wants to know, I swapped out her for the Divergent gal who is kind of a MTM - perfect match.
This game is great for family fun game night! it is easy to play and lots of fun! All the people who played enjoyed the game and can't wait to play it again!
Nice, fun game at a reasonable price!
My daughter loves these! Great for a party.
Bought for daughters 11th bday party. They loved it, and it's not messy like slimes are.
These things are great! Got them as stocking stuffers for a 2 and 4 year old and they loved them and honestly so did I! Shaped them into lots of things then into the final product and let set.
I got this originally to gift, but I'm keeping it for my baby. It's a great puzzle kit for little ones. I like that it comes with different pictures so when baby gets distracted she can start a new one. Puzzles are a huge activity to help with babies development. Baby einstein on the way
My 2 month old loves staring at this! I bend it around her carseat handles (it sticks together via sewn in magnets) keeps her entertained until she falls back asleep.
Perfect! Exactly what we needed for a school assignment
resistant and with good quality
I'm a talker and so are my children. Battery use more than 3 hours,Great story bout what you learn when you listen rather than talk, talk, talk.
the more you have the more you can roll
Exceptional game mechanics to enhance feel and fun. I'd say at least an intermediate-level knowledge of board games as they stand in 2019, or you may get bogged down explaining and looking up rules. Needs a reasonably large table, as well.
My daughter is a huge Harry Potter fan and she loved it.
Perfect toys for my needs. Our church fills boxes for Honduran children for Christmas and it is often difficult to find safe, age appropriate toys for 2-4 year old children. The toys were not only charming but came with no detachable parts and were made of non toxic materials. This is very important. Thanks you for toys.
These light necklaces are so cute. I love how big they are and that they have several options for flashing and also to be on continuously. I wore them to my church's Breakfast with Santa and everyone complimented me on them. One little boy was so taken with them that I let him wear them, he didn't want to give them back...so I let him keep one set.
Awesome toy for little fisherman. Even the grown ups got a kick out of playing with it. We used it in the pool and the tub and it did great in both. Only wish the rod and reel were a bit nicer.
Good on delivery service.
Was able to send to my dad who can no longer drive! He got his cards out on time.
This set comes with a huge variety of bright and colorful neutral sand toys for a great value! I would have to say that my nieces favorite toy would be the water wheel and watering can. This is great for playing in the sand and to play with in a water table/bath time. The mesh bag helps keep the toys organizer and it a great storage option to put the toys in even when they are wet and sandy. It is also a drawstring bag making it easy to carry.
This clay dinosaurs set comes along with a box, which makes it easy to store. We use the clay inside(which is not too much) and play doh to make dinosaurs, leaf, dinosaur claw, skeletons and volcanos, very interesting dinosaur set for kids. Besides, the dinosaurs molds is so cute!
My three year old is obsessed with police officers. Got this as a Christmas gift. Good quality. He loves it. I will warn that it is loud
So happy with these. SPILL PROOF. Helps with easy clean up. Great brushes. Can't wait to keep using these for my projects!!
I bought this for a birthday pool party and the kids loved it.
Great quality and there's a lot! The kids (and adults) all loved these in our piñata.
not plastic, like the cheap stuff at the store. Gift for my nephew. very life like
It was delivered on time and in great condition. The puzzles are very well made. Given as a gift, and it was well received.
So cute and huge hit. Very colorful and moving parts.
Love this adorable set of photo booth props! Very popular at my daughter's birthday party. Easy to assemble.
These items were very good
The birthday banner is perfect for my little girl's birthday party! looks exactly like the picture!
I bought this for our 2yr old. It's perfect, just as described!
My son loves this puzzle! Seems to be good quality.
Very cute. My daughter will love this!
Great product and quick shipper
Ordered 4 packages for a kids birthday party. Out of the 20 items ordered, only a few had crooked ears. Everything else in great order. Good deal for the price.
Absolutely worth the money and loved by the kids.
He's cute. He is plastic and a bit flat but I expected that. I am so very happy with my purchase. He comes with a cute outfit. He comes with a white magnetic pacifier, a blue bottle and small blanket
They are poker chips what else is there to say.
My grandson loves this stuff
Got it for my 8 year old nephew. He built it with no issues. He loves Pokémon so he enjoyed it.
Great Price, beautiful, well made, durable. Purchased these for my grand kids my generation dolls, they worked perfect. I would recommend these!
This set made a beautiful party. I was pleasantly surprised with the size and quality of the banner. The tissue balls were easy to assemble and were perfect for our setting. I highly recommend this product.
kids love them. noisy but fun for them. lots of giggles.
Great replacement to nerf rounds. I only found a few really soft balls that would sometimes jam my blaster.
This game is really fun! Someone brought it to game night and we had to buy it to share with family and other friends. Prepare to be awkward and have lots of laughs as you struggle to get your team to come up with some very random words.
great fun and entertainment with friends and family
So easy to use! Saves you so much time blowing up balloons. Really great for doing multiple balloons for like garlands or balloon arches.
I bought this for my 7 year old son and he absolutely loves it. He can be a little rough on his toys but this bow and arrow set is sturdy and it's easier for him to use than some others we've tried.
This puzzle was a joy to assemble. The colors were brilliant. No pieces missing!
The balloons were so cute and very easy to blow up.
I got this set for my brother's reveal party. It's high quality and we had every component we needed to setup a great event.
Best dam toy made all year.
It works with easy bake oven
My 7 year old grandson loved it....it was very easy for him to maneuver. Some remotes for older kids are too big for him to handle, but this one was just perfect!
face paint was a major hit. easy to apply, easy to wash off, and no one had any rashes. will definitely buy again.
I was so impressed with this product! The pieces are bright and of great quality and the carrying case with the suction cups are perfect for storing in the bath. My son will sit for FOREVER sticking them to the edge of the tub and to each other until the water is cold! He will also play with them outside of the tub as he is drawn to their bright color and varying shapes. (They substitute well as teething toys ha ha.) Would highly recommend!
The extra set of propellers might come in handy. However, the drone flies so well that it almost never crashes. I did have to go through the reset process once. I have tried other similar toys but this is the best and easiest to operate. Thanks
Great card exactly as described.
My 12 year old loves it. Great price and easy to assemble.
My daughter loves these! They're fun and feel really cool, and they provide lots of much-needed distraction. Definitely recommend to anyone with kids and we will be buying as gifts in the future.
Comes in handy. Had to use them when my original got damaged
These are what I expected. Good size. I'm happy with them.
My 11 month old loves these!!! I put them on the bottom of my fridge, and he plays while I cook!
My 5 year old Niece LOVED this! I gave it to her for her Birthday and it has become something we talk about all of the time! She loves it and it's so neat for her to have responsibility over her own garden. Super super cute idea!
great for kids who are interested in magnets
I am in a play (Drop Dead). My character Piggy Banks, is killed off at the end of ACT 1. Your scissors killed me and the audience when I came out on the stage . They LOVED IT! Everyone said how realistic they were! Thank you!
I am in love with the toy I bought it for my son and he is in love with it. Thank you so much
As described I'll update more once I actually used the material
Great small gift bag item. Wings are a single piece that's wide. I feel this single wide wing design helps make this a sturdy little plane. Initially I didn't see the clear nose in the bag. Once I saw that I missed that nose weight it made all the difference.
I bought this item for my daughters birthday and she absolutely loves it.
My 8 year old daughter said it was awesome!!!
Our 4 year old loves this fire truck.
So much bigger than expected! Kinda hard to screw the top back on after filling with bubbles. My 3yo is happy to be able to blow bubbles without risk of making a giant mess.
My 2 1/2 loves this! The features are detailed and easy to use. It has an electric car charging station that I think is adorable. This is a toy that I think we will get 5 years out of!
I am thrilled with this toy. I opened it to put batteries in and get it ready to give as a gift to my Nephew for his 3rd birthday (that's what I will tell people at least, really I was so excited I wanted to play with it!). It is the perfect size for him. Thank you for making such a realistic, fun and safe toy.
Better quality than I expected for the price. Our boy is happy with it!
Bought for my daughter. She loves it.
My son is so happy with this binder for his Pokémon cards. Sturdy, durable, plenty of room for collecting lots of Pokémon cards
The material of this dress is so soft! For children that have sensitive skin, this dress is perfect. Cape is removable and so cute. Great purchase!
Arrived on time, as advertised. Thank you.
Bought as a gift. Recipient really loved it!
Bought this for my daughter and we both enjoy playing with this! Fun little creative toy and would be a great addition to my desk at work.
So cute. My girls started playing with them right away. There are plenty of pieces for both of them to play. Worth the money.
A Favorite at the birthday party stayed on well and not hard to get off
Gorgeous kit for my I do crew
These are great quality
Perfect for what I need
As expected, we used them for pinkfong baby shark party!
My kid loves these things for some reason. Good price for a random assortment but I think because of it being a previous series. He didn't care and it was a Christmas present.
This will definitely do the trick if you're looking to stink up a place. The smell is awful (perfect) and caused one heck of a disruption at my work. Will definitely recommend.
Great for my grandson!
Awesome husband loved it
So awesome to feel like a kid again! I sit on a high-quality exercise ball at my desk and was quite thrilled that this is also a very sturdy ball. I swap it out when I need a boost.
Very thin material but it is cheap and did arrive fast. Good stocking stuffer
Cute and perfect for Frozen fans. the shoes keep falling off but otherwise my daughter loves the doll.
Perfect gift for my 4 yrs old grandsons birthday perfect size for him to manage color. He loved these! Was spotting birds, clouds and planes. He is 4 years old, just the right size for his hands, sturdy enough for them.
Great gift for someone who likes dinosaurs and the Jurassic movies
Keeps my son busy. He loves digging and learning about each fossil he finds.
Used as the ice cooler joke and it worked well
Having had many sets of pop beads that were difficult to pop together in the past, this set really is superior- easy to pop together, lovely colors that don't fade, and such fun shapes! My daughters loves these so much we bought two sets.
This was so easy to assemble! My daughter loves jumping into the ball pit, and its hours of fun! Its really sturdy and such a cute idea!
The remote stunt car is just as advertised. My 3 year old loves it and the best part about it is that it never gets stuck since it has the capability of flipping over. The car actually has a lot more power than I was expecting. Even on thick carpet it has no problems with flipping back and forth. The only thing that was a little disappointing was it didn't come with the Ni-Cd rechargeable battery that the instructions say is included. Instead it takes 4 triple a batteries in which it works great but having the rechargeable battery pack would be a lot better. Overall the car has been a huge hit with my 3 and 8 year old.
I bought these for my kids for chores. They are perfect
Fit adults for our sack races. They were a blast.
Perfect for teaching kids! We go to an outdoor preschool and so we find lots of interesting things to inspect up close.
I love it ... I received on the day that I was expecting. It's very perfect and the box too Thank You !!!!
bought a easter Minnie and matching mickey doll for grand daughter for easter they were 5 dollars each if you spent 35 on toys so i spent 70 on toys so i could but them
Wig was great, dress was light-weight and fit well! Great costume!
Fun and adorable! I love this set and so does my 4 year old. She's always putting things in it's mouth and it's adorable!
got him for mu grandson, he loves his bear, he sits him at his table and talks to him. You can never go wrong with a Gund product, was packed well, and came early.
My child likes it and it made him happy so Daddy's happy.
Good project car lots off of upgrade parts fyi buy ball bearing kit with this purchase plastic bushing wear out fast
This is the cutest ever. The kids loved it.
So much fun. Very sturdy.
Grandkids and pups love this plane. Cant bet the laughs you will get with this.
It's a great product and makes keeping my cards safe easy.
I got this for my 2 half yr old for a road trip, he loved it! He loves drawing on it, I love how big it is and it even comes with drawing stencils and some fun stamps. Great product!
Bought this for Christmas and so far we have had hours of fun with it. Good educational and fun gift. My sister who is a teacher let my 4 year old grandson play with this when she visited and he had so much fun I bought it for him.
Great little set for babies!
Better quality than dollar store products. Loved it.
This was bought as a Christmas gift for my 6 year old grandson. Although more small parts than I would normally purchase as a gift for a young child it was worth it. Not only did he enjoy it thoroughly, it kept all the young ones entertained for quite a while.
super cool toy. Great quality. Also the shipping was pretty fast. Great product for its value.
I bought this for friends child. He is 5 and he loved it. Didn't go to fast and was able to control it. comes with 2 rechargeable batteries. its well put together and looks cool to a kid.
Perfect addition to our HP collection.
Perfect pens for taking notes. Best pens ever.
Great pop. Shipped with care.
Perfect present for the price!
Bought these to keep in my field bad for my drones sense I always forgot my main set. Disassembled pretty much a whole drone and the tolerances where good. Cant beat for the price in my opinion.
Cute, just as expected quality good and quick shipping
This has worked well for my kids!
I'm an adult and they didn't bother me at all. Great idea for parties, camping, etc.Thank you seller !
I bought Jurassic World, Research Lab for my 6 year grandson. He liked how easy it was to play with. He also like the size wasn't small.
My 20 year old disabled son loves to push buttons. He likes the sounds on this one and is able to use it all himself. Our 1 and 4 year old daughters love to play with it as well. It has good sound but is not obnoxiously loud.
This is an amazing tent!! Both my four year old and my nine month old love it so much! They have so much fun with. This company is amazing
I bought this for my niece but the journal feels like great quality. Normally I think of cute fun items like this maybe won't last or the sequins will start to fall off, but I'm impressed with how well it's made.
If you need something to hold your baby's attention for tummy time, look no further!
The toy was purchased for a 4 year old boy. The T-Rex has interesting movements, the eyes light up and it makes loud noises. The 4 year old absolutely loved it!
This campfire is so great. It's also not that small, I'm not sure what some of the other reviews were expecting. The logs are about 1ft long each. The kids love setting it up and and rearranging all the rocks and logs and I love the imagination it brings out. Bonus the canvas bag that it comes with to store all the parts makes me SO happy. Well worth the price.
Super cute and fun! (I had to trim them a bit to get the length I desired. Simple with a scissors)
Made the perfect present, came fast!
My 2 year old loves it!
Very great item from funko pop thank
Grandson loved this!
Love it. I buy one for my daughter every year but finding in party city is hit or miss with the age you need. Amazon always saves the day!
Shipped perfect. This was a Christmas gift and our relative loved it!
The family of math nerds loves it!
They are beautiful my granddaughter will love it.
Perfect quality and puts me at ease with my littlest in it. Soft but reliable rubber for the seat and the chains are strong and good quality too! Definitely up to playground standards but with a price perfect enough to have in our backyard. Easy to set up and definitely safe enough for my precious cargo!
My daughter is 4, and I think it hold her well
I haven't opened the box because the outside packaging is so nicely done so it will be a surprise for me too on Christmas morning. I also like the game Ticket to ride and would love a set myself. Hate those little zip-lock plastic bags that are given with the game to store the trains...they just don't last.
My son loves this toy. The animals are such nice quality too.
This is so cute!! Everything shipped perfectly! I am 9 months pregnant, due next week and I put it together myself! You only need a screwdriver for the flagpole holders, otherwise it came with a little tykes key to screw in the plastic screws!! It is staying inside the playroom and not outside so I don't anticipate any of the bug problems outdoor houses usually have!!! We are sooo happy with this!!
Our grandson loves Buzz Lightyear, but we are yet to see how he will play with it, as it is waiting for our granddaughter's birthday to be revealed...
I just bought this for my granddaughter's birthday and it is adorable. She is going to love it.
When I order from Amazon, one of my pet peeves is returning products that doesn't fit or work. This product is a perfect fit for my specific phone. Installing was easy because the instructions are clear. The quality is superb. This is the first time I ordered from this company. I am open for future products!
It's Legos, it's a fire truck. Not much more to say! Son loves it!
So cute and good quality!
Great product and fast delivery. Will definitely shop again.
This was a gift from my son to my brother, who is a huge Bears fan, for his mancave. This was definitely the big hit on Christmas Day.
Bought for my niece as an xmas gift and she loves them. My daughter had Shopkins when she was younger but they didnt have the world traveler ones. Really cute, good price for the large pack, and arrived very timely.
MY DAUGHTER BOUGHT THIS OUTFIT FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER TO FIT HER AMERICAN GIRL DOLL, ADORABLE OUTFIT AND GOOD PRICE FOR THE PIECES AND THE SHOES EVEN FIT PERFECTLY.
I bought these for my preschool class during our Hanukkah lesson. They all loved learning the game. The direction cards were great.
Looked as pictured. Is to be gift. Cannot comment on durability.
Set way smaller than I thought but very well designed and realist. My soon loved it
The young crazy adults in my family loved it!
Grandson loves it !!!
This is the most amazing device I have ever purchased. It trully lives up to its name: it is useless. You flip the switch to turn it on, and it turns itself off. That's all it does. Yet I kept finding myself flipping the switch all weekend, and each time it became more amusing. The true purpose of this device is pure, child-like amusement. I laughed at this thing. Then I giggled. And I kept giggling. A grown man giggling at such a simple device. If anything will remind you of your carefree youth, this box will do it. Whoever invented this deserves a Nobel Prize.
Great! Easy to assemble and looked sweet for my daughter's first birthday.
This is a lot bigger than I thought which was great for my 5 year olds little hands. There is a great selection of colors to pick from. My 5 year old had a great time painting this and now it takes pride of place on her room. This would make a great gift for unicorn loving kiddos!
Wonderful cake topper and it was pretty too! It's a little on the thin side so be careful when handling but overall a great price and a great buy!
This mat is huge! I was not quite prepared when I opened it. I assumed it'd be smaller. However, it's a great size for tummy time. I'm a little concerned as babies like to drool and chew a bit but I don't think there's anywhere my baby could chew. Even my 3 year old likes to play with it.
Exactly as described.
Got it and charged the 3 batteries using provided cord and a couple that I had because I was anxious to try. Batteries charged quick. One button takeoff and land is nice feature until you get used to controls
I absolutely love this Funko. Freddie Mercury is my favorite singer of all time. Having him in my desk reminds me to be the rockstar I am and take nothing from anyone
Using these to keep the squires off the bird feeder. And they are working great.
Goldie is a great size for an action figure, and this toy entertains the kids for a long time!
Good for special needs kids. I use it for counseling.
I specified exactly what I wanted in a message to them and they got it exactly right and quickly! Thank you!
Nice but I think it isn't very durable...
Really fun a must have for the price
My daughter loves it. That's one of her favorite toy now.
This is an updated version of an old game. The one I bought 20 years ago had smaller wooden pieces and was in a square cardboard box. These pieces are plastic and larger - as it the box. BOTTOM LINE: Lots of sexy fun. Worth the money.
I like everything i see from the moment i open the package . the only problem was the doll box got damaged and doll is ok.. I intend her to be kept in her own box but with the damaged box i think i will un box her. I so love her . I recommend her to an adult doll collector.
Love them. Buy them you won't be sorry
WOW - My kids LOVE this. Especially my 3 year old. He will sit for 30 minutes (rare occasion) and hammer in the nails, take them out, hammer them back in, etc. The balloon blower-upper and tags work great. I would recommend and purchase this item again.
Gave as a gag gift to a person who like Trump. Put it in his office
I've been eagerly waiting the legacy version of my favorite game, especially after the AWFUL expansion. This does not disappoint!
I absolutely love this product. Great value to the party favor bag at my kid's birthday party. Appears to be of high quality and durability. Great treat to put a smile on any child!
Father's Day present from the kids. They have all had many battles and hours of fun
Cute. Love them. Meant for small fingers
my 3 year old loves this! the chin strip is velcro and comes undo easy so i added a snap and now it never falls off. Has elastic in the back which is great so it stretches over her hair in a bun
My son loves this nightlight. The light is a calm yellow tone, and very relaxing.
Arrived on time just like the picture
Good for inspire creativity on the kids
Bought for Granddaughter who is just showing indications of interest in drawing. She loves the gift and has now advanced. For her birthday she gets watercolors and canvas paints. An artist in the making.
So we'll made! It was perfect to see a princess performance at our county fair. My daughter loved it! The cap was kinda junk but we made it work.
This veggie steamer basket is great! I love the handle of this steamer, it makes it so much easier to get it out of the pot.. I have had a couple in the past that wasn't so easy to opens and close, which this one is.. it's very convenient and now are use it makes everything easier for me to prep veggies
I needed this product to help my students with spacial reasoning skills. This worked great because they were able to understand that the blocks could fit into the overall picture in many different ways. I used this with 2nd graders.
Very fun for my twelve year old to build and difficult enough to give him a challenge.
Made a wonderful "GAG" gift. Bought it for a gag gift for my best friend, it was hilarious. Comes in a small package so nothing embarrassing about the gift, just pure fun and a ton of laughs.
My daughter like it.
As a special needs mom I purchase a lot of these squishes. I loved that these came in a reusable bucket and individually wrapped. Quality was great and they compared well to others I have purchased.
My grandson loves it
perfect for our event
My daughter loved the doctor set and the coat is perfect
Haha, really good birthday present for friends' child. Very fast. Easy to control. Nice product.
Love the size! Very lightweight and durable!
My 5-year-old's two favorite things are Thomas the Tank Engine and rainbows. Major win on this birthday gift!
Sent on Connecticut for a Christmas present so I don't know how it was accepted but I'm sure the two year old twin girls thought think it is wonderful. Shipment reached on time.
Great Halloween and cosplay costume.
My kids have fun playing at the beach last week. And perfect sized for kids little hands to handle with.
Lily loves anything that squeaks. This fits the bill.
This is a great product. Customer service attitude good, product packaging good, durable and firm, worth your efforts!It's done well and well designed! You can't compare it to the children's version. This is better. It will also be highly recommended to anyone interested!
Usually my son finishes his puzzles very quickly, this one it took him awhile. Very nice set, pieces fit well together. Would recommend.
Fit the theme very well! My two year old grandson loved the party accessories.
I purchased this playset to go along with the set my nephew got for his birthday. My nephew loves it! Assembly was pretty easy, but the cage took a little more effort. No major issues. We love that the car shoots the spears and net. The mom and baby dinosaur is cute and seem very sturdy. Overall Playmobil is always a win/win for any kid.
Great quality puzzle. This brand is my toddler's favorite. Unique shapes are a bit more challenging. Some of them resemble animals and the cardboard part of the frame has the outlines for each piece.
totally recommendable
Really cute backpack. My daughter loves it! Good size.
This bristle block set has been a huge hit with my 2-year-old son. This is probably his favorite thing to play with right now. I love toys that help my kids use their creativity and imagination. This is one of those. The pieces are easy to put together and take apart. Very safe to use.
So I haven't gotten them yet but I want to say THANK YOU SO MUCH for special shipping them so quickly for my little guy's birthday!!! I chose expedited shipping but it still looked like it might be too late so I emailed them and they're arriving today! Two days after I posted my order and two days pre-Birthday. Super appreciative of their customer service. It's the little things! And I can tell they'll be just perfect for my birthday project. Will update to add pics!
Sure beats doing this manually.
I used this stuffed bird as part of my Halloween costume and everyone loved it. It is so cute that I left it out. It now wears a red ribbon for Christmas.
Don't lose the clear plastic foot stand! It's easy to miss in the package and without that, your junky is going to fall over. This Junk Pop is so cute!
The 6 year old girls love them... I even took one for myself
Cutest little car set! Lots of bright colors and each with its individual look. Perfect for little kids to play and work on imaginary play/language/fun! Great size for little toddler hands!
a perfect touch! Loved them!
These are really cute can't wait to put them on my son's cake. He was really excited about them.
Granddaughter loved this
Perfectly packaged and very cute, simple and elegant. Bought these for my bridal shower.
The kids loved these! Very cute!
I bought this a couple of weeks back for my younger niece. She loves this thing in pools. It goes on n on. I like the overall built. I haven't faced any issues with the initial setup. This is a very good giftable item and I feel its good for folks with the age around 10. For younger kids, i would not recommend this as this thing just goes fast in the pool. Overall, I liked this and will recommend this.
My 18 month old loves this toy. Out of everything she got for Christmas this one captivates her attention for longer periods of time and it's so simple!
Bought this as a brithday gift for my 3-year-old niece and she loves it! The magnets make it extra fun as well as the variety of colors on the screen. Great toy! We are very pleased with the quality.This drawing board is great I love the different colors! Highly recommended, well worth the price!!!
Happy and satisfied customer! Thank you.
You can always need batteries..
Birthday celebration and it looks like it's going to be just what I was looking for
very nice toy! Kids love to play with them
My daughter loves it. The sound quality is pretty good for the price.
I love it! It's easy to operate and is very fast and reliable!
These were a good size for smaller kids. They have not broken yet, update, still in gpod shape not broken or bent! Love these.
My two toddles really love to play in this splash mat, they have a lot fun. It is easy to set up.
Exactly as advertised - fit great and does the job.
Got this for my 5-yr old martial arts student granddaughter. Her and her fitness geek dad love it. He said it was set up in a flash, is really sturdy, and they're having a blast with it.
This is a fantastic toy. My four year old grandson loved it. He is a very quick learner. This is perfect.
I've ordered these twice. They are perfect for decorating a cake!
Item received as indicated.
Received fast, quick to ship. Perfect for parties. Lightweight but durable. Not scratchy or hard.
My nephews loved these. They had a funny smell (probably the plastic) but who doesn't love a slap on bracelet?
We got this for our 16 month old grandson and he loves it!!! He's spend hours playing with these magnets. We put them on our deep freezer so he can easily reach them and has a lot of space to move them around. The portable board that comes with it is nice to use on long car rides, or to take along when visiting friends with no children.
perfect paint near perfect box...love this funko
Bought this as a gift for my brother, a big Harry Potter and Fantastic Beast fan. He was thrilled to get them and they make a great addition to any Harry Potter and Fantastic Beast collection.
Just another crayola marker. Many of the colors are repeated up to three times, nothing really special. Good for teachers.
Daughter loved this gift for Christmas.
Purchased for our 4 year old granddaughter. She and her mother have a fun time creating with this kit. Very cute idea.
Item arrived very quickly and in perfect condition, No dents or rips in the box and Sora himself is in perfect condition. No chips, dents or paint imperfections which is awesome. Very happy with this purchase and glad to add this to my Sora collection
My toddler loves this dress!
Nice coin, pleased with quick service and delivery!
If you're into Adult coloring books then you probably already know that gel pens and sharpie are easier to color with. HOWEVER, if you really want to shadow and shade and be more realistic, you gotta have the pencils! And these are as good as the higher prices ones. Beware of the cheaper sets though, they can take the joy right out of it!
I purchased the Race Car Take-A-Part toy for my 5 year old son. He was able to put it together and take it apart easily. He was kept busy for a long time between building, playing and taking apart the car. My older boys ages 11 and 10 enjoyed playing with it as well. The screw driver can be used for other imaginary play as well. I recommend the Race Car Take-A-Part for children of all ages. Great Toy!!!
My nephew had a great time playing on this musical mat Perfect gift for babies crawling and fun activity
my grandson loved this big batch of tracks
I'm a professional photographer, so when I photograph baby showers (I always include a photo booth) I like cute props. These were the best and a big hit!
This product was for my grandson who will be going into collecting and preserving butterflies and such. He liked the net very much, It is very well made.
The young man I gave this to thought it was GREAT
The coloful LED lights are very twinkling when the car toys moving. My kids love them so much, they played with them almost every moment. The shipping was quite fast . Very satisfied with them. And It's a good idea to send the car toys to my friends' kids as gift someday.
Bought for a friend recovering from an injury. Super soft and cute and good for snuggling. I saw some buyers had a problem with the belly button. I checked it out when it arrived and honestly, for me, didn't bother me. It's just part of the design. Would recommend.
Charges batteries just fine
I LOVE this pop. He is my main, and his pop is adorable! There are a lot of problems mentioning him standing, but if you use the stand that comes with him that's not an issue.
Fits 2 adults max. Inflates really easy with an air pump like those used for air mattresses. They were easy to travel with, inflate and deflate. Recommend it and would buy again.
Grandson loved it and has had it on his backpack for several weeks now.
Fun for grand daughter
The d8 isn't the same color as the other die and the d4 isn't numbered correctly and is also a regular size d4. They are very light weight..but all around They are just ok Revision: so i learned that mini d4 are numbered differently and read from the bottom..that being said good dice set
Our 5 year old loves to fish so I wasn't sure if this toy would be too young for him. But he opened the box and started fishing even before putting it in the water. He enjoyed playing with it in the bath tub also.
Bought this for my great nephew and he loves them. He's all about dinosaurs right now and thinks these are the coolest. Score
Lol this thing is low key satisfying. I gave the unicorn to my Niece, but kept the unicorn poop lol It's magnetic and comes with a magnet. Sometimes I find my self playing with it in between work.
Cute set for bathroom play time.
Fits into the doll house I built for my daughter.
They go fast and far. Great but!
Bought this 1 months ago by twins are now 7 months and still love this, this mat is a fun way to add some sensory play to my little ones tummy time! they love looking at the colors and watching the animals float around.
Great pool, used it for a kids party and it held up great. The color is more of an aqua green than blue. No holes, inflated easily, would buy again. Price is great.
It looks awesome hope my grandson will think the same
My daughter who is a teenager loved this item. It was well made, lots of details, and was a fun and unique item. It's very huggable.
My niece enjoyed this
This stuffed goat is precious!! It's SO incredibly soft! It's a tad more than I'd normally pay for a stuffed animal but you can tell it's great quality
We used this for a birthday party. Made with a durable card stock, I actually put these up and intend to use them again next year. If we have more children in the future I will use it for the gender reveal party.
my son was super excited to receive this for his birthday.
Got this for my daughter who is into how to train your dragons. She saw this and hasn't taken it off except for bed time. Worth every penny to see the joy in her eyes
I bought this for my brother's birthday and he loved it! I liked how it came with tons of ammo, very cool gift.
its a brand name toy-- so you know what you are going to get. it is exactly as described. I found it is good for Kindergarten and up. Good rainy day/ cabin game.
My daughter loves to play with it. It keeps her engaged.
My 6 year old likes this and keeps him engaged. He doesn't really care scratching for making an art at the moment but enjoys scratching the whole note till the end. I give them to kids who visit our house for play and they seem to enjoy as well. Also gave these for my son's Valentine's day schools gifts, hope they enjoyed it too !