Mozart is not in dispute. He and his life were rare supremacy. Unfortunately, the direction and camera work of this film is insulting to Mozart.
Good heavens. Is this a money-laundering scheme? How dare anyone make a movie this bad? Ham-fisted acting, amateur camera work, an insulting musical score consisting of the same repeated ood scary phrase.. A chimpanzee could have written better dialogue. Don't waste you time.
Made me feel like I was being manipulated through propaganda. I hate that. No thank you.
This makes the British look like scared fools. And, my grandfather was no liberal coward.
The film simply blamed this young woman for men raping and mistreating her. The woman did not cheat on any one but was sexually free and she is demonized for it while no accountability is being passed to the men who were in relationships, in power, or who raped her. The movie only shows her as one dimensional and viewers have little info about how or why she is in the predicament that she's in. This movie is disgusting. Very poorly done. Seems like the writer has a personal problem with Nichole that maybe he should try to resolve. Smh
A lot of people had mentioned that it had become a documentary of our times, despite it's humor-based start. That could not be further from the truth. It does live up to its name.
When I first starting watching this, I thought that it was satire; sadly, it's not. Houdini needs to come back from the dead to debunk this show and others like it. Humanity has no hope.
Wouldn't play. Stopped 3 x and then wouldn't restart at all. I won't be doing this again anytime soon!
Too slow and drawn out!
If you want to watch a film about a writer who finds the cause of her agoraphobia through encounters with a weird fan who never does anything but look scary plus three characters that seem to morph around blowing her mind. It was intense enough to cause me to watch it to the end, which never resolved anything that caused me to watch it in the first place. I felt cheated outta my nickle.
As all the other reviews state, this is just an awful english dub that completely ruins the atmosphere.
It was hard to understand what was being said, not clear with the portrayed accents. Did not like commentary throughout movie. Not at all what I expected from a Statham or Pitt movie.
Can't believe I payed for this. Wish I could get my money back. It's not a Halloween show at all. It's basically a regular episode. We expected a Halloween show. The kids could've watched regular peppa pig for free. False advertising for sure and not worth $7
I like these actors, but this movie was just plain awkward, with a poorly handled story line. It was very slow with side distractions and not funny or entertaining. In fact there were times I was just plain embarrassed for the actors with the lines and situations they had to perform. And it seemed like Steve Carell couldn't determine if he was still acting in Office Space or supposed to be a grieving father.
Was really looking forward to this but it keeps coming up with an Error msg. I've checked back a number of times throughout the day...same thing!
SO DID I GET CHARGED?
Every hear someone talk as though every word was important? Ever read a long long email all in caps? When every word is important no word is. When all letters are shouted in email, who cares? In this movie there is almost nothing but fight scenes. Not fight scenes where you are taught how to fight, just lots of fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting. Get the Idea? Apparently the writers ran out of ideas and are hoping the audience will be suckered enough to watch it. The movie has no arc. It's just bam, bam. bam. Do not waste your money or your time on this movie unless maybe you have not reached puberty yet. A true monument to Steven Segal (even though he wasn't in it.)
It's a consensus in our house - a complete waste of our time!
Very disappointed, nowhere close to the originals. Terrible acting, bootleg quality. Had so much potential, what a letdown.
Watch something else.
Atrocious... just bad all the way around. Skip if you can.
a review in order to leave a rating. Mine's short: no.
I wanted to like this, I really did. I watched the whole movie but honestly there is absolutely nothing about this that even earns it one star, I just can't give it negative stars....don't waste your time.
terrible acting. i cant believe i watched it all the way through
Very slow and boring movie
A two hour "revenge flick" that takes over an hour to just get to the start of the revenge part. The girl Mandy is entirely uninteresting and unlikable. Cage's character is largely incompetent and also unlikable. But, if you're looking for a psychedelic "love story" and classic Cage over-acting, then this just might be the revenge story for you.
If you enjoy movies that seem interesting at first but have no real story, zero explanation and no depth, while watching the main characters slowly run to their death due to their out-of-this-world stupidity, then go right ahead this movie is for you. Glad I didn't have to pay for the 3/4 I watched.
Hard to believe the high ratings this received on Amazon and IMDB. I don't get it. The story was lame, the acting was lame, and the art was lame. The characters joked in the movie about how the public would sometimes comment that a kid could produce the artwork they were showing. I had the same thought. I also think a kid could have written this script.
Unauthorized purchase I couldn't get taken off
Couldn't even make it through this one and I'm a Segal fan.
Basic production. Hard to follow story line. The story line has more to do with the main character's screwed up psyche than it does rescuing little girls. There is virtually no action. The acting is mediocre at best.
Maybe I wouldn't hate it if I could understand what they're saying where's the English!
The movie keeps stopping.
Otherwise I would really be angry! The acting was atrocious and the entire production was amateurish. Pass on this one.
I've never felt compelled to leave a review before, but I'm giving this 1 star. "Sorry, no offense toward anybody, it's just that's the day and age we live in." "And, Merry F*****g Christmas."
I did not see this film in theaters, a first for me with the Star Wars franchise. Five minutes and I could not fathom the incompetence displayed by the characters. Twenty minutes in and I had to stop the film. The next day I was able to make it about fifteen minutes before stopping. This film is simply trash. If you want the feel of space adventure and have not seen Ice Pirates, go watch that, it is a far better movie. Disney has killed the Star Wars franchise.
Never ordered, don't know how to get a refund.
Lost me as soon as the advisor tells the president that congress is cutting the defense budget! That never happens no matter who is in the white house. It goes downhill from there.
Sucks, maybe kids under 10 will be entertained by this. I had to fast forward and every scene I stopped on the way was just as uninteresting.
This is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies of all time. I'm pretty angry that Amazon is trying to sell this abysmal piece of crap to me.
I did not order this video. Please take it off my bill
Couldn't watch due to language barrier
The "colonel" wears chevrons...not an eagle or oak leaf cluster to be seen! It's all downhill from there for this stinker.
Honestly, between the amazing world class acting and CGI that could embarrass the makers of Jurassic World, as I watched my penis went inside like a scared turtle. I wish I had more hands to give this movie 4 thumbs down. Calling this movie a horror movie was the most offensive part of it all. I need to apologize to the Romero family for this obscene piece of material. I am sorry to those that watched it.
Utterly ridiculous. So many dead ends and hanging questions, just a waste of time.
I did not make it past 10 minutes. Too violent!
Ordered twice by mistake. need to cancel
I saw this & was excited to hear from a "blast from the past"! Unfortunately....... what I got was a "dud".
If you wanted to people to watch your movie, why would you make it so hard to watch? More than half this movie is pure blackness and chaotic spasms of light from a flashlight or match. It's only about an hour long but I couldn't make it through. Perhaps I would have if I cared about either character.
While an entertaining idea for a movie, the presentation of the concept could NOT have been worse. Not once did I laugh, even though this is supposed to be a comedy. The producers must think that everyone is stupid. This movie is way over-priced and not at all worth $15. The lead characters are great in general, but this movie was beyond terrible.
Dust your house. You will accomplish something and enjoy dusting more than this movie.
Started out alright then turned into one of those ghost and supernatural (waste of life) garbage shows, not even a quarter of the way through and they started talking about ghosts. Move along before you are disappointed.
There isn't a zero star rating. I can't believe that a movie Morgan Freeman and Renee Russo were in could be this unforgivably bad. Like they grabbed a few people and started spit-balling the worst lines they could imagine.
The entire story makes no sense. Does anyone honestly think that a dead body in the trunk for days isn't going to smell? Bad acting, stupid story line. Waste of time.
We didn't finish watching it....pretty lame story and bad acting. Would have given a zero star if possible.
Another Haunted House would be better sorry Marlon. Didn't like it.
This was one of the worst movies we have watched this year. OMG. It was rife with OVER acting, the dialogue was stilted and it gave me the impression this was poorly adapted from an off Broadway play. I wouldnt waste money on renting this.
Dont do it- the movie is awful
I couldn't even watch the whole movie because Jessica Lange's character is so cringy. Basically, she's an air head with an overly active libido who can't put two thoughts together and has no respect for herself, her husband or her family. Kind of like a 1950's Kim Kardashian or Paris Hilton, just trash!
Purchased by mistake. Wanted movie. Wasted my money
I thought this movie was going to have a scary demon in it. I mean, look at the title and the title picture. However, most of the movie is of this poor girl in a closet. And the end... Really? There was about 6 minutes of supernatural. Waste of time...
Somehow this movie was deathly boring. A spy-action thriller without any action, or thrills. Just one lukewarm plot point dragged over 2 hours. Don't bother.
This hodge-podge knock-off of Alien/Predator/Jurassic Park is so filled with ridiculousness that it's only worthwhile as a "drinking game" of some sort. As a Sci-Fi thriller, it's worse than pathetic. You have a "mad genius" who spouts mind-numbingly incorrect political philosophy and is NO genius. You have the token female bad-ass who is pretty much useless throughout. You have endless jump-scares that aren't scary because they are utterly predictable. You have partial shots of a badly-lit rubber suit monster. You have the rubber-suit's first-person view, which is predictably distorted, as if a creature that sees that way is somehow superior but really can't see well enough to tell up from down. This flick has got it all! ALL the cliche's you could ever ask for in one lame flick. I couldn't finish; I made it about 3/4 and suddenly thought: "I don't even care how this ends." What a waste of time (and whatever the budget for this mess was).
it was a complete waste of time and laptop battery
I did not order this. Never watched the movie. Did not wish to make this purchase!
Beautiful movie until the end, when it took a disappointing turn and became a piece promoting euthanasia. Not recommended.
This is not a good movie and the cast is pretty bad so that doesn't leave much to like about it. the plot and dialog are pretty lame but if you like low budget buddy movies perhaps there's something here to like.
I'd like to watch this but the picture is so jerky that i can not look at it for an hour. Don't know if the actual movie is good or not.
Acting is really bad
That scene where they're at dinner and Frances McDormand says she can't believe someone has never seen their partner's butthole, well ... granted Hollywood is more experimental than the rest of the country, but ... you guys are waaay too old to be having that conversation, trying so hard to be hip and cool, just lame.
I was a huge fan of this series years ago, and was blown away when I heard this movie was happening at last. Unfortunately, I found this movie to be extremely disappointing. This was definitely a low-effort cash-in. There are a TON of flashback scenes using footage from the old series. The writing isn't the same, and the dialogue seems off song from the old show.
If you're looking for a love story about pencils with an ad for an electronic one about halfway through but with no real substance, then this documentary is for you!
Waste of time, awful movie!!!
My kids love Power Rangers... this is not for kids!!!! Lots of killing and bad language, not was I was expecting at all. This is nothing like the power rangers tv show.
This is not for kids. Horrible. Bloody shark swimming around saying it will of into your room and you will meet your doom. Who approved this and rated it as G?!
Nothing interesting. C list movie at best. As sophomoric as a script can get. Do not waste your time or money.
could barely watch 10 minutes. What is the point? so lets you have a certain category of mass produced vehicles. Let's all band together like sheep and pretend to be a community. Like sheep really?
Seriously? Really? The finale is STILL not ready? My rating has absolutely NOTHING to do with the season, but I do hope that it sends a message to whoever is responsible for uploading content. Post things at the time that you promise it for paying customers. I lost so much sleep last night waiting for the upload and here we are, well into Friday and still nothing. Fed up with whoever is accountable.
Not recommended. I was so annoyed by the main characters that by the end I hoped the entity would just off them already. The only redeeming quality is some decent cinematography and scenery - The urban decay of parts of Detroit added a gloomy backdrop.
The Actors and Actresses were great but the script is horrible; too much politics. And, it doesn't explain itself to the audience; shame on them. I can now delete this from my digital library forever. Don't follow my lead on this one because it wouldn't be worth your time.
This was the most disturbing movie I have ever seen!!! I wanted to go back in time and rescue the girl and her sister. There is a special place in hell for those who torture children. I hope the real life perpetrator is burning in hell right now. It made me ill to think this movie was based on a true story. Very, very hard to watch !!
Horrible,just horrible.......
Streamed this movie using the amazon app on my TV the audio was really low but the music was loud couldn't hear what the characters where saying
The only reason I watched this is because I got it for free on prime a while ago. What an awful, disgusting movie! It was barely tolerable! The first one was bad, too. Do yourself a favor and avoid this. I certainly don't recommend it.
I watched this because it had Garfield in it. The movie meanders aimlessly and never truly goes anywhere. A big zero, and total waste of time.
Slow and boring, actors think this is oscar caliber acting hahahaha NO! Definite waste of time unless you need something to sleep, the suspect is ridiculous....
Too long of nothing for small payoff. Disappointed
Don't waste your time
through the entire show because I couldn't see anyone hiking, just talking heads.
A little interest ing. Had to turn it off when they showed Jessica Han rolling around in a sheer nighty. Could have made their point about her without showing that. Glad there were no children in the room when that came on!
It saddens me to say that an industry that has such passionate and large audience spins out such drivel. We definitely need people who can invest the time to learn the art and make engaging content rather than wasting everyones time with crap like this. Zero stars.
Only had two "jokes" that even made me giggle
The trailer made this seem like a visually stunning creepy movie. What it actually turns out to be, is the most pretentious piece of dog shit I've ever seen. Anyone who rated this movie anything more than 1 star, or worked in the production of it, is a delusional c*nt. I would go on, but that would be all the more time this movie stole from me. F*ck you Nicholas Cage.
Really really slow...
I didn't feel anything for any of these characters. This kid does all these things that a reasonable person wouldn't do (as mentioned in the review below me). There's always some slutty girl in these types of movies trying to seduce someone, except this one is not a looker and sounds like a ditz. No one would have stayed in this house for another minute unless you have a mental disorder. I was finally waiting for a twist, too, since I knew this couldn't just be it. Then the twist comes, and you're like wtf? That's it? I feel like this movie could have been done better if it was done by the creators of Black Mirror. I was on a streak of good films on Amazon until I just watched this one. Don't waste your time.
These documentaries are all the same. No real evidence. It's two hours of discussing the same thing over and over again. Sure there are witness testimonies okay fine, but nothing more. They go as far as showing UFO clips that have be seen all over YouTube that have nothing to do with the ranch at all, The entre documentary can be summed up by just watching the trailer.
Sheesh, i couldn't sit through it. Just didnt keep my attention.
Scam - Paid for the movie but it is not the 2019 version
The slowest movie I've ever seen
Turns out fish love just isn't my thing. But more power to them. Also really boring movie.
Rented this vid but was unable to watch most of it due to stopping, no sound, poor stream quality. Definitely not worth the rental price.
I've seen and read a lot on this topic. This film is weak. Save your time.
I have the same problem that so many others have had. I paid $20 for what I thought was season 2 and only got previews.
I can die now knowing I have seen one of the worst films ever made
Absolutely the most amazing horror story ever, where a series of unconnected coincidences lead to absolutely nothing interesting happening... Thrill to poor bicycle maintenance, a systemic infection, a crew member behaving erratically and Zak going cross eyed. Yes the most compelling documentary since Thomas Jenkins' thrilling "A Brief History of Toast"!
Awful. Based on the preview I was expecting something a bit more well made. Unfortunately I was disappointed, the writing was awful dialogue wise and the camera work was just atrocious. We made it 15 minutes in and turned it off.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. This is a horrible movie about self-absorbed so-called humans basically abusing their dogs. In no form should it be called entertaining or a comedy. Considering the actors in the movie, i am not the least bit surprised.
Can not be watched in English even though it give you the option
Unfortunately a brain injury survivor does not just "pop out of bed" like a daisy. Very unrealistic - should have consulted a medical professional.
It's like watching a visual audio book with the story telling grace of reading from an excel spread sheet. Would you like to watch a movie where you are told the plot and what is happening, with nothing ever being acted out? This is an abomination.
Couldn't watch more than two episodes- awful predator
This was a waste of an hour & a half. Boring with small pockets of interest. Swipe left on this one.
I lost a Son and there is no way I would want to visit, love and etc someone who was a murderer. I would not recommend this waste of a movie. Good actresses are the only reason I watched it.
Unbearable to watch...
I was charged for this movie and no one in my household saw it so wtf amazon CANCEL THIS ORDER!
The acting was good. The movie was slow and boring until the very end. I'm surprised I got there.
Paid for only 1 episode...
The movie was ridiculous. So much non sense. The characters were so poorly developed I didn't care about any of them. The dialogue was so cliche! I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it was written by an eighth grader. Also, despite it not being PC, I have to say this "badass teenage girl teams up with weak beta-cuck whiny sissy-boy after beating him up" is getting very very old.
I don't see how people enjoy watching kids being mean to each other. It's Not the behavior I wish to teach my kids or the perception I want them to have towards others or school.
There's five minutes gone that I'll never get back.
Acting was horrible and movie very cheaply made. Could have been ok with the right actors and a bigger budget. Don't waste your time.
Can't believe they made a movie about emojis.
I really want to like something with Lance Henriksen in it besides Millennium and Aliens. Alas, this is not it. Whoever did costumes and set design needs to get out of their own head and start looking at what real people and places look like. I seriously didn't know for a long time whether this was supposed to be the 80s or today. The rear window rip off was interesting for about 5 seconds. Those were the only enjoyable seconds in the movie.
I purchased the season and never got it AND , there is no customer service phone number ANYWHERE to have the problem resolved. I buy a lot from Amazon but will re-think my ordering in the future.
Bad acting, bad screenplay and a Hannity cameo.....pathetic.
Not as appropriate for kids as I thought it would be. Did not like at all
As others have stated, Amazon is not releasing new episodes in even remotely a reasonable time frame after the air date. I bought the entire season ahead of time thinking I would be able to watch without much of a delay and I am very disappointed. Will be inquiring about a refund.
Predictable, and not much entertainment.
Not the ending I hoped for as an American. There's already too much of this out there. Would not recommend.
chromebook wont play it. copyright error. if its a copyright error then why the hell did amazon have the audacity to rent me the damn thing
What a piece of CRAP!
What was two hours could've been condensed to maybe an hour. It felt like they took the anime version of a never give up third act and extended it for an entire hour. There were times that I would check how much time is remaining in the movie because I was sure that it was almost over. The story itself has potential; however, they don't develop characters as well as they think they did. Because of that the movie comes off somewhat incoherent.
I give this a negative 5. It has no point, and no plot. Even as a trailer this would be bad. An abusive lesbian almost couple gets killed by a guy with a hammer. The end.
bad acting and boring plot
I have had Amazon prime for years and somehow my fifth child a three-year-old purchases eight things in one month
I tried to watch this but my screen was just black the whole time with only sound. Waste of money. Definitely won't be renting from amazon again.
Not what my wife and I remembered. Very disappointing classic.
Finally a real ROCK and ROLL band that can play. The era of Jonas and Swift are over!
Got scammed by Amazon and wasted $30
The characters in this film are not as refined as its predecessors. They are much too cringy and is only suitable for those under five years of age.
Took a chance to watch something cute from Amazon. Got this instead. Didn't mention it was a Hallmark TV movie and I have no idea how it got five stars from anybody. This is a zero star movie.
I am really surprised to see all the high ratings.
Not near the original nor the other remake. Acting ok but directing and editing poor
The movie stunk. We should have watched the trailer then we could have saved money and not gone through the agony to sit through 5 minutes of it. I'd give it negative stars if it were an option
Season 4 in Tampa just doesn't have the chemistry that the NOLA seasons (1 - 3) do. The stories just aren't as compelling, and I actually found myself bored. Even the filming isn't as good. The first responders in Tampa are wonderful human beings, but the interactions are pretty flat as far as TV viewing goes. I guess the difference is the magic of NOLA, but then I'm from Louisiana, so they are my people.
This is a pointless and frustrating film with so much shock value added it seemed like a joke. I was so disappointed! Not scary at all, just pointless endeavor after pointless endeavor. If I could take my time and money back I would.
Just a show about dysfunctional sex...
Stupidity is not entertaining !! Pathetic movie
Once I clicked on to the movie to watch it I could hear it but not watch the was no picture. Not sure what to do.
This is the worst movie I have EVER seen, and I have seen some real stinkers. Everyone walked out on this movie 30-minutes in. I stayed. It was like a train wreck, you just have to look, even if it is horrible. This is HORRIBLE. PLEASE, save yourself. DO NOT WATCH this crap.
Poor movie, plot, acting, purpose, directing, producing.
The movie buffered halfway through and wouldn't stop and we had to turn it off
Even if your're bored, it's not worth watching.
worst in the series.... forced myself to rent it just because I figured it would at least be ok,...I Was Wrong Don't Waste your $$ too...
Don't ever make the mistake to buy an event like this through here. No pause, rewind or anything!!!! What the hell ?!?! What kind of streaming is that?!?!
Extremely difficult to watch. The download kept freezing about a gazillion times.
All white interior and the guy was bleeding profusely yet nobody had blood on them, no blood on the carpet or anywhere......really!!??
Paid for this. Got charged for this. It would not download. I want a refund.
The plot was just atrocious - stereotypical and such cliche at the end too. No effort in this movie at all.
Should be free it's been off the air how long and I got Amazon prime
I loved the original movie so I was open to a remake or spin on the original but this movie...is not worth your time. Somehow, I actually made it to the end (I had to see how it ended after making it so far)...and the ending was just as disappointing as the rest of the movie. Find another movie if you are cruising Prime Video for something to watch...this isn't it.
She is completely miscast in this. Acting seems forced. Not buying her as anyone vicious or cruel. Despite trying she just looks warm and loving and too classy. This is also like a slow moving , miscast , boring, makes no sense production... Cinematography is good.
The only way to watch the games are through the phone app? The built in amazon app on my TV won't even find the game. It literally does not exist. If Amazon can't put in the effort to sync their services across all platforms, this is a complete waste and downright misleading for those who purchased prime for this reason. I would rate this a zero if I could. Easily the worst thing amazon has put out in years.
Wouldn't watch it till the end even if somebody will pay me!
This is NOT season 2. It is the second third of season 1.
possibly the most bland, uninteresting sci-fi film ever produced
Waste of money renting this. Watched about 5 mins. before my husband and I couldn't stand it any longer. Not funny.
Don't waste your time.
I kept waiting for it to get more involved. Seems that the movies now are desperately reaching for story lines. This movie was a complete waste of time.
Got through about 25 minutes. Gross.
Season two of Goliath contains gross torture pornography; I quit watching and I won't go back. Be warned.
Not taking away anything from the people IN the doc. The production and the music sucked the life out of the story and really destroyed what could be a good film. Whomever made this should not make anymore films.
I disliked the movie. My kids disliked the movie. My neighbors disliked the movie. My dog disliked the movie.
One of the worst movies I've attempted to watch. A joke.
Can someone explain why these tedious home movies or ANYTHING about this pathetically bizarre family was made into a movie? And, who is that person's face on the movie cover? - the director no doubt; God, how funny.
Unpleasant and nowhere near funny. Annoying.
I'd heard a good review so spent $5.95 to watch it. My friend and I agree that it was one of the slowest, dullest, least captivating movies we've ever seen. We both enjoy movies of this genre but this one is not worth the time or cost.
All I got to see was the trailer to this movie. There was no link to click on to watch the actual movie. Very disappointed!
It really is almost completely different story than the older movie, the play, and the book. I keep watching about 10 minutes of it and then turning this movie off because the minor details that the movie changed were the important and pivotal ones from the book by Lew Wallace. I can normally handel this, but in this instance it is done so often that the main theme of it all is lost in this retelling.
This looks like a show for toddlers, right? This is super scary and creepy. It has lyrics like "invading your friend's brain" and "if you're not fast enough you'll never come back" on the Monster Island. Then the Flying Scary Shark has lyrics about coming down your chimney and creeping into your room. This is such a bad show! I wish I'd previewed it before showing my toddler. It looked age appropriate. IT IS NOT OKAY FOR LITTLE KIDS!
The past seasons of this show we're fantastic; excellent acting, characters, and storylines. This season has taken an extreme nose dive. The writing here is awful, cliche, and boring. I could count on this show for true quality entertainment with good morals and values. The morals and values remain, which I love, but without the great writing of past seasons, and some beloved characters leaving the show, I'm done with it. It's not worth watching, and I feel as though my money has been wasted on this fifth season. Honestly, I want my money back! People,if you want to see this 5th season, just wait for it to be available on Netflix (if you have it).
Once again I thought the trailer for this movie looked pretty good and once again I was wrong. This is a no plot, no direction, and no talent movie. If you are having trouble sleeping lately and no sleeping pills are working you are in luck. For the cost of this video after 5 minutes of watching it you will be sleeping like a baby. If for any other reason you rented this pathetic movie you just threw your money away. () STARS!!!
TRASH. Just on Amazon Primes part. The most recent episode isn't up and it's been over 12 hours since air time.
Good true story, however movie strayed too far from the truths of the Winchester house & etc.
Was very boring and roo predictable
That was an hour and forty-eight minutes of my life wasted... If you're a fan, don't bother even trying to watch this... Terrible research on her life and fatal accident, horrible acting, FYI...Jayne Mansfield never in her life looked like a drag queen in a five dollar Walmart Halloween wig...the entire movie was pretty much a character assassination of her, we know she had her demons but this was completely out of line. I'm sure they lost money on their 20.00 film budget.
This could be a great documentary to show why Michael is wrong, lies or deceives people for money however the documentary focuses little on what he did and more on similar tactics that Michael takes to get his points across. Doesn't make sense to call one person UN-american and then take similar tactics to prove your point.
When a movie is free on prime, it is probably a bad B-movie, but this one is even worst! Al Pacino why? The story is lacking at every scene. There is no connection!, no meaning of the hangman puzzle, nothing! Do not watch it and hope that it will not be any sequel!
so poorly acted, ridiculous characters. Stupid
I haven't got my order and it's been a month
The previews made this movie seem awesome and thrilling! It was so far fetched and not scary at all. My daughter, parents and I were disappointed!
Absolutely through the roof disappointed that the video stream was absolutely terrible!!! Every minute it would pause! A little over an hour wasted because of this. Talk about a house of unhappy people!! I will never again use the UFC app thankfully amazon refunded me for it and I purchased on amazon instead sucked having to pay full price when I lost a total of an hour and 15min because UFC app was so bad!!!
Disappointed I bought it... it was just a movie to watch it had some good spots but..... Avengers 1, 2 and infinity war was better then this.. lastly to much curse words for a teens movie...
I like David Lynch and Duran Duran, but this was unwatchable. I don't understand why Lynch would just throw on some filters and random imagery and call it a day. Lynch's TV commercials would make a better video background for this music.
He's having an affair with an underage boy, which makes him a pedophile and the parents are okay with it. This movie is bad and twisted; the boy could have had a deep admiration...even infatuation for Oliver; it would have been a better movie to focus on a special and unique relationship with meaning; but instead they added the perversion which was uncomfortable; not just because it was homosexual; but because it was bad. I just did not see that they had established that there was anything meaningful between the two and not necessarily anything to warrant a physical relationship...just because Oliver was tall and handsome and the boy was horny was not enough. The location was nice and tranquil; too bad the movie does not quite cut it.
Worst movie I've watched in a long time! Bad acting and poorly written! Don't waste your money!
I didn't even know this was a horror-comedy until after I wasted my life watching list lame film and then read the reviews. I didn't laugh once during the entire movie. This movie is beyond stupid and an insult to the horror genre.
I have a Master's Degree in European History and I found this treatment of an important historical event deadly dull. About 2 hours longer than it needed to be.
This movie could have gotten the same message, plot, and story line across in about 15 minutes; instead, it lasted forever with no added benefit. Poor acting, spotty story line, and a poorly developed plot this just awful.
This movie just sucks
the picture quality was so bad and about a 1/2 second behind the dialog no matter how many times i tried to restart it. i even switched browsers thinking maybe that would help.
Didn't look closely enough at the blurb. It ANIMATED and poorly at that! I would have had more entertainment watching my $4 swirling around in the toilet. Our 11 year old grandson lost interest about 1/2 way through.
I did not order this
Don't even bother , horrible filming , lighting , acting and story line what was this garbage I just watched .
not sure what i was watching but it wasn't it
Um if your making a documentary you might want to include at least one sentence that is evidence to support your claim.
Before I bought this Movie the one thing that I liked was that the details mention the movie was in English but to my surprise when I invited friends over to see the movie, IT WAS IN CHINESE! My devices are supported for all options (subtitles on or off, choice of audio language) after I tried all choices my movie still played in Chinese! Very disappointed trying to get a refund or some help from amazon tech or customer service, so far no luck!
Soooooo sad. This show has such an awesome concept and such talented Queens, but it looks like it was filmed by a high school AV club. I've seen vine videos with better production value. The camera work was shoddy, it sounded like the camera microphone was the only audio equipment used, and the the effects leave little to be desired. I'm not sure if it's a budget issue but I do truly hope someone can fix it because I could see this show being unbelievably awesome the production aspect just needs some hard core TLC.
I managed to make it through the end. Good gosh, they made a sequel? Why on earth would a man make one (yes pun intended)?
this is the WORST movie ever! the acting is horrible. the plot is ridiculous. our society should be "thinned" from all actors, writers, directors, and producers of this movie.
Looked like it was going to be another homage to 80's horror in the vein of Ti West but it just doesn't know what it wants to be and wraps everything up in a really sloppy way. Setup, location and atmosphere are all there they just didn't know what to do with all of that after they jumped into the actual story. Kind of a disappointing miss since that is my only real complaint. All of the pieces were there for a great throwback horror movie and it was all squandered
What a letdown. The perps were clowns, the victims were unconvincing, and the accents were so thick one needs subtitles to know what they're saying. I had to bail about halfway through this boring, tedious mess. By that time I didn't really care what was going to happen, if anything ever did. If you want to see a truly terrifying home invasion movie, watch "The Strangers" instead.
Some parts were good, but I don't buy that they'd just leave a brother in that shit hole. Not happening. Lost me there.
To make this level of extreme accusations about alien lizard people living under ground in Antarctica, being provided for and protected by our government....school children being shipped off to the moon under the ruse of a field trip and back just in time for dismissal.....observing others being silenced for stumbling upon the bodies prepared for intergalactic human trafficking, memories being erased...and yet, here he is, (alive) spilling all the beans with memory intact. Let's not get into the complete change of subject on all the organizations performing child sacrifices. I consider myself an open minded person, and by that I don't mean irrational and gullible, this is absurdity without any proof what so ever and I deeply regret rent it.
streaming quality is bad and loses frames when connected to tv
This was a sick movie
Alright movie... too easy, predictable, and short...rookie movie production..taraji gets down though not her fault...
Long and boring. Nothing like the first. My kids disliked it.
Disjointed, hard to follow, and no discernable plot. I could not even finish this....
I can't write a review because I couldn't hear the movie sound track
Ordered assuming entire season dropped and now own what I can watch on my regular TV for free!!!
Absolute waste of time and money watching this poorly written movie. It jumped around and the storyline was horrible!! Stick to Madea. I'd love to have these precious hours back in my life!
Horribly violent from the start. I couldn't watch it.
terrible screenplay! No horror only the making of this movie.
This movie was horrible. I was sooo disappointed. Honestly, I wouldn't watch it if it was free. I might have laughed 3 times. The best part of the movie was when it was OVER!!!!
Stephen King produces works at the reading level of a Dick & Jane book. Only the simplest of simpletons would find his material good. So, what do you get when you take his crappy novels and turn them into movies? You wind up with a good laugh. This movie -- essentially nothing more than makeup on a pig -- did a great job of showing just how horrible King's books really are. Watch it for the laughs, because that's basically all it offers.
I didn't want to order it on an app I wanted to have the DVD or Blu-ray order the wrong thing
This movie and its plotline is a sad departure of Part II. It is inconsistent previous narrative and the characters in the previous movie. What a disappointment! Too bad they couldn't afford the cast of characters from Part II and changed to this cheap plotline.
You see quite a lot of greatness in this movie, but also some vulgarity and profanity that I am positive Fred would not have wanted, and that wasn't necessary to tell this story.
Wow. I should have read the reviews. But the cast looked amazing. And the idea was great, albeit not original. A fictionalized account would have been so much better, come to find. Perfect vehicle for a revenge / payback script where the weak guy wins in the end. But nothing could save this crap script! One has to wonder what it's like to act in a film like this, especially at Michael Caine's age. He's got to be thinking, "wow, I hope this isn't the last film I make before I kick". I hope so, too, Mike. I hope so too.
Slow, awkwardly acted story only relieved by short shots of the dog.
This is trash! You can not remake perfection!!! Joan Crawford and Bette Davis where GODS! Horrible movie Horrible remake I am not able to give negative Stars or I would!
What was that? The ending, really....no ending!! Two hrs of our lives we can never get back!!!
Giant ripoff. Says it's in English, but it is NOT. It's English subtitled.
Waste of money and kinda misleading..it's just a bunch of old episodes that they compiled and renamed for Christmas apparently. I would love to throat punch whom ever is responsible for allowing this. Your messing with kids and my money.
I ordered this by mistakenly
Awful movie. Such a waste.
A mindless boring movie with no intelligent dialogue or plot. If you like car crash scenes that go on forever you may like this.
worst movie ever. Don't waste your time on it.
I did not buy or receive this item
1 star for the broken season.
I love the show enough to shell out $25 for a season pass, and then Prime doesn't deliver the goods on time. I should have bought this on iTunes instead...then I would be able to watch this reasonably soon after its release date. Can I request a refund on grounds of poor service delivery?
It is not a hard copy version!
Disappointed that this movie had a lot of unexpected dialogue and scenes that were not for family viewing, even though the trailer seemed to be a cute holiday 'family friendly' film. Content better for adult viewing. Rating was also not included or visible so no way to know what to expect.
Well, Let me first state that there is a great deal of Theatrical License given to this film. I have study these Magi and many of the Theories of who the Magi are, and, were, continue to be debated by scholars. However, what we do know is that these Magi are part of the beautiful story of Christmas. Now, please do not waste your time viewing this film. It is difficult to follow due to flashbacks, poor lighting and has very little in common with the story of Christmas. Basically this story, CHASING THE STAR is based on very little Biblical content, further, the story, Chasing The Star does not hold to the Tradition(s) or the Historical accounts and knowledge of the Christian Church. We have Historical records and Tradition which this specific story does not address with accuracy when considering the Magi.
Seriously!!? Why is this even on Amazon. It's SHIT!
In general, I like Scandinavian cinematography. However, this film seemed to drag on and on and it was hard to stay focused. The scenery was beautiful, but that is not enough.
Just disappointed it didn't live up to the hype.
I can count on one hand the number of movies I've abandoned before they were over. And I mean to say that I've watched some awful stuff because I just have to see how things turn out. "Underwood" was an exception. Honestly (and judge me if you will), the writing and acting were just about as bad as "adult" films that pretend to have a story line.
Never ordered or purchased this.
I could not finish watching this movie with a clear point of view as the holier than thou characters "teach" the atheist what it means to be godly. The atheist is a caricature of what true spiritual questioning looks like and the other characters are flat portrayals of the godly people who believe blindly and without compassion. The X-wife is especially unbelievable as she chooses actions that seem inconsistent with any reasonable X-wife.
These actors don't work in this story. The other versions are much better.
This is not a good movie. I'm surprised Amazon is devoting any space to promote it.
The brand new construction makes it extra scary.
Visually interesting. Over-reliance on the music to set the tone. The models are exceptionally attractive. Probably the most stupid story I have seen.
No subtitles, even though claimed. Amazon should refund these orders, as this seems like a great movie but hard to follow without German and Norwegian friends on hand,,,
Extremely trite and very boring. Not only was it underwhelming but bought into so many cliche moments that it became difficult to watch in the end. Pass
One of the worst movie I've seen it quite a while. Big foot fan or not, you can not give this movie more than a star!!! Horrible acting, story line, directing....
first scene...first few words...I instantly knew this was garbage. 2 minutes of my life waisted.
I feel like this was a scam to get this. How do I get a refund?
overdone, relentless lecturing on leftist identity politics. puke. would love to get my money back on this one.
I did not order this. In fact, I have not opened my account today. This is about the 4th or 5th time this has happened. Please credit my account.
Gosling is horrible stick with the 1st Blade Runner very disappointing heard great things about the visuals but didn't do it for me
What did I just watch, because this certainly wasn't a "film" in the traditional sense of the word. I usually love horror anthologies, but this was a total mess. I want the two hours of my life back; and whose idea was it to even make this disaster go on for TWO WHOLE HOURS? The editing is awful, as is the acting, directing, camerawork, and script. Who are these "famous horror movie stars" that the film's trailer boasts? I only heard of Lynn Lowry and the two (badly aged) kids from "Sleepaway Camp." They were just as awful as the rest of the amateur cast, but I suspect it has a lot do with a lousy director and dialogue. None of the stories made sense and the gore effects varied from decent to elementary school pageant-grade. It looks like the producer spent all the budget on the pretentious opening logo CGI. This is just a completely worthless waste of time and bandwidth. Avoid at all costs.
There is nothing more than the cut version. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Pay the $6.99 instead
Preview better than movie!
i did not order this
The aspect ratio is so bad I could not watch it. I really wanted to. Why has this not been corrected? Something really out of whack.
Top rated among the worst movies I watched.
I love sci-fi literature and shows. Sadly, this one is trite, flat, and predictable. What a bummer.
This movie is not appropriate for little kids who love the Tayo show. Car machine gunning people in the square, extremely violent and disturbing.
Bad story line, waste of 3 minutes. Were the good looking males?
This piece of crap is weird from beginning to end. From a surgeon who likes his wife to behave like a dead woman during sex, to confusing, unrealistic and unbelievable outcomes all over the place. Whew at least i didn't throw up.
Boring, utter nonsense, slow, and most of all, why the sheet with eyeholes? Wish there was an option for a negative star.
Another miserable 'documentary' by the presumptuous 'Carolina G', a student that has littered Amazon with a half dozen or so video lectures filled with regurgitated facts and monotonous presentation. She is boring, the cadence of her speech is annoying, she is unattractive (which doesn't help), and worst of all, she provide NO insight into these individuals (presidents and serial killers) beyond what is immediately found on the internet. Please remove these garage productions and replace them with real documentaries.
Very Insulting to people of the Muslim faith.
Just to let you know this appears to be another film student production with fake reviews. Really I would give this 2 1/5 star & not 1 star. But with all the fake reviews I had to downgrade it. 1. Way to many script flaws 2. Way to many lose ends for it being "short stories" 3. Over the top acting, and "perfect" situations 4. Major character flaws 5. All three stories just don't add up, besides story number 3. Too many flaws in 3 short stories.
Should have been a comedy! It was laughable
So disappointed in this movie! It had incredible potential. Just awful.
One dimensional characters and stereotypes.
Good lord, awful, even as a die hard horror fan this was a embarrassing to watch. Good job portraying a classic horror person,as a Disney Princess. Not worth watching.
Rented this because a friend swore it was good. I told her several times this is the most regrettable $4 I've ever spent. Couldn't even finish it.
As a fan that dates from 1966, I have lost faith in Paramount being able to make a decent Trek movie. In the JJ-verse, this rates the lowest of the 3 to date. I was beyond disappointed.
Peter Quill (played by Chris Pratt) mocks Jesus. I wonder why people mock Jesus and not fat Buddha or eight armed Shiva.
Sorry I have to give it even one star. Not what I was expecting. I need to read the reviews first. It's weird, sick and demented. Waste. Of. Time.
Wrong product - I've never seen this version before, and it spoiled a lot for me.
I never write reviews, but this really was one of the worst movies I've ever seen
Horrible dialogue, this was such a stupid movie. Stupid ideas about what love is and isn't, and completely unbelievable dialogue. Lacks plot. Overall waste of time.
I realize there has recently been a flood of low budget, small cast WWII movies made but this one was particularly bad from the acting to the dialogue, and especially the special effects which seemed as if they were done in a basement by someone's high school brother.
I just need a little time
Tired, repetitive, cliched and asinine. I do not recommend putting yourself in the same predicament as i found myself in by watching this low budget film
It was overwhelmingly obvious what was going to happen at every point in this movie.
I have tried to watch this animated movie twice. I just can't get past the stylized animation that I do not care for. This showed up on Amazon Prime, so I thought I would give it a try again, but without success. It seems that others are not put off by the primitive style animation.
Very repetitive and didn't seem worth watching.
First off, I didn't watch the whole thing. I got bored mid way thru and skipped to about 20 minutes from the end. The pacing is slow and light on action, but does make up for it in character development as well as some stunning scenery. The family mansion is to die for. The plot is filled with clichs about the nerdy high school girl who is bullied and yearns to be popular but is just to damn quirky to fit in including the stupid side kick who is loyal but likewise an outcast. However the thing that bothered me most was the not so subtle occult theme throughout the movie. In the end the girl ends up having essentially the power of a God and she is tasked with saving the planet from the evil scourge of humanity...oh and she's gonna birth the savior as well. I was confused as to whether she was gonna save the planet with her powers or usher in the savior as the prophecy foretold. Whatever, the movie abruptly ends with her declaring she wants to help after resurrecting and healing several friends who had just had an accident. I felt the acting was on par with the budget which wasn't much I'm guessing. Some decent actors who's careers are over and they just don't know it yet lol...There's a whole sequence in there about how evil humans are destroying the planet and global warming and such which was a turn off to me as well. And the mom kinda turns into a brutal dictator mid way thru which makes you want to hate her...but she had reasons I guess. Seriously the location scout for this movie deserves a raise.
There's background music throughout. Such a brain strain for me to tune out the background music in order to focus on the speech signal. Doesn't help that the narrator's accent (fake?) is distracting, too. No, thank you. Like asking for a headache.
it was like watching an edited version of a movie with the scenes all mixed up.
The film can't tell if it wants to be a serious supernatural psychological horror (like Jacob's Ladder or those crappy direct to video Hellraiser sequels) or if it wants to be a more cheeky horror comedy like Peter Jackson's early catalog (but without the slapstick and considerably absent gore). The ending just completely clashes with the pacing and feel of the film.
It was good for a few laughs thanks to Tiffany but overall it was kind of boring and definitely predictable.
There is no reason for a film to be 2.5 hours long. I connected with nothing and shut it down quickly.
This was cheesy and a boring.
Unsettling and not what I'd pick when thinking of Spike Lee. Story of blood-drinking set amidst luxury furnishings. Pass.
Being quiet with nothing to say is VERY tricky if you want it to be good drama. Could have lived without this one.
Had high expectations, but it fell flat for me
It wasn't that bad, but it's nothing special.
This movie could NOT pull it off. It not worth the time. Story was promising, solid cast, but then the weird choppy editing style. Even Melissa McCarthy couldn't pull this movie out of its nosedive.
Okay movie, but kind of predictable. It's basically watching someone watch a movie.
Please someone fire Scotty the Gimp. This season has some good episodes, but most of it is asinine. Does Scotty have a high school degree? His writing suggests otherwise... This is like season 7 (Negan talks a lot, and plot holes are abundant....), except with more amateurish ninja turtle-like fighting scenes. I think Scotty might have thought that we would be into this, but he forgets that not everyone is 9 years old....
With everyone saying things like, "This is Gilliam's best!" and "Gilliam has outdone himself!", you'd think this movie is going to be the best thing since sliced bread. This is a very simple movie with a very simple plot. As the plot begins to unfold, it's like a slow let-down, gradually disappointing you more and more until you reach the end. Then, instead of saving you from total disappointment, this lethargic film continues to lull any unsuspecting victims to sleep. It really looks like the director went with the whole "Army of the 12 Monkeys" thing right up until the end, until he couldn't figure out how to tie it all together, so he just changed the whole ending into something very boring and drab, like a joke with no punchline.
This is a promotion video for cyber security companies.
Don't think I even finished watching it...can't remember. Either it sucked and I turned it off, fell asleep, or it wasn't memorable at all.
A disjointed mess. The actors are fine, but the story is weak and hard to follow. Couldn't hold my interest.
Good lord. I didn't realize what a terrible actress Emma Watson is.
This is one of those movies that just baffles me as to why so many people like it so much. It was minimally historically accurate. The CGI was bad. And the worst of all is all the "Freedom!" bit, as if "defending the faith" was about freedom. The Inquisition had been going for hundreds of years prior, and it went on for hundreds of years after. And if the Catholic Church has historically been known for ANYTHING, it has NOT been freedom! This is a propaganda piece thinly veiled as a historical piece, and it wasn't even very well done.
Was not that scary. Ps. I love scary movies
I saw the clippings and trailer and expected a lot more but unlike the other movies its not as funny - if you saw the clippings on you tube, you have seen enough! Big fan of his other movies though.
Hollywood like to portray fine Marines as lunatic killers. One bad combat experience and he goes psychotic? I dont think so. I am a former Viet vet marine. Was diagnosed with severe PTSD 7 years ago. I am now a retired air ambulance pilot/ mechanic. I dont like what Hollywood does to fine soldiers either.
The LGBT agenda is being put forth at the expense of dead people. I'm glad I fell asleep watching. One more rainbow insignia and I'd have become ill. Close-ups showing vestiges of painted on eyebrows and other makeup for cross-dressing added nothing to the tragedy that unfolded in a gay bar in Orlando. What happened was terrible. Saddening! But to use it to further the gay agenda bordered on disgust. The LGBT agenda plowed millions into this documentary/film. Spree killing flicks expose the hidden underbelly of America's problems as a society. This was a celebration. A parade. If you're gay, you might appreciate it, but I doubt it, ot hope not. The other 98% of the American population may have reactions to the obvious use of death and destruction in such obviously perverted ways and for seemingly questionable motives. Watch it yourself. See if you too come away wondering just what it is you saw. For me? it was propaganda at the expense of tragedy. Then again, they do it with Holocaust footage. These types of films are better if used to display motives, police work and outcomes. I saw none of that. I put the second star on there due to the cinematography during well-staged interviews. However, I saw no empathy, pathos or sympathy -- just the agenda with a smile, and a glitzy bit of acting.
The acting was weak. The worst part is the story line. The plot wasn't twisted , keep you guessing .... it was a train wreck. Very disappointing.
Slightly amusing, but a strange thing happened as I was watching the movie. The more dialogue charaters in this movie had the less sympathetic I felt towards them. I think the writers and director were going for camp, but it ends up being a lot of bad acting with terrible Bronx/Italian(?) accents.
very one sided, without much real data (just a whole lot of feelings and being scared of what they don't understand), common in the realm of atomic physics.
Wholesome, but cheesy and bad acting
Acting was fair but the movie was really lacking. That said, how do you expect to make a 1.5 hr movie that comes any where near properly giving you the story of a 7 volume epic? I've found one consistent thing with a couple of Steven King's books that were made into movies: they should quit trying. Stick with being old fashioned: buy his books and read. If I were rating the Dark Tower series of books, this review would be 35 stars; 5 for each of the books.
Eh.......cheezy as hell......
Great actors, weird story, too long, too boring.
I literally just finished reading the novel that this film is "supposed" to be based on. I know the book is better than the movie 99.9% of the time but this way, way off. I'm well aware of the inhuman treatment of Irish women at the hands of the Catholic church but this movie made the relationship between the priest and the main character something that was not in the book. I really didn't like the movie at all. The acting was fine and if you've never read the book maybe it would be okay.
Not really catching for a first episode. Awful new track. Why would you have part of it be dirt, cars like that aren't designed for it. As for Hammond getting in the wreak, at least give some sympathy at the end that he came out okay.
I had high hopes for this, but much like the other DC films, it never quite reaches the mark. It doesn't spend a lot of time on the characters which is sad because DC has some fantastic characters!
The movie is funny, but my problems with the film are that the only good black man ends up with a non-black woman, the two black women that weren't lesbian become lesbians, the curious one kept advancing on the straight one, and they only became lesbian because they were mistreated by men. I thought homosexual people were naturally attracted to the same sex, not interested due to heart break and abuse by the opposite sex . Being turned out doesn't seem authentic to me. I'm straight so maybe I don't understand. This was the first LGBTQ movie I've watched. I like the humor and the fact that it's an urban indie film but not the outcome so much.
Promotes family disfunction and the exclusion of any Christian values. Didn't take but the first ten minutes to terminate the trash.
its mehhh but it could of been better
Could have been so much more...
This movie sucks. Don't waste your money.
i love silly humor but this movie is just not funny
Ugh...just ugh... I thought I was watching a Monty Python movie.
The animation was average. I expected more. Characters one dimensional. Movie predictable. Not funny. The two lil army ants were my favorite characters. Maya's character at times was irritating for me. But overall probably a movie best suited for kids not adults.
Its interesting but not very good.
This documentary could have been condensed into a one hour program if its redundancy were eliminated. The same statements are repeated over and over again which makes the film boring and sluggish. I think a lot of people, myself included, suspected MJ was a pedophile. This movie doesn't prove or disprove that theory. The most difficult thing to wrap my head around is the mother's infatuation with the fame and glamorous life that went along with pimping their sons out to MJ. What mother allows their child to sleep with a 33 year old man? SMH.
I wouldn't consider this a horror film. Maybe the idea and expectations for what makes a horror film a horror film, but I didn't get anything out of this. While the acting is acceptable, the writing is terrible. The movie's tone felt like 2 completely different souls crammed into one body competing for creative liberty on this. One moment it's completely serious, 20 seconds later you have zany music and police cars doing donuts to a wacky racers style police chase. Kills the mood, and overall makes me lose interest. Movie's got a lot of pacing issues, and..... Trombone?.... Anyways I've crossed this off my list. Don't intend to watch again. If you need to kill some time then maybe, but otherwise I wouldn't suggest it.
Really wanted to like it...just wasn't very good.
Was even more hokey than I remembered.
There was way to much going on... I was not impressed.
This film puts interesting twists on your quintessential coming of age story.
Gray remains beautiful. It would have been a better movie had her role been larger. Actually, it would have been a better movie had anything at all been done differently.
Very disappointed. I expected it to have more references and action from Stephen King's awesome book series. They should have started with the first book and made a mini-series with one 2 hour movie for each book. I started reading the Gunslinger/Dark Tower books many years ago when the first book came out. I was excited (like a child on Christmas day) whenever a new book in the series came out. I recommend the book series - it's awesome!
that's two hours I can't get back. It was boring and predictable.
The movie was decent, But then I got the feeling Roy was supposed to represent the "Nice Guy" I tried to ignore that and the fact he was emotionless throughout most of it. I did like how smart he was And thought he would catch on quick. Nope... I am trying not to spoil much... But the ending is where I rolled my eyes and cringed, They came off as if they were pushing that message, That u need to believe all victims without evidence. But reversed the roles and made it about a man instead of a woman. It was very obvious he was the victim, But they decided to make it seem like all law enforcement were idiots. His GF came off to be an idiot throughout the movie. He goes missing and she worries about him, Finally hears from him but learns he been kidnapped. Instead of trying to help him through this, She hears once that he was going to cheat. And instead of asking questions like a normal person, She leaves and apologizes to the one who put him through it. Mountains of evidence would have shown his innocence, So the smartest thing he said was wanting a lawyer. And when he told the cop to F herself. I gave a 2 star, Cause it was somewhat entertaining. So, in my opinion, it seems like they tried to reverse roles and make it be a man getting raped and no one believes him. But if that was the case they already killed that part of the message. Since they throughout forensics.
I must have watched a different movie then all the others that rated this movie ?? with such high remarks! All I can say is ILL NEVER GET BACK THE 89 minutes I Wasted watching this movie...
I Love reality tv, this show not that food
Oh geez .... I really like Tom Cruise. Usually he has a good action flick with a story that manages to hang together - but not this one.
Don't waste your time. The acting is good but the meaning is tired, old and just wrapped in a new shell. The same old crap hollywood tries to sell to us little people over and over again in so many different movies.
Somehow, while I enjoyed the theatrical release, the extended version did not add much value and made the experience rather tedious, I'm afraid.
Ask the minorities of those countries how life there is.
My expectations were not met.
The movie had potential but the plot wasn't thought out. My question is if she saw a huge hole in the ground why didn't she call anyone. The ending was good but over all the movie was dry and alot of details were missing.
The main character is so rude frantic and unprofessional that it makes getting into the story difficult.
Overall, this movie is about 5/10. I assume this is a low budget movie, since some shots were reused multiple times, especially the gun fight at the end. (You can see the same policeman was deployed from the helicopter 3 times, and two other policemen could be seen shooting from behind the barrels at least twice). The acting is not very good, especially how the actors talk.
I was looking for a comedy and this was far from it. This movie was rather boring and superficial.
Nowhere near as enjoyable as the first two or even the Minions spin off. Our kids lost interest halfway through. Gru deserved better.
usually like to see Hardy movies, nothing wrong with Hardy it is a young person movie
Was told it was a good movie. Not impressed, but personal opinion.
Did not enjoy. Would not recommend.
A good, solid attempt at the continuity of the Jerome Bixby classic, but don't expect any kind of literary masterpiece. The story lacks depth and the possibilities of characters' offering a sincere eloquence to the equation. It started off as an interesting detective mystery but quickly devolved into a flat piece of narrative blunder. I applaud the filmmakers for attempting the good fight to make a sequel, but the original idea was such a good story, this sequel-second attempt wasn't good enough. I would rather see the first one despite the lack of camera quality.
This has been my least favorite of the Barbie movies my daughter has seen. The video quality/animation is pretty poor in comparison.
The premise of this movie is good enough: it is a redemption story of a spoiled rich kid who has to learn some life lessons to become a better person. In particular, he has to learn there's a lot more to life than money. There are several mini-lessons that the lead character is supposed to learn, and the lessons themselves are in fact good lessons to learn. There's nothing wrong with using a movie format to showcase valid ethical principles. But the writing, acting, directing, storyline, plot devices, dialog, and other aspects of the execution leave a lot to be desired. All aspects of this film betray an amateur level of skill and experience in film-making. That's not a terrible thing, I suppose. If you accept this as an amateur-quality film, you can forgive it for coming across as such. But the whole movie comes across as an extended Christian Facebook meme (probably written in all caps, with a note at the bottom saying something like "How many of you love God enough to forward this to all your friends?"), or like one of those contrived emails forwarded (over and over) from your sweet and elderly aunt who wants to remind everyone who deeply she believes Jesus loves them. The lines written for the child, Emily, are meant to be sassy and unexpectedly insightful for a child. She's kind of the all-knowing truth-teller in this story. It's an improbable setup, and unfortunately nothing about this plot device comes across in the least bit believable. They are lines obviously written by an adult, and the acting by the child and others in the scenes simply doesn't work. But again, seen from an amateur perspective, some of that is forgivable. What may bother me most about the movie is that the story arc actually ends up completely undercutting and essentially negating the original moral premise (or what I thought was the original moral premise) by the time the film is over. Rather than concluding with the idea that life can be good and ethical without wealth, it ends up teaching some sort of Prosperity Gospel idea (the idea that "righteousness" will be rewarded in measurable worldly gains, i.e. wealth). It turns out that morality of wealth itself is not examined or challenged in this film, despite the many scenes in which wealthy people are painted as superficial, petty, and unethical. The film does not challenge where the wealth came from (oil, in this case, which is dripping in moral dilemmas), and the film does not challenge the idea of so much wealth ending up in so few hands. Wealth itself is an ethical topic worth dissecting, especially in the context of Christianity, which this film does a heavy-handed job of promoting. "Blessed are the poor," said the original Christian, and "it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God." So much for those ideas. The makers of this movie subscribe to a selectively abbreviated version of their own faith tradition.
Some interesting information...moves pretty slow though.
By looking at the Title cover Art, you would expect this to be an action movie.... The beginning it is very slow, and drags along, you are left kind of wondering what exactly is the point.... The lead actress seems to be this weak, sensitive, fragile, loud speaking person, that has no understanding what is going on... Then she is this kick ass fighter, with skills, that also has a hidden past... ya ok.... This is within 2 episodes of a season... If this was an on going series, then we could see more of these changes occurring, and the affects on each of the characters.... we never get that chance... Over all it is something to sit, and watch to past the time... (Even the (1st Yom Cruise) Mission Impossible was abit slow, although the plot still carried you along to the end.)
The movie is great. This review is how Amazon handles it's "bonus features." Unlike Itunes, which incorporates a menu system, Amazon throws them all in at the end, making you have to "fast forward" through them. There's also no audio commentary. For a company like Amazon to have such a lazy interface is a real disappointment.
Some interesting interviews padded with about an hour of someone doing a home movie of driving around to casinos, lots and lots of highway footage, footage of gas stations, etc...
Purchased this through prime. After the 5th episode it stopped loading. What a disappointment.
Not gonna lie, This movie was boring. Didnt like any part of it. The actor didnt feel right in this movie. I dont badger on Actors, but i thought it was supposed to be a funny movie, but it was literally boring. Why did i even bother buying it. Dont recommend anyone to watch it. Sorry Ms. Schumer, but this movie was a bad movie overall.
This movie was a disappointment.
Half way into the season, the videos (which are supposed to be available the morning after the show broadcasts) are nowhere to be seen. Would not have paid for the season if I'd known the spoiler alerts would be all over the place before Amazon delivered. I want my money back.
Meh don't know what all the hype was about. Not much of a plot but then again I guess it was more salacious than intriguing. Now I can say I saw 50 Shades of Grey.
Little disappointed. I didn't feel that raw edge I had expected from watching the first three movies. I felt the acting was pretty good but story line lacked.
This video is very old and it gave me a sense of none reality of the current age that we live in. Not sure why it's dated 2018, it was filmed well before 2000.
It's a Saturday night and I had no where to go and have caught up on all the cable shows I've usually watch, so I opened up Prime and this movie was recommended. Why? I don't know! This was horrible acting. My ears liked the music because it sound like the 90's, which was my favorite decade. I laughed at the end when they showed the packing up boxes, simply because there was no Amazon boxes back then!
It plays like a made-for-network-TV movie. Tame, with an obvious plot twist and the identity of the killer will not surprise anyone. It isn't horrible, but there are better films to be found on Prime.
Poor movie quality when I tried to play it on my TV kept glitching and my nieces lost interest.
If you stop there, you'll have a better experience. It gets terrible after that and story falls apart.
Sorry but if you're not into cheap, contrived sentiment, stay away. Every cliche in the book was used in this one.
A dark, sad, depressing movie. I thought it would improve as it went on. The end is depressing.
A movie with potential that just did not live up to expectations. Sooo many plot line failures. A bully that miraculously changes. A dog supposedly near death that's romping around the town. And horrible acting by a few of the main characters- dog hoarder in particular.
I'm a big fan of John Hawkes and Robert Forster and they turned in great performances. The movie itself however was below average. Nothing worth returning for.
Not nearly as good as the original, but are they ever???
Why is the main female character wearing heels the whole time?!? You CANNOT wear heels running through mus in the jungle. Also just pretty terrible in general
Movie is great, but I am disappointed that it is now a 24 hour rental and not 48. I will not be renting again.
Acting was awkward and horrible for the most part, directing/screenplay was even worse. The lead blonde is very cute and not as bad as most of the others at acting, but what the heck is up with the yeti rape, lol. I'll definitely never watch it again
Don't know why, but husband and I couldn't get into it.
I was excited when i first heard the concept. I waited to catch it in the theaters but was too busy to make the time. Now finally having the chance to see it on Digital, I wish would have rented or saw this in the cheapo theaters. The movie starts off well like a superman clone. Then it just stops. No real climax no real super hero action. More of a B movie horror flick with some thrown in gore for seasoning. Not the movie I expected. Just an evil brat with super powers.
Concentrates more on the CGI than the actual story. Manipulative in the lack of continuity of the first two. Could have been much better but it wasn't.
Too vulgar for me. I loved the first one, but this one was not my cup of tea. I was very disappointed
Nothing to brag about.
I had to rent something I supposedly own
The Sea of Trees, same year, was a much, much better movie.
Movie is supposed to be high definition but it wasn't.
When he is on hes good, just isn't on much in this show. This just turned into a derp fest political rant. Not only the Trump rants(which were not comedy bits) but just generally a lot of ignorant SJW agenda pushing BS mixed in to a majority of the bits, really detracted from the show.
bad acting, story plot the whole works don't waste your money
disappointed somehow, i was expecting a much better scenario
The movie had a predictable plot, and the acting was just so-so. I would not recommend this movie.
We were actively wishing for this movie to end. Cinematography was not dynamic as the camera was always at eye level, non-moving, and most likely on a tripod. Also, the actors were definitely acting making their characters unbelievable and difficult to relate to them. Could not recommend.
It's really time to let some other actor do the _Mission Impossible_ series.
This movie attempts to tie thought together with the universal creation. The narration is a circle of words that sounds like the ramblings of a youth who thinks he has our existence figured out and is trying to impress a girl with how deep and mysterious he is.
I put this on because I remember waking up early each morning to watch Power Rangers before going to school and figured I'd give it a shot because of my child hood. There is literally nothing good about this movie. It starts off okay and then progressively gets worse. I literally had to turn it off because the story line and parts were so cringey that I couldn't bare it any more. I gave it another shot to try and finish it and immediately remembered why I shut it off the first time.
first season is binge worthy second season is good....this season is mediocre
Not a good movie at all
Apparently, there is such a thing as too ridiculously campy...
Not as good as the first season :(
Absent story line, no attempt at being believable/hist accurate. Frustratingly poor. Regret the time and money spent. And they had the nerve to leave it on a cliff-hanger for a sequal...???
So so Was hyped so much really expected more
Some funny parts but the story and acting is pretty cringe. I should have known better as an adult woman. But even as a guilty pleasure movie, this fails.
Barely ok. The other ones were much better
This documentary about fusion is needed, therefore I'm glad it was made. However, I stopped watching after 1 hour because it already made a point that is constantly pushed about needing more money and decades to succeed if possible. The occasional subtitles were hard to read because of white coloring against mixed backgrounds that were sometimes white too. And the subtitles were removed too quickly, (before anyone was able to finish reading them). If you would like to learn a little about the attempt to use fusion as a way to replace oil, coal, and other forms of energy, this is worth viewing.
Cinematography made it bearable for the first 30 min. Hathaway is phenomenal as usual! Wilson needs to tone it down a bit. Absolutely loved every other movie Wilson has starred in. weather its by script or not.... the same usual raunchy com is getting old. Guarantee these bad ass chicks make something great soon.
90 minutes of my life I won't get back.
This is a typical one-man found footage film. Where it looks like one dude decided to make a movie. Sometimes I actually really enjoy these movies. While there were good sides to this movie, unfortunately overall I would recommend to give it a pass. The reason being the repetitive plot elements and scenes became painful to a point of requiring a fast forward. On to the good. I really enjoyed the premise of a guy camping in the woods alone. You get to see some of the survival techniques that people use like building a shelter, making fire, gathering food, etc. I found this interesting. This also adds a creepy element to the story where you feel like the guy really is helpless and all alone. The acting was decent. The character was pretty likable. The problem is the plot was extremely shallow and there wasn't enough meat to the story. I can only take so many scenes of aimless wandering through a sort of creepy forest. I had to start fast forwarding, and I am usually a patient person. Then the ending. This movie was so cliche... It would have been nice if it had ended in a slightly more creative way. One last positive: I give the movie props for its props. They looked kind of difficult to make and were convincing. (Talking about the little wood sculptures and skeletons setups.) Also the insects - Those were some really good convincing special effects. Everything here pointed to some real talent and the capability for creating a decent movie. I think that the creators should keep making movies - They just need to get themselves a better plot is all. Perhaps team up with someone to do this.
I was excited to see a movie with Ansel in it. A lot happened in the first 20 minutes then nothing till the last 20. All the pieces of the story didn't seem to fit. I kept watching in hopes it would get better but it never did. Thank god it came free with amazon prime.
Its not one ill be watching over and over.
The story is good but who ever adapted it to the screen had no knowledge of boats and how long it takes to go 25 miles. Main guy just didn't convey his emotions at all. Other small things that were distracting.
Oh how I was expecting great things from this movie. It started out promising and then just dropped off. I wouldn't recommend this movie.
SPOILERS...a wonderful show until the end of season 5. They killed off jack. I'll go back and watch the other seasons but I'll never watch it without Jack. Janette Oke would be furious. I bet the show doesn't get picked up again after season 6, because their ratings are going to drop like crazy.
It only covers two of the races, orcs and humans which is a huge waste. The writing and action are dumb and poorly choreographed. It tries too hard to be emotional but isn't it's just bad. The plot is terrible, annoyingly hard to follow (maybe because it's so bad that you don't care). They would have been much better off just making a movie about some of the key quests. What a complete waste of a chance to make a good movie.
It was ok. Can't believe I bought it
Could only stand about 15 minutes of this movie. Acting was okay, but too unrealistic to even be slightly enjoyable.
Was very disappointed. Not the usual Tyler Perry work I'm used to. I think I only laughed twice during entire movie. The new character in wheelchair was irritating not funny. Shame Madea didn't go out with a bang.
Surprising how anyone can take a story and create a movie in this day and age. It truly had potential and kudos to the actors. It only lacked in pacing and just somehow felt like an art students first or second year project. But had its moments. I applaud anyone that is trying to be creative. I appreciated it more than the horror and dystopia end of the world garbage the the studios are putting out. look forward to see what else these artists come up with.
Can we discuss that it was his right eye that was shown hurt during the wreck...then 10 months later...its his left?! Freaking hate that!
This was a remake of a previously released movie but not as well done as original
No reasonable or understandable plot. Scary at times, for the easily queezy. Otherwise, not very good. From, an avid horror film-viewer with no justifiable merit.
Very low budget, actors were green. Interesting story though.
Too often, they don't actually die despite their best efforts but instead are revived by "miracles" so they can continue to hide behind & haunt the lives of those around them who have no other choice but to care. I won't call it a waste of time, maybe the movie is better than I'm giving it credit for but it still made me angry.
Swiss cheese plot, clunky script/acting. Too bad, could have been good, just failed to grab style/chemistry of earlier Ocean's films.
What the hell was that??? Should have watched something else, anything else.
Pretty awful movie... and I'm easy to please! The book is so much better and very different. I've watched the movie twice (giving it a second chance) and it still doesn't get better. It feels like there is so much detail in the book and the movie rushes through it for the sake of showing the love story.
If you have read Geoffrey Household's wonderful novel, you'll be able to follow the action, such as it is; but, if you haven't, the movie will seem very murky.
I couldn't get too far into this film, was too aggravating and I had to turn it off. Mostly it was the non-stop horrible music score that was distracting and unnecessary; it really got on my nerves. I like all the actors in this film but didn't like any of them in these roles, except Jodie Foster (although her huge Hermes bag, which from the way she carried it seemed like it was most probably empty, was a distraction for me, too).
This might be a good movie, but I got tired of turning down the blasting music and then needing to turn it up to hear the dialog. Only saw about 15 minutes before that became too annoying to put up with.
There is a lot of repetition. Story & photos repeat after end. Music is too loud to point of making voice harder to hear. I prefer the original version and not the "Director's Cut."
I like Charlize as an actress. I did not like the theme...found it a bit boring; although I'm sure it is quite realistic when it comes to tired mother's with a newborn.
I was intrigued until about 3/4 through. It is another 'mean daddy' story. I would guess that it is historically accurate, but the A-bomb testing started at WWII, so I was confused why they played it like it was something new post WWII. The ending seemed rushed to get all the pieces wrapped up. The added women in the family seemed too obvious as a tactic to cause family trama.
Ugh. Just ugh. Sadly, I've seen worse, but this one really isn't worth watching for much of anything.
I get the idea that it would be super valuable to experience the Manson girls perspective, but I'm not sure I got much from this movie - I think maybe read that Emma Cline book instead
Similar to the old Towering Inferno movie from the 1970's but the acting was pathetically bad. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 only because it at least had a plot and could be tolerated to kill time unlike some of the other sci-fi/disaster movies.
I wish I would have looked to see who the director was before watching- same sicko who directed The Road. If you like super depressing and nihilistic crap, enjoy.
Only rented it because my boyfriend and I watched the first one and he was curious. Honestly, I didn't like the second one as much as the first one and I don't know how this movie made more than the first one. It's the typical story line of one friend believes the original movie was real but his friends who try to tell him he's wrong then when they do their own investigation resulting in everyone getting picked off one by one. And also, the cliche of the aspiring film directions made it so much more painful to watch the first 30 minutes because you have to sit through their shitty attempt at a horror movie before the group heads out to the asylum the first movie took place in. The CGI was better but only as a result of a bigger budget.
I am unsure why this has such a high rating. Yes, it is well acted and when people call it a 'slice of life' that is an apt description, but those 'slice of life' films can be kind of depressing. It was well acted and it didn't lose my attention but again, as I said, just sort of depressing slice of life. It was relatable, true but a bit too realistic for my taste. If you watch this, I hope you like the 'F' word because you are going to hear it about 300 times. It was to the point of ridiculous.
Odd movie. I fought off the urge to turn it off several times, and I spent a lot of time with my eyes closed during this. There are some things I just don't need a visual for. Somehow I made it to the end, and there was no redemption. I suggest a two drink minimum on this one.
The planes are pretty. It's fun to watch Jimmy Stewart. The lead actress is not good. The structure is simply: Stewart's character is forced to leave baseball to return to Air Force -He tries to get out -airplane preparing to leave base -cut to wife at home sad -airplane arriving back at base -they are both sad he's back in Air Force (Repeat) ...until eventually Stewart's character likes planes more than baseball Makes wife sadder But...then they live happily ever after.
I liked the movie until the last 20 - 25 minutes. The actors did an amazing job. I think their acting skill are what made the movie as engaging as it was. I think the writers made a huge fail though. The actors started behaving in unnatural and unrealistic ways, the two main characters and the mother. The whole thing with the mother was just way too strange and unlikely of a twist. I think they could have taken the story line and did a lot better job of it with the ending. I would have given it three stars, as it was a good movie mostly throughout, but the ending too such a sharp turn into unpalatable territory that it knocked it down to a two.
I love Kevin heart, but didn't care for this one.
The thing I don't understand is how the politically-correct family structure contributed to the storyline in this movie one iota.
This was a terrible film. It had so much potential but disappointed totally.
The acting is decent but I cannot continue to watch.
Hey! Want to know about Big Foot? Well, too bad, because we are going to tell you the history of the coverage of BF, and we will tell you about each and every schmuck that ever got obsessed with this creature quest. We will state a lot of dramatic sentences that actually don't reveal anything, speculate, and in general, you will get to know us, the new BF "investigators" and "researchers". We are not going to SHOW you anything. We are going to TELL you. On video.
It would have been much better if the kid closed his mouth every now and then . A mouth breather
Expat here-having lived in India for three years myself. This is an obnoxious view from oblivious tourists finding every westerner-approved locale and still pulling out the Purell with pride. Donuts? Really? India is a fascinating and compelling country, deserving of so much more than this.
Movie was a bit lame. My daughter never made it beyond 15-20 mins.
It's a very long flick in which they play melancholy music and don't get much done.
Bonus features are not separated from the feature into selections. Instead, it's a 7-hour play-through. The inconvenience of scanning through the entirety of the package to find a specific feature cannot be understated. Until flaws like this get remedied, I'd stick to waiting until the blu-ray is available.
Started watching this movie, convoluted storyline, poor acting and unfortunately a waste of time. Went on to watch The Grand Tour series on Amazon, a much happier experience.
I hated it but my girlfriend liked it okay so two stars was our review. There is a point when a movie is so surreal that nothing feels real, then you don't really care what happens, that is this movie.
Some funny parts, but almost direct copy of plot for 'What Women Want' and acting was ... OK. No originality, no really good dialogue (half of dialogue was f-bomb for no reason), I kept getting up and leaving without pausing. glad we only paid $3 to watch, but wife felt compelled to finish watching since we did pay for it. For free we would have just stopped it ... lol
Not a good movie. Watch it only if you can for FREE.
It got worse the further into the movie I got. Don't bother.
I love super hero movies and it took me several tries to finish this one. Just could not hold my interest or I would fall asleep during it.
Would have been great without the profanity. Sad I rented for the whole family to see
This movie was just OK. The plot was funny at times and did not make much sense.
If I wasn't hungover I don't think I could have made it through this vapid & mediocre action movie. The special effects were good and if you like nothing but cars & humans getting mutilated, blown up, or chopped apart for an hour and a half then I guess you might actually like this movie. For me, I won't be watching this again.
"Can I go back in time to when I started watching this movie and warn myself?"
It's not good enough. I dont get why Louis CK does itl. I like the writer/star a lot in Louis, but this is not engrossing the way other Louis CK works are..
the total content of this movie is in the preview , watch it and save yourself 6 bucks
The movie was slow and disappointing!
I wanted to like it, but never engaged with the storyline. Creepy characters with not much redeeming. I bailed.
I love John Cusack but this movie should be removed from his credits. What a snooze.
So bad it was funny....
Moves very slowly and with terrible acting, but the story line is similar to other post apocalyptic written stories.
Two stars only because the acting was decent. The story sucked but it could have nailed it if the ending had nailed it. it didn't.
Well, It's a transformers movie. Kind of. I was hoping for a cool or at least cohesive Bee back story. BUT, what I ended up seeing was the "Highlander 2" of the series. It's kind of like someone wrote this movie without actually WATCHING any of the other Transformers movies. Also, they seemed to have a thing for the Herby the Love Bug movies because that is what this movie felt like. A disney telling of an Action movie. There are a number of plot holes and consistencies with this movie and it really tried to turn Bumble Bee into a kid friendly toy robot. Pretty much a fail story wise.
Trouble with the sound. Amazon problem.
My sister swore this was the scariest thing she had ever seen. Either she was lying or if she is just a wimp. I kept watching waiting for scary or even creepy, but it just got weird.
most of the film is ok, though Brad Pitt's character is over-the-top annoying and unbelievable (a detective with a severe case of ADD, hyperactivity, and impulsive behavior?). Without revealing the plot, I'll just say that the film is overall depressing, and unsatisfying as a story.
then content is not as exciting as the name of the movie, it's slow and boring
poor remake of orginal
It was okay. Story was pretty hard to follow at times, very little story at all in the middle of the movie. It wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but certainly not the best by far.
Pretty bad acting, no authentic clothing, weapons, or horse tack used for the supposed time period. We watch A LOT of westerns. So no comparison. But may be a good movie for someone else.
We can't get the subtitles working and it works on all our other prime movies!
I was disappointed, from the advertisement and the title I expected a beach setting - not so. The video also lacks background music which for me is a MUST when practicing yoga.
Seriously far out there. Kids will probably like it.
I was bored out of my mind. So damn predictable and the acting was just meh
I love Sherlock Holmes - even stories of his youthful adventures, but the video format looks like someone filmed this from a tv showing using their phone camera. Poor presentation. Watching the long narrow faces and grainy textures was just too much for me. Had to pass.
dragged on and on with cheesy acting
This documentary had the ability to be excellent, but the hard to heard interviews, along with the fractured storyline, really affected the outcome.
This film used employed usual cliche of a middle age guy bored in his marriage , dealing with the empty nest & a distant relationship w his son too, attracted to a younger woman neighbor etc. OK, sure the jerky, possibly abusive husband gets thrown in but I kept waiting for a twist like it was a setup by the wife to get the older guy to kill her husband so she could collect on the insurance etc. and make it seem like self defense etc. This film had a depressing message of well, don;t get involved in other people's troubles, though he should have called the police if he thought there was abuse going on and let them handle it. He would drive me crazy because he was also so boring as a husband ! Geez buddy volunteer or take up a new hobby or study something new and travel or something if your life is boring instead of lusting after the neighbor's wife. He wasn't exactly a thrill a minute hubby and prize.
The series is okay but after each volume the price went up to purchase the next one. I stopped after volume two. It was a good stopping point and the next volume was $25.00, not worth it
We watched this movie because it had a good rating but found it disappointing. It was extremely predictable and contrived. Most of these movies are but the rating made us hope for more.
They managed to kill everyone from the original minus 3, and 1 was dead in the 1st one.
Not about hoodoo. Not necessarily about voodoo either. Sprinkles of random thoughts and interviews throughout with little talks about this and that. I can't even begin to classify what this um...documentary (?) is about...
The story was pretty weak but the action was good.
I finally broke down and decided to watch this after hearing all the fuss made and also with the sequel being released, but in my opinion I can't understand why everyone made it sound like this horror flick was so great. Maybe I'm just the old school type of person that prefers the 1990 mini series better than this modern film, but to put things in clear terms about this movie, "IT" wasn't a God awful film but I can compare it with the 2002 horror film "They".
The black freighter stuff they shoved in this film adds nothing. It's not a bad animated film on its own. I like it and Watchmen is my favorite comic book film. I don't have a problem with animation. I own like 40 dcu animated films. They just don't combine. I suggest watching the director's cut and the black freighter separately. I'm not going to say that it ruined the film but it did mess up the flow of it. Also, it kind of tips off some of the theme of the ending. If you didn't read the comics having the theme spoiled is such a waste.
I was so excited for this movie. Finally had a chance to see it and was so disappointed. Really felt like a waste of time. The first 3/4 the movie was slow and boring, the end finally picked up a bit but it wasn't worth sitting through the whole movie. A lot of talking and almost no zombies.
So incredibly generic and predictable.
Dull. Predictable. Not the sort of characters that Conan Doyle wrote about. I don't think Holmes would borrow all his style from a crazy man in an attic. Holmes was an original. So I think the writers and director could have done a better job.
I should learn never to watch a gay movie directed by a female director. It gets artsy and just plain laborious and boring.
String Theory is never mentioned in this video. Where did the title come from? I think this is the wrong video.
Too bizarre for my tastes... couldn't follow the movie.
I couldn't believe how bad the acting was that I couldnt stop watching it. Was the main actress someone's daughter? Because even though she valiantly tried to say her poorly written lines and exaggerate her facial movements someone made her look great whereas the main Male character was made to look horrible. As the movie progressed he was made to look worse and worse, the final scene is the crowning punishment for him. The fight scene between the lead Male and the ex was the most strangely edited scene, I watched it a few times because I felt like I was learning how not to write and produce a fight scene. Hilariously horrible. I'll give it 2 stars because it entertained me. How does this get funded?
Slow movie. Chan is at his clever though.
wouldn't watch again.
Disappointing, stereotypical with a racist underlying message, the message being that the white offspring was worthy of life while the black one was not. This could have been a great movie, but it was too unrealistic. You have two liberal white kids with no faith GOD, who are living lives on their own terms and one devout Muslim who has had faith most of her life. And no matter how much these characters, drink, smoke, curse and sleep around, in the end they are morally superior to this selfish black girl who murders her own flesh and blood. She is the one in the movie who has had the greatest amount of teachings on morality and yet she ends as the biggest most selfish sinner in the group. All life is scared and a gift from GOD. This could have been a better movie
Low budget with some of the worst sound effects possible along with bad acting. Bigger budget and better actors and it may have went somewhere...
I think it like the 1st movie better.
I liked the beginning of this movie a lot. The actresses who play the aunts are fantastic and really bring those characters to life. But beyond that, I got bored and the plot never went anywhere. I ended up fast-forwarding through the last 3rd of the movie because I just wanted the movie to be over at that point. I'm an adult. Kids, on the other hand, would probably like this movie and its interesting style of animation.
Not even as good as the film it rebooted.
I forgot how much screaming was in this video...
We didn't finish watching this because it was so trashy. This could have been a great movie if they would make it a clean movie with the action. It is sad to sink to the levels of depravity, but I'm sure there are other people who liked it and watched it.
Like watching a train wreck in reverse and slow motion. I just feel bad that I couldn't look away...
actors trying to have sex - but it also bothers me that it is ok to show a woman's titties - but we never get to see the full monty.
I found this film to be dreary and not a single character made me like them enough to care about what happens to them. The writing was slow and plodding. Just not much to recommend.
Great songs! The plot...not so much. Lots of questionable characters and actions. Not sure why I remembered this as being fun. Has not aged well. Not for kids.
Trite, formulaic, and tired without being terrible enough to be funny. The acting is stiff, the writing is awkward, I could not bring myself to care about any of the characters or what they were doing. Seems like a must-miss if you are looking for some entertainment.
I waste my life watching this movie but I did laugh a couple of times so I gave you the extra star
Started out good and ended like crap!
LOL Kidnapped ,beaten held hostage ,hungry bullets flying right next to her head, a cop lying there shot oh and by the way school tomorrow. LOL ROFL
Advertisement was best part of this movie
Very entertaining show. I accidentally ordered this (streaming) but could not figure out how to cancel the order. I was disappointed that I could download the video(s).
I'm surprised I lasted the 10 minutes that I did.
Typical story line, Mediocre acting. could have done without the sex scenes.
Yes, I'm a big fan of Mads  and I was looking forward to this flick so much, based on his talents, but I'm very disappointed. It was blah! Nada! Oh well. I'll be watching for something else from the Norwegian, hopefully more to his high standard.
The plot is great. The acting is OK. I can overlook the acting and lack of lighting any scene, but the tennis action is terrible. I really wanted to like it, but I just can't.
I wasn't expecting this to be as good as the first but it was still a big let down. They tried WAY too hard and forced many of the jokes. Not worth the rental. Save your money and just go watch the first one again.
Couldn't finish it. Maybe it was funny in the 70's.
I didn't HATE it. To be completely honest, it could have been a lot worse. I think the some of the actors were pretty bad with the dialogue. I could have also done with more in the action department. Also some of the characters could be dug into a lot more, meaning that the personalities of the characters could be preformed a lot better then they were. I honestly think that the movie could have been worse. But it doesn't do much when it comes to paying tribute to the classic tv series.
Had some potential. Whoever made the trailer did a great job giving you the illusion that this would be a good movie. Jack black movies are mostly pretty bad so it's my own fault for thinking otherwise
The previews are way better than this movie.
Story line was poor compared to other Nicholas Sparks' books. Acting was awful. Waste of time
This is a 1971 TV movie.......stiff characters, old cars, and they dial their phone calls........
Some redeemable value but all in all trite and without much class.
Plays like a TV movie. Maybe it was. Leigh seems to escape all the terrible circumstances her fellow prisoners endure. Little to like about this film and its characters. Not worth watching.
Nobody in this production cared about what they were doing and neither will you.
Okay, I paid for it I'll watch the rest of it. But it just bugs that said Vikings haven't noticed that the weave of his clothing is WAY to fine for the era, not to mention the rubber boots. I recall when Star trek first started and I was a kid, okay so you had to just overlook catching a glimpse of the zipper on the alien suit but we're wayyyy past that.
This was more of a low budget fan movie with random people pulled in to play the parts. Music was from the series. Some sets appeared to be from several episodes. Not real well done at all.
I did like how the credits were portrayed at the end. That was creative but overall I was really disappointed with this film. I heard all these positive reviews and was just bored. I will never be able to eat a peach the same.
It a lot of animated animal fights with scary music. Naomi Watts will keep you interested. She is beautiful
Had a great concept and plot, unfortunately the acting didn't hold up. Lead man did okay, somewhat bland. Lead woman was just boring and gave no personality to the character.
Lacks the Disney magic which is so much a part of the story.
We did not like this movie. They should not have remade this movie. The original was great. Watch the original instead.
The story line the trailer presented was way more promising than what the actual movie was about. There were no major plot twists because every action was broadcasted well before it occurred almost like a Bollywood film.
Not sure what all the hype was about this movie didn't have much of a point and was really kinda lame.
Not a great representation of the Mayhem story. Seems to be based on a lot of hearsay. Best scenes involved the bands jamming in the studio.....
I didn't get it. I kept waiting for some kind of resolution/explanation near the end. Maybe it was there but I missed it.
Sound quality is terrible. We had to turn the tv to nearly maximum volume to hear the dialogue.
Loved the first season, but the second season has devolved into I don't know what. Really starting to dislike Sam and pretty much all the other characters.
I was going to give this a 1 star but I think the actors just need more experience. They really tried hard. I made it in 20 minutes and couldn't stand it anymore. I scanned parts fast-forwarding through and it never got any better. It was pretty bad and poorly made.
you have to turn the volume WAY up to hear this movie.
The pace was too slow and the story has already been told. Not a good movie.
References to various theories lead mostly nowhere, so you are now here(TM). Not worth your time.
I thought I swore a lot...but the tooth guy in this film is not edgy with his use of it...he is just offensive. Makes it difficult to watch as every other word is "f**k" which diminishes the value of the film. Too bad.
Not the best season at all.
Good actors. Bad movie. Too slow. Ending was a complete failure.
So I only watched this bc Tiffany was in it. Her comedy is a bit crass for me but you would have to be heartless not to love the girl (and her book is awesome). But this movie.....it underestimates what real comedy this girl is capable of.
Great ass and tits which overrides horrible writing, I mean just awful nonsensical crap dialogue. The girls are hot though.
I can't understand why this movie is so popular
Definitely a film of its time.
This movie had a great second half. The first half was slow and kind of irritating. Love the concept but could have been better
Where is the rest of season 5. I paid for a season not one show.
Maybe its an age thing. I wasn't liking the film the first 5 minutes and it didn't get any better for me to the end. I think the actors played their parts well but this type film is not to my liking. Maybe to the younger movie seers it will be acceptable.
Hard to get into - pretty slow
Movie was slow and nothing really happened until it was near the end of the movie. I watched with Prime and would never pay to watch it. Not something that I would recommend.
I love Christian movies and am usually very forgiving when it comes to unprofessional acting, poor writing, etc. However, the cast was quite good (though it is REALLY hard to take Steven Baldwin) but the story was so disjointed that it seemed like the movie was shot in two or three different locations and only some of the actors were in those locations SOME of the time! Very poor writing and a watered down, be good, have religion message rather than a Gospel message. Not really worth the watch. Sorry.
Sometimes the actors whisper with the scene background music too loud..
This movie peaks early with the cow scene. The rest of the jokes are explained, then beat to death. They must have used a different director for the trailer. Interesting concept, awful execution. +1 star for cow scene
This movie was intriguing but then fell apart at the end. It could have done a better job at tying up and connecting some of the story lines but instead became clunky and lost momentum.
The movie itself is interesting and quirky. However, I cannot stand that the music is so extremely loud.
Not a top rated film and not enjoyable to watch. Good attempt at ethics and ambitious subject matter dealing with sex trafficking, but it seemed to just miss the mark of a well done movie.
How disrespectful to a great story and a fiercely loyal fan base. This is the biggest let down. Talk about taking a knee and letting the clock run out.
It wasn't as good as Microsoft or H&R.
Very poor production and script.
I did not Knowingly, order this, I thought it was included with my prime membership. There should be a point at which the customer is advised that this is a pay for presentation. It isn't a big deal, and nothing to make waves over but it was a total surprise when I saw the email thanking me for the order.
Cheesy plot, poor acting, unbelievable
Interesting in bits and pieces but it feels like a somewhat mediocre SNL skit stretched VERY thin to feature length. The actors were good enough given the material that they had to work with
So I usually believe that the DC animated movies are much better than the live action movies. Usually. This time, not as much.
The first two episodes were great. I enjoyed the start of the new series/doctor/team quite a lot. Since then, though, it's been decidedly bland. I used to eagerly wait for each week's new episode, now I find myself putting it off for days. I do like the new characters, but I just wish they'd encounter interesting storylines rather than this utter mediocrity. I'm not going to write off the show just yet; it's practically a new thing now, first seasons are usually rough, it needs to find its feet. I get that. But I'm not going to get my hopes up too high either. So far, it's been a disappointing new start.
Not funny and boring
Raised good points, but not enough good points, e.g., the claim that the Roman Catholic Church requires that all priests must be men because Jesus only chose men as his apostles ignores the fact that the Roman Catholic Church does not require priests to be Hebrews even though Jesus only chose Hebrews as his apostles. I also found the movie to be poorly directed and, for a few of the characters, poorly acted. Had it not been for such defects, I would have given the movie a higher rating.
The movie is heavily dependent on one having interest in a subset of the present generation where many live their lives in social media, which is steadily destroying their ability to interact on a human to human level. Social media can be a useful tool, but it is only that, a tool. Once it become a lifestyle as it is here, I have a hard time identifying anything of value other than this being perhaps a warning at to how it utterly destroys ones humanity when you are willingly reducing yourself and your friends to being emoticons. Entertainment this is not, a warning of technologies perils this might be. A coming of age movie that wanders into a narrow dark place and gets stuck there.
Enjoyed the message... Love is love.
Good story, amazing acting, a lot of work... but lots of unnecessary scenes, too slow. When the movie is over, I felt like I wasted time watching after incomplete ending.
It was aight. Lots of blood and guts.
I could not under stand what was going 1st season episode 4. What was the real crime here?
DID CARE FOR IT. MR.B
Really? I was enjoying the variety of weapons, discussions on hunting ethics, and scenery, until the message of the film became clear: it's all relative. Nah, no thanks. Karma is a crutch.
Love the story of the movie..but i didnt like the actors..
I didn't read the fine print. Thought it was like Netflix and I had to stop watching it for a while. When I went back to finish watching, could not get it again. Would have had to purchase it once more. I will stick with Netflix. Don't have to worry about interruptions.
How can an island in Boston Harbor be right off Portland Maine and also near Portland Oregon and Seattle Washington? You need a copy editor before you try another movie.
This would have been better made into a 10 minute youtube video. Way too much filler
It was very cheesy and vapid as humanly possible. I hope it is meant to be funny and not a realistic take on Asian culture. If it is realistic than the shallowness and selling out family for status or money is sad. Deffinately overrated, I don't want to diss any of the actors they are all wonderful. Just the storyline itself was something out of 1940. Good thing he wasn't dating a girl of another race entirely than the movie would be shallow and racist.
Story was sad and ending was worse
The first and second Jeepers Creepers were good. This one was corny and sub-par. Good thing we rented this instead of wasting $18 at the store to buy it and then be stuck with it.
My 9-year-old daughter loved this. Her dad and me...? Not so much. Super cheesy and unrealistic with terrible dialogue and major plot holes. A charity event where actual bags of cash are handed out instead of the giant ceremonial check...? A Chinese puppy buyer who wants the dogs for their coats (because he can't get dogs in China apparently)....? Bully dogs with a variety of (racist) accents...?
I love dog movies and I love even more dog-police-comedy movies. But this one was a little too slap-stick for me. The comedy was more for a young person, probably pre-teen. I didn't finish the movie.
Absolutely terrible. Started skimming once I got about 2/3 of the way through. I kept hoping there would be a good resolution or possibly the plot would take some kind of mystery conspiracy route, but it was just predictable and boring.
I found it interesting in that it is an ideal setting and great idea of living off the land. But felt like I was in a cooking show with the pretty girl from Mr Sunshine, and just there to watch her cook and eat. ok.
Disappointed..... this is great for entertainment minded groupies who care about the drama and emotional struggles of the rich and famous, but as a long distance rider and gear head, it was too long on goof and lacking in tech, tactics and information or content to satisfy a true enthusiast, or serious minded..... At least up to episode 3. I've bailed....
No a very good movie. Tom Cruise was boring and the plot was weak. Story line was under developed. I did like the actress that played the Mummy. Wish the movie was more about her character and less about the predictable Tom Cruise character.
All the right elements it seemed for a sweet and fun holiday movie but it just missed the mark for me. The physical/emotional attraction between 2 main characters just wasn't evident enough to make me root for them as a possible romantic couple. Definitely not enough chemistry to carry them through years (decades!) of fighting and snarky hits on each other. My favorite scene was the dance scene but otherwise, not really a movie I would recommend overall. From other reviews, others saw something there that I didn't so to each their own. But for me, the story got old faster than the main characters and that was not meant as a compliment. I wouldn't watch ever again.
These new Jurassic Park movies just seem to miss the mark to me. They are just not as good and the first 3. Just not as good a story line I guess.
Bronson did it better!
I watched it but I should have found a better was my time.
Not nearly as good as the previews made it look. But not bad either.
I got bored this season
Good acting and great cinematography with a decent storyline. Unfortunately the writing and I suppose directing were botched. Too many unbelievable holes in the plot made this tale average fare.
My wife enjoyed this movie. It's entertaining though totally unrealistic. Everyone knows who the criminals are, almost everyone in the movie is a criminal, and they don't get caught and get what they go after. I'd never have picked this movie, she liked it.
This is definitely one of those "love it or hate it films." Those who like it, Really like it and those who hate it Really hate it. I enjoyed the film and the story plot. I can't say that at any point of the film I was scared but it was enjoyed none the less.
My two-year-old daughter like the girl chipmunks on the YouTube videos I thought she would've like this but she loses interest in the story.
Hard to follow....could be better scripted
...but once I realized the TRUTH, relaxed and had fun with the movie. Acting so so and script so so, but laughed a lot. For that, 3 stars. Kudos to the Italians for the spoof? But, don't discount government actions that are true splattered throughout the movie. Sad how they see us.
... has got to be highly overrated. It's a nifty little movie. A bit confusing at times and seems to rely on coincidence because nothing ever appears to be actually engineered by any spirits... The lack of extras and limited sets make this feel like a tv movie... seriously, I'm mostly writing this review because how could this possibly be described as one of the most acclaimed British horror in recent years... totally flummoxed. It's ... average. It's okay. It's nothing especially special.
Not as funny, and unnecessary bad language. It had the potential to be good though
This movie was okay. Not even half as good as the original. Was expecting it to be better.
Finding people is not as hard as you think. I found my adopted daughter's birth mom in 2 days using only the internet. We were on opposite coasts. I watch a lot of documentaries and this one was only fair. The brothers were not comfortable on camera. Conversations were very staged.
Movie was a little slow, but from what I hear it's suppose to be the first of a few so it makes sense.
Meh, watched out of OCD cuz I saw other ones.... It was, entertaining?
I enjoyed it for the most part ... pretty typical for jennifer Lopez ... she has a hard time looking rough in any film. Which is par for the course...but don't feel I've wasted my time watching this.
I think they tried to do so much with it that they just couldn't tie everything together.
Very good movie. A good watch.
They don't say what happens at the end.
I give this three stars because I just couldn't look away from that fake hairline that Travolta's sporting. He looked like an action figure. Come on John. Go for a more "natural" look.
Good movie to provide s different perspective to The Winchester House history
Predictable, somewhat insightful w/near death experiences, & shows character development.
Confusing did he die or not?
This movie was alright, for a 1980's type movie, which this seems more like than the 2001 date it is given. It's obviously a tv movie with some of the familiar faces of the time, and a familiar storyline with the usual mix of characters, some of whom you like, one in particular was an absolute jerk from beginning right through his ending, which didn't come soon enough as far as I'm concerned, while another should have met his same fate but didn't, one can only hope that he gets exactly what he deserves. Don't expect any spectacular special effects or death defying thrills, this is low-budget, but it is a nice little movie to kill some time.
This movie was ok but not what it was all hyped up to be in my opinion
A decent psychological horror movie good for watching on a chilly night cuddling with your significant other. A father and his two children go out to a cabin in the middle of nowhere and experience paranormal issues while they are snowed in. There are a lot of mind twists in this one and I recommend it worth a watch!
These aren't great but our daughter likes them and they're okay as a break from watching the Disney princesses for the 1000th time.
Wasn't as good as Split But ehh gotta wrap it up
glad I waited to see it at home
It's an okay movie, the ending is predictable less than halfway through. I guess what you might call a typical "romcom". The pacing is messy, the characters are cliche, and the overall narrative and tone can't decide if it wants to be a comedy or drama... many of the characters seem forced or not relevant to the story like the big dog and the ghosts (besides the dead boyfriend). If you come across it, I guess its worth a watch but not more than once.
Better than the others. But still not the greatest film of the year.
Poor story line, directions poor, 3 stars and I paid to much to rent it!!!
Not outstanding, but an okay watch. Not too scary, just some weird psychological tricks toward the end that were kinda cool.
Love this movie, bought a copy years ago, defective. Tried downloading it recently, because I couldn't find a hard copy. Bought the download, couldn't figure out if it was compatible with a PC, so I cancelled it...still got charged...that's the end of my buying downloads.
It was a cute movie. Always loved Reese Witherspoon. I don't think I would watch it again though, the storyline was kind of dragged out and I didn't like how it ended.
I watched this based on other reviews. I liked the buildup as well. My main issue is pretty much the same issue with many other movies. It's the inaccurate way guns are in movies. There is NO WAY you walk into a gun store and walk out with a handgun. That and pretty much every time you seem him holding it,his finger is on the trigger. It's become such a topic these days that I call out the nonsense when I see it. BTW, I live in NYC and am pro 2A incase anyone reading this thought I was some guy who lives in a rural area.
Not horrible and kind of funny.
We were mildly entertained for the Stargate universe story
I think the message and portrayal of the issues our vets face is done well. But that is about it. As a movie, not entertaining.
enjoy watching the laid back way of life in Brazil.
Good storyline & acting; Brad Johnson was great as ever.
Never had a chance to watch it:(
I was a bit disappointed in this as I have been with most of the new star wars films. Just didn't have the same feel but the story was there at least.
Not even close to being as good as the first one. Too many cheesy lines and most of the fight scenes were crappy. Wasn't a total waste of time watching.
Too long of a movie wasn't so funny I regret buying ...ooh well there were some funny scenes
This movie would have much better WITHOUT Mark Wahlberg! What a weird performance. I found myself skipping over his speaking parts so as to be able to watch the movie. I'm not a Wahlberg hater....or I wasn't, but I hope that this will be the last we see of this "character." Otherwise the movie was okay.
It was okay. Glad I didn't go to the theater to see it.
just like I said, it's ok
It was set in the 1950's, and the story felt as if it was written at that time. It was sweet, but rather old fashioned in its plot, characters and events. Little drama, too neat and tidy in how all the pieces fit together.
Pretty decent horror/suspense movie. But a little too gory and violent.
Was hoping the douche in the skinny jeans would die every time he talked. Not a horrible movie but not great either, definitely a very low budget.
It doesn't have a solid story line.
This was not the best in the series. Did not show Minions enough.
Refreshing for the new one.
I'm destined to suffer through this movie every Christmas.
candice as always had that wonderful balance of being sweet and dignified without sarcasm. The character of Tim is disarming and almost believable. The wisdom of the innocent is what is attempted here, it works most of the time, but a suspension of belief needed to sustain it throughout. a fantasy of hope, an attempt to give hope to the lonely and limited. A modern fairy tale. and yet it was relaxing and enjoyable to watch if you are a fan of Candice and have sympathy for the story line.
Fascinating and involving, which becomes nearly poetic by the end. A worthwhile trip!
It's okay, could have been better. I found the lady at the library the only down to Earth believable person in the entire film. A no fly zone? Now you know if I had a drone and I was there it would be flying and recording. One of their experts I've seen in other films and he is a loon. Y'all can figure out which Brit it was. LOL In all it did have some interesting bits, mainly the lady from the UFO library.
Nice blend of fantasy and reality.
The movie was okay. It wasn't my favorite. I didn't see the original A Wrinkle in time so I don't know how they might compare to each other. I just know that this movie was good as far as special FX , the story was okay. It was not a long movie. It didn't really grab your attention for long.
Even though you kinda of know the plot. It was still a good watch to me.
Historically good but slow.
The movie is not terrible but it is pretty bad. Our kids (6 and 4) love the movie but there is no way an adult would really enjoy it.
As far as indy-micro budget films go, this one is top notch. You guys are a kickass team of filmmakers. Can't wait to see what you do with a full budget. All the people who rated this low have personal issues that have nothing to do with the film.
I'm sure this is great for kids. I enjoyed the first one best.
I was hoping that Melissa McCarthy had a larger part. She added so much to the movie, and then was taken from it. It was a cute movie, but I really feel that had she been a bigger part of this that it could have been so much better.
With the right cast, it could be a great movie. The lead actress . . . looked terminally ill to me. Definitely anorexic. Good effort, but would have loved to see better actors do it.
The book is WAY better.
There are lot of stretches where it gets boring and hard to follow whats going on. Could have shortened it quite a bit. Ok, watch though.
Not as funny as I thought it would be
Long but keeps you engaged until the end
The acting was not great but it wasn't so terrible that I hated the film. I actually likeed the story but like everyone else I didn't like the ending. Unfortunately this ending happens sometimes in reality so it's not that far off. I think Remy Mars has some potential but he should take some acting classes to work on his inflection to make what he's saying come to life a little more. Overall I think it was a good effort for people who have not been in any type of movie that didn't require them to actually just be porn actors. (i.e. The Skinny or anything on Signal 23) I would probably watch it again.
I have always loved this movie in the past, however there were spots where the audio cut out frequently. It made the viewing not as satisfactory as I would have liked.
Well done movie. The actual story was great, I don't know why there had to be so many changes and embellishments to this movie.
Original was way better
SPOILER: If you're going to shoot a lengthy torture scene that starts off with the victim having an ear cut off, don't have the victim's totally fine and fully intact ear in every single shot thereafter.
It was a decent watch. It could have used a little more depth & less flashbacks. Vs. Thor was the better of the 2, story-wise.
Surprisingly good. Worth watching.
First one is better.
You just want to scream at the mother in the movie. GO GET HELP. TELL SOMEONE!!! But nope.... She tells her husband who of course never believes her and thinks their son is a precious little angel. Just.. UGH. The whole movie is decent and extremely well acted, but the frustration I felt knocks it down a lot of notches.
I found the over dubbing was distracting from the believability. I wasn't much better than old Japanese Godzilla movies. Perhaps russian accents would have made it better.
This was a good story but the lead male actor did not give a very good performance. It appears he got the role solely because of his physic, but it didn't work. The girl that played his niece also did a poor job.
well done. The antagonist definitely had an anarchist ideology. Glad I rented it and didn't buy it.
Sissy carried the film. Pretty chaotic story line and character introductions. Seems there was a time when people thought yelling at each other was really acting. It never really was. Didn't watch the whole thing, had it running in the background and I listened.
The jokes fell flat for me
The second film of Halloween by Rob Zombie and it was all right. It's like a fever dream mixed with gore and psychological to boot. The plot moves at an all right pace and Laurie's home life was interesting. Prepare for foul language. Again, an all right film.
About what you would expect.
It was OK. I wouldn't watch it again.
Seen her in better movies
You could definitely tell that it was a low budget movie. However, the love they had for one another was beautiful. The writer definitely had a story line and unfortunately, this is real life for many people.
The film left a depressed feeling after I watched it. However, it has good storyline and is interesting.
it was okay need more diverse choices in movies.
This had an all-star cast, and was well-acted (Pink has a natural talent), but I just get impatient with addict movies. Too far out of my realm for me to find true empathy. I WANT to empathize, but I just don't get why people mess up their lives. Not the movie's fault - just mine.
Great movie! I'm so happy that I was able to rent it from Amazon because my husband had been wanting to watch it. 3 stars because this movie was too gruesome for my liking, but overall a good movie if you're into that kind of thing.
No mention of the actor who played President Snow in the movie credits listed here, he must be a nobody, no one important to not even make the list when a dead guy like Phil Hoffman gets on it.
Good flick, great acting, a little cheesey. Although good music & soundtrack , story line was typically common.
Entertaining, but way too predictable and just not that great but worth a one time watch.
What drew me to the Outlander series was the detail in history; historic characters, events and places. I got lost a bit when Jamie and Claire were in France - understand the import but it was too drawn out and rendered little result - but this third season seemed to have lost the thread entirely. Yes, yes, we're seen the characters get separated and rescued multiple times...what's next...The photography and acting , of course, are excellent but I struggled with the storyline to hold my interest. I hope the fourth season gets back to significant history and a depth of passion in the storyline that satisfactorily concludes this series.
It's ok if u have nothing to do
I really like the characters and they played their parts well, but the story in itself was kind of slow and needed more action, love, story line?
It was ok but remakes of classics have to be really good to impress me. I'm a tough critic. I loved the book. The original movie was great. This remake changed some key things that I wish they didn't. If I never read the book or saw the original movie I might have liked this more.
Not what we expected but for the most part we enjoyed the movie. I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. Music is great, as expected. If you can rent this for a few bucks it is worth the money.
Not as good as promoted
Definitely not my favorite Christmas movie
The sound effects in all of these shows has to cease . No need for it besides to break my ear drums
it's worth a one time watch. I liked the ending. I feel it was well done.
Not the best period piece I've tried to stay awake through. Good performances though.
I love Tammy, but her movies could be just as funny without the vulgarity. A lot of inappropriate scenes so I wouldn't recommend it to teens or below. Mostly because the scenes are terribly uncomfortable in mixed age groups. I wouldn't watch this again.
Look I'm not trying to look down my nose at this. The subject matter is right up my alley. But the filmmakers did not have a clear idea what they were conveying at any point. Any documentary instills a narrative into the work to allow a sense of purpose and closure, but this one comes off more as home video footage of someone who happened to hang around the Wasteland for a while. Just a series of unconnected events and people. We spend very little time with any individuals, and when we do get what amounts to the longest interview, the audio is unusable thanks to car alarms. Really amateurish stuff, guys. The subject matter will get you through it, but really don't bother unless you're on Prime.
Just okay - not the best war movie out there... but it is a tad interesting..
Not as good as the original (I'm an 80s kid) however it does give it a modern twist. Bought it for the nostalgia factor and it didn't disappoint.
Meh...Thought it was going to be more violent than it was advertised.
Plot is well thought out but was disappointing. Nothing can come close to the original. I'm an Emily Blunt fan but thought she tried too hard to be like Julie Andrew's character. It felt strained.
It's an extremely average Rom-Com script and short on the Com to boot. A lot less enjoyable than the great Rom-Coms but gets extra points for the incredible acting skills of the two leads. In some ways they're too good for this movie but nevertheless wonderful to watch. More bonus points for the lovely London location photography but I still wouldn't watch it again, even for free on Prime.
no thrills - just kind of plays out in a meh sort of way.
It was an entertaining and light hearted adventure with plenty of laughs. Subtitles worked just fine for me once I remembered to go back out to the main screen and turn them on. ;-)
Disappointed. Fan of The Rock & Zac Efron, but humor skits and story (or lack thereof) was a let down. A lot of bathroom juvenile humor. Could have been funny, but jokes that should have been short zingers became drawn out boredom that broke the story. Movie hovered between spoof comedy and action adventure, but ended up delivering neither.
It didn't blow me away, but I got what I came for and it was ultra-violent.
I enjoyed the film, but found the narration extremely distracting. It was like hearing the main character's inner monologue spoken in a movie announcer voice most of the movie. The dialogue should have been in an interview or something. The narration didn't make sense and was very distracting to the whole movie. I thought it was an interesting story though. Honestly I think the film would have been better if a 3rd party had been directing/ producing. It would be challenging not to add commentary on your own relationships, esp with a dude like that.
I enjoyed it. Decent story.
Really loved this movie it's just too bad the trailer shows you all of the best parts. Didn't learn anything new really but it was fun to visit my old friend Fred Rogers.
Excellent Recreation of a 2008 A&E Documentary With Poor Storytelling
I enjoyed this movie and it had so much potential because it kept you guessing. The problem though is that you continue guessing after the movie ends. I waited so long to know who it was and all it does is narrow it down to three people. I'm not a hard critic but this just really irritated me. I think the message was that it doesn't matter but honestly, it does matter. The people want to know!
Good story, good acting, a step above a B movie, action packed, a touch of drama twists and turns in story line.
Discontinue All videos ordered. If a person disagrees, have them contact. Us.
The movie was just okay for a free prime. Would not had paid to watch it.
I expected more. With references to Insidious, and The Conjuring, I'd have to hold myself a bit disappointed. The ending did have a good twist, but not what I really wanted to happen.
Decent acting but James Norton acts mystified and his father acts way over the top
Reminded me of The Wicker Man and Get Out. I liked the first two thirds of the movie,but the last third was too weird. Didn't like the ending either.
I've done a lot of research on Tudor history, and I wasn't personally fond of this sinister twist on the story. Anne Boleyn is depicted as such a nasty character, and the story is already tragic enough without embellishing, but this is a work of fiction based on some true events, so on that note, the movie was okay. I was glad I watched it, but I was also glad I didn't purchase the dvd b/c I wouldn't have likely watched it a second time.
This is one of those movies that you are either going to like or you're going to hate. The story is pretty simple as far as a time travel / save the girl stories go. It was a pretty low budget movie and with that comes the flaws of a low-end movie. With that in mind, I found myself being amused at the bad parts and then impressed by the good parts. If you can sit through a good "bad" movie you'll enjoy it. If that's not your jam I would skip it.
Great concept. Entertaining. But I'm sick to death of food and diet documentaries NOT EVER TELLING YOU "HOW". It's like, well awesome....but I still don't know what to eat.
not to much to say, but entertains
obvious, some surprise. not terrible for a marvel film. but still
This has a good plot idea and a decent cast but it doesn't know if it wants to be a comedy, a drama, a romcom, a comeback story or a tale of a father and daughter's dysfunctional dynamic. And as a result, it does none of these things well. The film never seems to go anywhere or deliver any payoff's, its just kind of flat. Still, it isnt a completely horrible way to kill an hour and a half.
I only watch this because I love Adam Baldwin. It's a typical movie for its time, kind of predictable but I did enjoy it.
Really dumb concept but played out well enough if you keep an open mind.
It's interesting and informative. I wish it wasn't so preachy and shaming. There are two huge points glossed over in this. The first is that he got fat because of his psychological disposition rooted in the death of his younger brother then shame later at being "fat" in a fat shaming greater society. The second is that the film emphasizes exercise in weight loss despite having clearly shown that his excessive eating habits were the primary physiological contributor to his weight. People don't need to actually do workouts just to lose weight. Managing diet is enough. Exercise is great for conditioning but not as the primary tool of weight loss. It makes people think that intense workouts are the only way to lose weight and they're not. It's a false barrier. So... the shaming, blaming, preachy tone negates the useful info and overarching message. He even acknowledged the psychological contributor to his being overweight earlier only to self-blame further into the film... So too does the emphasis on exercise over diet weaken the effectiveness of the message. I'll add that taking a more patient, gradual approach would have been wise as well. He'll be more likely to gain it back with drastic changes in diet and exercise leading to drastic changes in weight in a short time. Taking it slowly reduces such chances.
....Not bad, I was expecting more of a time shift movie but it's actually a light horror flick. Nice twist at the end.
Would have been better without the "F" bomb. Don't remember hearing "God ****", so that's good. One of Ernie Hudson's best roles.
Average, once is enough. Not bad though just middle of the road for me
It was a better love story than Twilight.
I read the book in the 60s and thoroughly enjoyed it, but never saw the movie. I watched the movie and was actually annoyed at how little of the thrill and drama of the book made it into the movie. The movie is static and pretentious, dull and long. I watched it to the end because I wanted to see what happens in the movie, but there was very little energy left in the movie or in me by the end.
Entertaining but not worth a second watch.
Decent but keep in mind this perspective is very specific and deals more with the dangers people experience living in the shadows of mountains. The first clip was good...went a little downhill after that. Essentially it highlights the dangers from avalanche and slides people in certain areas risk in order to live in beautiful places.
well, hmmm, if you have nothing better to do, you'll watch the story of a man who has nothing better to do. Mildly entertaining if you can't sit on the shore of a lake with a line in the water.
The movie itself is good but the quality of the image is terrible. Its looks like this was copied from and old VCR. Amazon should not be charging any fees for this movie
If you don't already understand futures markets, speculation and other very focused theories of economics, you won't learn them from this documentary, and you won't understand this very important landmark in economic history. You also won't understand what in fact the seventeenth century Dutch were trading, because the documentary can't even explain how the life cycle of a tulip results in the opportunity for speculation. If you plant a bulb, get a tulip, and then dig up the bulb - what have you gained? If you don't know the difference between mother and daughter bulbs, you won't be enlightened by this documentary. Lots of knowledge and understanding of historic and current markets are required to really get anything out of this piece.
This was a movie worth watching, but you have to watch again to get the meaning of what was happening in this movie. It had it's funny moments, and it's not a family movie. Would have 3 and a half stars, if I knew how.
I really wanted to like this movie - It is just OK. From a normally 5 Star reviewer. :(
It's a beautiful set and the costumes are as well. The theme song is great. The movie was ok. Not really as amazing as it was built up as but not awful. Good acting and entertaining enough to watch once.
Better than the first. Ending wasn't very good. John Goodman was great.
Not as good as the first one......
didnt get to finish it due to amazons 48 hour subscription on rentals, needs to be longer, its a bit silly.
Season 2 started well. However by episode 5 it slid into the Chicago Fire soap format with Zero actual firefighting and just a lot of personal stories with limited scenes in the fire house. I lost all interest. I hope episode 6 comes back to the better action format, if not I doubt this will last.
it was just ok. I would not recommend to watch it. It won't change your life in any way really. Not much to learn from it either and the story is cute but nothing special. Acting was good.
OK after all these years
Past life regression can help understand the reasons we do what we do in this life, good movie.
So that is what the story line is about
As a pro DJ and musician ironically I'm not into musicals. Much less period piece musicals with anachronistic music. The story was cool however
Madonna is a master manipulator and a Master artist. I give her props for exploring new territory and infusing herself in it. She chooses subjects, topics which are the most surface for people in dire need and she exploits them as a crusader, a savior a musical female Jesus figure. I find it contrived, brilliant and over-thought. Fans will gobble it up and that's the point. Is this documentary sincere, does it really deal with her inner world of loneliness, aging, the compensation for motherhood, the tremendous need to stay relevant .. not a bit. Does it deal with all the problems of her fans and not herself, yes entirely. To add new beats to soul music only ruins the original. She came into a land of exceptional music and came out with reprogrammed, contrived, robotic verse which people want to hear. Madonna, you're a genius but not genuine.
This film was entertaining as a fictional story, but not remotely close to anything that ever actually happened, or could have. My problem as a viewer is that my father was a WWII U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer in the equivalent position in combat as the character played by William Macy, and who served for 41 years. Macy is a fine actor but is tragically miscast as the Chief of the Boat. I grew up around these men, and they all were rough, tough SOB's, not the sensitive type that Macy plays so well in other movies. Growing up as a Navy brat, I just know far too much about the real Navy of that era to believe things shown in the film, starting with even simple details such as the unkempt facial hair on an Admiral in an opening scene, to the supposed assignment of a young Lieutenant Commander who looks like he is in his 20's as the CO of a combat submarine during war time, without first being an Executive Officer on submarines, where he would have learned his job. This lack of realism continues throughout the film in the dress and grooming of the U.S. Navy sailors shown on the submarine, as well as the lack of discipline displayed. Once you get into the particulars of the plot, things don't get much better and the lack of realism continues to get in the way. You won't notice it if you don't know anything about history or the military, but if you do you may not be able to finish this film. Finally, near the end of the movie, the Chief's refusal to follow a direct order to secure the Enigma Machine from the German U-Boat prior to leaving it would have been tantamount to actual treason in time of war and could have cost thousands of American lives. No real-life Navy Chief would have acted that way, even if he had made an agreement to scuttle the enemy boat. He'd have taken the machine. The scene in the end where a Master Chief Petty Officer has a private meeting with an Admiral is about as realistic as me getting an appointment to see Donald Trump for coffee, and Macy's character visiting a Nazi POW is likewise pretty unrealistic, if his career in the WWII Navy meant anything to him. So, in review, if you dug that historical abomination of a film in 2001 called Pearl Harbor, you will love this movie. If you have ever cracked a history book, or know anything about the U.S. Navy in WWII, you'll hate it. There is a reason this film cost $5 million bucks to make but only sold $64 thousand dollars worth of tickets. They should have spent some of that money on a technical advisor.
Decent movie. Dean Cain had good acting. Beyond that the acting was just mediocre.
Not bad, interesting to see how the books came to be.
I wasn't that impressed and I didn't really feel like the ending was a good one. Nothing was wrapped up.
If you are looking for just something fun, but nothing spectacular, this is a good movie to watch.
First off, the film is not terrible. The characters and the story are more-or-less believable, and there's some decent acting in spite of the low budget. A lot of the story is driven by what one might reasonably call 'stupid horror film decisions' - but none of them are so obviously stupid that the characters couldn't have reasonably done them. The production crew made the most of their limited budget, in my view. However, despite how believable the crack whore protagonist is, I couldn't get past what I saw as the writer's attempt to create a "look how tough she is, to survive all this!" subtext. Frankly, nearly all of her problems are the result of dumb shit she does.
Very violent. More then expected
Very basic knowledge. A nice story but I did not learn many new concepts.
Didn't want to say it without paying my dues.
Pretty good. Had more potential
Need I say more? (Think Game of Thrones level of neglect to the finale - or likely worse.)
I love sci-fi and this was okay, it started a bit slow.
too old, didn't like movie
This is a very beautiful story, based on a real experience, of a man redeeming himself for his mistakes while on his death bed. We really need more movies like this. Our last moments on earth are an important time of reflection and truth, but we rarely ever see it on film. This said, I give it 3 stars only for having a good purpose. It's a two star production with amateur acting, directing, and writing. There were times I wanted to throw something at the screen because the lines the actors said were not what any logical person would say! It's like a rough first draft that could be remade into something to be proud of. If you're a trooper for poor quality films about faith and love, go for it.
A bit old fashioned for my taste.
Stupid actions by everyone. Predictable
Yes very slow, but worth the watch. Good performances.
Was good but not as good as the original one
it did what it was supposed to do for kids. nothing more
it was ok. Should have waited for it to come out on netflix
So disappointed that Disney felt the need to insert a gay relationship in the story. I'm not against an individual's choice - it just doesn't belong (and is not part of) the original Disney story.
This was an interesting twist on a mafia film. Great locations and good acting. Mafia movies are not usually my thing, but this one was entertaining.
Like 1 and 3 better but my 5 year old loves them all!
I thought it was okay. Really wanted to see an end fight scene. Hated that they skipped it. Lazy director?
I liked the acting a lot, plus the bit with Elton John was hilarious. But, overall, it's to a movie I prefer over the original.
Overall I didn't think it was too bad. Better special effects would definitely make for a great improvement. I don't mind cheesy cgi in a campy, corny monster movie, but it takes away from the impact in a serious tense movie like this was. They would've been better off designing a suit. The ending could've been better too.
Nothing to get excited about.
Waaaaaaaay better than I was expecting.
Great actors but poorly scripted and the splicing of scenes portly done.
At least it's only 64 minutes long
Family type romance. Only watched it to see Sam
Decent idea, but somethings are a little inappropriate for young children
Not as good as the first one
I've seen this before. It was okay then and a bit boring a few years later. It's worth a watch but like most the Shepherds were the best actors in the movie.
This doesn't play well. Pauses in places and will not load the rest of the movie. Could only watch to first 50 mins.
It was a one and done movie for sure. I loved both the actresses and they did great for what the had to work with. If you don't know history, you'll like it. I'm glad I watched it, but wouldn't recommend it.
The story was interesting but not as good as the acting.
Definitely not 4 or more stars...
Season 5 episode 15. This is a nice series, but you should stick to writing a great script and keep the political commentary out of it. It's not that I disagree with the message, just don't like it here.
The landscape is not dystopian, so I do not understand the need for these mobile cities. That said, the movie is pretty, the acting is decent, and the story elements were pretty good. Everything just seems grander for no good reason other than spending tons of money. Also, why not just make this movie rated R? Thousand of people are killed in this. One scene involves a man's head being blown off followed by a sword fight that leaves a bunch of dudes dead. This is already carnage, just rate it appropriately. The nuclear robot was cool though.
The actors tried but the writing lacked anything of very special interest, far apart from the originality of the first movie. Just too much dialogue. I never finished it out of boredom.
Movie is too slow, and the story line is unrealistic. The only positive thing about this movie is Christopher Plummer's superb acting. If editing was a bit more rigorous, Plummer's acting would have been highlighted even more.
I have never watched a western movie set in Australia before. I enjoyed the scenery and the action of the movie. Overall I though it was a pretty good movie.
Should of been a better ending
Meh. The first one was better.
without the help of the rest of the book. the highlights that this movie covers don't hardly seem like highlights. and the acting was pretty bad, but i attribute that to the intended execution that the director wanted rather than the actors. and Julia should have been prettier, ordinary but still very pretty. the girl that they got for her role was just ugly...
It's ok. Just another B Movie
Too self-conscious, more farce than comedy despite talented cast, especially a young Rufus Sewell, who is scrumptious in every way.
Great history of NY / Philly families and Henry Hill. Its three different programs edited together. But OMG the picture quality is 0.
I have never in my life wanted to see a kid get got in a movie until now. I wanted miles gone! First of all Miles woulda been outta my house as soon as I found that dead dog and the spy cam...maybe even sooner. Second of all, the mother was stupid stupid. Third of all, the movie could have been better, but it was ok. I'll give it 3 stars.
I didn't like this movie at all the first one was so much better.. I kept falling asleep watching this movie
The first was way better :(
Ok to watch nothing to write home about.
Like others, I watch Bronson occasionally to cleanse me temporarily from parasites for revenge. This movie gave too painless endings to the major villains. So, it fails in its mission.
Not as good as the first. They went way off the deep end with this one
This movie was funny at times but mainly predictable. A movie to watch at least once in awhile.
Well cast but writing is a bit much
It definitely reminded me of weekend at Bernie's. Predictable, but funny.
It was okay. Not a waste of time but wouldn't watch again.
It's a rather watchable fan fiction based after Christ's crucifixion and resurrection, a story of love, romance, life, and death that moves along at a nice pace. The acting isn't great but it's not horrible either. I agree with the other reviewer about the gore--it absolutely was not needed and in my opinion makes this much less a family-friendly production. I found myself having to adjust the volume a lot as some scenes were much too loud and others much too quiet. The music was overall enjoyable but some of it was overdone for the scenes it accompanied. Still, it's worth watching, especially if you're just looking for something to accompany needlework or some such.
Have to read the subtitles the entire movie. Could of had more action. It's not Troy. But if it's on sale watch it
Not my favorite movie, but okay.
It was ok, The message is great but im a firm believer that a man and a woman are what a child needs as parents, Thats all i got to say about that. And the blind side thing was lame.
Way too long with not enough material
gunfights go off several times and no police of any kind show up?
A little too Christian. I thought it was going to be a real documentary about real people, too bad.
This movie could have been so great. It is the best acting performance by Willie that I have seen. Great story, great filming locations, great dialogue... But it seemed heavily edited, like scenes were cut. It made the movie feel choppy. It was distracting. Too bad.
Not really a fan but my son did say he liked it
I am surprised this is only a PG rating. There is a good deal of sexual innuendos and language. I am glad I previewed this before I let my kids watch it. I did not remember a lot of that content from when the movie was first released.
It is an OK movie, but not great.
I was so excited for this movie, but it was a let down. It's very slow moving and I kept on waiting for something to happen that never did. I wish it would explain the story of how the Warren's got the doll instead.
Nothing like the book. Was curious how they would adapt it. Visually striking but otherwise disappointed. Could have been better.
Sloppy film. Made without care or concern. Even the director called it in. Willis? Guess he'll do anything for a buck.
This is an artistic piece that can be nice for the views of Belfast but so long and boring at times you just can't wait for it to hurry up.
Poorly written but great concept. The idea was very novel but it felt like their first time to the rodeo.
It was ok but wouldn't watch it again
Decent movie but another great example on how there are two standard for men and women where women can screw up and not look as bad as a man.
this was much funnier when I first saw it many moons ago, but perhaps I only thought it was funny. Kids thought I wasted their time watching at Christmas
Entertaining film to watch, but dang the characters were dumb! Stupid moves all the way throughout the story that lead the characters to getting themselves into deeper and deeper doo doo. If you like to see people make a whole bunch of bad decisions, then this movie is for you.
Some over acting, some unrealistic screen writing, but pleasant enough to view on a rainy afternoon with a cup of tea.
Slow moving, Interesting because it's a true story a believe, Amazing how family held together as
i think this movie needs a better plot
Nowhere near as good as Julian Fellowes prior endeavor.
Story was gritty and real. Loved watching it until the end. I thought the end was contrived and stupid. Joaquin is a delight to watch. He can reach into the character and make it real.
I enjoyed watching, mostly. But parts of the plot felt rushed, and even unexplained altogether. A few other parts felt like I was watching something else other than a Star Wars movie due to what seemed like the director having only a passing knowledge of the series lore. I wouldn't mind purchasing in the future, but it's definitely my least favorite Star Wars movie to date.
This is a movie you can watch! I enjoyed the female positive vibe and the ultra weird previews at intermission. Check it out!
A little bit pricey for the amount of episode do yet
Weirdest movie I've EVER seen.... watch at your own risk- don't watch high...
up to par with some good jump scares but not the best. did not feed my weird
Were are the subtitles for when characters are speaking a different language?
It was nice that the movie had a heartwarming ending; kind of back to the good-old days at the movies. However, the plot was simply drawn out by the unwarranted secrecy of Hugo. Even a little boy would communicate much more with people around him.
decent movie - but not my cup of tea.
The first half dragged a bit but it was setting things up for the end, and it was definitely worth the wait. I love Carrie Preston (True Blood) and Rob Benedict (Supernatural) and they both did a great job here. I don't want to reveal any spoilers so I will just say stick with it, it's worth it in the end.
But the story was pretty shallow. Relationships were difficult to discern, as well as the action. If i didn't know ahead time what this was about, I'd be lost.
A giant rubber insect? Come on........ for an extra $15 they coulda done a lot better than that..... Still entertaining, although I didn't make it all the way through to the end.
I think that the way the story progressed wasn't very good. It seemed like random things happened and the preface of what was going on was really lacking.
sad, my heart broke for Adam.
It was ok. So much potential, just didn't quite reach the mark.
Entertaining but I have to admit it is really hard to watch a Tom Cruise movie and NOT see the dude jumping up and down on Oprah's couch in my head.
I thought the concept was extremely interesting, and found the plot twists toward the end very intriguing. I had a problem, however, in that I am hearing impaired so usually watch with closed captioning on to enhance my understanding of the dialogue, and in this instance the captioning was out of sync with the playback of the video. Made it very hard for me to understand and follow the dialogue. Otherwise I would probably have given this 5 stars.
The concept is fresh but poorly executed. The acting is good but the script could have been better. This movie needed a little more action. It starts of good with some expositions and the ending twist is a surprise. Its the middle that needed more body. Its good but the slow pace is what ruins the movie. Also, in a time of 3hr + movies no director should be afraid to push to 2 hours and a little bit further to flush out their storyline. Its a solid B movie that could have been an A if only they gave more depth to each character/storyline.
Movie was ok. Expected more
IT is what it is. Watched it because I loved the first Pacific Rim. This is not where as good but still a fun watch.
This was just a repeat story of Deadpool 2 
Am I the only one that noticed the only season over a period of years was winter? In one scene there is snow, in the next, none, then more snow, then no snow. They leave a place in the city, snow, get to another place in the city, no snow. Saw this over a dozen times. Also, 5 years supposedly went by when they were in prison. Before 5 years, snow, after 5 years, same snow and no one has aged one month but the kids are all grown up!
Why did my gf rent this on here?! I bought it for her a few years ago! Smh.. Anyways, fun for shits'n'giggles. No where near as perfect as the first movie of course. But still nice to see these 2 together again.
nice story line and tribute to the man, but they made him look like a very confused and gullible person.
I seen John Wick 2 with my boyfriend & I knew I had to see the first one, the first and second one was amazing but I am kinda disappointed by this third one. it wasn't what I expected.
Predictable. One good scene involves Darth Vader. I don't know if I would watch again
A fantastically cheesy B movie. Its worth the watch :)
I really liked this film! I think the casting was key... the Actor who played Jovan had me engaged from the start with his moral dilemma. Overall, the acting was well done, the production quality was consistent and well executed and the storyline was fresh but with twists. You can tell the director spent a lot of time making each shot the best it could be. Great job by all involved.
One of my favorite movies . Drama and passion. Kinda predictable but still great for all ages.
This movie is a good classic
Not as laugh-out-loud funny as some of the other Vacation movies, but clever.
I recall the events, but not the true story. Enjoyed the movie.
Movies don't always have to mean something, sometimes you need a good laugh! RIP John Candy :-(
I had no problems viewing this (my subtitles were shut off by default for some reason, and I had to fix that in the settings, which was easy). As someone who used to love but now can't sit through anything with gratuitous gore/violence, I found this to have just enough suspense and darkness to it. It's a tragic ghost story that was beautifully shot and well acted throughout.
College ceased being a bastion of free speech and free exchange of ideas decades ago. Thanks to liberals.
wow. Didn't expect this. Well done. Wish it had been more developed.
An Excellent Movie! Animation dated, but the storyline can live on forever. My daughter found this on Prime used to watch it, she said 100 times, so I know it was a lot. I watched it to remember, but I didn't. Still, the kid that lives forever in my heart enjoyed it and was so glad to have watched it, whether the first time or 100 times.
Glad I waited until I was ready to absorb this. Like I said, heavy. Kind of satisfying in a twisted, long drawn-out way. Mistakes time with tone. But I want one of those shrooms. No- I'd take a hillside for future reference...
My daughter loves Peppa. Unfortunately, this movie is just episodes from the show. I wouldn't buy it if you watch a lot of Peppa Pig because you probably have seen most of it.
Good funny u seen 1 and 2 duh watch the 3rd
A bit over the top but I liked it.
There is nothing worse than being lost in the jungle, except for being lost in the desert!
Makes you think for sure.
The movie was not as good as the one with Kurt Russel. But it was funny . Different twist.
Good movie, doesn't move too slow and has an original plot.
I like the movie and how it started but kinda rambled and went slow... not much of a satisfying ending
Brilliant acting portraying irreverent cartoonist J. Callahan. Don't watch this if you're looking for a fast paced comedy and don't review this as a crappy movie if you blindly watched it with no idea what it was about. Do some research; even from your mother's basement you probably have connectivity to accomplish this. Worth the watch to see Jonah Hill's acting chops and the sweet pain of J. Callahan's life. I wonder what people in the "program" think of this. So, because I don't have much connection on that point, I give it a four star. I still loved the movie.
Very good movie to watch. DC comic movies are good.
Started a little slow or unbelievable but with time became more plausible once you got to know the characters.
This movie was funny however some parts didnt play well
However, it does require you make some leaps in belief to follow it and calling it a horror movie is a bit of a stretch. If there's a message in this one it's don't underestimate what Anna is capable of doing and how controlling she can be while camouflaging it with a little sexuality. It's a real stretch to follow the plot-line to the point where you're convinced that what she's doing is the only way to achieve her goal but the ending summed it up nicely and made it the best movie of the night over three other choices.
excellent movie. see a new generation of Jamaican actors
Enjoyed the journey. I have known through hikers and the other people that call them idiots or comment "why would you ever want to do that". Simply for the fact that he could, he did. Push yourself to hike your hike in whatever facet of life you want to focus on. It was a relatable, an honest story of struggle, mistakes, little victories and finishing what he set out to do. Enjoyed it very much.
Definitely has its moments. Stay with the film until you see the fascinating 5th Century Village. This is a beautiful documentary with a few faults and I'm sure each viewer will find their own but you might give it a try...for the scenery alone.
Excellent! It's nice to have the variety and availability
My kids had seen this elsewhere (9 & 12) and insisted we watch again. Was a cute movie. Fairly predictable in terms of humor/etc when you consider the cast, but enjoyable overall.
I had to watch this film for a class I was taking in which we watched a film about disturbing, lurid, and/or violent content every week and then wrote our critique of it. It's extremely unsettling and disgusting. I had a very hard time sitting through it, and I was angry through most of it. It's not a film you watch for entertainment unless you're some kind of sicko. However, it is a very well-made film. The ending didn't really feel like an ending, but I was glad that it didn't entirely miss the point of the novel and try to make it into a romance (because that's disgusting). I give credit where credit is due, but I definitely would never willingly sit through this film again.
the history is okay.
It's not the moves in your life that count, it's the life in your movies. This movie was quite enjoyable.
Nicely done indie. Loads of good acting and the storyline is great as well. Do as they suggest, and watch in the dark. It enhances the effect.
Nice and quick watch. Weird ending with a bigger Avengers story...
...this was a really good art house film. I liked the main female character actor, she does an excellent job of holding your attention. Well worth the watch.........
This is a decent B comedy flick about a little white lie saving a kid from bullies. The two things bothering me were The Battle of Muster Hill and The Battle of Brighten's Bluff mentioned by the boy. Maybe I heard the names wrong but I don't think these are actual names of civil war battles listed in history books.
Very well done by every member of the cast
Not as good as the first but still a great watch
We thought the writers, director and producers almost got there with what they wanted to say. The actors, particularly Theron, turned in really quite moving performances. All in all, worth the watch and the long thoughts afterward.
Funny movie, very entertaining.
I was expecting a mild diversion for the Halloween season, but I am a sucker for Halloween related horror movies so I decided to go for this one. I absolutely LOVED it!! Some great atmosphere and a fantastic haunted location, although obviously far more elaborate than anything you could expect to see in a real haunt. I thought the suspense and villains were excellent and it kept me on the edge of my seat for the duration. I could have done without the lead character's unnecessary background traumas, but overall this is a perfect watch for the season and I am not one bit sorry I bought it instead of renting...will be most likely a regular one on rotation for Halloween!
It was really interesting that the way they filmed with hidden cameras at times and Johansson candidly talking to locals... I had seen the movie long time ago and....
Another good movie with the Rock!
A very good movie. A must see for the whole family, especially women and young females. Yes, I DO advise viewing for the whole family, with parental discretion. It's important for people of all ages to know the signs of human/sex trafficking and to avoid becoming a victim as well as the proper steps to report such acts. Though the movie priceless reference sexual acts, no acts of sex were performed in the movie, so parents and gardens have discretion with their children. In addition the language is diluted compared to what you may experience in everyday life or in television and movies. Some of the writing could have been more realistic in regards to normal human behavior reactions under such circumstances, but the movie more than gets the point across. The finale of the playground scene could have been more realistic after the arrival of the authorities. I did like the final scene of the movie.
This movie seems to start off a bit slow, but it actually turns out the slower pace is necessary to develop the characters appropriately. The main character is at risk of viewers believing him to be a loser beyond redemption when in fact, it's really several of the peers he hangs with who fit that description. The title is catchy too as it has a double meaning. Watch until the end to catch that.
A smooth and dark movie. Great acting, good story, well done as most Cohen flix are. Worth a watch for sure.
I liked it. Nice, feel good movie with some great special effects. Very entertaining in my opinion.
Great to see Juliet Stevenson; she's a fine actress, and this is a fine short film. Loving and disturbing, this is a good portrayal of the balancing point of history for children of war criminals.
I watched this movie a couple times, but didn't find anything funny in it. Had a lot of different types of emotions and family drama of sorts. I did like it for what it was.
Started out slow, but the twists at the end kept it interesting.
Joaquin Phoenix is one of the best method actors of our time. He knows just the right amount of effort to put into every scene he plays. The other actors are good as well, but Joaquin definitely carries the movie from start to finish. Everything about this movie was done well for what the director and producer wanted in it. The good news is, although you see a lot of brutality, they only show you a few up closes images, which is good. The thing to know is the story revolves mainly around JOE and his past abuse. If you are a Joaquin Phoenix fan like me, you'll want to catch this.
Good flick! It's very depressing at times and brutal in its brutality, but the ending is satisfying.
This was a good movie. Light hearted & I think everyone can relate to it.
this is a remake of a Filipino movie.
Not full of vulgarity, or nonsense. It stuck true to the cartoon. Great graphics. Great how they told the story without dragging out for 4 movies to explain it. Really liked it!
Ok movie some of the acting was subpar but story line stuck with prophecies
Good movie! It was humorous and a good movie choice to rent for a nice night in.
funny but not quite what I expected from trailer
This was a very visually appealing movie and the story wasn't to bad also. I hope there's a second.
Better than most of the low budget indie productions you see here. Worth a look if you like scifi anti-authoritarian artificial intelligence themes.
Brutal , creepy and well scored. Art The Clown brings the pain .
Good for kids, it has a very slow beginning , i fell sleep couple of times watching. However, my 3, 7 and 9 year old were entertained. Well, I guess it was cheaper than hiring a nanny for a night.
somewhat intriguing, and saddening, but I did like the story
With this having the feel of 'Hackers', that should tell you the audience it was made for. However, if you're older like me, you'll still find it entertaining. The characters are like-able and the script isn't bad. I personally liked the acting in this and thought everyone did a great job. Remember, this is for young people. Now some are writing that the mouths don't match the audio, and although I wouldn't have minded subtitles, it does move along at a pretty fast pace, so they might have been difficult to keep up with. But still, hearing the original voices is always good, especially in Italian. Give this one a watch, I think you'll like it.........
I was a bit surprised with the low ratings. It is a gangster movie and that is what I expected and gotti.
Season 8 (so far) is great!
This is a good one to watch.
The camera is a great narrator - always showing you what you are meant to see, and keeping hidden what should remain hidden. It creates a mesmerizing watching experience, which backs up and sells a somewhat silly premise.
It seemed like a pilot for a TV show. Love watching indie movies. Worth a watch.
Heartwarming tale with some important lessons about what is really important and what really makes us happy. Great acting and a fantastic story. I could hardly wait for this to come back to Prime this year after loving it last year. I think this will need to be a yearly family tradition!
Overall a good movie but might not have been without a cast like that.
Amazing footage of what our courageous soldiers and marines go through on the front lines of the war on terror. It is a must see for that reason. I do agree that the the war correspondent interjected himself too much into the film and made it too much about him. The actual footage was so compelling for me that it didn't have as large an effect for me as it did for many others, but it did detract from the film.
Recommends others to see!
Great testimony of grace and healing and of what the Church should be.
Great movie, one of the better DC movies
You might get board if you're over the whole artsy foreign film aesthetic.
Well, in my opinion anyway. Decent acting, it felt like a documentary. The plot line was pretty good. I would definitely watch this again.
Only four stars because you should get hard copy with it.
I enjoyed this movie. I love watching movies that are of real life events. I think is gave a good insight to the Manson family. I just wish it would have been told in real time versus telling the story through flashbacks.
I like corny sci-fi. And the plot is strung together that way. decent new take on an old classic. I like how they kind of tied it together with the original.
Based on the cover alone, it would be really easy to write this movie off as just another space horror movie. But it couldn't be further from the truth, the movie finds real heart in a story of the day future meeting the far past. Definitely worth watching
We loved this movie! Good action, sci-fi, and very enjoyable. If you like action packed sci-fi movies, this movie is an entertainer from the word go.
For a low budget B horror movie it was fairly entertaining. My expectations were very low, so I was surprised that it wasn't that bad.
I really liked this movie! It did look a little cg'ish on my 4k TV though. But that is the TV's fault, not the movie.
Classic '80s musical with music from the great Electric Light Orchestra! Interesting story too!
Some really good old fashioned humor.
Daughter loves the movie
Funny comedians are hard to find look know further
The script was superior-really well written.I also enjoyed the performances of all the actors. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the torture scenes. Ugh!
I like how relatable it is and how it really shows the generation/culture gap.
I wish it was less about his relationship with his gf. When he says he'd need a reason to stop free soloing and she asks if he would stop for her and he basically said no .... boy or boy They did a good job showing how much actual prep goes into climbing these routes and figuring out the best path. He is pretty amazing. He has great strength and focus.
Not as good as the first one, but not bad.
You do not need to be a fan of westerns to appreciate Brimstone. The story could be told in any era and would stand on its own. A great watch and intense story. It's one of those surprising gems that make you thankful you took the chance to watch. It is well acted with some scenes bordering on too difficult to watch due to the authenticity of emotions. You will not be disappointed.
Fun movie, but I felt like it was trying to hard to hit ya in the feels!
A very pleasant watch. Youth catching its wheels and old dogs catch what comes around, yet with "amends".
Not the best, but far from imperfect. Worth the watch, IMHO.
This kind of reminds me of Creep and Creep 2, but it went to a different direction. But I thought it was a exciting film. The end shocked me. Will there be Frazier Park Recut 2?
I rented this out of curiosity because we've all heard the story. The actress from the sitcom mom plays her mother I think.. too many F bombs but otherwise entertaining.
The movie is funny. We know basketball so it was great seeing a movie like this
It was a pretty good flick. Worth watching if you are a Proby fan.
Not as bad as some say but it definitely had some weaker spots in the plot. It was still entertaining.
Entertaining but could have been longer.
While I enjoyed this movie in my mid 50's I would expect the typical teen To -late 20's to rate it 5 stars. I wrongly wasn't expecting this level of quality performance and storyline for a tube red original movie. It's quite good if you enjoy the genre.
Not a bad movie but probably wouldn't watch again.
Those who grew up in the post cold war era may never have really thought about what nuclear war is and would mean. For those viewers, this movie might be very enlightening. Unfortunately the movie is incredibly inaccurate from a scientific standpoint. Like most nuclear war movies, it emphasizes radiation effects and exaggerates them while downplaying all the other dangers. If you do not have symptoms of radiation sickness within a week, you would not die from radiation. Radiation risk decreases quickly as radioactive material decays. Societal breakdown and lack of food / water / law enforcement / medical care would be much worse than depicted. Gas would run out extremely quickly, food would run out quickly, travel would only be possible on foot or perhaps via animals, and the strong would take all the resources from the weak.
seriously don't understand why people have rated this movie so poorly. it's old men, how fast can one ask them to move. I would have enjoyed seeing some more acting from the police like them having a. lough that bunch of old men and old friends still robbed a bank at their age. I wonder how much basil walked away with. it was worth watching, didn't expect to.
Good movie. Had some funny moments. Great to watch when you need a laugh.
Better than I thought it would be
While the video itself is very well done, the captions were carelessly translated. The product would be much improved with a better set of captions.
Great action adventure/drama type movie. Period piece nicely done. Can't wait to see the lead male actor in the TV show Vikings for the next season.
This doc was informative about uncomfortable subjects nobody wants to think about. Luka addresses our veterans, their treatment while in the service, their medical treatment when they are home and most importantly their mental health treatment once they are home. It's not a secret that the VA is poorly ran. People on State Assisted Medical Insurance get better care than what A Veteran does which is unfair. I'm not sure why anyone would want to join the service anymore.
A campy fun comedy creature feature that tickled my fancy. The humor works well and I found myself being pulled into the world. Would make a great double feature with Big Ass Spider (which is also on Prime btw)
Great movie, definitely has some pretty scary stuff even for an adult.
Though it needed to be told, it was extremely hard to watch.
Not a bad movie. I like the ending. It adds a twist to it, and makes it very interesting.
in the story line- it said 'after he recovers from a brutal beating' , never saw that happen. Still a good movie.
a little B-movie but worth a watch
Good enough to watch, lots of action.
Well done film. Didn't realize DeNiro directed it. Great job. Great cast. Pretty heavy story, but a well made film.
Interesting and kept my attention.
I thought it was very good; the ending was a bit abrupt and weak, but I laughed and cried. And to me, that's what makes a good movie! :)
Slow developing at the beginning but it won't end like you might think. This is a very entertaining true indie film.
well done, worth watching
Good movie with twists.
One of the extremely rare funny and entertaining movies. 99% of all Hollywood movies suck, make no sense, are not funny and are poorly put together. Bateman and McAdams have great chemistry together. I laughed several times watching this movie.
Brie captured the spirit of Captain Marvel better than I had expected. It is a good, fun movie, which happens to be a superhero movie with a female lead. OK? I liked the plot inversions from the source material--some purists didn't or thought there were ill-timed jokes. I'm definitely going to check out her other movies.
Good movie.. to many cuss word for my liking
I did like this one but I wish there was a sequel. It would be interesting to pick up where it was left of.
Twisted good movie, another reviewer said. It's definitely full of dark, "bad" elements. But it is well put together, well filmed, with imagery and themes that work quite well in their twisted way. I think I will want to watch this again to let it sink in deeper.
This is obviously not Oscar worthy as some reviewers tend to expect from their reviews. Not sure if they read the description before ordering. No, I was not scared. Cannot remember the last time I was scared in a horror flick. Recommendations please! I want to be scared! Anyway, there are nuggets of comedy in this that are downright hysterical, and makes whatever nonsense that surrounds it oh so worthwhile. Definitely stick around for after credits, and press pause to read those emails. I was dying!!!
i like it a lot of turn.s in it
Granddaughter enjoyed it.
Enjoyed the movie. It had been a while since a good old werewolf movie.
Easily one of the best and most well done versions of a cheesy, teen demographic, PG-13 slasher flick ever. My standards and expectations were very low, as I'm a true horror fan, and these types of movies aren't usually on my radar. This movie destroyed my expectations! The star of the movie is great. She made me laugh out loud so many times, and I wasn't bored and didn't roll my eyes for a second.
I am enjoying this new program and hope that it is renewed for another season.
The quirk is strong in this one!
It's not a masterpiece like sixth sense, but it cleverly reproduces the awe inspiring twist delivered by the first saw.
Great Halloween family move, but I wouldn't recommend it for younger kids then at least 8 as there were few very scary parts that myself as an adult didn't feel comfortable watching.
Great movie although ending is a bit of a stretch but cute.
A good sequel to a well loved movie.
Dark Forest seems like it is mostly paying homage to the old slasher/horror films of the 80s. It's not Shakespeare, but it accomplishes what it set out to do which is make a film that is good campy fun. Horror/slasher fans should give it a watch.
This really wasn't a bad movie. In fact, there were a few really good moments. The acting and story were just a tad better than middle of the road. If you've got some time on your hands and in the mood for something just a tad off center, this will do it.
Not sure how to categorize this... ghost, murder mystery, possession, mixture of all three.... good movie though. Acting well done. I'd give a go. Oh and I love that it's filmed in the South with those lovely southern accents.
Organized religion is a scan and this helps prove that.
Not as good as I thought it would be.
Enjoyed the supernatural concept, self care is important for the sake of family.
very well acted, very dark
A good love story that keeps u intrigued to the end. Couple struggling to keep there relationship together and how there friends was there to help them through it. U don't know how much your relationship can effect your friends until u go through something like this. The ending still has me wondering if they worked it out. Might have to be a part ll lol. The two main actors carried the film well
Has a lot of holes in the story but it wasn't bad
By far the best looking alien in any movie so far. The plot was okay, acting wasn't terrible. Unfortunately the producers have limited knowledge of how ammunition works.
I opted not to rent this movie yesterday because it was 11% on rotten tomatoes, so I rented Aquaman instead, which I had to stop watching after 30 minutes because it was so bad. So tonight, I rented Holmes and Watson like I originally intended, in spite of the bad ratings, and I was pleasantly surprised. This movie was entertaining. It wasn't as funny as step brothers, but it wasn't as stupid as step brothers either. It was good. If you are a Ferrell/Reilly fan, then you will enjoy this.
This movie was very much an independent film. Usually independent films are too far out there for me to enjoy. t certainly kept my attention & had me wondering who was the crazy person for most of the movie. I tend to watch more streamline movies, but I did enjoy this & would recommend.
Island of Grace is heartwarming and inspiring. We need to take our circumstances to Jesus, who wants to love and care for you, they can never be too much for God. The acting was well done and it is a clean movie-what a relief!
Lots of enjoyable parts to this film but it was very comic and a wacky at time.
Pretty entertaining. Some acting was bad, fight scenes unreal, but entertaining!
This was pretty good. It wasn't what I thought it was going to be, nor did I expect it to have the unexpected twist in the storyline that remained untold until almost about the last 10 minutes of the movie. For the most part, I didn't like any of the characters in the story at first, they all seemed so self-centered and just plain unpleasant people to be around, so I really didn't care what happened to them for much of the movie. But I guess by the last part of the movie, a couple of the characters did stand out, and it gave me someone to rout for by the end. The movie does have a fair amount of gore in a few of the scenes, although thankfully that wasn't what was happening in the majority of the movie since they kept it mostly to the scenes where it was necessary to tell their story. I'm not a fan of movies which just slash their way through characters one after another with no purpose whatsoever, which was why I liked this one because it allowed me to watch and enjoy the storyline.
Better than a lot of lower budget horror movies.
Good 80s action movie. Rutger Hauer makes a really good bad guy and Sylvester Stallone and Billy Dee Williams make a good buddy cop team. I think this would have made a good franchise.
Ok I am a fan of Christian Kane which is one reason I chose to watch this but it is a cute yet moving movie
Great family fun! Loved it!
I enjoyed most of it..
Story line was meaningful, refreshing take on an old story.
This movie shows the awkwardness and the uncomfortable mistakes that come with growing up. The characters are flawed and easy to relate to. It made me remember the pains of my teens, but also the excitement and the sense of wonder that lives in those years. The film filled me with a sense that I should remember my passions and myself.
The movie is awesome.
Not normally a Paul Rudd fan, but he did a great job. Kinda need to through any realism out the window with this Marvel Character, but what Deadpool does for R rating,  man does for PG
The story about Annie and Baxter's life growing up and being used in performance art by their parents unfolds throughout the movie and keeps it interesting. Then there's the mystery of what happened to the parents. The movie isn't funny, not even darkly, but sad. I enjoyed it and can't see watching it again, because the mystery is solved.
Just seems a little formulaic. Still an good movie to watch for anyone that enjoyed the previous movies. But as I've said with other movies, unless you have little kids, rent don't buy.
Some continuity flaws, but one great knife fighting scene, and some good twists and turns. Overall, worth watching.
Very good story based on real events. Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba are great together. It makes me want to read the book.
great job from a journalistic point of view. lacking visual aesthetics
That was so cute. I would say something about the incomplete aspect of the ending but don't want to ruin it with a spoiler.
Great film! Very entertaining.
A little ridiculous but funny.
Action packed movie with a great storyline.
I saw this in the movies and watched it again. I enjoyed it. Had a twist that I didn't expect.
Bronson at his best.
Very Good. Total turn of events as the story develops.
The French, usually very interesting. Reno always plays a good part.
Thought it was pretty funny considering it was a video short about an Elf on the Shelf, fruit, and a paranoid tick.
Very good acting and story.
Great horror movie - been a while since I've actually enjoyed a well-made movie
Isla Fisher is adorable. Everyone else is A OK. Worth watching the entire movie just for the ending...Priceless!
Pretty cool. Had higher expectations. But still enjoyed it.
Lots of planning to get to lots of action
A woman ahead of her time=good movie
This movie is entertaining but the biography, The Snowball, does a much better job of explaining Mr. Buffett's life, influences, and business strategy.
Nice acting and action
What a fun little romp! Not all that bad performance wise. Not sure why they had to knock the warrior guy out every 3 seconds. Kind of a girl power flick.
I had somehow missed this movie's existence, although that may be no big surprise since I'm not a Gaiman fan. But I love this sort of fleshed-out fairy tale. It is very well done, playing around with the standard tropes enough to be interesting but not enough to kill the heart, and adding enough to give structure and weight without resorting to filler.
This was a really bizarre film about a man who is sequestered on an island off the coast of MS, AL, LA in the Gulf on Mexico...he doesn't really speak to anyone except this person/civilian who comes to him now and then, and he comes to that person now and then. It is sort of like Nell, only Matthew McConaughey plays Jody Foster's character.
Some of the dialogs were very predictable. About halfway through you should be able to figure out what's going on. A couple of characters are unnecessary.
Kids loved it I thought it was cheesy as hell but so was the first one
Great film... classic coming of age
Good flick but as a old school original Star Wars fan not the best
Brutal but there was a story behind it. Would have liked a wider look into the world but it would have diluted the experience. It's an intense film. Some of the actors did very well with their roles.
I loved the series and was sad when it ended. By the end of 8 seasons, it felt like friends were leaving. I was so happy when the movie came out. It was fun to catch up but not as good as the series.
Lots of plot twists and satisfying character development. Ending is a bit anti-climactic.
Gory fun!! Not to be taken too seriously!! Had nightmares about Art the clown for days!!
The story is sweet. But, its so hard to take Harry Potter as a grown man because 1 hes short and 2 he speaks with a british accent. I feel this movie could have been 10 times better if the leading man was taller and spoke like an American. The banter was really fun between the two. But, decent movie.
A great story well told
I really liked it. I only gave it a 4 because I believe it could have used a little ore special effects, but that's the only thing that I think could have made it better. Good story, good acting. What if Superman thought he was better than us??..Just watch and see
Fun, humorous and well acted. It takes a looooong time before there is any action but the acting more than made up for that.
It's pretty good. Yes, there is a bit of conjecture but it does not mar my beliefs in what the word says.
Great movie based on a true story (which is what I like).
Great documentary about regional politics in the Middle East. Interviewing actual Iranians along with various foreign ministers & intelligence chiefs from US, France, UK lends more color to the complexity of the challenges here spanning religion and the influence of western concepts such as freedom, liberty, and nationalism... and the heart of it all - who will wrest control of oil production and profit participation. A fascinating watch - i highly recommend this documentary along with Blood & Oil - The Middle East in World War I documentary to get the full spectrum of issues and context behind the conflict-prone region as we know it today.
Be warned that this is not the book. I re-read the book and (bluntly) a lot of it doesn't hold up so well today, so the filmmakers took a lot of risks: some paid off and some didn't. Some of them actively backfired because they contradicted the integrity of remaining bits of source material. Some very interesting visual decisions were set up well but then filmed shockingly badly so they couldn't really be seen. But Storm Reid actively carries this movie with a performance so natural that I can't confirm she was acting; +2 stars just for the strength of her lead. She drops multiple choke-up moments over the run-time: the principal's office early in the film is the first and the least of them; if you don't feel it at all then this movie's probably not for you.
A surprisingly good story. Decent acting and special effects. I wasn't expecting much from a movie based on a low end TV series, but had to admit it was much better than I'd thought it would be. The kids really liked it. I really liked that fact that it was written and produced well enough that I didn't sit there dreading the time spent watching it. In fact I'd even go so far as to say that it was entertaining, although admittedly my expectations were low to begin with.
Enjoy the movie Enough although it was somewhat difficult to follow. Absolutely love the music soundtrack. Charlize is a badass and I rather enjoyed watching her beat the crap out of people
I'd give this show 5 stars if I didn't didn't have to root for the cubs to enjoy the movie. If you can stomach that, the show is really good.
This was a cool film to watch, was a little different than normal UFO films.
Family feuding at it's best. =)
I enjoyed the movie. My favorite part was the 2 cops that appeared on screen. The cop that was the driver was the funniest from the movie, but overall enjoyable.
Is ok, did not get bored.
I found it very easy to follow and don't understand some of the negative comments. I like stories about real people so maybe that's why I really liked it. I thought John Travolta did a very good job. I don't think it's as easy to play a real character as it is a fictional one. I thought the rest of the cast were also very good. If you lived thru certain decades and remember headlines and news, etc., movies like this help to connect all the dots. I would definitely recommend it.
Was actually really surprised by this sweet movie. It was a typical rom com but actually one of the better ones out there now a days. Sweet movie
It is nice movie, good actors, but as the most Russians movies are depressing.
Enjoyed this film. Nice twists and turns (though it was what I predicted). Good to have a real ending too, so many films just leave you hanging.
Overall I liked this movie although I wish the ending had more of a punch. Kind of weak at the end.
It's both fast and slow. If you're an avid drama movie fan, this is a no-brainer. The framing is incredible. The plot heart-wrenching.
My husband and I thought it was pretty good. The plot is a bit over the top but it is good enough to keep you on your toes. The acting is excellent. Woody Harrelson never ever disappoints. I recommend this movie to those who like westerns, which violence is a given, though it is just the right amount.
Fun slasher flick. Definitely worth a watch.
Slow at times but worth it
Not as good as the first one
I really enjoyed this film. It's a low-key comedy with lots of interesting little details and vignettes. It's not in a huge rush to get anywhere, so if you just got home from a busy day, and you're not feeling like getting rushed, this film is going to move at your pace and deliver laughs. It's nice to see a little comedy that knows what it is and feels comfortable with it.
Good movie. Only drawbacks that Matthew Mc is a ut fan
The first 15 minutes I was like...MEh...THen it picked up momentum and finished strong. I award 4 stars.
This is a deliberate departure from the mood of the other movies in this series. Having seen all the other movies is the series more than once, I'm fine with the change up. I enjoy the evolution of the Predator backstory. The Predator is fluffier and has more jokes, some of which are horror/sci-fi insider humor. I thought the acting and production values were quite good but the previous film are so epic.....well, this sequel had a lot to live up to. Solid film. Definitely recommended.
Why all the 1 star reviews? It's great if you want a little feel-good show. Jennifer Aniston was darling and funny. It was heartfelt at moments, but mostly light and fun to watch. There were a couple cheesy moments toward the end, but nothing that made me think it was totally ridiculous. If you are watching because you love Julia Roberts, you'll be disappointed. She has a minor part and her character isn't all that likable.
I wish I could've seen what happened after the cops got him. Anyways good suspenseful movie
I have loved this move since I was a kid and now my daughter can watch it too
...having children.? Watch this film.
Entertaining and in a weird way funny.
This movie starts rather slow and I was somewhat disappointed with the ending but in between was a beautiful love story, mistakes were made, young people having to deal with consequences of their actions, true love and the disappointments that can accompany true love. Overall great movie.
Enjoyed this movie. Had a few laughs with the characters.
Interesting. Watch it.
REALLY GOOD We are destined for this future. it's scary.
Kid forced me to watch this and it turned out to be delightful. Not as memorable as some other animated movies but totally worth the watch.
Some heavy duty wife perspective here.
As there were practically no good movies in 2017, I actually enjoyed this one.
Bugs is a psychological horror film with an original idea and story. I enjoyed the three short films combined together.Each part left you feeling paranoid and unnerved with a touch of growing obsession about the different questions surrounding the story line. Due to the genre, I'd say that was a goal of the writer and director and it was well done. The camera angles and sounds/music also contributed positively to the unsettling feeling.
Helen Mirren is so great in this suspenseful movie.
Slightly better than the theatrical cut. I liked the theatrical cut though.
I'm a HUGE Halloween fan. I thought the overall storyline was great, but I was hoping for more of a wow ending. I was left wanting more of a FINAL; for sure he's dead ending to Michael. but maybe that was the point if they are planning on a Halloween 2.
It was much better than I was expecting. Had a little bit of comedy mixed with some action. Overall an enjoyable movie.
I thought I was watching an old sitcom at first -- something low budget that was rapidly produced. Production value doesn't really hold up as a movie. But that said, it was amusing and unique. I'd like to see more from this universe.
It was entertaining enough.
I actually thought that this was pretty well done. I think these girls may have been naive in their initial expectations but it felt genuine. I think this push/pull between harnessing your sexual power and compromising your personal morals is an important conversation. I also think they displayed an above average consideration of the ramifications of this lifestyle.
keeps your attention
This was well acted. I like that it showed that most people will act decently in an emergency. Of course there's gonna be stupid people acting stupidly, but they they were dealt with in this movie. And it wasn't gory.
This was very good for an indie feature. The story isn't necessarily unique, but it is done well. I can appreciate what was done with mostly 3 actors and a house. I would recommend watching this mystery unfold.
Enjoyed the movie, good unique plot for a zombie type flick. Ending OK but didn't really explain the movie very well, some threads left hanging.
This was a very well done movie. It had just enough of everything to tie it together. It was scary as hell on some parts and had pretty decent character development. The plot was solid and while there may have been bits and pieces that could've been added to, it wasn't enough to ruin it. Technically "low-budget " it was not low quality.
Very enlightening and very scary!
Pretty typical season
Lol. A bull who loves the smell of flowers....I mean, that is a ridiculous storyline at best. Great music. Great animation. Kid loves it. It's for kids, so I'm rating it as such.
Classic better than new movie
No one in the circle had enough common sense to see where this was going to end? I had a so called muslim friend that was pissed off at his girlfriend so he held her hostage for 3 days, she was 15. Wasn't able to call home or use the phone. The moment she told me what was going on; I yelled him into a corner. Then told her to get her shit, walked her out of the house and took her home.
Was a movie about someones life, and how he tried to change, but he could not. We all could learn something from this movie. Also the locations for me, were lovely, as I live in California, and have never been to the East Coast of this great country we are fortunate to reside in.
This showed some great history and told a story many of us probably knew about but never truly knew the details. I love that it showed the internal struggle of faith and how one's story has so many layers and that life is much more complex than we think. There were a few times where it was difficult to hear/ understand (sometimes keeping track of the characters was difficult to follow) but overall it was well done. Quite enjoyable thank you
Pleasant surprise. Well thought out and delivered scares and tension that made the movie an enjoyable experience. Would recommend to anyone who likes this genre.
I didn't enjoy it as much as The Force Awakens. JJ Abrahams did a much better job. Still, I am finding the last of the SW trilogies to be intriguing. (Mark Hamill does a fabulous job as the embittered Luke.)
This was a great thriller! Ignore the reviews below this one a give this one a try. It's a slow cooker that continues to boil until steaming all the way to the end. David Tenant is a hateful monster!!
I am an actress in independent films. When I watch an independent film I keep in mind that they are usually working on a small budget. That means that they really need to bring the script to life and work harder to tell the story. I agree with some of the other reviews that some of the acting could be improved on, I saw the disconnection between the characters too. Also, I would have been nice to actually be scared by the possession. To sum it up though, I enjoyed watching it.
Not bad. I've seen far worse.
I though "oh here is that guy from taken at it again." But was a good balance and mix of action, posing questions, and twists all along the way. Well worth a watch
The plight of a sweet beautiful young girl who is driven to homelessness by the crass, uncaring attitudes of the "adults" in her life. With the help of a recovered, formerly homeless alcoholic and her aunt who realized her own selfish attitudes, the runaway is found and finds healing, recovered relationships and hope for a good future.
Movie moved slowly and I anticipated much of what happened. However, it definitely kept my interest. Lots of intriguing subplots and believable characters. Will probably view it again.
Good re-make of the European version, but a very dark and disturbing movie.
Hard to hear, old and not edited. I'd prefer to use dvd instead.
A movie we can watch over and over
Just a light weight movie we watched on Christmas..... It's fun seeing the clothes from that time period.....
Great movie! Really enjoyed it!
Well done documentary on the causes, spread, and investigation of pathogens in the modern world. Focuses on only a few from the last decade (unfortunately showing its age) and provides historical context where applicable. Would love to see an updated or more recent version on the same topic.
Makes me smile every time. A very nice escape
A very poignant film. Better than what the cheezy film poster suggests. It's worth viewing.
Really enjoyed this movie lots!
Very funny movie. Kept me watching
Iron man is a great movie with lots of action and excitement.
Very emotional movie about a daughter who found the site where her father, who died when she was 3 yrs. old, was buried along the Ho Chi Minh Trail.
Loved the dark humor. Great job guys.
Love this movie kept me on the edge of my seat at all times
My girl loves this movie. Good buy.
You'll see that there a lot of negative reviews on this film, but the movie was honest, fair, and straightforward. It was truthful--not propaganda, and it is worth your time.
I loved this movie. I'm sewing and designing myself for over 20 yrs, so I was particular interested in details of making dresses, trials, and it's all so real and well done. The story and the characters are developed so well, so you can feel the breathing of the society, with always present envy out of being bored with life, and all sorts of pressures. And really weird love story. I enjoyed the ambience this movie provided, with the pictures, conversation and music. I layed back and truly enjoyed over 2 hrs, not even being aware how long it is. As I said in the title, like reading a good book. Once you can't find time or focus to do so :-)
All the emotions. Great story that was fun to watch and original.
Good round view of our free speech being shown to be under attack!
love her movies and had to see it again
Visually stunning! I absolutely loved it!
Other than the obvious message, this was a good movie and worth renting.
The best Marvel movie by far! So much action and moving pieces. Would recommend for comic books fans and those new to the series.
Big fan of the current MCU. Have to keep rewatching each to catch all the details I missed as each new film comes out. Winter Soldier is particularly unique with some great writing and character development. It doesn't hurt that Robert Redford is in the film.
Yet, again. This movie made you think one way and then swayed totally the other way while keeping the script strong. And, the wonderful actors and actresses added to the intense of this movie. I had looked at the trailer and written it off of my list but my husband wanted to watch it. Afterwards, I asked myself, how could I have been so wrong with this one. The movie is absolutely only ONE of its kind; I have never seen anything like this before. WOW. I will own this one digitally.
This film was great! Forget all the haters on here they have no taste. This film was action packed and a thrill ride!!
Although it was incredibly tough, I made it through to the end, without looking away. I could only imagine how difficult this project must have been to work on. Thank you Ken, Lisa, and to all of you that had a hand in producing this documentary. It was difficult to watch, but I cried the hardest during the parts where I was able to see some of the rescued dogs doing so well; a reassuring glimpse of the light at the end of the tunnel.
I found this very interesting and I must admit very informative as I had never heard of this movement.
Funny, touching, beautiful. Everyone should see this film!
You must be deeply in love of God to be able to fully understand why Henrietta give up her love over serving others and standing by in her calling.
Great movie. Low budget but great movie
Our family likes this movie. We watch it every Halloween. Its dumb of course, but in a fun way. Its clean...and I find his little comments to be pretty funny
Fun unique movie with a kick ass soundtrack. Recommend checking it out and ton of cool cameos that I won't spoil.
Very sad true story!
Great movie for kids and the whole family
If this story is true, and there is plenty of expert testimony to assume it is, then this man went half crazy at not being allowed to solve man's biggest problem...clean energy at zero cost. Well worth the time to watch.
When movies feel boring to you, watch Jumanji. Jumanji it an experience that needs to be experienced
Generally I can guess twists pretty early on, I was pleasantly surprised when this one took an unexpected turn. A very odd, psychological conundrum of a movie. Definitely worth a watch.
Hell of a fight and High definition view from my Fire Tv Cube loved it
We liked the twists in the story and the reality of what it was. Great Movie!
This movie is a slow burn but the beautiful shots and audio carry you through for a good time. Really looking forward to more work from this crew!
Very heart warming movie.
Really interesting story!
Fantastic story line and very political which still applies to today's society.
Exquisite. And the cinematography alone is a compelling reason to watch this.
Loved the movie, plot and characters. You can really feel the emotions
Acting was nice, plot maintained the suspense.
This film was nothing short of amazing. I found myself relating to Jade and I even spoke to the screen a few times as if they could hear me. The film spoke to the very real insecurities and criticisms that we face as black women. I will recommend this film to everyone. I hope that many will be changed by this film. I just disliked the occasional profanity.
well acted but not feasible. Enjoyable if you like syfy.
Very weird and interesting.
Concept, not quite ground breaking, but near it. Acting, very believable. Characters, truly relate able. Just an overall wonderful experience with acceptable flaws and inconsistencies. The attention to detail is much appreciated. Visually pleasing, yet subtle enough to feel plausible. I enjoyed the ride and was very impressed by the obvious passion put forth. Please watch this film in an uninterrupted setting. It draws you in. 4.5 STARS!!!
One of the best movies I've ever seen in my life. Bonus its a true story.
Was a digital copy not a physical.
This film is absolutely incredible. Hard to watch at times, but in my opinion none of the drug use, sex, or violence is gratuitous in any way--they are all used as plot devices to tell an intricate story about the love and pain experienced by the four main characters. One of the most rewarding things about the film is that it never makes itself obvious. You can watch it and enjoy it without analyzing it, but there is so much happening underneath the surface that I would encourage anyone watching to really think about the symbols and metaphors that are presented throughout the film. Everything connects in such a beautiful way. Meow.
I'm a huge fan of Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett and both together makes this movie fantastic. One of my all time favorites.
Fun to watch. I learned so much about chickens in a short movie.
Great movie for all. For boys a good coming of age movie
I stumbled across this show a few weeks before it's final episode aired. Fans of Buffy the Vampire Slayer or similar shows will likely enjoy it. Really disappointed there won't be a season 4- the show really hits it's stride in season 3.
Great movie! Awesome Western!
Not your typical demon-possession horror movie.
Wow. I was blown away by this unexpected gem. If you are someone who craves a good film, and sometimes feels bored by the predictability of the hollywood universe plot of beautiful people with super powers, watch this! So interesting: different and resonant with incredible acting.
One of my favorite movie franchises.
My wife, kids and I all laughed quite a bit
Very happy with my purchase. I simply couldn't wait for season 3 to come out on Hulu, so I purchased it through prime video!
I can't say it any better than some of the other reviewers. This is a heartfelt and vulnerable eyewitness account that is compelling in its sincerity. A unique perspective in the field of 9/11 remembrances.
If you enjoyed 1 & 2, you will enjoy this final with the same characters, comedy, and music. This is one of those types of movies that provide a great break from the craziness of your day.
Already a big fan of western, was just searching through Amazon one day when I found this gem. Now one of my favorite movies of all time, Bone Tomahawk was a great story that was very underrated. I have never heard of it! It was amazing and had me on my toes till the very end. Kurt Russel has done great again.
I love the Avenger movies, and this latest installment is the best. It's great fun to have all these characters working together, and the humor is outstanding. Just plain good fun, with plenty of hero moments, eye-grabbing fight scenes, epic graphic settings. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a couple of hours of pure, unadulterated entertainment. I've watched it a number of times and don't think the entertainment factor will fade. Worth the investment.
Great movie, great cast and it ends good.
Good Movie! Book was better, but never disappointed with Tom Hanks movies!
Absolutely the best movie I've ever seen. Teaches you how to fight battles on your knees! I would give this 10 stars if I could. God bless the writer and producer/actors for making this film. It's changed my life, my prayer life and my relationship with God. A must see!
Not sure how to put in to words. Engaging story-telling, mesmerizing photography, ambient soundtrack. Almost a hard-boiled, zen-like experience.
A warm hearted chick flick. Coming of age, life changes, believable characters. Highly recommend!
This one has it all. Sex, drugs rock n roll, stuff that blows up and it's a little rom com for date night, sort or
I really liked this movie
A brilliant classic. A beautiful story. Two great actors. You cannot go wrong with this one.
Jack Jack is back!! It was better them the first one. The racoon scene was awesome!! Will ha e to buy this one!!
Clever. Witty. Heart Warming and wonderfully done. Up there with my all-time favorite feel good movies. A very well-done Gay Romantic Comedy. I've watched it at least 4 times since buying it, because it makes me feel so good. I hope others will like it as much as I do.
It's Star Wars. What's there to say????
Family movies (series of 3 movies)
Ru Paul's stage race all stars season 3 episode 6 ends early. The reviews online all talk about the elimination but the episode here stops just short of the lip sync elimination. Normally I would assume this was on purpose but literally everyone that watched the episode live keeps talking to me about the elimination as well as reviews online are ranting about it. Please fix this.
I stumbled on this documentary one day. I am thrilled I did. It is great to see how a whole town was effected and part of an amazing, ground breaking movie. I would love to say I meet Steven Spielberg. Thank you all for making this.
I can't even articulate the disastrous and horrific legal aspects; what I have to focus on is the SPIRIT of Deborah, her two lawyers, the film makers, and the private investigator. There is NO happy ending here, but what there was...revealed true compassion and support for TOTAL injustice to Deborah and the many others on earth who are incarcerated from a survival response to their abuser. Hopefully every tiny light shines brighter with our awareness. Hopefully... {tears}
This is a story about a woman finding her strength in a most difficult situation. It is beautifully shot and directed.
Not giving up the ending. A must wast movie.
Very funny movie. Begged my spouse to watch it with me, and they laughed harder than I did.
A steamy french love story that is as disturbing as it is masterfully acted and directed. The trick is too look for the art in the film that is behind the horror. Peer into the psychology of this very deranged couple which is very skillfully presented. Not a film for everyone due to its unsettling nature.
Great movie... was very good.
One of the best movies I've seen in years. It's an almost borderline experimental film. That being said, there is a narrative about Colin Farrell being trapped in a love hotel and threatened with sexual frustration. It all takes place in a world where the most randomly bizarre events are treated as normal everyday reality. A hilariously absurd story about a man who wants nothing more in life than to find his long lost lobster. I laughed so hard at that ending!
What do Godly people in positions of power do when they have let down those who depend on them? How do they forgive themselves? Anyone who has a burden will feel uplifted by the humanity and frailty of the characters in this well made movie.
What an amazing story of courage and resilience. If ever you feel life is not worth living, or you have it rough, just remember someone else has had it even more so and they chose to live. Amazing story and wonderfully written.
My son cannot stop watching this video.
We liked this movie on our family movie night. It was wholesome and had nice cinematography.
First let me get rid of the subtitle debate. I've been watching foreign films for many years and prefer them to dubbing. Of course the subtitles must be well done and easy to read or they are more of a hindrance than a help. As for the movie, it was informative, emotional, and thought provoking. What a heavy burden anyone in a leadership position has when his/her decision can bring harm to the people the lead. Can't imagine making the decisions that led to the out come of this situation, the Normandy invasion, our Civil War, etc. Whether I agree with the decisions or not, I admire the stamina it takes to make them. I have to give a word of kindness to the poor German envoy (much like the Japanese Consul at Pearl Harbor) that tried to get a deal that would save lives. I think he believed this would be the best option for Norway. I'm surprised he wasn't just shot for having failed at getting the king's signature on the agreement. I agree with all of the positive comments about the acting, script and cinematography. They were all wonderful. We all need to know more about the smaller countries that were part of the war. There people deserve recognition and our gratitude for doing what they could.
Funny lines, will watch again.
This guy is hysterical, remind me of how life was when I was a kid growing up!
Well written and directed.
As a high school teacher I thought my kids would totally be over this "kids" movie - but it turns out -they all loved it!
Life is such a grey zone. Michael Caine is driven to clean-up his neighborhood a la Charles Bronson style after his best friend is killed. This film explores the nuances of old age in a crime ridden part of town.
Harry Potter fan Great price for the digital copy quality is really amazing
Plain and Simple: I just really enjoyed this movie and loved McCarthy and Grant. One of those tales (based on a true story) where I think: You can't make this *hit up.
What a powerful short film! Speaks to the past and the present. We have come a long way, but we still have a long way to go. The hearts of man has to change.
Very creative and relatable movie that captures your attention! Two thumbs up.
This is an amazing documentary that should be shown in every church and school classroom in America and Europe. It agrees with what most people in the free world think and believe in their hearts but have been silenced. It's time to open our eyes and our mouths.
Great movie. My husband remembers watching this as a kid and so we decided to watch it with our kids.
For hardly any lines spoken the movie is excellent. Lots of suspense. Twist and turns from the beginning.
This is the first movie I've ever rated and I gave it 5 stars. As I am a writer(Pen Name: Goulash)... I wanted to see who wrote the screenplay. I guess I'll have to look elsewhere for that information, but I thought it was a very interesting movie. It has all the elements, and as old as it is, I can't imagine why it isn't very well known. I am always curious of time travel type movies and books, but too many of them have a contrived air about them... this movie is one of the exceptions. Any one that is intrigued by the notion of time travel will enjoy this movie. Goulash... Goulash Publishing
It's been a while since i watched it, but i think i liked it.
Very much looking forward to a sequel!
A classic comedy with metaphysical Witt.
Love this show but missed the last season
Best movie I have seen in a long time. It is a life changing movie!
our 2 year old grandson loves this
Loved this movie. Great acting, fun storyline, satisfying ending and so many gorgeous things to look at (Singapore! Designer clothes! Jewelry!) Loved it from start to finish.
It's Charlie Sheen and most people know this show, if you're looking at it then go ahead and buy it
Very good movie. Wish I could find others this good.
I'm not usually a fan of movies like this but it had some nice plot twists and unexpected events to keep me interested
Love movie and it is not on the usually streaming channels
One of the best. There is something about a superhero movie that is self-aware. This is a great origin story that doesn't feel like one. Paul Rudd is awesome, Douglas is fatherly, Lilly (Kate) is cool and powerful. The bad dude was a little forced, but that's okay. Worth your 3 bucks to rent it.
This story had controversy opinions that made it very enjoyable. Pacino became the doctor so perfectly with such commitment like no other. If you love A.P.as much as myself don't miss this one. He owns his craft.
The language and sex scenes kind of through me for a loop with it being associated with Tyler Perry. However, I cuss and have sex, so it didn't bother me. Lol
I have loved this movie since it came out. Super funny.
Was a cute movie I enjoyed it. Couldn't figure out if I thought it might be too scary for my two grandkids but they seem to like it too. I think somehow another it's a little bit of a takeoff of a good goosebumps movie. Jack Black is always funny.
one of the best movies i've ever seen
Awesome Movie! As expected...
Redford makes this thriller believable!
my baby super.like it
This was a well organized documentary about Audrey Hepburn. It details her parents and possible ancestry, and takes you chronologically through her life from childhood to her movie career until the end of her life. I saw another documentary about her, but it wasn't as detailed as this one. For example, the other documentary never explained how she passed away, but this one explains that it was due to colon cancer. Narrated in British English, it offered a good timeline on how she lived her life with lots of good scenes and clips of her.
Great movie. But sad
Cute and family friendly. One of the best recent Christmas movies
One of my all time favorite sci-fi movies. It still holds up pretty well even today.
This movie is simply amazing. There is so much that can be taken away from the film that it is hard not to watch it several times over. I have only seen it in the Russian with English subtitles, but it is worth the time to watch. As someone who is frequently watching subbed work this film does an amazing job of allowing the emotion to be portrayed even in the subs and is able to make it an easy pace to follow even with slower readers. The story is one that anyone can relate too. The pains of growing older, discovering new truths about yourself and others, understanding and accepting the differences in us, standing up for you heart and what you believe in and it even manages to add in sibling understanding in to its plot. The CGI is also really good and makes the mystical creatures come alive. It also has such beautiful music that hearing it in any other language I feel would ruin the entire feeling that the movie produces. Hope you find this worth watching.
Deserves more awards than it got
VERY FUNNY BUT TRUE...
By far the BEST Thor Movie to date!
I don't think you'll be disappointed...
I was sad to see these characters go after the final episode. I enjoyed this series from beginning to end. They left me with a good feeling that everyone would be moving on to better things. Loved Nash and Wheeler.
Looking forward to seeing more this is an awesome short film!
Always a good family movie.
Love this movie! Love the action, the story, the emotion and urgency - great escape. I am not a zombie person - many movies dwell on the gore and horror of zombies, but not this movie. I am sure I have seen it over 20 times and I am never tired of it. The acting is done so well that I am transported into the film every time. My fingers are crossed for a sequel as I want to know what happens to these characters!
Another lifetime movie excellent own it on Prime video.
Took me forever to watch this movie for fear of bawling the whole time. Still bawled the whole time - but what a great story - so any life lessons.
When a veteran African-American street cop is unjustly convicted for the murder of a violent gang-member, he must take his appeal into his own hands to fight for both his life and freedom. Good story, good acting, a step above a B movie, action packed, a touch of drama.
This is a reslly done documentary everyone the grown ups have an angle. The parents are parents i like kids they were sweet. But a good insiteful doc.
This is one of my favorite movies. The characters and their acting was great! It has action and makes you think, and just all around great movie. Ive watched it several times and love it every time!
Excellent in every way.
cool their brains exploded
My daughter wants to watch it over and over
Your Name is a great movie. Now I can stream and watch it anytime on Amazon.
Was a bit reluctant to watch first..... but was shocked by such an amazing n fun loving film... it had become one of my all time favorite movie....a refreshing film
Great movie cat found someone who loved her for her. She broke her out of her shell.
Absolutely loved watching Chasing Happiness. Loved the home videos and memories throughout the film. So glad they're back and better than ever.
Spider-Man is very good and would watch again.
Very happy I watched this one. It felt like a modernized version and was very genuine to the original. Very well done in every way. A+++ :)
Awesome cast, story line,plot and twist. Poetic
Absolutely love this show please make more
Wonderful, understated, witty film. A real treat and a huge family favorite!
We all realize by now that this wasn't limited to just one sick individual right? There were, and still are, people who allowed this to happen.. allowed all of it to happen for that one sick individual. The documentary was great, but just seeing the older footage collectively was enough for me to make up my mind personally. That's just me. As they stated, the grooming started obviously well before they even met. The posters, the dance moves, and Neverland itself. My questions after watching your show are simple. Who organized the scouting efforts? Dance competitions? Recorded in-home auditions? (That was a hard one to think about) I think instead of getting it, we all deserve the chance to make it right. Am I right O?
I love Call the Midwife. I was upset when the main character left. It's based on a memoir so I'm not sure if it was because that was the end of the book or what but that always changes things. I find the stories to be really topical and interesting.
Takes me back to childhood
Easy to find on my fire stick and that's my grandsons good night movie
Pulled from the Saturday Night Live sketches when Saturday Night Live was actually good, this movie stands the test of time. A fun look at when comedy was more about fun than shock value.
Wow, this thing starts with a bang and never lets you go! I was impressed by the storytelling, by the acting, by the music and score, and by the cinematography and editing. Dark and intense and satisfying. I particularly felt empathy for the fella hanging upside down through several scenes.
I couldn't find anything to complain about. A simple powerful and great film about the things life that really matter. For the whole family.
Highly recommend for those who don't like being spoon fed CGI garbage. Found myself getting chills throughout when the characters started solving the problems. This was one of the first 'first encounter' movies I've thoroughly enjoyed, let alone writing a review for one.
I'm in the food business and in an unknown future of my food business, because of my business partner. When I watch this movie, and I've watched it more than once, it inspires more to know I can shoot for the stars.
Always loved this movie
This documentary is only about an hour long, but it is well done. I'd never known of the two men featured, and their true story was fascinating.
This is nothing short of an excellent Horror. Very difficult to fault. Great story, lots o blood. What more can you ask for ? Apart from great effects, solid acting and good sound - none of which are in short supply.
Hilarious movie, have watched a few times.
Light hearted action comedy that takes inspiration from the original comic series.
Very meaningful movie
Both versions are very funny. not a spoiler alert but, if you're younger than 40, you may enjoy both versions a lot.
A message of hope and peace for today.
Entertaining. Clean. Definitely worth watching. Well written.
beautiful movie, especially towards the end when we show so much love to save a child regardless if it is ours or not.
I really enjoyed this movie, and hope it turns into a series! 
The story pulls you in. The artistic filmmaking leaves you breathless. This is no ordinary series. So tastefully and beautifully told, this kind of story telling is a lost art. I applaud everyone involved in the making of this series. I cannot wait to get back to my binge watching so I can finish season one. Thank you, Amazon video for an experience that far exceeded my expectations. Moreover, thank you for taking us to Paris....beautiful Paris. A city like no other. I have heard that Amazon is, like Netflix jumping into creating original films and shows. If this is an example of where they are heading, I could not be happier. The highest praise I can give is to compare it to the quality of a PBS production. Excellence is apparent here.
I wish this was on a watch list for all teenagers. Gripping moving and so real. I was totally moved by thhis film.
Poignantly beautiful.
Loved the fact that I was able to download this for free. Thanks so much. Now I can share this with the children in my life.
Hope Denzel makes Equalizer 3! Great show in revenge genre.
very funny movie enjoyed it
So far I have enjoyed every season of Alone and can't imagine not watching it!
This was a very good independent film. In many ways it reminded me of the old Tales From the Dark Side series from years ago. It was a nice collection of short stories that all tied to the Horror Hotel. Some gore but not over the top. I thought the acting was actually pretty good and the film quality was great for an independent film. I particularly enjoyed the segment about Houdini's hand and the one with the aging man. Give it a watch!
seems pretty natural to me, a girl like Jodi's reaction to a guy like Travis's hypocrisy. nobody likes to be used.
Extraordinary acting in a fine small film. Sublimely French, in all the right ways. I enjoyed it immensely.
Absorbing story of a gay older man in an delusional relationship with a much younger man. Sadly it fails but it's foreseen by everyone except the subject who is unfortunately an example of the many lonely gay men out there. A must watch film and thanks for making this film.
This is a wonderfully done documentary on the decline of our roadways in America. In no way would I have understood how bad things are without watching this film. Personally, I think this should be a required viewing for science/math (STEM) departments in schools. Get the problem into the minds of our youth NOW so they may start working on a solution. I highly recommend this for anyone and everyone who either drives on the roads, or utilizes our roadways in any way
It's a excellent movie i put the just as good as King Kong the Rock played his role good
Funny movie, still current
Love the music!! Very well done movie
This was a great show and a wonderful glimpse inside the school. My children attended school near Harrow for several years but I didn't know much about the school until this documentary. This school might be for the privileged and wealthy, but the boys have many and vast demands expected from them.
You will love this, very interesting story
Through the comedic lens of a fictional aging record company in the age of digital, Stadium Anthems is both a scathing rebuke of longstanding horrible music industry practices while also being an honest love letter to the music scene that struggles to survive throughout the core of it all and ties it all together. The character arcs in the film are quite beautiful sending many fringe characters whom seem antagonistic on their own journeys bring of sense of life that I really enjoyed. I highly recommend this Rock 'N' Roll flick from Writer / Director Scott Douglas Brown and especially love the final scene/lines of the movie which gave me chills.
I had to watch this a little at a time. It's gut-wrenching that this happened and watching this sort of documentary tends to be incredibly painful. As well it should be. But we owe it to those who lived through it to watch.
My oldest brother was a Star Trek fan just like me, and when he came home on leave (he was a naval aviator - SAR helo pilot) he took me to see it in the theaters. We just munched on popcorn and watched in awe. Such an excellent movie, and a great story that jump started interest in the franchise for the rest of the world.
Very cute, family friendly
Loved the character development!
Endless laughs, great humor, a bit juvenile at times but what do you expect. Worth renting.
It's raunchy, funny and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm definitely ready for another Shaft movie with the three generations kicking butts together again.
This short film grabbed my attention immediately and had me in suspense, it definitely needs to be a full feature film, it keeps you wanting more. Also, the quality of it was awesome which is also a plus in my book, great project. Corey B
Great great movie What else is there to say? Have seen it before and really should buy it because I enjoyed so much
Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!!Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!! Buy this!!!!
This movie is on my top favorites! Highly recommended. They need to make movies like this again.
Somehow this show can make incredibly crude and hilarious jokes while making you feel good at the end of every episode. The producers have a great way of delivering obscene comedy in a vehicle safe (and wholesome!) to watch with kids.
Loved this film. I wish it could be shown on one of the leading networks. It is a film that the world should see!T
A classic movie that should be in everyone's collection.
Wonderful. Had me on my seat a little bit about what was coming next!  Good Job, I'm Soooo proud of you..  A MUST SEE.. Everyone did GREAT.
Great movie. Loved it. Definitely glad we bought it. Delivery on time.
My daughter is obsessed with this movie! It's such a beautiful story with great songs and the colors are so memorizing that my daughter will sit there and just watch the move
I loved the writing and acting of this film. The words written transported me threw time. The fabric of this film was tangible for me. It felt as if I were reading a novel.
Best overview I have yet seen. Great presentation.
Good movie. The end should have been portrayed more like the book though. Me and my granddaughter watched it together and compared it with the book.
only someone who likes the new mission impossible movies could dislike this movie. that is to say, the 52% of you that didn't give this five stars are idiots.
This was a good movie I liked the ending. But still love the old classics movie.
Wheels within wheels, from one administration to the next. Regardless of your political persuasion you will be outraged by what you see here. The only thing that may prevent you from walking that last step toward outright cynicism are the acts of several brave people who had the courage to follow their conscience.
Claire Foy is amazing