The barbell pad is fine but the ankle strap is terrible. It does not hold well at all. I guess I'll havw to return everything.
Two nights in the water tide to our dock in the lake..... I'd say something liked this.
The grip bits are the hand portion of the glove we're falling off left and right. I'm not exactly sure why but it was probably after about 10 hours of use is when I really noticed it and began to slide my hands easier.
Never received the product
Broke in less than a week... Could not even return it...
The aluminum on the back rest on this chair bent the second time I sat in it. It was useless after that. It is not a heavy duty chair. I would not buy this chair.
Did not work as a band replacement for my Fitbit Surge...the top band did not slide on the entire way.
Very small almost too small but quality
This product is really loud! This broke on day 2. The base came apart and no way to snap it back together. The part where the cable plugs in came apart from its housing. I used blue tape. Next day, one of the two small wires from the cable housing (inside product) came loose. Have since bought another one and it's super quiet and no issues.
This was to replace my broken band. One side of this one doesn't fit exactly right, so it has a gap in it.
I ordered two of these with the exact same descriptions and logos. One was twice the size of the other. Not okay for my purposes.
I wear my fitbit every day. Normal wear, desk job, run, nothing out of the ordinary. The band is extremely dirty and can't be cleaned. I tried cleaning it with everything and it's really dirty looking after only a month of wearing it.
Didn't move much dust in the keyboard or even just on the desk.
Zipper ripped off within the first week.
Ripped in the wind, lasted one windy day only
So during 2nd Rifle season, up in the Colorado mountains, on Day 6 of the hunt.. mother nature decided to gift us with ~8 inches of snow. Finally, I had the opportunity to try out my Frogg Togg's and pull them out of my ruck. For the first couple hours, standing up right and walking through the snow looking for elk tracks, they worked great. They kept my legs dry and provided an extra layer of insulation. Despite it being around 13 degrees, my legs and torso were fine and I actually overhearing if anything after about an hour of walking in the snow. Then, we get back to the camp site.... We decided to throw on the snow chains to the truck in case we got can animal and needed mobility to move it. I took my first knee in my brand new, first time ever worn Frogg Togg bottoms... and the crotch blew out. Talk about disappointment. Maybe I received a defective product? Manufacturer/Amazon seller, please let me know if this is true. Or, is taking a knee while wearing these just out if the question? I was wearing 1 layer of thin poly pro's, one pair of super thin athletic pants (ADIDAS), a pair of Carhart hunting pants bottoms, and then XXL Frogg Togg bottoms when this happened. I felt like I was swimming in my clothing and was not expecting the crotch to pop. I mean, I could understand if I was wearing a Large, maybe even a XL, but come on..it was a 2XL. Am I supposed to be rocking 3 or 4X in order to be able to perform a simple function such as taking a knee? In closing.. thankfully the top I have is in good shape and no issues so far. Buyers beware. At least for the pants... which is what you need most! if I wanted to only protect my top, I would have went with my poncho.
The product is good however the company sent me two right wrist wraps. Which makes it very difficult to put on. My friend had ordered this product and didn't have any problems. I am unhappy with this.
I ordered two of these, they look solid and I was hopeful they would hold up. Both broke within just a couple of weeks use. Disappointing and a waste of time and money.
Worst experience ever on amazon I bought a table, balls and an extra set of players , but days later they said they don't ship to California ...... but just the table won't be shipped, you'll be stuck with the rest, and you will be charged when trying to return Costumer service is rude and very poor
This was my second one in about 6 months, the first one broke (the plastic that allows the clock face to snap in, split apart). I re-ordered in hopes it was a fluke but the second one broke in the same way after only 3 weeks.
This is terrible. Keeps falling apart. You can get better from the dollar store.
I thought I will use for water so that i don't have to use too many plastic bottles but it failed. It leaks all the time no matter how we set up. Don't buy!! Not worth with price u pay.
Description: "leather cover", not leather. What a waste. Why publish an in accurate product description?
Bought for airsoft doesnt work even with have the loaded amount in their.. spring action is weak for 20$
I have used the black precut tape & it works fantastic. This red tape isn't very good & will not stick to my fingers while bowling.
Received the wrong size 4 times!! Customer service only refunds and asks you to reorder. Ridiculous. If I could leave less than 1 star I would.
unbreathable item, I though it is because of the size; so I decided to replace the item but the issue as a customer you must pay for the refound shipping which cost around 4 dollars and the item itself 9 dollar .. doesn't make any sense !!!!
These are for giants or are resistance bands (bigger) not loops. They cannot be the same product as in the image because that woman would need to stand with her feet about 4 feet apart to get any resistance from these things.
Terrible. Never showed up
Got this in the mail a few months ago. Unboxed it yesterday after coming back from overseas and it was defective. Batteries were changed out and it still did not work.
We've had ours for a little around a month and the black strip that is holding the top to the base is fraying and breaking. Other than that it does keep everything cold for a long time! Update.. the underside of the top completely busted this didn't last long at all 😡
Second time trying another back brace, doesn't work. Still allows me to stay in the wrong posture and if i tighten it too much, it just hurts my armpit. Awful.
Did not fit and one of the straps detached when trying it on.
It came broken! The cover was put on backwards and you cannot take off the framed corner pieces to fix it. We had everyone at the beach for fathers day and couldn't play the game. Disappointing..
First time using the elastic band it broke.. I used other similar products that lasted over a year.
I bought the tracker about a month ago and loved it initially. Nice looking, helpful to have the movement reminders, innovative charging design. However, when it hit one month of ownership the unit would no longer charge and there for is totally useless. At the rate of $30 for one month, not a great deal.
The club is excellent. Amazon's order handling was terrible. Can't be trusted to deliver expensive items consistently. Customer service on follow up was mostly helpless
Ordered, only received the bar no weights, useless
First time out with this and both keeper pins fell out and strap fell off.
For the price I paid for these gloves they definitely are not worth it after two days of using them two of the fingers ripped and they're just made of thin material there supposed to help keep your hands warm but they don't . I would not recommend these gloves to anybody!!!
The table came with multiple broken pieces and imperfections on the table top due to screws underneath. I contacted Amazon and JOOLA but no one felt compelled to show strong customer service. Completely not impressed.
We still have not received our order. When message for an update they said didnt have a tracking number. Told us to wait a few more days
I loved the look of this band but unfortunately it has a cheap clasp and I lost my entire Fitbit!
This DOES NOT fit a 36 x 36 table. I have just spent 25 minutes trying to make it fit and it does not fit. I tried putting it in the dryer, as suggested to make it more maleable, but that was a waste of electricity. I bought two....what a waste of money!
It's a clip on frame for your watch. That's it. Not a screen protector at all. I had mine less than a day and it popped off. Now I have no idea where it is.
I was adjusting my strap for tightness and the magnet that keeps it closed came right off. I've only had it for 6 days!
scatched up my wooden floors
It is going on 4 WEEKS since I ordered this, says up to 8 weeks total until delivery!!! I needed this weeks ago for my job. Says shipped and I can't cancel. Must be coming from another country. Yuck. Don't order!! Ridiculous!!
I ordered a small. I received one small and one medium
They broke the first day my students used them.
It doesn't work or download any data to the app
it does not keep all the steps you take maybe half
Small and cheap looking.
Bottle is great. Company is annoying for emailing you until you leave a review. So here it is.
product did not work. return, one month later still haven't got my refund. don't buy it
While I appreciated my shirt arriving on time I ordered a 2XL shirt and a large was shipped to me. The shirt clearly states LARGE but the sticker on the outside says XXL. Your quality control is not good and has messed up a birthday gift.
Broke after second use
It broke down in a week
Works well. Needles seem to be a bit too thick. Worried that using this may damage my basketball. Have used it twice and it has worked well so far, however. UPDATE: I used this pump for a third time on my Wilson Evolution Basketball and it pushed in the rubber circle into the ball, popping it. Need is TOO thick. Buyer beware
bought 6 for the whole family. 2 came with battery issue. plug in to a charger and the screen shows a battery charging. but after an couple of minutes or an hour, even left it all night, it didn't charge the battery. unplugged it and it turns off... the other seems to be working fine..
I purchased twice and both times it had leaks I emailed about the “warranty” and they made me send a video of the leak and claimed they sent another one out to me, however, when I asked about shipping info I never received any. Very cheap material save yourself from the trouble.
This product sucks! Not only the package arrived damaged and all the bolts/nuts were all over the place, the instructions are very bad. It took me over 4 hours to put it together.
I did not receive it them, I was call amazon and they left my package in an other address. They put my money back in my account
This arrived and was a normal razor in razor comm packaging taped back together. Didn't even have batteries...
Trying to get ahold of company for a week no response poor customer service and they charge you to return despite prime shipping
Mine leaked after using it for a week. I thought it was surely something I did wrong, but everything was nice and tight and yet it leaked. Unfortunately, it was in my bag at the moment, so it leaked all over everything. What a shame! I was really enjoying it... well until it leaked. Not sure what happened, so can't give you more details, but certainly is not something I would try again.
Sits too high on my head
Awful product lost several big fish before I threw the rest of the 90% full pack away broke and left the swivel on my line every time very disappointed
This is what I was sent instead of the pepper spray I ordered. Highly disappointed.
I'm writing this to say I never received my items it said it was delivered at the mail room at the apartment complex but when I go to check the apartment front desk mail room they said they never received the items
After 2~3 weeks of use, there is a tear on the hook area. Won't recommend this product to anyone.
The quality of this product is lacking durability. After a couple of times wearing holes appear out of nowhere. I did not snag them catch them tear them ,etc, overall too thin for active wear and use.
Zipper immediately broke first time my son wore it
The product itself is great. The way its made with a movable top button is horrible. I always find it turned in the spray position and have to keep turning it to the safe mode. Accidentally, it went off one day in my purse and I kept smelling something really bad but couldn't place my finger on it. PLEASE fix this flaw sabre! Otherwise it's a great product.
Good water bottle. But dropped it once and now the lid leaks .
Bought 2 of these at $200 each. 1 the net was too long so looks of poor quality and 2nd 1 the net is too short.and pvc doesnt fit together. Poor.quality and.construction for.what we paid.
Bad quality, don't buy!
Rough edges pull hair. I was so excited to use this with my curly hair but it snags hair on the edges of each finger. Would not recommend.
Material was not good. It is damaged already. My husband does not use the band daily. What is the return policy? Thanks!
Cheap knock off knife.
A little oversized. I contacted the company and was told I'd have to ship back. Understandably but it's heavy and I didn't want to be out anymore money so I made it work and just delt with all the movement. However, The elastic in the underarm area has frayed and stretched so much.
This does not work properly. I gave it 1 stars only because clock works. It does not track steps correctly. After shopping yesterday it said I went 3 steps. Hello.........I would not recommend anyone purchasing this product if you want to track steps.
To hard to put on by myself. Need help from someone else.
I have never received this product! Amazon never delivered it. Amazon acknowledged that it was lost in delivery. I want the product, I have paid for the product. I want answers, deliver it, or give me credit.
I never received it...I got a message that the box was torn and unable to deliver...and I have yet to receive it...
Heart rate monitor was 40-50 point off consistently.
Dislike this bottle so damn much. It was recommended in a YouTube video so I bought it. Worst $20 bucks of my life. Lid doesn't close and has spilled and the speaker is messed up.
Ordered red and black, sent black and black. Sold out of red and black so couldn't even get the right ones
Cheap product. You get what you pay for. I lost my Fitbit because the clasp is so flimsy, I only had it on for 20 minutes before it completely came apart.
The reason I purchased a shield was how small and concealable it is. Figured this holster would be a great cheap addition to my collection. It was definitely cheap. I was really surprised at how wide this made my pistol feel. I would not recommend this to anyone. The cheap uncle mikes Walmart special did a much better job.
It does not make me sweat the way sweet sweat does. I haven't seen any difference from wearing it and not wearing it
No matter how I arranged the links, I could not make it fit!
If you want to spend $20 on 6 batteries this is for you. I received the package, wasn't damaged/broken, it did include the batteries as stated, the laser itself was MISSING... don't bother, go to your local gun shop
This product came broke out of the package. One of the supports on the frame.
Add my two cents to all the negative reviews. I have experienced all the problems listed by others. Lid not secure; rod doesn't align; primers flip in the tray; tilt unit to feed primer into shell holder & the shell falls out. I have a 20 year old RCBS hand primer feeder that has worked like a charm for thousands of reloads. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Addendum: it's 13 weeks and no rebate sent. I wrote them and they couldn't care less. Their reply: It's coming, soon???
Don't waste your money this should be taken off the market
When the sandbag touched it, it turned over and could not lie there normally. It's much smaller than expected.
The green color looks black. Supposed to be a Packers blanket, and it looks like Steelers colors.
I bought the orange grey option. fall slides right through, way to small. yes it's inflated. … returning now.
Very cheaply made. Rod broke in half the first time I used it. Never been more disappointed in a product.
The item states 2 pairs and I received 1 pair. This is not true description
Love the band but after 5 weeks of wearing it the pin that connects to the Fitbit keeps coming out. I've almost lost it twice. Unhappy with the product.
Made terrible. Not useful. Falls apart.
So, I just received the Blast Softball device literally 10 minutes ago. I opened my Amazon box very excited. But to my dismay, my product box looks beat up and the stickers that seal it have already been opened. Trying to give this the benefit of the doubt, I went ahead and checked the contents. Everything seemed to be okay, but then when I checked the rubber part that holds the sensor on the bat, it was dirty!!! It has lint and what may be cat hair on it!!!!! WTH!!!! I believe I got someone's sloppy seconds. I didn't order a used product and I certainly wasn't charged a used price. Not a good way to start off Blast! And I was so excited for my daughter to get started with this product!! UPDATE: this item has TOTALLY been used before. Downloaded the app and tried registering the sensor and it is already registered to another account. I am so PISSED!!!!
Bad quality, i set them inside this spring, i have fixed the tires for few times( It broke and had holes). And I have to keep pumping Air every couple weeks...
The listing says these are 100% cotton but after receiving it's quite obvious they are not cotton but some cheap polyester blend. They do not work well enough to hold my hair for working out, kept sliding down continuously.
I had these sights professionally installed on my gun. Now my gun shoots about 4 inches low at 20 feet. Now whether that is the new sights or the installation I do not know for sure. All I know is I now have a gun that is basically useless.
It broke with in 15 uses
After just a few days the thing changes the time on it's own and won't show steps anymore. The app that goes with it sucks. Don't waste your money.
Received the complete wrong color and it wouldn't last me return it
I am terribly disappointed at the lack of any care put into the manufacture of these paddles. The wood is already splintering and I want to say the tape looks like a kindergartner applied it, but that would be insulting to kindergartners. I thought Franklin was supposed to be a good brand?
Had to send these back, even though I ordered the right size, they kept sending me the wrong size. Then my neighbor received the package I sent back to Amazon with my socks in it instead of his order.
The product never arrived. After two months of waiting, I contacted Amazon and got a refund.
These guys sent the jersey to California. I live in New Mexico. I sent them an email about the situation and they said they would refund my money by putting $10.00 back to my card. I emailed them a screenshot of the Jersey and actual price. No reply.
I bought this in March 2018. Looked down 5 weeks later and it was already breaking at the connection point. Leather just started splitting. I could have lost my Apple Watch. Very disappointed.
It was implied it was 2 not one
Totally disappointed! Sticker wouldn't separate from plastic. I reside in LA so it's beautiful everyday, this sticker is made incorrectly. Don't waste your money.
Pros: the pair does look good. But that is about it. Cons: I could barely see thing 3 or 4 feet away after just 2 laps due to fogging. It is so false advertisement about anti-fog. Returning!
We have had the trampoline setup for 3 days and our 7 and 8 year old have been enjoying bouncing. I have been questioning why the bar and legs it is attached to seem loose. Today on further investigation I found that one of the legs was no longer attached. I was able to disassemble the bar and get the legs tight again only to have one fall off as soon as I tightened the bar back on. We now can no longer get the leg to stay on at all. I reread through reviews and noticed a trend that if kids were using the trampoline (and I am guessing hanging on the bar) the legs tend to fall off. We are now researching a better model.
I was so excited for this bag until it came with black stains all over it
I really loved this little shotgun until i dropped it once. Completely shattered the plastic holding the barrels together. Absolute junk, waste of money. The shotgun looks tough but isnt.
Flagpole is junk. It's going back. It does not telescope properly, collapses at random, the clips for the flag do not stay in place. In short nothing about this pole except for the base works the way it is advertised.
They break really easy . Just in a simple game I have to use 3 just because they keep breaking
2 days into wearing it and the color started coming off around the edges. A week into wearing it and the whole thing is losing color. I got the pink one and it's turning blue.
I don't know what happened to these balls, but they are horrible now. The leather was getting ripped up after only one game. Stay Away
Ordered an XL and couldn't even get my hand into the glove. A waste of money
It was cracked when i received it.
Not a safe product whatsoever. Wish I didn't buy
I order the set and only 4 of the red bags came. I returned the order by the date that was set from Amazon and was told that the return was late and was charged again for the replacement. I have now paid twice for this product and have not have any bags currently.
Went to use this for the first time, plugged it in and doesn't work. :(
Broke within 2 weeks cheaply made look else where
Extremely uncomfortable for a bald guy. The wires are very wire-feeling. Not much loosening while getting hit with waves in the ocean for over an hour, but they kind of hurt if you want to keep your glasses securely attached to your face and you don't have hair.
One of the reasons I bought this was because it was a “Amazon Choice” I'll never make that mistake again. Shame on you Amazon for recommending a piece of junk. Basically you get a bucket with a hole cut in the bottom of it with what I'm guessing is suppose to be a spreader but I'm not sure because I never could get it to work. You have to drill your own holes to attempt to mount the spreader. You have to have tinny hands and fingers to get them in place. Something that I surly don't have. It's poorly designed, poorly manufactured and just doesn't work.
Absolutely junk. Screw holes don't match, so you take an hour to try and adjust it, to have it fail.
This is cheap. Doesn't come with the frame and I thought it was all the colors... nope just one. I'll be surprised if it last a week.
Updated: Threads were came out even though it is just the first day I put them on (& stayed in-doors at home during the whole day)!!! Poor quality!! First image: Do feel the compression. Let's see if it does work for relaxation.
Rhinestone part fell off of ribbon after one wear.
Product was not what was advertised, the black/pink one I order is supposed to have a grey fuzzy type fabric on the inside and instead it has a the black non fuzzy inside that is shown in one of the other jackets. Super disappointed with this fact as the reason I bought it was bc it had a warmer type of insulation.
I purchased this for a family vacation so it would be easier for my mom to shuffle cards (she has arthritis). It didn't even last through our first night of cards. I would not purchase again.
This product is a joke. Someone sewed two pieces of the soft strip of the velcro on the ends instead of a scratchy strip, hence it won't attach so the headband can be worn. Going back & not reordering. Someone was sleeping on the job because quality control sucks!
The sleep tracker has yet to work for me.
Ordered this Prime product on Sun. Sept. 23 with a delivery date of Tues. Sept. 25. Got an updated email saying it would be a little late and to expect delivery by Thurs. the 27th. No order arrived on Thurs. so I emailed the company to see if they could help and they said, "NO...It's an Amazon product...contact their customer service." Amazon couldn't fill a replacement order by Friday night and I needed this bag for a Stadium event on Sat. the 29th. Absolutely no help from either party...package is still lost in the mail. Hopefully, I will get the refund I requested.
i used it for four days and it worked as promised. On the fith day i went swimming and at some point later on the fith day the controller popped out of the wrist band and is lost. I did not do any thing different on the fith day other than swim. Very poor design. I am now out 50 bucks. .
I had bionic gloves that fit great and lasted quite a few rounds. I bought those gloves for two seasons, until discontinued for this year. This glove seams to have the same good fit, but not for long, it split at the seam of the palm on the first tee shot. Not good. I bought two pair - will see how the second holds up. I will pick up a another glove - no faith in this one.
Didnt work with my phone and they would answer so i could get a refund
avoid this shit as much as you can
It tore the first time I used it. Before I even got to where I was going. It wasn't full and I dont remember it snagging on something. I looked down and along the corner it was torn.
I did not receive the hardware to put the bench together... you gave 17.00 … I cant find the correct nuts or bolts to put the bench together... I did find them on the net my self... what a hell of a headache.... but thanks for your help
Does not work with the Sig P365 + Streamlight TLR-6 light. Extremely tight even after letting it sit to stretch and reholstering many times. Can't unholster with one hand and it doesn't stay in my pocket or waistband no matter how tight everything is. My front sight also tore the inner liner. I wasn't expecting much but this holster is truly awful, at least for my setup.
Amazon recommend the wrong sim for the watch I bought
Never received item.
I'm extremely disappointed, no instructions there's no video that was promised for that price they could give me a little more information excuse me a lot more information
It broke at the 3th use, not worth it
I bought this for my grandson. It was not anything as I expected. Flimsy, yet stiff. This would not lay right. I tried to return it just a few days after receiving it, and guess what? It is not elegible for return! How convenient for the seller at Hunting Stuff! This is disappointing.
These people hacked my account to leave a false positive review hoping I wouldn't notice. Very dishonest.
It didn't come as pictured or described. If it was the actual one as pictured it would have been really great. I was so looking forward to it, but when it arrived I was very disappointed.
the bag arrived empty
These lasted about 2 weeks. They stopped working when I was walking in the rain and raindrops fell on them.
The product was not delivered at all.
Well, this wasn't what we thought it would be. It was OK but not really what we wanted.
Chose these because they said size 0-3 yrs old. They are too big for my 2.5 year old. I returned them.
The product itself was fine, but the yellow envelope that contained the product had been torn, then taped back together. The package was then left at the end of our driveway on the ground. Thankfully my husband saw it before it was stolen. Please find another carrier.
Total crap!!!! Wore one time and the bottom of the shoe Is already coming apart!!! Way to expensive to be a cheap quality product!!! Do not buy !!!!
a couple of days after i got my order it started ripping in the back of the chair
Great color, but it doesn't fit my 38mm series 1 properly on one side. It would be a 5-Star product if both sides stayed on properly. Disappointment otherwise.
I only used the fitness tracker for a day. You have to use the phone app to do anything with the tracker. The instruction manual and app notifications are in broken English and rarely makes sense. The advertising made it sound like there is a built in camera...not even close. The app on the phone has the photo option you shake your tracker to make the phone take a picture. Beyond disappointed.
Not for an 8 x 4 table and not Oxford cloth. This would better fit a 9' table. At best it is a extra thick disposal table cloth. It is plastic.
the incorrect size was sent for my bottle and now I cant return it.
I have only worn this for about 3 months tops and it already broke.
It is very very heavy. I have had a few full size poker sets, but this ones seems to be more than double the weight of any standard ones. Very inconvenient to carry, travel with, even remaining at home. The chips are heavy but not smooth. No glaze or shine to them. For the price, totally NOT worth it.
The case that came with the cuffs was not as pictured. It was an oversized faux (phony) leather case that the cuffs rattled around in. The cuffs themselves are a bit small for the average stuffed-turkey American wrist. Also, my usual Peerless handcuff key didn't work with these. I would recommend spending more money for a better quality product.
they don't fit out clubs... :(
The buckles may be wonderful, but the bolts that come with it suck. Stainless on stainless, gall up within 4 turns. Just how I wanted to spend my evening, with the cutoff wheel....
This watch is junk. It worked for about a week and half and then died. reach out to seller via email 3 days ago and have not gotten response back. Do not buy the crap of watch.
I ordered the Under Armour Men's Armour Fleece 1/2 Zip in Black size Large, what I received was a bright blue top made by Mountain Hardware. Disappointed as this was intended as a Xmas gift.
I was really excited to try this but with my mare. When I opened the package it was very easy to tell the bit had been used and a sharpie was used to color in spots where the sweet iron had Ben rubbed away and where teethe had left scuff marks. It also looks like someone used clear nail polish to make the copper look shiny. The bit is also not the same as the one in the picture
While installing, the strap broke on one. This made it unusable.
This broke after the second used. Piece of junk.
Very difficult to take apart and put back together when use is needed, takes too long and has sharp edges. Bends easily, and feels unsturdy
Don't buy this if u want a secure laser sight on your gun. I tried to tighten it to ensure it wouldn't fall off and the threads from the hole stripped immediately. 0/10
Item was never received and when trying to contact the seller there was no response.
The strap broke immediately, causing my jug to hit the ground. When it did, the bottom of the bottle completely broke off.
Got this for my 7 year old son's birthday. Size is perfect. However, after about a month it starting going flat between uses. Now it won't even hold air long enough to play for 30 mins. Seems like its just poor quality.
I need to return it .zipper broke who can I return it to?
I ordered this and I never received it and I can't get ahold of anyone to help me it says it was delivered with ups so I contacted ups and they say there is nothing they can do so now I'm out $45.00 because I bought 2 one for me and one for my daughter! Will not be ordering anymore! 🤬
This band broke when I took it off after wearing it for one day. Very disappointing because it looks great!
Product shipped was score books, not line up cards.
just received and opened the pro source exercise puzzle mat 3/4 inch - I ordered 2 sets of these mat squares. I was surprised to find one set (6 squares) had a wooden branch pierced through it - through all 6 squares! What's really strange is that the box it was shipped in was not pierced. I ordered a 2nd set and while none were pierced through, one square was dented at the same spot as others (in the other wrapped set)- maybe this happened in the warehouse??? I hope that the seller sees this comment and reaches out. As there is not an option to contact seller in the amazon order history.
Nice hat however it was shipped loosely in a box with 4 chapter books so the brim of the hat is lip sided.. I ordered a new hat because mine was bent!
I never received the item and also I sent to you several messages and you never responded to them. It's the first time I'm having a problem with my purchases with Amazon.
It didn't work at all and I want my money back.
No way to put the clips on the other end as a loop is sewn on the end. Dumb design. Sending them back.
The head on the putter came off after just using a few times. Not sure if we can just get the putter replaced?
This product is not what it states in discription. It's a cheap teal paint job with white spots on it.
could not get any info from the seller
No where in the description does it say it has anything green on it; none. But when it came, it looks like this ....not good. If you run out of the black& white one, why not just say it?
Rod tip damaged during shipment. Will be returning.
I've had this umbrella for less than a month and one of the interior plastic straps has already broken off. There is a total of 9 and if they continue to break the umbrella will not be functional. The strap is made out of a cheap plastic that hooks around the part of the umbrella that moves up and down.
Probably used it 20 times over 8 months. Today it shorted out and stopped working. Out of warranty and manufacturer won't even answer phone.
Very disappointed... They are so small can hardly make them out. Smaller than legos. Keeping only because of Christmas
Package was cut and product leaked out. Lost 25% of product due to miss packaging.
It started out great. Locked up well and stayed put. The dot was sharper than you'd expect for this price point. However, after a few hundred rounds, the dot has gotten a lot blurrier and is now very distorted. Now it looks like there are two or three dots pushed together. Not very good to shoot with anymore.
Arrived as a Stern light-wtf dude??
Worked for 4 months and then completely stopped working without any abuse at all. Total waste of money. I'll never buy this brand again, nor will I ever buy one from amazon again... especially now that I can't return it. I'll be buying another one, but this time I'll be going somewhere local where I can actually return something for more than 30 days...
Ordered Hat and they sent a visor.
Very cheap material. Horrible shape. It was very long and narrow. The sleeve material felt horrible and looked horrible. Not worth the price.
Not impressed. Will be returning it. Cannot believe i wasted my money on this
Unit only responds to button pushes sporadically - at times does not respond at all. Quality - not as expected.
THIS IS A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY 100% SHIT PRODUCT MY GLOCK 23 DOESNT FIT AT ALL ITS A PIECE OF SHIT....
The hoop didn't come with the top bracket required for installation and seller has not provided a solution to remedy the problem. I would probably buy from somewhere else or buy another product. Unfortunately, it was a gift and I am outside the return window.
We've only used the parachute twice for 2 - 15 minute indoor recesses. It already has a hole. 😭
Scratchy and not the right color. Bad product, I'd skip this one even though it's cheap.
Mad never received my item an I was home the time it say it was delivered an handed to a resident which was clearly not me drivers need to be more knowledgeable when picking package off extremely pissed Amazon customer..
Husband didnt like the fit
It was a little shakey but useable for the first month, then it broke. Be careful if you decide to buy this. I weigh 195lbs and hurt my pec pretty good when it broke.
I got these gloves expecting a warm pair of gloves for cycling. What I got two weeks later is the seams coming apart, and my fingers freezing over under any wind and below 32 outside.
First and foremost, the cushion is much darker and almost an entirely different shade than was pictured for the color I selected.. It doesn't match my decor. Secondly, they tell you that the pillow is uncomfortable and to give it time to break in, but how much time? This this isn't comfortable with daily, sometimes twice daily meditation, over the course of almost 3 weeks. It is so firm, that my legs begin falling asleep after just a few mins of meditation. I thought my form was wrong, but upon further research, no, I was fine. If Amazon wouldn't charge me to return, I definitely would because in my opinion was not worth $30 to be the most uncomfortable (AND THE WRONG SHADE).
Loved it until it turned my wrist green! It was comfortable and fashionable! But now it's going in the trash!!!!!
Super cheap, the silver buckle was already rusted. Ran small
After days, the screw in the middle kept flying off!! My kids were very sad that this didn't work well. They would spin the wheel maybe 6 times per day and they spun it gently too. I would have to put the screw back on EVERYTIME my kids spun the wheel. I even made sure the screw was on tightly each time. Well, the last time we spun it on day 4, the screw flew off somewhere and we can't find it anymore. This expensive $44 wheel (with tax) is now useless to us, after 4 days of use! Maybe I should have gotten the 18” size for better sturdiness? Or bought from a different company? I really wanted for this to work. The wheel was part of a reward system I set up for my kids to earn prizes when they did chores or something good.
Received an empty envelope, nothing inside, therefore I cannot return the item for a refund or exchange, can you please help.
the male female ends are not the same will not work on the fanny pack .
Do not buy from this seller. My unit was sold as new and arrived USED with RUST, MUD, and GRASS. SCAM.
I bought the medium size and returned to get the small size as an exchange. Paid the shipping but I never got the new item back
I wanted to like this item but the second the tiniest bit of sweat got on it, it became very slippery and I kept falling down. I couldn't finish the rest of my yoga class. Very disappointing.
Very easy to use. Loads both my single stack and double stack magazines. But this item keeps locking closed while trying to use it to load. Only have had it about 6 weeks.
I bought this for my son who is the quarterback and after only two uses a broke in half! Not a great product for your loved ones who you're trying to keep safe!
would have been great to use.. but when I recieved the package the valve was missing on the spray can.. disappointed because wanted to try it out hunting the next day.. sort of on a time frame and I cant wait for another one to be sent (replaced).
Followed instructions exactly, and nothing happened. Product did not work.
installed and two days later solenoid stuck open.
Did not drop the humidity in the cabinet even 1%. I wish we had kept packaging to return.
In less than 2 month it quit working.
I can not get it registered so I can use it. No paperwork to find out how to work it. Need help if I want to keep it.
Stopped working,never worked that good,corrupts cards
Very disappointed. I was sent a black and red bag without spinners. Had to send it back and would be very weary ordering from this company again
Don't bother. I ordered the 10 pack of boxes. And what I got was seven boxes. 10 box lids. And three factory defect of boxes that can't be saved they are glued backwards and attached at the sides. I worked too hard for my money to spend it on inferior product, I would give negative stars if possible
The clubs might be great, but we will never know! We ordered the MEN's 16 piece Callaway set for our son for Christmas, but received the WOMEN's 11 piece set in error. We sent it back to get the correct MENS set, and within two days we received the replaced package. Only to open it and find the same WOMEN's 11 piece set AGAIN! We have sent it back again for a replacement ... hopefully the 3rd time is a charm!!
it slipped every time. Had to readjust every time I put my helmet on.
I bought this for exercise room to put on top of carpet, it is pretty thin and does slide around. I was hoping for something a little thicker, and something that didn't slide. Very disappointed.
This thing broke after 3rd use from where you plug it in wall. Also the cable is sooo short you literally have to pump right next to the wall.
This is one of the worst products I've gotten from Amazon to date. I haven't even had this four weeks and it already is worn beyond repair. It pops off my leg as the two straps no longer stick to the velcro. It slides down my leg and is unusable - I now need to buy another one. Don't purchase this if you're looking for long-term, reliable support.
Love ur products but this one is NOT good. This photo is 8 hours after class. I've had this mat about a month and the stains never completely disappear. I'm a woman and I do sweat but it's embarrassing to see the outline of my body at the end of class...to the point where people start staring at my mat and at me. Yuck. Please let me return for refund if possible.
This product arrived loosely packed with some plastic and bubble wrap - not in a box at all. It has significant marks, dents and scrapes to literally look like it was shipped from a gym after being used for several years. I have many photo's I can share. This is a used item for sure - not a new item. I feel ripped off.
Second one I received! I had to return the first because it busted and the second one wouldn't hold air!
NOT RELIABLE. DOES NOT TAKE PRESSURE ACCURATELY.
Originally I loved this replacement band because of the color. However, with less than a year of use the color has completely changed/faded, which you can see in the pictures. I was out of the country and unable to return it before the return date, but I'm not happy that I now need to order another one.
The product is coming apart after 2nd use, a little disappointed .
Felt came off of bottom of hitters during first use. Not enough surface area for felt to adhere. Would not recommend.
This case is trash!! Broke in less than a week!!
SAVE YOUR MONEY. Tape was to thick and was too short to fully cover grip area. Not enough Solution to finish job and the razor tool was dull. Had to Buy same product from another company
After a week of use I decided to change to another band. After two days I can there are fungal in the strap. I am doubtful about the quality of the product
I'm sure this is a good item, but given it was shipped WITHOUT A BATTERY, I cannot use it. Paid almost $200 in shipping fees to Hong Kong. No mention of the item not including a battery. First time bad experience with Amazon. Can a battery please be shipped to me ASAP otherwise I will need to return the item.
Was not accurate. Took a very long time on the app to get info. Going back to a Fitbit.
The pins would not stay in. If you pulled at all they would pop out. I would not take a chance to break new Ionic Fitbit for a cheap band. The company replaced them with no problem. They were good to work with and they understood. I then ordered fitbit replacement bands. They worked perfect.
It broke in the first day. It is not resistant.
I will say, everything from the backboard, to the rim, to the metal poles holding them, everything is very high quality and sturdy. Nice design, simple lowering mechanism. The base of the hoop (where the water/sand goes) couldn't be any CHEAPER. This plastic is so very cheap and fragile. I had bought 2, and 1 of them cracked once I put water in. The other one started leaking after putting water in. so immediately both hoops were unable to be used. I requested a replacement for the cracked one, and upon opening the replacement hoop. Would you believe that the replacement would ALSO be leaking. Yes, 3 hoops, all 3 were damaged once water was put it. Please do yourself a favor and expect the base to be damaged in a similar fashion if you do purchase this product. If you decide to use sand instead of water, that should suffice as sand cannot leak through small holes. But if you plan to use water for this product, I would look elsewhere for a basketball hoop.
Sadly as my husband set the game up.....a leg broke and he glued it. So we thought so what. The next day with moisture the board was lifting even tough the ad stated high quality wood. Not the case. HIGH-QUALITY WOOD: Heavy-duty, high quality wood made to withstand competitive use! TRANSPORTABLE: Easily transports in a convenient carrying case and assembles quickly for games at the beach, park, backyard or bring it to the big game! QUICK ASSEMBLY: From box to play in just 10 minutes! I would like to return...but we no longer have the box. I would like Amazon to make good on this product and give me a credit...toward a game they offer ….regardless of price
Despite USPS assertion that the package was delivered ("handed off"), the product WAS NOT DELIVERED NOR "HANDED OFF" to anyone. I WANT SOMEONE TO CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY. SHOULD I NOT HEAR IN A REASONABLE AMOUNT OF TIME, I WILL DISPUTE THE CHARGES ON MY CREDIT CARD AND NEVER (not "think twice about", but NEVER) ORDER ANY PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN. COMPLETE NONSENSE. ZERO . OVERALL . RATING . STARS
Didn't fit my stationary bike seat.
It arrived March 2, and now it's May 6 and they no longer work - actually as of about a week ago they no longer work - if you don't mind only getting a couple months Of wear - go ahead - otherwise , not worth it
Where did my product get sent? The FedEx tracker shows it was delivered last Wednesday, placed on my front porch to be exact at 1pm. I work second shift and don't leave for work till 2pm. I didn't see a fedex vehicle, and never found a package. Can someone please verify? Otherwise it was a waste of $50
Lousy picture directions for someone who had never put one together.!really watch it or you will crack a pole.
I bought this red dot for my sons ruger 10-22 it is 110% junk every shot I had to readjust it
I actually hit the 1click button on this, they wouldn't cancel it, I tried twice. I was charged $16 for this. I was refunded $3 and change.......
Broke the first time my husband use it. He's 176 pounds!
The price was great and they were comfortable enough but for gymnastics use, the durability was unfortunately terrible on the 2 pound (Blue) size. The first pair broke open within the first day of use. Amazon replaced them for free, but the second set broke open within a week, leaving a very large mess behind. Hopefully the manufacturer will work on durability if they read these reviews.
Could not get the plastic taste to go away. Brought this all the way to Italy and washed it out multiple times. Very strong plastic smell still and water is not drinkable.
After a couple of rounds from a BP the grip moved and broke
Piece of crap! Only used once and stored in the garage! Now the rub disintegrate! Crap from China!
Purse size is perfect. The logo is already coming off and I have only used it once. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP
What a waste of money. Difficult to insert and snapped while putting them in. Aggravating waste of time spent on this.
For some reason I received a packaged that appeared to have been used previously and/or not of the same new quality I received in a previous order. I'd like to return and receive a replacement of new Rings. Although the return policy says no returns.
I received my card but it has all blank front side.
Bottoms ate worn after 1 use
I was very excited to receive my order. When I did, I used them twice to work out in, the third time I wore them I wore them while doing house work and ending up sleeping in them for the night. I woke up to a seem coming apart at the top, like they just feel apart. I was very disappointed to say the least. They seem to work as they are supposed to just made poorly.
My Gi shrunk after the first time I wore it. This is not my first Gi, and I did everything right. I air dried it, washed it in cold water, but it still went from fitting just right to looking like I stole my nephews Gi. I reached out to the manufacturer for help on how to resolve this. Had no response....
Third one to fail in two years.
Did not come complete , did not have opposing piece to lock onto rail.
This universal enclosure was a disappointment. The U-Bolts did not fit properly. We had to go to Lowe's to find ones that would work. The foam around the poles tears easily. The pole caps break easily. The net doesn't even fit around the base of the trampoline. I was unable to get this assembled until my husband returned from a long trip. We just got around to putting it all together after two months. Now it doesn't even work and parts are breaking. A waste of money. For the money we spent, I could have bought a new trampoline from Sams Club or Costco.
This is fake. I have glock19 but it doesn't fit!
worked for 6 months now when i have a fish on it is super hard to crank
I really wanted this to work but when compared to other medical grade devices, the Pulse and the O2 readings were way off. It was so useless that I returned it
I returned! Purchased for my husband as a golf outfit! Color as described and short material worth price! Never opened the shirt so I cannot comment! BUT, the shorts were at least 3 sizes too small and he said the rise was SMALLER than he had ever seen! He is 79 years old!!
both pairs broke on side during first swim
When I got the laser, parts of the metal were chipped off. After about two days of using it the adjusting screws stripped. Do not buy this. It is not worth the money.
The front sight tool became stripped and unusable the second time I used it. Piece of thin flimsy junk.
I've had my replacement bands for 3 months and one side has already broken. I didn't hit my fit bit on anything and wasn't messing with the band. Pretty upset I have to buy another set of replacements so soon.
I just received the item and once you put 2 batteries inside you can't close the boresighter correctly. I don't know if that is a manufacturer flaw in the item I got, or that's the way the item is but i'm not happy.
They were to big for me
I ordered two different items and I have received this one but the other package has not arrived and this is day 21 since the order.
The straps do not stay tight and they leak.
We cannot get this to work, at all. The ice just stays in the compartment and will not budge, no matter how hard you push. I called customer service and they said to move the blades. I followed the youtube steps and still no luck. It won't shave the ice, at all. All summer with no shaved ice for the little league.
I have had this approximately 5 weeks. I have replaced the batteries with Duracell batteries 3 times. It shuts off before giving readings most of the time or it just doesn't register anything at all. I've tried it on multiple people under multiple circumstances and it's the same nearly each time.
Be careful ordering this. Mine never showed up. It's been a month and amazon finally gave my money back. But they couldn't care less that I didn't get it because “it's not fulfilled by amazon”. So basically I was just told I was SOL.
Not for treadmill belt!
This company seriously sent a worn pair of shoes and completely not what I ordered. Take a look at the order and the shoes they actually sent. Buyer beware. Don't buy anything from this company. Who sends a worn pair of shoes and thinks the buyer will not say anything, not to mention you sent the wrong shoes.
I received a package of 1... do not buy this item.
I received only two small balls. I ordered a full set of the balls at $68.00 and was disappointed to not receive what I ordered.
This review is for the seller not the product. Terrible! This is how the box came - definitely repackaged and there's a huge gash in the sports bra!!
The watch stopped working completely after just 4 weeks.
I received orange ping pong balls instead of the white ones that are advertised in every photo and packaging. I don't recommend them at all.
I have not been able to get mine to work. I've watched several YouTube videos but it doesn't work. It lights up, beeps but never actually works
I have not been disappointed in an amazon purchase like I have this one. My daughter wore these for less than an hour and they started to not stay on. After looking more closely they have begun to come apart. Buy the cheap plastic ones for $1.50 at the grocery store and save your money. We had to buy those because these ripped so you might as well skip these altogether.
So disappointing...not what I jad expected or as it is presented in description.
Came twice without the protective head. Wouldn't be surprised if they sent the same package twice. Just get the club glove bag boy, better anyway.
Nothing more to say other than it doesn't work for me.
I was so excited for this purchase, hoping it would solve my hair/workout issues (bangs out of my face) but I was very disappointed to find that the headbands do not stay on my head without slipping off during a half hour workout. I would return them if possible, unfortunately I opened all the headbands already so I doubt that's an option.
Never even got my product. No shipping updates. Poor customer service. Don't buy from seller.
This lighter is a wonderful concept but the execution is flawed. The lighter does not keep a charge. Do not recommend.
They sent the wrong item. Their excuse was they were out of the one I ordered, so rather than wait they sent whatever they wanted and they have been told this and no one wants to correct the issue.
It was very flimsy wit unfinished edges
FURIOUS!!!!!!!! THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY SON. IT DID NOT COME IN A BLANK BOX - IT CAME TO MY HOME IN THE ORIGINAL BOX, WITH A PICTURE OF ITS CONTENTS ON THE OUTSIDE, AND MY SON BROUGHT IT IN. SO MUCH FOR A SURPRISE CHRISTMAS GIFT. I HAVE NEVER - EVER - RECEIVED A PACKAGE THIS WAY. NEVER. THANKS FOR RUINING MY SON'S GIFT. FURIOUS!!!!!!!!
Doesn't fit Ruger PCC with optic as detailed. Even without optic the fit would be extremely tight. Will have to look at next size up. Quality construction so would be a great bag for equipment that fits
Not user friendly, bad display, poor quality
Leather is of decent quality, but the rivets on the hooks stick up too far, and are not flush. This means the hook will not go through the front sling eye on the rifle. I'm throwing this in the garbage, and buying a real Turner sling. You get what you pay for.
Did not receive product
I bought these because they seemed nice. They are nice looking and seem to be warm. Although the first time I pulled the zipper the first time it broke off in my hand. (FIRST TIME). Would not recommend purchasing these.
Cheaply made. Definitely not dishwasher safe. Skip this purchase. Spend a little more for better quality.
Came 2 sizes too small even though I ordered a size up.
Too small. I ordered for myself. I have large calves so I ordered LG/XL. I could not get them on my foot. Then I didn't like them because they looked so masculine. I was going to give to my husband. He has bony legs and he could not get them on. I had thrown away the wrapping. So a I will not be sending back. But head up don't buy.
Waste of money..bag broke in 2 visits to the beach..extremely fragile, cannot put anything heavier than bottle of water
Bought with hope it would help lure some bucks out of the thick woods and swamp areas to a less thick wooded area. No luck any of the times I used it, also used a bucket. Might work for some people, but I won't buy again.
I would give these 0 stars. Only two bands out of 12 fit my Versa, and that is with a lot of pushing and frustration. Another of the bands is missing the necessary pin so I couldn't even try it. They are a heavier material that isn't as soft or flexible as the original Fitbit band. Several of them are noticeably wider than the original Fitbit band I'm trying to replace so it's obvious they were never going to fit. I'm so disappointed to only have two out of this pack that will work. I will not buy from this company again.
Too thin. Won't stay up! Even on little arms.
First of all the packaging was terrible and it was the wrong flavor WTF and they weren't even full
Does not work, do not buy.
Shortly after I received this and put it together, I got an email that said the elastic bands were defective. They gave me options to correct the situation. I opted to replace the bands. However, they didn't give contact info and they haven't responded to my reply email.
Horrible quality. The velcro sticking part of gloves stopped sticking after a few months of use so you cannot tie them without them coming apart after like 5-6 seconds. I regret wasting money on these,l. Its too bad they fell apart after a few months because if this had happened within the first few weeks i could have requested my money back :/
Not a real rope for tree climbing or rigging more than 100 lb
Not a good fit. Did not align.
I only received 1 out of the 3 green balls that I ordered. I left a message right away and still have not heard back from someone. Please contact me asap. These were not cheap and I would like my money back or the missing 2 balls.
Who builds a sport bottle out of hard plastic?. If It is for sports it has to be kind of shock proof bottle. The same day I got it i dropped accidentally from the table and it broke almost like glass
Not worth the money two pieces of plastic and a cheap frisbee 2 plastic buckets would better cheaper and better quality.
I liked the look of the band, but ended up losing my Fitbit because the magnet on the band did not hold very well and ended up slipping off and losing Fitbit along with the band. I don't recommend this product at all.
I had really high hopes for this band. Maybe that's why I'm so disappointed in it. The one thing it has going for it is its appearance, and I don't think that's enough reason to deal with its shortcomings. The section with the stars pops out slightly and maybe there's a reason for that, but it ends up picking up additional gunk and is extremely difficult to clean, in part due to all the star cutouts. Even though it looks like it would have decent circulation, it trapped moisture and made my wrist sweat, adding to the gunk buildup problem. It caused the inside of my wrist to develop painful sores. My initial opinion of the band was soured as well, by the things that came in the package, like the sexist booklet shown in the photo. I assume they thought this was 'cute'. Sexism is even worse when believed to be innocuous and acceptable, as it contributes to a cycle of harm. Sexism is never innocuous or 'cute'; it is always dangerous. For the price of this band, you can do much better. The stars may make it unique (and I love almost everything with stars on it) but it doesn't make up for everything else.
Box came completely destroyed and missing one of the star caps and o ring
I used the ABS Pad every day for 11 consecutive days, precisely as instructed within the provided booklet/manual. On the 12th day, the entire right side of the ABS Pad was unresponsive. I switched the Controller. The entire right side of the ABS Pad remained unresponsive. I then changed the gel pads, precisely as instructed within the provided booklet/manual. The entire right side of the ABS Pad remained unresponsive.
Did not work on my Galaxy 6.
I originally placed order and received a used treadmill that was defective. I returned the treadmill and placed a new order only to receive another used treadmill that does not work.
Sent it back. Spend more $ and get a good one.
I purchased as a replacement. The new one is way to small to fit and is the same model as the one purchase several years ago. Also has very little stretch for comfort. I purchased 2 of these as I have two CPAP machines in two locations.The first one I did not attempt to install until after the return date passed.
The second time I tried to open it a metal spike poked thru the umbrella. It is beautiful but seams are unraveling around the edges and I JUST got it!
Did Not fit my 1994 EZGO Golf Cart
If I could put zero stars I would. Received the feeder, opened it, and it's missing the digital feeder. So instead of setting up my feeder, we have a bucket on legs that is worthless. Didn't expect an amazing feeder for the price but would at least like all the pieces I paid for.
I love the look the handle is not comfortable it's cheap metal In the liner lock stops working
Tip broke after 2 uses
Terrible, too thin and they break.
Made from cheap material poorly constructed
Caused water to get into case multiple times even after zipping each zipper well. Destroyed my iPhone. Would never wish anyone to have what happened to me to anyone else. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM
altho they are nice only 2 out the four would go over a wood. the other two I could not even get over my Hybrid. also after using for just 2 weeks one has a hole in it..the hole is not anywhere that could possibly be stressed....would not buy again..
Rod came damaged and late. I also purchased the Kodiak 5000 as well as couple spools of braided line. Overall, I'm disappointed the damaged rod was inserted into a non damaged box. Maybe because it was deal of the day ? Who knows, I would like a NEW M/H Spinning rod to pair with everything else I purchased. Not a return. Which is also anything con to returning items. Thanks...
Plastic on the bottom near the wheel cracked after only one trip on the plane. Unusable now! So disappointed.
I bought this because the description said it was "eco-friendly" yet it reeks of a strong chemical odor. I cannot understand why a company who poses itself as doing something good for the world not only wraps everything they make in plastic, but then puts a product out there that is misleading to consumers. RETURNED and not buying from Gaia again.
It did not look like the photo. I could not style it so that it would look the same.
The bags broke as soon as they started being used. The bolts are not tight on the legs. For the price I was totally disappointed.
The pouch was cute but don't put your phone in it at the pool. THe next day my phone got so hot I thought it would catch fire.
Looked cheap and I was to embarrassed to install in my car
I can't view the screen outside unless I go in a shade now it won't charge. I tried multiple chargers nothing. Disappointed waiting for refund
This package was delivered to the wrong house again. I'm not home to go across the street and I'm sure I will be screwed and not get this package
I bought this punching bag for my grandson for Xmas and it broke almost immediately. not strong enough for kids to punch
Bought for intended use. Not worth the purchase. Bells were falling off left and right before casting even. Very unhappy with my purchase.
These gave my horse more sores.
DOESNT WORK! I have a horse who has relatively moderate thrush. And his feet actually got worse with this stuff. Save your money and time and buy thrush buster
I had it for less than 2 hours before it broke. Not a very forgiving water bottle.
WHen I checked with the intended recipient - they said that they never received the package.... therefore no stars.
I ordered this item last March 27, 2019. Until now I haven't received my package. So I wouldn't really know how to review the product. I never right bad reviews but I just want everyone to be aware of this seller, probably a scam or I don't know. I'm just sad that I haven't received the package. So beware everyone.
Garbage....way to long and unable to trim it down, holds your eye so far from scope you are unable to see thru it correctly
Liked that it was good for developing skills. I disliked that the two interior springs snapped and only used a month.The bottom part of the springs are only crimped,not welded. The top was welded. I am forced to order that part.
Bought this for my husband and he used it two days and insides are coming apart already.
Never worked promise a new item never got it after a month later contacted them again o were sorry you'll get a replacement within 20 days we'll over a month so my kids stocking stuffer isn't here three fn months is bs amazon should punish this company plane simple liars period your on your own purchasing from these people
Don't waste your money. Cheaply made. Good storage and great for travel, but that is literally it.
Installed the replacement band. Within the first week of wear, the band has split into 2 pieces and is continuing to degrade. Provided feedback to the customer service contact and have received zero response to date (5 days). Not a good product.
The spring work's ,it doesn't lower the trigger weight.
Received in damaged box, though outer package was perfect, so it happened before shipment. Flashlight worked but stun/taser did not at all. Very disappointing. Not worth the return cost.
poor example of past crossman products i have owned
One of the plates came broken and the bar was bent over, the product also look like it was used it had a piece of gum in one of the plates, I requested a refund twice and never heard back from the seller, please don't buy from this seller, is by far the worst thing I have ever bought!
This is some BS. I seriously expected better from Barnett. Seems like I was sent a previously opened item or the box was missing a couple of pieces that should have been included in my package. The bolt that holds the front to the stock was missing the wash. I didn't even know it was supposed to come with one until I went on YouTube to find out why it was not bolting in place properly after I followed assembly instructions to the letter. It also had a list of items in the box that were supposed to be included in my package, all the items were checked off like it was inspected, including a 'sling' which was also not in the box, even though it was checked off, it did not come with one. I bought this as a first crossbow gift to my sister and purchased everything, the crossbow target block, extra lube wax, extra arrows and the Barnett crossbow case that came recommended to fit this model (which it did not and I am also returning, but this is a different issue all together). I contacted the seller and I got an email back saying their customer service is closed until Sunday because of Jewish Shabbat. So what am I supposed to give her as a gift now? The extra items I purchased to go with her crossbow, without the actual crossbow?! 'Happy birthday sister, I got you a crossbow, but it was missing items and I had to send it back, so here is the accessories to it.' Yeah, that's going to go over well. I don't often write bad reviews, but had I not checked it thoroughly and put it together myself (or at least tried to), I would have given her an item that could have seriously injured her because it was not bolted down properly from lack of missing items. I'm seriously pissed.
Item runs smaller then says! If u wear a large better up few sizes plus the smell from material is horrible! Having to return!
These glasses are cheap junk. The Lenses keep falling out.
Originally, purchased this protective silicone watch protector for my Fenix 5X plus. Lasted 4 months before ripping. Amazon only accepted 1 month return. Product advertised with 1 year warranty. Could not find seller contact to receive refund or warranty.
I really wanted this to work. First it did not come with instructions! Think we finally figured it out but never did do anything when we got a fish bite. Just disappointed so returned item.
Blade doesn't lock. Light is not working.
I really wanted to like these..... but they are not comfortable and seem to have been sewn weird. The legs twist around and I am always having to untwist them. They will be going to good will.
It just randomly stopped working and got really hot out of nowhere
Don't waste your money on this!! Very cheap and can't open the cover to replace the sponge!!! If I could give it a zero star I would!!
I ordered on Feb 12th and my gloves never arrived. The arrival date changed 3 times. Thank god for Amazon's A-Z policy. They sent me a refund on Amazon via giftcard.
Very weak adhesiveness. It does not stick well onto the skin.
came without flash light holder, very hard to use
I purchased this for my niece, but the pink unicorn is completely deformed. The face and body is all smashed up. Disappointed because this was part of my niece's Christmas gift.
Only good if u have alot of room and to sight in your rifle will not work in a stand very flimsy
I am so disappointed and upset about this fishing rod. This ring is supposed to be on the rod but the glue or whatever came off and now it just loose.
It gives you splinters plus it is based to assemble it falls apart when you barely touch it
Not well made. These fall apart of break after shooting
Arrived not working. I charged it fully, never worked. Returned
Had to return. Socks were smaller then label attached. Who ever put the second label on it didn't pay attention.
So disappointed. The inside of the panty liner has a sticky residue on it and this suit has been clearly worn before... the buttom back part has pulled fabric where someone clearly sat down in the pool and pulled at the fabric.
Horrible pans for sticking. I have not been happy with these pans for the money I paid. Only thing I can say good is they are stackable. I love the handle that can be interchangeable.
Do not order this product. I bought 2. They both leaked within 2 uses. They were both securely tightened when they leaked.
Doesn't keep anything cold after a number of weeks. I wanted to really like this. I kept reordering hoping the next one would be fine, which it wasn't. Totally done with this brand.
I was so disappointed (and embarrassed) when my grandson opened this birthday gift. I had previously purchased the regular size which is reasonably sturdy. The Junior size is made with flimsy material. if I had taken it out of the box and inspected it before I gave it to him, I would have returned it The size is good and my grandson loves it, but I doubt it will last very long.
I purchased this item as a gift. After 1 wash it was already falling apart. The lettering had started to crack. The lettering and imaging on the front was fading and cracking with just one wash. After the 2nd wash the whole decal was faded and the red had bled over into the white areas. Went from looking brand new to like it was years old. Very unhappy with how the shirt looks now, especially for the price that I had paid. It's definitely not a nfl team product like the tag. The shirt fit as expected, the seam at the bottom is coming unraveled as well. Highly disappointed in this product!
It took a long time to arrive, and then broke shortly after Amazon's window for returns. I liked it when it worked, but it began acting a bit odd when I turned it on (I should have returned it then), and one day just did not turn on at all. I checked the outlet to make sure it was a working outlet to rule out that being the issue.
They leak after a few uses
I ordered a 3 pack of beanies for a pony tail. 1 of the 3 hats is made incorrectly and the hole does not stretch to pull hair through.
How do I return these. I get no response from Amazon, except denial of review.
Never got it.No stars .it's a waste
Was really looking forward to this bench. However it arrived with numerous holes in the box, all taped up, and missing pieces required to assemble
This was filled with water, and it fell off of a chair, and the cap and part of the bottle broke off, this was after 2 days of use
Was sent wrong cards. Got cards that have clip board...
I thought this had good reviews but I was wrong! It took paint off door frame and it was impossible to get even and lock into place each time I had to take it down and put up so frustrating!
have not received them
The watch came as depicted in original picture on amazon. This watch doesn't accurately count your steps. It showed that I had over 400 steps and that was while I was sitting on the couch. It tracks your wrist movement not your steps. On top of that, I only bought this watch to track how I sleep at night and that function doesn't even work. I'm very disappointed with this product. DO NOT PURCHASE if you expect for any of the functions to work properly.
Broke after one use. Whenever you hit it, the light would go out. Not worth your money.
This stopped charging after only 3 months of use. I was so excited to have it and track my steps for our Disneyland trip but it wouldn't charge the day we got there. So disappointed!
These socks were about 5 inches too short.
Doesn't connect to Google Fit as advertised.
Installed and worked for one day. Froze up. Waiting to see if seller will refund money. Trash
This thing is so far out of spec it's unbelievable they try to pass it off as an RMR fixture. It's completely worthless.
The little latch bars on one side broke and fell out the second time I tried to use this band. I was disappointed because the band was comfortable and I liked the look. I would not recommend for someone who changes bands frequently but it might work okay for someone who leaves the same band on all the time. Straight out of the package, the latches did not appear as durable or substantial as the ones on my leather bands, but I expected to be able to wear it more than once.
don't waste your money. The clamp is so cheaply made that it is essentially unusable.
I got this safe for my fiancé for Christmas last year and it worked great.... for about 2 months. After that is started acting up. It doesn't open! He will type in his passcode over and over and over and the damn thing won't open. After maybe 7 tries it finally works. Now- a year later we have to use the key every time. The combination doesn't work AT ALL. Very disappointed with this product.
I put it on and then took it off. Never used it
Did not get the sticker, I received tooth brushes. Very upset if I could give zero stars I would
I have still not received this item and have emailed the seller multiple times with no resolution
Seriously: I couldn't get these over my ANKLES! Returned for full refund.
I tried all the various nose bridges and adjustment, but the goggles continue to leak. I cannot swim a lap without having to empty them. Reviews sounded good, but I'm very disappointed.
This place is a joke.
Very cheaply made . They sent wrong size pad and have tried to contact them ... No response
Cuts off your circulation in order to have any kind of affect on posture. Not healthy and definitely not comfortable.
I hate this thing! Nothing comes out of it, no matter what I try, it just trickles out. Ridiculous.
Runs very very small
Item sent did not match description. Did not have double top. Returned the item
Never received item and no contact from seller! Incompetent or just a thief.
Was a piece of junk. Wasted my 30 dollars!
My product never came in. Not sure who's fault it was.
I ordered the leopard patterned band for my fitbit Versa. It does not fit. It is too wide. I actually broke the tip of the pin while trying to attache. I held it up to a band that does fit and the band I received is slightly wider.
Falls down no matter what you do
The padded is really good but the garter needs to fixed its Chokes my legs and end up cramping and I need to cut the garter on both side and I felt better after end up finish the 107 miles race 😜
Actually I am very disappointed with the quality of the blanket. It looks nice , but once you open it up, it's paper thin and fragile due to the very loose weaving. I've included a picture of the hole it arrived with and also I noticed the very loose threads around the circumference. I have no confidence this blanket will survive a year. Plan to return.
I literally used this for one backpacking trip. It leaks whenever tilted, which means the seal is not tight, which means heat will move in quicker. The mouth is all rusted from use of only water. My Hydroflasks of over 2 years easily outperforms this and has way better quality. I will never take a chance with a Chinese knockoff again. Save your time and money and go with a reputable brand (Yeti, RTIC, Hydroflask).
it doesn't work as described
Warped lenses create a blurry, wavy effect. It's like trying to wear prescription eyewear belonging to someone else. Having said that if you could see clearly through the lenses these would only be satisfactory if they were sold in the five dollar price range. Cheap, Cheap, Cheap!
How can you fuck this product up? Well they managed to. The threads are shit. If you have a piece unscrew, good luck getting it back on. :)
I like the tool and it looks great but you can't get the stupid ball marker out no matter what you do! I have tried every which way to get it out but is is locked in to place. I would not recommend this tool to anybody.
I dislike the fact I ordered 4 of these on July 29, 2019 and as of today, have received nothing. No contact to tell me it's on backorder, nothing. I send an email two weeks ago and still have gotten no response from them. Resent today. Very frustrated. I REALLY want to love this, but I can't if I never receive it!
Lasted 1 game. But I didn't expect much from something so cheap
The product didn't arrive, don't order it
It lasted a couple of weeks, the wires on the edge piped out, this is very dangerous as it could have injured eyes. I have returned the item.
very poor quality, I don't know if I can return this, it's a fake product...very disappointed
This product was great, until it wasn't. I bought it to carry my cellphone in while I walk my dog. The zipper blew out and I can't get it to zip properly. Totally useless now. Waste of money. :-(
Switches look good but that is where the quality stops. I wired all my lights with fuses before the switch so the supplied wiring was not used. When removing the supplied wiring I had 9 or the factory terminals pull out of the switch while pulling the wiring connector off the terminals. The terminals were able to push back into the switch and felt tight so I wired things up. Had everything working but on the first ride 1 switch failed. When looking for the problem with that switch 2 more failed. So right now only 3 of the 6 switches are usable. Not a good average.
The bow seems fine, a basic bow, but the arrows are not nocked correctly and the plastic 'feathers' are bent out of shape. In addition, the string has no serving, meaning the arrow does not attach to the string properly. I would not recommend.
Did not heat up at all
Water wouldn't even come out of it. It was definitely open but I squeezed the bottle and sucked on the spout and all I got was a dribble. I returned it and paid a little more for a CamelBak.
Leaks leaks leaks! Love that it's hard plastic and my daughter can not chew through it. Love how the straw is held with a seal. Detest the constant leaking!
Why I am only gave this product three stars !! The band is very nice and comfortable but the case to protect the actual is horrible !!! I have the black stainless steel watch and this band came with the black case protector. After two weeks of wearing this product the case start to shed the and discolor. At first I was very happy about the case protector but then the paint or whatever they use to coat the casing began to rub off leaving speck of black residual on my skin. I would recommend the band but would not recommend the case protector !!
It's a waste of money, weak and didn't help at all.
The students have not even used these yet and I have a bad feeling about them. The balls were not attached to the cones and I had to manually do that. Here's hoping they stay attached.
I was super happy with the one day shipping... bands feel like great quality but .... I ordered blue and they nailed me pink.
Haven't received product as of today.
Item came and LED was mot working. Ordering replacement batteries to see if that solves the issue. Seller did not check to make sure they are sending a working item. Leaving 1-star for the fact that seller should have verified if item was working if they were concerned about getting a good rating.
Um this thing fits weird. Like a kids. I have a normal head and it literally sits like up on my head. Would return but no packaging.
I waited too long to actually open this package, so now it's too late to return (my fault), but they sent the wrong parts. The upright bars (sides) are identical, and they need to be opposite in order to function. There is no way to put the lower shelf on the bars.
NEVER RECEIVED!!!!!!
Metal material used for the sights is VERY soft and sight bases had very sharp edges. Required significant fitting. Used a sight pusher for front and rear. Rear sight base became deformed from being pushed into slide dovetail. Had to remove rear sight and file/sand the base flat to allow installation. This is my second and LAST set of TruGlo sights. I installed TFX Pro sights on a CZ and experienced similar issues with soft metal and fitting but not nearly as bad. Save your money and spend a little more for much higher quality sights like Trijicon, Dawson or even Ameriglo. NOT RECOMMENDED based on my experience.
The first time I went to attach a snap, the tool broke in my hand, Threw the rest of the kit out, don't waste your money.
Less than 5 uses under normal summer conditions and the ball bearings froze due to heavy rusting. Even WD40 couldn't free them.
Hat was porous on top. I don't want sun. I would give it no stars if I could.
I has to return twice because they have continued sending a wrong item, different to picture they are advertising. I got standards decks, not bicycle rider back. Sent back twice
Its a piece of garbage. Very rickety, unstable, and makes horrible clanking noises.
Run very small. Don't fit.
After wearing a few days i tried to charge and it no longer charged. Also it didn't track calories correctly
Couldn't help my work boots, tried them for a few weeks now and haven't noticed any difference.
Fell off my wife's wrist on the carpet and broke the first time she put it on.
I received the package and there was only the pistol holster was found. According to the description, the "BONUS Mag Holster" should be included. The picture shows pistol holster, mag holster, and flashlight together. The description together with the picture is misleading the buyers. I am not happy with that.
Sand collects at the bottom of this bag and sticks to the surface.
The box arrived looking like it had been sat on for the last 10 years. The unopened packs were warped and worthless. On top of all that, there were only 46 packs in the box. Do not order this garbage.
It broke the first day of a 4 day hunting trip
This is a piece of junk. Do not buy it! The manufacturer left extra metal in the screw holes so it cannot be put together. Amazon now wants me to drag this junk across the bay to process a return, wasting additional time and money for me. A completely garbage experience, end-to-end.
Was not comfortable, not big enough. Bought one for myself and one for husband, mine barely fit his did not fit at all. I will be sending them back.
Hat was very shallow and small, not happy
Updated review. These thing fall apart after a month or so very cheaply made.
I have purchased 2 of these levers in the last year. They both have broke. I take care of my stuff, so they should last. Ha. Absolutely garbage. Will not purchase again. Want my money back.
If zero stars were an option that's what I would give this product. Broke after four casts by my four-year-old daughter. Pretty pathetic.
I could not use these because they would not stay in place on the belt. They slid out of place and shocked me one time. I finally had to throw them away. I will only buy the Flex Belt pads from now on.
I ordered a Philadelphia Eagles gnome for my best friend's birthday which is tomorrow. I ordered it with enough time but it arrived today and it was an Atlanta Falcons gnome. So, unfortunately, I don't have a gift to give her.
Product is not charging.
This product is an absolute joke. It took significant ingenuity just to assemble this. It was absolutely impossible to keep together. I would've spent more money to have a more solid product in the same design. The connections between the pipes were as cheap as possible, the instructions were useless, and the whole design simply didn't do what the product is supposed to do.
Removing your jacket is enough to make it fall off and you won't even feel it. High risk losing your fitbit with this band.
The Velcro that holds the pads rubs against my forehead. The adhesive that holds the Velcro is terrible
I don't live in USA, but I was visiting, so I ordered this and other items. The complete order never arrived, so I contacted with Amazon, and first they told me the case need to be investigated, I accepted. I returned to the country I live and I contacted them again, they agreed to make a refund, when I noticed they've done it wrong, they made it to another order. So I contacted them again, they told me they would solved it and that AGAIN the case has to be investigated. Today, I asked (for the fourth time) the respective refund and all they tell me is that they won't help because they can't resolve shipping problemas after delivery. This is a post against Amazon, is a shame that a recognized company like this couldn't give me quick and simple solution.
It did not come with an end cap.
Iten never showed up. After 3 weeks of waiting, i cancelled the order
Hmmmm. What am I going to do with this? Kinda hard to use when it didn't come with a shirt as described on the product description!
I received my band yesterday and the magnet fell out. I had to put some glue on it just to get by. Please resend me another band please.
Not what I wanted Unable to return as return drop off address is a large warehouse not a return center Need a human not a Robot
Can someone explain to me why the cap will NOT stay on? It worked ok for a bit then one day the cap will simply NOT stay on. It's like the cap is mismatched with the pen!
This hat was very thin. Not what i was expecting to receive. Not sure I would order again.
Not the right hook for Salmon for sure. Fish straightened it multiple times with ease. See photo. Sizing is off. They are larger than other vendors octopus hooks so be ready for that too. If you plan to use them for King or coho salmon then look for a different brand or buy the No. 6 quadruple strength if you could find them.
It looks great and would have been perfect except that it would not fit the glasses. returned and got refund
Rubberband does not last long at all. Replaced twice just to have it break again. This is with a child playing with it, imagine an adult.
I never got my patch... it was very disappointing
This is now the second one that arrived broken... sent the first one back broken and then they sent this one broken... poor packaging, maybe invest in a small box
Not right orange and cheap made
Way bigger than you expect. Plastic is cracked so I never got to use. Want to return it but I don't have an option too.
25$ for this??? One day after i got it, the straw to it doesnt work...its like im sucking in air instead of my water and the lid was leaking. Ridiculous. Waste of money.
Trash do not get this item it came and it did not even work
it doesnt shuffle to great. bad investment
They are decent fore arm guards but , the product you will receive is a completely different guard then the one in the picture. I don't know why they don't want to post the picture of what they will actually send you lol because it is an older model.
As another reviewer noted, I purchased a new disc from seller Tru Inertia but received a disc that had clearly been played with before, carrying numerous wear marks on the plastic. My wear is similar to the photos in his review so I'm not taking the time to document them here. Hopefully it plays well and becomes a new favorite putter anyway.
I wanted to like this item. The appearance was great. Mostly just wanted a simple step counter. This one added steps randomly. I met my daily step count while charging it and doing desk work! I would have given less than 1 star rating, but it wasn't an option. You get what you pay for! Sent it back immediately!
I ordered cadet medium. The product I received was labeled cadet medium. I have compared this glove to other cadet medium gloves and it was clearly not a cadet medium. The fingers are 3/4 inch too long. Since the size tag was a stick on label, I suspect they have one size and put a label on it to match the ordered size. Not finger length in photo. Old glove (Brand C) on top. I donated the glove to a local junior golf program.
I never received this item.
Very displeased. Opened up package and only 3 out of the 5 worked. So 2 of them aren't going to do me any good.
very cheep worthless
Good idea, poor quality. I have been using this handle for a little over a month (about 6 weeks) and yesterday it just broke on me right at the clip.
The item arrived heavily damaged by fed x, the seller offered to return it or a 15% refund and call the manufacturer for replacement parts. The item weighs well over 200 pounds so I reached out to the manufacturer CAP Barbell. They promised replacement parts. Got the replacement parts for someone else not even associated to my product. Reached out to CAP Barbell again, promised to investigate and getting absolutely no response from them any longer. This has been a 2 month journey with still no resolution. I spent $80 plus, got $12 back and a piece of garbage incomplete weight bench to show for it! My next step will be to dispute the charge and report to the BBB.
Don't like this brace. It has a huge seam right where your thumb connects to your hand. Very uncomfortable. That is exactly where I need it to be smooth and soft. Makes my nerve hurt when I first tried it on.
The sizing is not American. XL was like a medium.
I never received it!
Only was sai was delivered.
My husband liked them and the safety they would provide since he works on machinery and always had to remove his ring. Unfortunately the first time he wore it the center black part came off somewhere without his knowledge and he was left with just the red band with no center black piece. They are 2 separate pieces so im guessing the center broke because I don't see how the center could separate and just slide off his finger without him knowing. As far as im concerned I just threw away this money because he went back to his platinum ring. What a waste of money.
i cant hold the gps steady enough to get a true reading, i quess you get what you pay for, the quality is bot the same as to higher priced gps. they did not misrepresent the product, but i cant use it. my mistake ,so i felt i should keep it. ps bought a golf buddy and its fine
DO NOT BUY. Wobbly POS, horrible design and bad threading. Terrible.
Did not get all the parts that was needed. Had to send it back. And the box had hole all in it. Looked like someone bought and didn't like it was sent back and was sent to me.
These break every single time I tee off. Very disappointing. Will go through what's left of them and then find a different product to use in the future.
Too bad we can't give zero stars. We ordered these in February, 2018. It's now May 27th, and we still haven't received them. The seller does not respond to emails.
Broke the second time I used it. Snapped about 4 eyelets down from the tip and I was only snagged on some seaweed.
never. even. got. them.
I used this mat three times and on the third time it tore! It also slips and stretches which makes it very unsafe.
I dropped this once (on carpet) and the thing cracked on its side. TERRIBLE quality.
that is the whole point of a laser in the barrel??? if i rotate and look down the sights, it is to the left... then rotate again, it is low, then again, and it is almost center.... I am not going to guess where i want this thing to point, and i should just shove it in the chamber and call it a day... NOPE. I returned it and will look for something else.
The little spikes are too sharp....my dogs love it as a play toy!!
Did not hold up for even one month of play at our club. Fiberboard under attractive painting so did not withstand being left outside. Fell apart.
Never received product.
Ok so I ordered these booty band things and I'm over here tripping cuz they say they were delivered Friday but I never received them. Then I realized I did get a package on Friday but it was this shampoo that I did not order and was very confused as to why I found it in my mail box. Wth. No returns? How about give me the right product!!!
I received this product and was very disappointed. First off i open the box and it has two different color bands in it. Black and Grey. Secondly, the product wasn't even the right style of band. It was a push to secure style (which I currently own and don't care for). It was supposed to be a clasp style watch band. I submitted for a refund and now am weary about ordering a gain to press my luck! The product also showed obvious signs of previous wear!
This product is not for people over 5'6" tall
DO NOT BUY! First time using them they fogged up! They are also tinted so it makes it hard to see. Not worth a penny! DON'T BUY NOT WORTH IT
Looks bad, couldn't get it to look right
Looks great but only lasted 2 weeks before belt straps stiching came undone.
This product is too small. I got the largest size and even then it barely fits around my head. Now my head is large but nothing out if the ordinary. Another way it is small is the way it sits on my face mainly across my nose, it does not form around the nose. It is constantly rubbing and is uncomfortable.
magnetic not strong enough my daughter lost them on her side at the show in a walk trot
ripped at the seems and the zippers caught over the lip that was meant to keep water out of the main opening
Never received this item either
Does not work. Tried using multiple ways as described in other peoples reviews. Nothing has worked. Buyer beware.
Slider DID NOT slide at all. Just a cheap piece of plastic. Returned!
It's smaller than the actual picture and cheap looking I should get a credit or all my money back
Horrible bike! It came dented and bruised on plastic body. They sent the wrong bolts for the seat so it doesn't screw on securely to the seat post. I would recommend spending a bit more on a better quality bike.
I did not receive the clip on alarm.
Have had this boat cover for just over a year and have had nothing but problems. Note: the cover was installed and removed to use the boat only one time before reinstalling for the off-season. I have to constantly revisit the boat to readjust the cover because water pools after every rain storm. The pole used to tent the cover to keep pooling to a minimum is made of cheap plastic and broke within a week. It was gray when I bought it but after about 2 months, it faded to purple. Strap clips broke after first use and had to be rigged using bungy cords. I wish I could get my $$ back because it does a very poor job of protecting my boat and has caused nothing but headaches! I recommend staying away from this cover!
Awful quality—-FLAT! No filling to really speak of. Amazon should use a better selection process when choosing vendors they do business with!
I really thought theses socks were going to work because they had such amazing reviews. I have a 16 inch calf so I ordered the size L in hopes that these socks wouldn't be too tight at the top. But after a day at work they leave lines which makes my skin red, itchy, and irritated. I'm so disappointed. I emailed the company in hopes of trying out a larger size but no response :(
Although the listing shows a box of new balls, we received a package of loose used balls, one of which had been written on.
The strap broke the first time I used it
Disappointed! Game bag full of parts. Even if the game is glued together just looked less then described and too mush possibilities to fall apart. Worst part is it cost me almost $10.00 to return!!!!!!! Will never buy an like item with charge to return. Not worth it!!!
ordered large and it even didn't go through my legs, I usually wear US small
It Fell Apart too soon
This would t sync with my phone. For such an expensive device, it was s huge disappointment!
Do not waste your money...super flimsy! In fact I bought one that was "used: like new" the box was intact and bag was intact ... so I threw away the box but when we set it up one of the boards completely was smashed and broken ... plywood small and not sturdy... 0/5 all the way!
Fits ok, but the band at the lower edge was loose after the first wash, i will not buy it again
Opened up the box and found a chin strap, two boxes of unopened Thin Mints, a Slim Jim and trash, but NO FACEMASK!!!
Mounts crooked. Nothing you can do will make it flush and flat. Wish I could get my money back or one that actually works correctly. Not happy wish I could do 0 stars
Used lights on our boat and was only able to use once. The inside has filled with water after a couple of days rain and blew most of the lights.
really doesnt hold tent legs down, a waste of money a waste of money for what i bought is for to hold down tent legs....dosent work.
This is not a very durable product at all. I got this for my grandson and it already has a hole in it. Very disappointed!
These socks are very slim not what I expected I have other Marino wool socks that are a lot thicker. Not really what I needed.
Bottle leaked. Threads would not seal fully.
This did not fit onto my Charge 2.
I finally found the item I had misplaced and realized that they had send bands instead of this product.. Too late to return.
These are incredibly small and do not fit around my 15 year old son's lower leg without cutting off his circulation! these must be for small child. I ordered two. Sigh. I will go to local soccer store to see if can find bigger ones.s
8 days and the inside is cracking and flaking apart, bottoms are torn apart. Poor quality. i will return these....after only 8 DAYS!!
I ordered 2 of the chargers, and one was a gift for a friend. His was defective and didn't work. The return window had closed so it wasn't returnable. So I ended up giving mine to him.
My son-who is not picky-thinks these socks are scratchy and of poor quality. Not what I would expect from Nike--maybe they are a knock-off???
The dark brown became green (like a reflecting color, I don't know how to explain this reaction). Totally disappointed. And I can't return it...
I wanted to like this holster because it is made in the USA and CYA Supply CO. is veteran owned. Be warned, the screws holding the belt clip in place are metal and scratched the bluing on the slide of my brand new P365. Unfortunately I had to return. I hope CYA Supply corrects this by switching out the screws for a different material or placing a protective barrier over the screws to protect the gun.
Don't buy! Had it for 2 days and the back side tore away from the cloth side. Emailed Amazon and the company a week ago about my problem and never got a response back!
Came without size tag and was too big although I ordered small/medium. I have initiated a return.
I ordered socks and got burgundy napkins instead?!!! WTF! How!!!!! I want my money back please, i was looking forward to my pug socks!!! If I could I'd give this no stars!
Overall I would say that this watch is fairly accurate however the one reason I bought it was to offer myself reassurance that my blood oxygen rate is good as I have asthma unfortunately the blood oxygen rate is completely inaccurate it reads 98 or 99 even when I'm actually at 87. not very good for reassurance after all.
The size was way too small. I would like to exchange for 3X size but Don't know how. Please assist!
didnt receive package wasnt refunded!
I bought these in both men's and womens, for myself and my husband. Two totally different ankle types. I have thicker ankles, and he has quite thin, but muscular ankles. I have fat ankle he has typical skinny ankle. he hates these. says they are way too tight around his ankles as well. I have a pair of the ankle socks of the same style, and love them. We do not feel the same about this crew style. ankles/calfs are far too small.
One of the mallets and one of the wooden stakes broke the first time it was gently used. This is made in China garbage at its worst. There is nothing deluxe about this set.
I bought this for my 7yr. old son he thinks it's great. We did some practice casts in the house and the line broke and it wasn't fixable in my opinion it doesn't cast very far and with the line trouble it might not very good.
The colors are off and there is no option for returning this item.
I bought 1, & it had a bunch of loose stitching, as well as a couple sowing errors. Sent it back for an exchange as I really wanted to love this hat, but the 2nd one was worse. Poorly manufactured. Nothing against the seller as they where awesome & had a stressless exchange & eventually returned. I have 2 other Vortex hats that are flawless. Which leads me to believe it's just this specific model that has been manufactured terribly.
This shirt is terrible quality!
Product never arrived as reported.
Twice now this has arrived broken, returning again! This is ridiculous. Came wrapped in nothing but paper.
the picture is very misleading it looks bigger than they are I would not have ordered them had I knew they were this quality DONT waste your money there JUNK
I went cheap and I got cheap. Welds on handle hurt my hands when I work out. It chips horribly, bump it against another kettlebell it chips, put it down on the ground it chips. There is nothing right about this kettlebell the weight isnt even right. Dont buy this.
Have to return it and wouldn't even charge for me. Well I didn't pay that much but I go through these like popcorn
The darts work great, Good flight and holds up well to new shooters and abuse. Unfortunately the 60 extra tips were not included in package. Amazon did make it right.
It was not the best. If you are a heavier, wider hipped person then this not for you. The motor can barely support the weight of any member of my family, even the lightest at 100lbs.
I purchased this item back in August, and it broke within 5 months of use. It is only being used about 1x per week....last time I purchased this large wobble disc from a different seller it lasted three years...that seems like a fair amount of time for something like this to last. Of course there is no way to get hold of anyone for a replacement.
So I put the vest to work its completely false what they advertise it doesn't weigh more than 30 pounds with all the pouches filled on top of that pockets are to small to fill in the bags with I returned mine don't recommend it
I didn't receive my package .
Does not do a thing for tummy
Very nice looking. There is something wrong with the mechanics of the reel. It backlashes and doings and I can't get it to stop
The residue from the brim sticker was stuck to the hat. Nice hat, but had to return it because of the sticker.
The gloves are well designed but they don't last long , only 2 weeks and the sewing was torn ! I have been using Walmart gold gym and they last year! Do not buy
Quit working on first use. Refund processed.
Horrible it works only when it's plugging to charge
Very light weight and would need to be repositioned with every swing.
This item didn't work when I opened it. The sound was very low. Haven't been able to use it. Waste of my money
This is a medical item that should not be replace... I am disgusting it's delivered to me and it is open
I bought this bipod and it did not come with the adapter so I cannot attach it to anything. I sent a message to the company with no response. I basically have a paperweight since I cannot attach it to my rifle.
pad doesn't stay put. Moves around alot. Padding is horrible.
These are very spongy and everything off the floor sticks to them.
Did not meet my needs
Whoever designed this product never rode a bike. Very difficult to mount and it did not fit 3 of my road bikes. Very clumsy to recharge. And bad angle when I could mount it. I returned it. I do not recommend. I found two other bike rear lights that work great.
Broke after one hour of wearing it
Display broke after a couple of weeks. Probably due to water exposure. I was not swimming with it; probably was just wearing it in the shower.
THERE IS NO WAY TO GET IN OR OUT OF THIS SWIMSUIT. HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I GAVE IT AWAY TO SOMEONE WHO THINKS THEY CAN CUT IT APART AND SEW SO SHE CAN GET IT ON AND OFF, OTHERWISE WILL BE THROWING IT AWAY.
terrible fit and makes squeaky sound. cannot use it.
Be cautious with item sizes and the return policy is not made as easy
Ordered 2 bags, opened them up for a football game tomorrow and one of the bags has one long handle and one short handle. The other bag is fine so I assume it is defective, return window has passed as and I didn't open the packaging until needed so too bad for me!!
Received my replacement bands, or I should say band. The package appeared to be a return or open item and was missing the longer strap. Returning the product for a refund.
Way too small. I got a large for my 9.5 feet and can't get it on.
Product never showed up!!!
I didn't care for these. When I wear them my hands still slip off due to them taking up so much space on my hands and I can't grab the bar all the way.
Was demolished when it arrived. Missing pieces. I ordered two other caliber kits. They're all jumbled up. I have no idea which part is for what. They offered to replace them. We'll see.
It's too big and takes up too much space. You can actually put two pairs of sunglasses in this case.
This doesn't fit magpul m-lok. Don't waste your money. I would give it no stars if I could.
Not sure why people like this product. It's stiff and dries out quickly. It was to replace my old small cotton towel that I keep damp and draped around my neck in between golf shots. Worst product I've ordered in a long time. Will probably be throwing it away.
Netting is too small, it needs to be pulled really tight to fit. More importantly though, it broke within a month.
ordered the bathrobe several weeks ago. received a hockey blanket, tried to return it, i still haven't heard anything on a refund. do not order from this company.
One came out of the package broken, the other broke in 2 days. On day one of the third but these are cheap and dont work for diddly. The original band lasted me 8 months so it isn't a user habit issue.
Did nothing... Absolutely nothing. Very discouraged and disappointed.
they told my had arrived and checked the mailbox 5 days afterwards hoping it was just late. It's been 2 damn weeks of trying to contact these people, and they've said nothing. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK YOU THIEVES!
VERY POOR DIDNT LOOK ANYTHING LIKE THE WIG THATS POSTED. VERY TIGHT AND NAPPY LOOKING. LOOKED AS IF THE WIG HAD BEEN WORN
Damaged all over the place
It takes the small card! Returned it
I am extremely upset bc I bought this months ago for my husbands birthday and we just opened it and not only is this product used but the screen is broken and there was sticky note on it saying it was broke. There is nothing in the info suggesting i bought a used cabinet. Im pissed! There was writing in the instruction manual and dart holes already in the cabinet.....
While these Diamond Pro grips cushion recoil well, they are impossible to remove. I needed action work on my J Frame, and we couldn't get them off. Gunsmith had to destroy them. Will not buy again.
Over all not bad, my husband said they were comfy and true to size, but after 3 days he started to get a weird rash and dry skin scabbing. He's had other silicone rings so I don't know why these were giving him issues.
Damn thing wasn't worth a sh*t I shot it one time on a 22lr and the red dot wouldn't stay in the middle of the optic. Kept going to the right side. Shot two more times and it fell apart on the inside.
Did not come with a charger. Unable to use.
Product quality product. The tape does not stick.
I got this and was so excited to start using it :( it never worked.
After a full charge it only last 5 min. Waste of money.
Bought for the upcoming archery season. My field points shot and grouped in a good pattern. As soon as I put the muzzy's on the arrow, all the arrows shot left 3-4 inches. I adjusted the sight appropriately to correct this and the accuracy just got worse. Got so frustrated I bought a completely different broad head set up.
Got broke after 2 moths of use it
This product came with nothing to put it together
Very very noisy, cheaply made
This mouth guard lasted 3 months, do not buy!!!
I can't get one on and can't wear the sox as too tight with current swelling even though the XL was the correct size for the calf, think I need another size up I can't return them either as in taking one off I pulled a couple of snags so overall it didn't work for me and guess I will have to throw them out or to the Goodwill. Ankle area was very tight also.
The adjustment buckle is right under your foot. Not going to work if you plan on walking. Also even at the smallest length they are to big.
After just one use, the handle fell apart. Never buy this again.
I really liked these in the beginning. They're a great alternative to the brightly colored baby mats. However, I've had these down for a few weeks, and they're already peeling! I am so disappointed!
Disappointed the hardware did not come with them having a difficult time locating the right hardware to mount on our dock
These started out well, but one of them just teared down while trying to put it on. Looks like a bad choice on our part.
Rashes on the hand after 2 weeks of use
This has been great for the 2 weeks I've had it... but it already won't charge; nothing happens when I plug it in.
After about 6 months the metal bar that holds ball in place broke...then ball popped about 6 months later (I replaced this with a new ball from other brand)...now wheel housing broke and chair is completely useless...time to go on diet and buy a more durable brand
Watch completely stopped tracking my steps and won't even give me notifications of my texts it stopped working within a week and a half
I wasnt able to test it because i was sent the wrong one. Other than that the service to respond and get my shipment was awesome
Bad balance. To light to thru past 8 feet.
These fall apart very quickly.
This is not neoprene so it is not going to make you sweat. Basically it's a back support belt. I will be returning this fraudulent item.
it's using very cheap glue and the parts came out after less than a month
I ordered the L/XL size and it's still way too small. Had to give it to a sparring partner. The chin piece would not reach me chin and it barely fit around my head. Definitely not an XL.
I ordered XL for comfort. Can't get these past my ankles. I'm 5'6” and about 160 lbs. Didn't try on until after return date. Maybe XL for children?
I ordered a large, and it was too big. Not really a good fit for a female. The sleeves are too wide. I ended up having to return it.
received just a single weight not a pair- guess I have to call to figure it out now
THEY CLAIM 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE BUT I ORDERED THIS LID AND IT DOESN'T FIT MY BOTTLE AND IT SAYS ITEM NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN. NOW I AM STUCK WITH A LID FOR NOTHING. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
The darn thing stopped working for me because I guess the stitch job was piss poor. OR maybe I'm just too fat... :( Wish I could get another one to give it another try... :(
I have not received this item! I would not deal with this vendor again!
Stiff. Not smooth as you would expect for 12 bearings.
Velcro came off before I tried them on. Not a lot of support in comparison to other wrist bands. You get what you pay for.
I bought this watch for my son back in May, it ran good till the end of July and just quit, and it won't charge at all. Not a good investment
I bougth this for my son to use for school, the straps and clips fall off after just three days, it cost more than other seller's prices, but quality is not reliable, don't recommend it
Bought this last year and never recieved it!
The bands didn't feel like they resisted enough for my workouts. They felt very stretched out.
It was too fragile. It broke within a few days.
Not fitting well to tight very poor quality
I wear men's size 12.5, so I got the larger ones, they are WAY too small :(
sizing was way off ordered a large felt like i was wearing a small
Gross little bladder bags. The kids refused to use them and I felt a bit embarrassed using it on our cruise.
Packing terrible. Bar had deep scratches that made it sharp where hands would grip. Returned.
STOPPED working after 3rd time I used it
I loved my loops from you all but they kept snapping & breaking. The last one just broke. I am doing 80 day obsession & now I can't even finish up the program due to the loops all breaking. Is there anything I can do about this. Thank you
It may be a great ladder but the description is very misleading. I was looking for a ladder which is removable by simply detaching it. The "Quick disconnect'" is very misleading. It has to be bolted down and is NOT removable. I really dont know where the quick disconnect idea comes from. Also the steps are NOT extra wide!!! Maybe for a child under 1p but not a grown adult.
Overpriced and cheaply made. Only purchased at the high price due to the positive reviews. This is just a piece of felt with some foam backing at the end to form the holes. At the transition to the foam area it creates almost a 1cm step. So this is pretty useless a a putting practice tool . VERY BADLY MADE
Package said that I would get six patches but the box only contained four. Did not get everything I paid for.
I purchased this Jan 3 2019. In a little over a month the leather has torn away from the metal pin that connects it to the versa. At first I thought that the pin had just come loose, upon further inspection the pin was still on the watch but the leather had torn away from around the pin. Do NOT BUY this leather band
Each dart weighs differently. In one set the darts were within 2 grams of each other. In the other set they were as much as 5 grams off. This may not matter to the casual shooter. As they say, "You get what you pay for."
Ball was clearly defective. it deflated indoors in 2 days before a single game could be played with it. Very Disappointing
I have a number of headbands but these are 2” too short. I wore 1 and it was too tight. I checked my other ones and they are too small.
Unit didn't work. Too cheap to bother with replacement or refund.
Too small for big heads
The hooks are impossible to open and close without pliers. Not functional.
Does not spin smoothly. Not 100 percent satisfied. To much trouble yo send back. Poor quality
I ordered these because I wanted sand-filled bean bags, which the description states they are. But they are not sand-filled. I either need a refund or an exchange with SAND bean bags please.
I've used Slick Tricks for years - standard and magnum 100 grain. Moved up to 125 grain with this purchase and either Slick Trick had a manufacturing problem or these are knockoffs. They are not usable.
Horrible fit, too tight for bigger boobs
Don't hold up well at all. The closures have broken on 2 of 3 in less than 30 days of use
Doesn't do what it says it does.
Mounted on .17 hmr. Used it once to get sighted in and no issue. Took it out in the field for coyote hunting. Had one on the sights and went to zoom in and felt something snap inside, all of the sudden the crosshairs start turning, missed the shot. Checked it the next day and its completely busted, there is no more zero. Thanks Simmons for wasting $50 and educating my coyotes.
I dont received this item
I got around to putting this with the 44 mm scope that it was supposed to fit. It didn't fit that scope nor did it fit the 50 mm scope (Athlon) both. It is larger than both versions. The return Window closed a week ago.....so I'm FUCKED. AMAZON Strikes again!
Very cheaply made ~ black coloring was already rubbed off on some cards in the deck the very first time they were pulled out of their case.
This product has a big stench when applied. Stinks. Applied to a jacket and it did not repellent rain. Will not recommend this to anyone.
After using for only 1.5 months, the battery is completely dead. Worthless
I have only used one and I am already frustrated. One of the sides keeps coming off. Bad quality.
Returning this product as it was not accurate at all. Steps and distance seem to be okay but the heart rate monitor, sleep tracking, and calories burned is way off. I've been using other trackers for many years and know where the readings should be. Unfortunately this one is not worth the cheap price tag.
Did not seat properly upon rib of 870 shotgun. The baseplates under the rib bend when you screw them in tightly. Upon tightening one of the baseplates stripped out. Pretty cheap design.
OMG no. These things are cute but they slip and slide, they don't stay in place, and they roll up something awful. Absolutely do not recommend
they call this pull up assist bands , which indicates its more then one, and the image shows also a set of bands, but you will only get one of the smallest. very disappointed!
I bought this to replace an old band that was starting to catch on my clothes...and this one is already catching on my clothes. I'm probably going to return it.
The original date of delivery was supposed to be right on time for an event I was having, but then I received an email stating the items were going to be arriving late. I then received another notice that the items were going to be delivered on a completely different day or days past the original date. The date specified for delivery and late delivery is now past due and I still don't have the items delivered.
I thought the goals would be much bigger. When I opened it, thought it was a joke. The goals were the size of 3 soccer balls. Disappointing for sure!
Fragile plastic. Broke with just a minor fall
these were small small small good bluegill lure
I never received the item and the company nor Amazon never responded to my issue. I even attempted to contact them through a return slip, but still no response. Now I've wasted $22 and no item. I am hoping this post will help me get a response from the company to either send me the item or return my money. I was really interested in owning and using this item.
This cover was a reorder. The previous cover was great, thick material, very durable. When the cover ripped in a storm, I reordered the cover. The new cover is terrible. It is thin and flimsy. The zipper will not stay zipped up. I had to sew the ends of the zipper together to use it. Do not buy this cover!
Every time I open my bottle it falls out. All 3 of them I got do it. I even tried to gorilla glue it and it still falls out.
Never received my refund
Did not amplify at all . Could hear better without them on . Going to send back.
worthless...the primer areas is simply silicon filled...one firing and there is a hole/indentation and it stays that way....worthless.
Not for Me , Just gets in the way, I will resale this one Cheap!!
too small. Doesn't fit well.
Bolts were all loose in the shipping envelope. Some of the arrows were in pieces. The arrow packaging inside the shipping envelope was opened and empty.
I was really happy with these, honestly. There really nice and seemed well made. Then after the 2nd time i tried them one, a arm broke off. I litteraly tried them on 2 times and they were broken within 5mins of opening the box.
Nice rope but had to return because the hooks were not big enough to go through our pontoon eyes
Did not fit X-Carry properly... rattled in sheath... could turn and pull straight out without pressing unlock. Holster rotation lock kept releasing during range activity. Serious duty, carry safety concerns. Sent back.
The bands are not strong enough. I'm a mid level athlete / fitness female and the black band which is supposed to be the hardest / strongest went around my legs and gave me VERY little resistance in squats and lunges. Poor quality gliding discs...scratched along the floor and did not give smooth transitions.
Glue came undone on one of the earbuds. These are 4 dollar buds sold for 16 bucks. Shady company.
It did not work at all. Blinked on and off like a strobe light .Product worked for just 10 seconds in 12 volts battery and stopped!
Doesn't work. Can't get any water out. Waste of money.
Junk. App never works or pairs with device. Only good for tracking steps.
I bought the wrong cards. Completely my fault but there's a NO RETURN POLICY
The ones pictured as “black” show up as black and grey . I received full black pair .
Tighten with a wee wrench and still falls off when i shot my ar. It's a 223 so not a lot of recoil and it still fell off its trash don't waste your money.
The product is not as powerful as described and broke in a month. The on button did not work and the product was on as soon as the safety was lifted and kept zapping.
At first glance out of the box, it seemed perfect. Once placed outside in the sun, I quickly changed my mind. I was disappointed in the quality of the flag. I could see through the fabric and the image on the other side could be seen. I ended up returning it.
I had to return this item because the dish is way too small to fit a meal on. It's more like a large shallow bowl.
If you want fold this up and store it, do not buy, it's garbage in that respect. Works fine for hitting balls, the net when standing functions as intended. But, does not fold up as represented in instructions or as in YouTube videos...followed these as precisely as possible and it does not fold properly. This is a known issue that others have posted about. Problem seems to be frame developes a slight twist that makes folding impossible. Cannot untwist. And, once twisted will not stand up properly again. Better options out there. Very hard to pack up and send back.
I Never received the bag
Garbage. Cheap China made. Button slides the length of it on the side making a comfortable holding while deploying impossible. Don't waste your money
Buckle broke after a few weeks.
The product wasn't what it was on the description. Way different
Product arrived dirty and had many chips all over the place. Glass was covered in a glue like substance which was hard to clean. Not worth $60 by any stretch. I'm thinking to return this as my furniture is not all scratched liked this is. I'm not pleased at all amazon!
Rope dropped out of hand during use and the handle broke.
It provides support no doubt. Would be helpful if it actually stayed on for longer than 2min in the water. Go with rocktape h20 of you're looking for stuff that will actually stick during and after swims/surfs.
Its not stable enough and pistol sinks in more when continous use
This product is not as advertised. I would not play these balls if they were given to me for free. They are torn literally and have at best deep scuff marks.
My frame arrived with a dented bar. I emailed for a replacement repeatedly receiving not one response. I am unable to assemble it without the properly fitting bar. The frame is still in pieces on the floor. I am a trapeze artist I needed the frame for practice. Wouldn't recommend this product, the company.
Way too much air gets into the drinking straw. I tried adjusting the spout but to no avail. Returned it.
although it appears as delivered, I did not receive it
The packaging was excellent. Was so excited to unpack it looks great decide to fired up. Problem right out of the gate one puck dosent work right its really loose. Fires in and out unlike all the others. Continues to go in-and-out due to it being loose. Shut it off tried a different puck and it works great and it not loose on the pad. So one out of 3 pucks doesn't wanna work right. Very unhappy with the quality of the product. Sadly will have to return. Had high hopes for the product.
The color had already off after 9 days of wearing. I guess it made from interior material.
I have bought these socks 3 times and each purchase the socks were different sizes. Two sets did go over the calf. The last and largest purchase were the shortest and do not go over the calf. I purchased these to wear with motorcycle boots. Not happy with the obvious multiple manufacturers making much different products under supposed same specs.
Just got them in the mail. Put them on my son's shoes and after wearing them one day they broke. One half snapped and the other one tore after he was sitting on his foot and stood up. They are not durable.
Mine fogs almost instantly when weather is 40 or below. Its actually very dangerous to wear. Once it fogs, you have got to flip the shield pronto in order to see whats ahead. If you have traffic coming at you with headlights on, your screwed.
Very poor product. Bags broke the first time I used them.
This is my second one of these..got rid of the first one because of the noise it made..years later its no better..grinding squeaking noises are just unbearable..grease all u want it won't help..wish I could get money back
Zipper broke after 4 months. This should not have happened. Amazon refused to help. I would like the vendor to replace product or provide a refund. Thank you.
junk.. lasted two trips...
It's a XS/S, but it's still too big. It's not an accurate XS/S. The fingers are too long.
Cheap quality they are fine for the elementary school or class but not something I would use for real play time
Had this bag for 2 days and the zipper and lining broke and tore had my passport and all sensitive items . Just very very disappointed in this product.
Worked for one day, after that the umbrella would not close. I missed the return window!
These are NOT large enough for spinning rods. They don't even come close to fitting over the larger, lower guides. The only reason I'm not returning them is I can find use for them for bait casting rods. Don't believe the description. What was sent appears fairly well made but will not function as it was advertised. If you need sleeves for SPINNING RODS do not buy these.
I tried these in my Barre class yesterday, and half my workout was getting my feet to stop sliding. These were awful for gripping the hardwood floor. I had to take them off eventually and did better barefoot in the class
received product and wasn't even close to the right size, or even the right lenses for the glasses it said
Bad quality. It broke in first try...
Would like to rate but I never received my scarf. USPS says it "maybe lost". How long is a person supposed to wait before asking for a refund?
These headbands quickly stretched out! They looked very nice when they first arrived and seemed to be tight, but they only lasted about a month with daily use by my daughter. Would not purchase again.
Poor quality, any of these NBA star shirts I order always fall apart by the 2nd wash.
HORRIBLE!! This product does NOT fold. I'm not sure why it's called foldable trampoline. I guess they had to rename the product as it was called Marcy FOLDABLE trampoline when it's not. First of all.It's difficult to assemble, second you can't fold it so unless you have a personal gym it would have to stay in the middle of your living room because it's huge and you would have to unscrew the bars after every use which is almost impossible unless you have four hours of your day to do so. Deceiving name and description.
The quality is HORRIBLE!!! Sounds like i'm in a tunnel! Everything is muffled, distorted and sounds far away.
I ordered the carousel 4-5 weeks ago. They sent me a much cheaper and broken item as shown in the picture. I contacted them with the error and they sent the same incorrect cheaper case several days later...this one also broken. I notified them yet again with an extremely rude customer service correspondence. Two weeks have passed since they stated they would send me the correct poker carousel poker case...still dont have the it. I contacted them yet again today for an update with no response noted 8+ hours later. Avoid.
I ordered in silver and it was great so I ordered in gold and received the wrong item. Watch Company isn't responsive and has yet to straightening out the error.
The lid does not fit, it bows outward and there isn't a seal. The latches don't grab and I imagine would not hold if the box had any weight inside. I took this out of the delivery box, handled it for a minute or two and immediately knew it wouldn't do the job. Hinge is plastic. Pretty bummed, will send right back.
I was not satisfied with product ripped two months after using. I would never purchase product again.The size was not accurate.Went with sweat sweat brand alot better.
I never received the hat!!!!
Absolutely horrible customer service!!!!!!! I bought this product and never received it. Contacted the seller to try and make it right and they try and give me someone else's tracking info in a totally different state. Now they won't answer any emails, return my money, or even send me the product!!!!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY with this company!!!! They don't deserve even a one star.
This is how my package arrived. May update rating after using the roller if not damaged.
This watch sucks. I walked around my whole house and it didn't add any steps. It adds steps whenever it wants. Also t came in a Amazon box and the original box was broken. I am very disappointed in this purchase. I got one for my sister at the same time and hers works fine. Definitely don't buy this watch such a waste.
Nowhere does it say that there's red underneath on the bill it shows it's all blue I tried contacting them and it's been probably a week now and yet no reply maybe they'll see this
It's been over a month still haven't received my product nor a message from the seller about the shipment.
I have hardly worn this headband and the stitching is unraveling everywhere. I thought a $7 reversible headband was too good to be true and that appears to be the case. The stitching is loose and threads are coming out all over the place. This product will not last for more than 10 uses. In addition to the headband falling apart, even if it was in good condition, I would be disappointed by it's fit. It's thicker than a normal headband and it's very tight on the head. I don't have too big of a head at 7 3/8 inches (brain is still very large though). This headband is nothing more than a paper weight. Don't even think about ordering.
I'm not a strong girl. I got this after wanting to use a slightly heavier resistance band. I would do my basic glute warmups with this. It was also not stretchy at all and I could barely move around in it. It lasted for a few weeks before I noticed that the rubber began tearing. First the condom, now this? Can life get any worse?
Way to tight. Won't work.
I bought this bottle for my daughter to take to school, but then she was so upset that the lid is not tight so the water leaked everywhere. I tried to tighten it as much as I could but it still leaked. I thought it was too late to return. I do not recommend this product at all. From not happy customer..
It only worked for 15mins
Bought it because of free one day shipping. Got it 4 days later after 2 online and 2 phone customer service sessions. Worst Amazon experience ever.
Never even turned on. Charged it for hours and the thing never turned on.
Attached at ankle, tight loop, 40lb attached load, side swing. Velcro released, cable hit other leg, leaving a bruise. Thought it was a fluke, double-checked that attachment is good. Velcro on second leg released on next set. Again, bruise. Do not buy!
Keeps popping off the fitbit, the spring that connects to fitbit keeps on popping out and fitbit consequential falls off wrist.
Waste of money and dangerous. Just go to the gym. I tried the exercises and they were impossible. I feel duped.
I used used this twice and washed it twice and the border hem is already coming apart. Its junk.
It is not the towel as advertised. And I only received 1 and not 2. And i am going to the game today, so this is a real issue
Just bought this and it's alreadt falling apart.
I ordered two, one came with the odometer ripped out and loose in the box and the other one the pedal would not stay on. We were able to try the one with both pedals to see if we wanted to re-order but when you pedal under a desk your knees hit the underside of the desk surface. Great concept but not a practical use.
Activation and use of this service is easy, however there is no option to cancel, you must call and the phone rings to voicemail that is full.
I highly don't recommend this. I ordered this product on April 4 and it says on the email they sent me that it has been delivered already. But UNTIL NOW i still haven't recieved the product. I am really disappointed because it was a gift for my daughter. Please FIX this problem!!!
Bought this for my daughter before a BTS Concert. The item came, looked awesome! My daughter brought it to the concert and she waited that it would not connect to the concert Bluetooth and work properly. Too bad because she only wanted to go to one concert. And she had a dud. Worked great in manual mode
I got a used product you can still see the deodorant marks very disappointed
It has a little knob to put phone on silent and it broke already after having case on my phone for 4 days!!!
What the hell is this? Box was sealed but completely wrong off brand cheap reel was sent. Will be returning to exchange for another.
Not for my guy. Does nothing.
I bought this product but ended up by nothing it says it was delivered almost a week ago but I'm still waiting.
Really bad good quality product, but the magnet odor the strap fell off and the strap was flipped to where I couldn't latch it I tried every position to flip and see if it could and nothing
Very cheaply made! Handle broke the first time I used it. I'd stay away from this product!
Received my display case today and upon opening I discovered that the case is broken and cracked on all four corners of the clear plastic. I don't blame the shipping because it's evident this case was broken prior to shipping due to the fact the broken piece missing was not even in the original package, the shipper had sealed the original package in bubble wrap so there is no way the missing piece could have disappeared during shipping.
This item, once used, had the sight pusher deform the very first time.
Reflective material started peeling off after first use....
Ugh!!! This fanny pack just bled pink dye onto my white shirt! AND I have only had it for 3 weeks and the light has already stopped working completely! It started out bright and then got lighter and lighter over a few days. And it stained my countertop, too. My shirt was expensive but I loved it :( I only recommend this product for those who like surprises and unexpected pops of color, or as gift for people who you want to sabotage.
I flew the Cowboys Flag this 1st week of the football season. Two days and the seam has start to fray. There was nice weather without high winds. I am very disappointed.
Product was shipped in a plastic envelope through the mail with a little bubble wrap. When it got to me the container was cracked and broke and leaked all over all my mail. Should of been shipped in a box and packed correctly. This came straight from the vendor so no blaming Amazon.com for this. Now I have to return it which means putting this mess in something I can send back to them and not leak over over everything! Not happy.
A mistake on my part to order these They leak and are not comfortable should have send them back
Product arrived quicker than expected but was very small. They might fit a child but definitely not an adult size 7. I wore one pair and my legs hurt more. I had quite a bit of difficulty getting them on and they didn't come up to my knee. I tried to wear for 6 hours but my leg pain became unbearable my husband had to pull them off. Very dissatisfied!! Can't return because I wore one pair and washed them now they look smaller than before.
When I wear the belt it kept coming up under my chest, And it yoo hard. Waste of money 💰
won't last one season. ears will crack and break. would rate at zero stars if I could
There was no strap in the package. Disappointing
Very hard to pull the trigger. I wanted to scare the squirrels away. That didn't work, either!
Was easy to install but they where flimsy list the front 1 the first day on the water locking mechanism broke
This is not a good yoga towel. I didn't like the fabric. It says it has a good grip, but it wasn't the case. My hands and feet were a bit dry and they got stuck to the towel and it's very uncomfortable to do yoga on..
It doesn't work properly. I would like to return it. It can be difficult to get your heart rate. I think i got a bad watch because we had problems even setting the time. The best thing i can say was that it fit well. Can i get my money back or a new one?
I am an avid salsa dancer and need constantly change my shoe's suede. I am size 12 and this item is exactly 12 inches long. It worked well for a pair of tennis shoes because is all one piece making it hard for the suede to come off the shoes. However, for regular men shoes with low hills this sheet is just too short to make it one piece, so I have to cut it in two pieces, the toes which is big and the hills which are smaller pieces. These smaller pieces come off every time while dancing!! SELLER, can you please make bigger pieces for tall men??? I will pay double if I have to. Thank you
Simple, got the Wrong item. I ordered batteries and charger, but got some game remote . Go figure.
Have waited a week for a response and have not heard back.
This one couldn't hold zero at all, every 2 or 3 shots then need to adjust this sight again, and the riser became loose even though I have tightened it to my rifle before. Not recommend.
I ended up getting a rash. It gets super itchy, then scabs up and flakes. This never happened with my actual garmin band. Should have bought it thru garmin. Disappointed with this item.
I received USED sling. One of the QD attachments are broken. It won't even engage or disengage. I can see marks all over from the previous owners attempts to get it to work, so it was most likely returned. It also came late! Twice the time it should have taken for a prime two day. I'm usually a fan of cheap crap that is functional. But this company most likely knowingly sent a used/broken product. I've seen better crap for cheaper.
I am on vacation and was able to use the fanny pack for 3 days. The entire side was open due to bad stitching. Will be returning.
I bought these for a pair of shoes that I bought my grand daughter. She doesn't know how to tie so I thought they would be perfect. She only wore them for about a week and the shoestrings came out of the clips and raveled. Not a good situation for a little girl.
I really wanted to love this bottle in an effort to move away from plastic. But 3 things went wrong. First, and from the start, it gave water a chemical smell, kinda like petroleum. Ironic isn't it? Something you'd expect from plastic. I tried everything, compared same water with different bottles, cleaned it thoroughly many times. Nothing would get rid of that awful smell. Second, it wouldn't fit in my backpack's pouch. The rubber casing is just a little too big. Third, i accidentally dropped it about waist height and it shattered in million pieces. Not great. So it's back to plastic for now...
Only 3 work, they jam and won't shoot. Cheap product. I wouldn't recommend 👎
Was sent the wrong style clips. Sent a message to the seller that was never answered.
Total piece of junk. Sending it back. Eyes were broken and very cheaply made. Don't waste your time and money on it.
Never received this band
The pump you will receive is all white. The pump in the picture is red and white. Be prepared to get install directions written in chinglish. This unit is made in China and the directions are horrendous. There was no foam packaging where the float moves, to protect it during shipping. Finally, CE not coast guard approved. Also, base is very thin, I see a short life for the screen/ base. I would NOT buy again.
Didn't make it past 100 rounds before it stopped working. Kept turning off and on every time I would fire. I'm sure it was just poor internal electronics. Thankful for a good return policy though.
Onr of the legs was broke but simple fact it cost so much for a individual to send stuff back just not worth it that would have me paying like 85 bucks for this. I suppose would be worth 60 if not broken on delivery
I thought the one I ordered was water proof? Did something go wrong or what? This item says nothing about being water proof.
I used this bottle for one week before the plastic cracked. Likely the plastic is just too thin to contain the full weight of the water.
Never received order. I know it's not much money but I really wanted these for fishing. NOT HAPPY. No response from seller. Has been almost 2 months. STAY AWAY
Disappointed that after 3 days of use the rubber broke off the clip. Metal that is underneath sharp. Haven't tried the other one that came with it, but am sure it will be just the same.
Based on some reviews, I thought this would fit my large noggin. It does not.
So I ordered these back in June, knowing that I was purchasing some autographed memorabilia for my son for his birthday. I open them on August 22nd, to find that 3 out of the 5 sleeves are cracked at the opening. It's now past my return window. Lucky me. I paid decent money for three broken sleeves.
Hard to open if u have small hands/
Hanger in picture did not come with with item.
Opened up package and about passed out from the strong chemical smell. Tried washing them and still has a bad toxic smell.
Was listed as a large. Doesn't fit. I do have the wrist version of cankles but still. I usually wear a LG wristband for my Alta.
I ordered these, they never came, so I was refunded. This is the THIRD time I've submitted a "review" ~ please stop asking.
Not quite oil resistant
Bought the XL version. Main zipper broke after only a couple month. Bummer.
Good cutting but after washing the knife for the first time I noticed it gets rust throughout so very disappointed
Ordered for a birthday and arrived with no boxing gloves
I order two and only received one. My grandson love it but my other grandson is disappointed he didn't get his. I will change the rating when I receive the other one
The pink color rubs off and looks dirty!
Work alright but it last only a month. Literally 34 days as the stitch of the Velcro busted. Want to send t back but it already had past 30days. Not buying it again
Not good at all. Doesn't help and is NOT a speed loader. Not even worth the cost of returning.
The socks are huge and move around on the foot, making the sticky things on the bottom pointless. My foot slips all around in them, they go back tomorrow.
It did not work when it arrived. We called the seller, as well as sent 2 emails but the seller never responded. My husband called the manufacturer who had him ship the gun directly to them and they fixed it and sent it back. Now it works and he is very happy with it (it was his birthday present). I will highly recommend Sig Sauer products (5 star)--but I will NEVER by from this seller again. They are clueless as to customer service. The overall rating is for the seller, not the product.
Instructions that come with this POS are gibberish impossible to follow. Moreover, the instructions do not even give the name of the Apple app associated with the device. Google searches for information on the device yield nothing, nor do YouTube searches. A total waste of money and time.
Returned because they do not look at all like they do in the picture.
I was several miles away from home riding my electric bike, when I had a flat tire. I thought I was ok, having both of these Schwalbe spare tubes with Me? When the 1st inner tube wouldn't hold air, I had my fingers-crossed the 2nd spare inner tube would save me? But, after installing the 2nd Schwalbe inner tube, as I was filling with air, it also sprang a LEAK and I was left STRANDED on the SIDE of the ROAD far-away from Home. (ugh!) Under close inspection, the rubber was OLD and deteriorating (rotted). BUYER BEWARE this Distributor, they are selling old tubes that will leave you stranded, at the worst time!
Tried to cancel the order a few hours after placing it on Monday. Amazon refused to cancel, even though it was not scheduled to be shipped until Wednesday. Too bad you're so greedy, Amazon.
I am so disappointed with this mat. :( It is not durable at all! After only one use it was covered with indents from elbows for planks, etc. Even after letting it lay to air out, it looks all thrashed even though it has hardly been used. I do NOT recommend!!
Never got these socks
I give them one star but they should get no stars got wet in the snow once and shrunk now they don't set it all
Very poor quality inside seam cut into toes..
Got it for my son he practiced casting all day then he casted into the water and the rod broke
The sight arrived and it was not working. I opened it up and the battery had the sticker removed from it so I'm not sure if the sight is defective or not. I now have to go buy a new battery to verify if it works or not.
They don't last long only had them for two weeks and four of them already broke not impressed
I ordered this Ping Pong table for a party that I was throwing, and upon receiving box 1/2 I was disappointed to find out it was damaged upon arrival. I the seller offered to replace the item but in fear of receiving yet another damaged table I opted for a refund instead. I would not recommend this table to anyone.
I hated it.....i ordered xl and it was a small too tight not at all satisfactory ....
I never received the product and it ended up getting shipped back to seller
Was only one large boot. Not a set..:but the xl came with two./:
Went to use for the 2nd time, and it wouldn't stay locked in the opened position. Not happy.
A complete piece of junk. Would not work as advertised.
Broke in 2 months of intermittent usage
I requested a return and it was never done and now they are saying it is too late.
Work was shoddy. Returned for refund.
It had a dent in on delivery
Created more pain then anything else.
It's good quality and well made BUT it doesn't fit the holes because the fabric is too thick where the pins are.
This is a peace of junk already stripped out and broke going in the garbage
Wouldn't work and it stopped charging.
There is only one axe in the set.
Too thick and pieces of the rubber have peeled off. A bad choice for yoga and awkward to fold and carry. When I received it there was a strong chemical odor that has faded but still lingers
Warped but could not return because I had thrown away the box. Will never buy again
Hate this product. Not what I wanted.
I havent even had this for 2 days and it broke. It appears there was a piece of plastic or glue inside where the screws came through that was very brittle. The watch just fell off. How disappointing.
I waste my money for these devices after second or third time used is not going to stick back again I tried I bought a pad gel and still not sticking on my body because it is a hoax
Accidently bought this twice. First time it lasted a month. Second time I bought zipper broke first time worn.
Apparently the windage screw is bent. Could have happened in shipping. But that's not my fault. No happy!
I purchase almost everything from Amazon and I have never had issues with any order until now. I ordered this shirt for my son's graduation. It came with a huge pick in on left chest area that looked like an old panty hose run. We had no choice but to wear it. After the ceremony was over we noticed several more picks on the back and front of the shirt. I'm disgusted at having had to pay close to $50 for a one time use shirt! Very poor quality! And it runs super small even after sizing up!
wore these 1 week...ONE WEEK and they fell apart
Item was delivered and the box was completely empty. Returned to box to the delivery agent. Please re ship or refund my purchase.
Did not fit my Glock 43 correctly
This was a definite disappointment. The fabric is so stiff it makes noise with every move. Save your money.
Received this product this morning Was not able to hear anything. I had a home nurse check it and she said it is very faint. Not recommended.
The band came torn, bad.
They were loose on me with no compression. I wear a size 8, bought accordingly and the heal landed across my Achilles
Have always had good luck with reviews and purchasing a good item. This time it had failed me, got these today, filled up with water and they leaked, quite badly. Even from just drinking, very disappointed.
I'm actually fuming. I received two RIGHT foot boots. The sizing is off as well. I wear a nine and these are too tight. Also came with a filthy faded obviously used dust bag and the shoes weren't even in it. And to top it off the shoes are dirty! Disgusting Returning for a refund.
I got hair extensions and i couldn't return it
This item was sent to me damaged. It seems as if it was already worn. Don't waste your money on it.
I opened the box and they were muddy. Wth amazon!
Waste of money, the "adjust ability" consists of a series of small plastic sections which collapse when put under weight. Frustrating to use and not worth the money. Sorry I bought this item.
The strap clasp broke within 24 hours of wear. given that the app isn't great, not worth the investment.
Never received my order. Emailed the company but i never received a reply. Bad business i do not recommend
They didn't provide any instructions or a link to a video how to replace the nose piece. I don't want to break them. Now I'm waiting for a customer service rep to chat with. No excuse.
Returned because it was not complete like it thought it would be.
I was unable to change the delivery address and I ended up be fucked over and out of money
This swim cap did not work for my daughter. She has braid and the cap kept slipping off her head. When I took the cap off the 3rd time to adjust it, it was full of water. I will try the cap again when she has cornrows which don't create a bulge under the cap.
Too small. Very tight. Too wide in front pushes my glasses down hard on nose.
I need to be contacted!! I recieved the wrong item amd sent it back to u and u then sent me the right item, now I'm getting emails that I can't respond to that u are charging me because I never returned product! I did return with one of your labels in December I expect someone to contact me or I will dispute charges with my credit card company
It never arrived. I received a email saying it was returned. So I don't know.
We received the board, but no pucks. Our kiddo couldn't play his gift. Bummer all around. Returned - Check. They were out of stock so we couldn't exchange it. *sad trombone*
laser not centered aim is off to one side.
Very unhappy! Just opened my package because it is part of a Halloween costume and they have been used!!! Someone must have used them then returned them. They should have been looked over before shipping them to me.
Isn't at all like pictures. Very small and only one sheet, claims 3.
This is a double cuff pouch. Do not order if you are just looking for a regular cuff pouch. It is not as described. And it is not shown in the pictures.
What a piece of Junk. It came with no instructions and most of the bolts and hardware were rusty or corroded. Do not buy.
This is the second time I have ordered tactical glove, but got workout gloves. I wonder if I should try for a 3rd time. I think they just pull glove from an assorted box.
Terrible smell I have washed them by hand several times air dried them even hung them outside and they still have a terrible smell. I did try them on they seem to fit well and are a nice color of pink. Not sure sure that I'll be able to wear them due to the smell.I am only giving 1 star due to this issue.
I really wanted to like this tracker. Unfortunately, I didn't even get a chance to give it a try because it wouldn't charge. I tried in multiple outlets with multiple boxes. Nothing. Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it to get a refund.
We received this broken and therefore it did not work.
Two sizes two small. 3xl order the 5xl.
Received the wrong item, found out it's not eligible for return. Not happy at all !!!!
Horrible cracked within the first week
I bought this on January 5th and it didn't even last 2 months. Still keeps things very cold all day but the straw/drinking part broke.
Changed batteries but the bracelet still didn't work
I bought this treadmill in September 2017. It worked fine for 6 months then I got an E2 error message on the monitor. Tried everything they suggested in the owners manual and nothing corrected the problem. From other reviews it appears it's the deck that needs replaced. I would not recommend this unit.
No returns allowed on this item, yet could not find that fact on the product page before buying.
I had this knife for 1 hour and the screw fell out just by opening and closing it
This is not what is expected. Very poorly made and misleading. Hard to work with company.
Well had it less than a year and handle broke off my daughter was Upset don't waste your money on this item
Set looks nice but after a few months of owning them I noticed at least half of the balls had cracks all the way around them.
The worst! It was my baby boy's 2nd birthday and he loves the hulk, he opened it and right away I could tell it was cheaply made , the plastic material is extremely thin, about an hour later my baby boy fell holding this toy , and they toy broke the arm fell off, my son was extremely sad , I would not buy this toy again . It didn't even last an hour!!!!!
This is a cool little copper water jug but try taking a drink while walking, driving or tip it just a little to fast and you went from getting a drink of water to a shower. Unless you need to water your chest for some reason I would recommend looking for a bottle that has a better shape.
Did not last more than 3 days cheap made and useless
You can't use Polar Flow unless you release all rights to your data. I'm not that crazy. We've spent years protecting our data.
This seller is promoting fake 5 star reviews. Do not trust any 5 star review for any product by them.
I'm beyond pissed off right now. I have bad weather coming for the next 2 days so I only had today to get the trampoline set up for my daughters birthday on Saturday. As I'm setting it up I find out they didn't send me enough of one of the brackets, so I'm missing 2 brackets and have an extra 2 of the one I don't need! Unfortunately now my daughter will be without her big gift for her birthday. Literally in tears 😭 I recommend buying from a different company 🤬
Never did get product. Finally got a refund
Save your time and money, and do NOT buy this sight pusher. It is very poorly made, difficult to deal with, frustrating to use, and it scuffs up your sights even if you put something between the sights and the pusher. I used this to change out the sights on a few Glocks, and saying it was a hassle is an understatement, however I eventually got the job done. When I used this sight pusher to change out the sights on my M&P Shield it was a nightmare. I barely got the factory back sights off and couldn't even get the front sight off. If you're just changing out the sights on a few guns, then do yourself a favor and take your guns to a local gun shop. Most gun shops will install sights for $10 or less. If you're dead set on changing out your own sights, more power to you, but spend the extra money for a quality sight pusher. Do not buy this one! This sight pusher is not worth the time and stress.
It's orange my Fav color but the function is terrible. I drink ice tea that I squeeze some lemon into. If any pulp gets into the mix it plugs the straw almost immediately. The way the straw pivots back when you drink it gets stuck in that spot. I wanted to love it but it's a NO go for me.
Broke after 6 months of use. The floor board snapped while running on it. I used every day cleaned it once a month very disappointing.
I received a used, broken, and 100% incorrect item. I ordered the raspberry cloth watch band. I received a previously opened, black, rubber band that was broken.
Order was delivered but not to me and I don't know where or whom has it?
No support and if you have big legs you can forget having it fit appropriately.
WOULDN'T FIT PROPERLY ON MY SURGE FITBIT
I got it for my kid thinking that it would be great for him at daycare however it is useless and sitting in the cabinet for a while now. The worst part its spout. Thats the very important thing that manufacturer never thought of. The spout is in rectangular shape. When you sip something you dont make your lips rectangular to fit in that spout!!!! Naturally your lips curl to be round. Its so hard to sip through it even for me! How would my kid would sip from this rectangular spout!!!! Ugh. DO NOT BUY! ITS NOT COMFORTABLE AT ALL
We use a lot of the electronic cleaner. When I found this price on AMAZON I was so happy! I ordered it twice and both times the cans were just thrown in the box and were damaged in shipping. The third time I went to order it I even called AMAZON and they said they would put a note on the order to package it better. But, NOPE! Still just 48 cans thrown in a box! Very disappointed with AMAZON on this!!!
I weigh 177 well within the weight limit, and followed the instructions perfectly, but after just one pull-up, the bar snapped in two. The manufacturing of the product I recieved was very poor and the material it was made of was very weak. If you do end up buying this product please be cautious.
Would not recommend this belt to anyone.
I was excited about this mat, I really was. I went to a class that was pretty laid back and my foot movements tore the mat up. For example, going from a down dog to a plank and back I dug the ball of my foot into the mat as normal, and I could feel the mat tearing. After my class I found a few tears and was surprised after reading all of the great reviews. I decided to get another mat and send this one back, and have had no problems since.
Bad do not buy pedal just lock . Only a few options for seat adjustments , I wasted my money , which makes Peloton bike look wonderful.
Liked the watch until time to charge and it hasn't worked since.
I purchased the peach colored one and within 2 weeks, it is already discolored. looks like there is black coming through the band. Poorly made or just a cheap seller.
It broke after the first time I used it! The small piece of fabric that covers the top of the umbrella came off when I opened the umbrella, and now it leaks.
Bimini was too small for my boat...great price of $109 but if you have to return it YOU are responsible for shipping...shipping cost over $50! Lesson learned!
Really disappointed that the risers don't fit. Unfortunately I didn't try them on when I first received the step so I'm outside the return window.-
Contacted seller but no reply. Bottle should have ring around the neck. I will return and buy directly from berkey in next day if no response. I LOVE my big berkey! But I say purchase directly from berkey filters. Disappointed.
With both mags inserted the same direction one is tight and one is soo loose it would probaly fall out. Adjustment screw does not mitigate the issue.
The item was indeed in its original plastic, but it had obviously been used my a dog as a crate mat, DIRTY and WORN. I removed the plastic before bringing the mat into the house. The mat is permanently CREASED from use. If it would have been advertised as ACCEPTABLE, I would have no COMPLAINTS having expected damage when I ordered it. Buyer BEWARE.
Smells terrible, I have to keep it outside. Be warned.
The selling point for these gloves is the touch screen capabilities but considering the fact that those were utterly terrible after only about two weeks, I have to give these gloves 1 star. The right glove I have is pretty much useless for operating my phone at this point and the left glove is very unreliable. Whatever coating or thread that is used to make to tips of the thumb and pointer fingers touch sensitive is not good, accurate, or consistent in its touch capabilities. My expectation was that they wouldn't be very accurate, i didn't expect to text very well with these because the letters are small. However, I did expect to be able to unlock my phone by punching in the 4 digit code quickly and that has been a huge issue. The touch pads are totally unreliable and only work every few times you use them. This is totally unacceptable because, as stated before, the touch capabilities are the whole selling point for these gloves. Other than that, yes the gloves keep your hands moderately warm but it's not anything special, just a neoprene like material.
It says 600 cards which may be true but i'm to lazy to count. The point is that there are like 7 of one card. It doesn't say this anywhere and it was a huge disappointment
0ne tab would not stay out, therefore it is not adjustable.
I bought 2 of these for my boys who love to shoot and have experience with an older model pellet gun but thought we would get them their own. They are horrible. Jam all the time. Returning and looking for something else.
Not as pictured. No Nike swoosh on product.
Received a used and dirty pair
The dang thing leaks and makes a mess. Useless. I threw it away. It's a design flaw.
Poor quality of leather. Not once but twice the buckle broke n came off. This gets no stars. Even though they sent a replacement it still fell apart after only 2 weeks. Will never buy from them again
Ordered the pack of two, ten foot straps to secure my SUPs for a cross country road trip. The night before we were to leave, unpackaged these to use them and only one would work. The second strap would not catch, so you could just pull the strap through the locking device. One strap made stealing my boards a bit more difficult but provided no real security. Had to risk it on my trip. A friend bought the same straps, based on my purchase, and had the same issue- one worked, one did not. Not impressed. Don't waste your money.
I almost never review anything on Amazon but I have no clue how these wraps got 4.5 stars. These things are terrible...flimsy, thin, cheap feel. After washing once, they are all wrapped up on themselves, folding over and impossible to use again. Absolutely terrible product.
Band broke in less than 2 months.
Received the bottle and was already damaged out of the box. Size seems prefect, too bad bottle was damaged.
Bought for a friend. The parts don't fit together well. Too small. Instructions aren't clear.
Please check out the pictures of this hydro flask before purchasing. This is what happened after dropping this bottle once! I have heard a-lot of good things about this brand but I am not impressed at all. It's dented and looks horrible. Very unsatisfied customer
Never received item.
This is not a PRIME item. Its been two weeks and still havent received them. BUYERS BEWARE!
They do not fit a size 14 foot. They are too small.
DO NOT BUY. Made in China. Boxes come damaged. Parts missing. Finally got it together after I ordered a 2nd one. Works like crap. The motor barely puts out the fish food 1 foot. Tried both motors, same result. Lid came with a piece cracked out of it.
Did not work at all paddle are too flimsy
It is NOT a stitched patch it's rubber.,
Did not have a clear compartment for a license...Poor quality...did not use...
The magnifier arrived without the erector return spring system which is supposed to aid in maintaining zero. I'm trying to contact the seller to obtain a replacement. I'll update my review after hearing from the seller.
Palm is rubbery and too hot and sweaty
The table is ok. But the nets and holders for it were junky plastics and broke immediately. We had the purchase new ones after 2 weeks. Not happy and would never recommend to someone now knowing you will not stand behind it and replace it.
I had high hope of a headband finally staying in place, but this one failed. Will be returning
Was happy that tent was delivered earlier than promised, but now sorry that I purchased it. Just received it and it does not look like the picture. As a matter of fact, it looks used. Bag doesn't match the tent, there is no floor mat, it feels cheap. Purchased because a friend has a Chill Gorilla, but this thing I got is NOTHING like theirs. No indication on the tent or the bag that is actually a Chill Gorilla product at all. And, it was shipped from China so I have no idea how to return it. Ugh.
So thin on some of the bands they rip as soon as you squat with just body weight and I'm only 120lbs of force.
It doesn't get locked up even we make it very tight. My 5 years old daughter gets scared when the bar is moving. Afraid she will fall off too.
Pros: Very large with great color. Cons: Flag material is very thin. Ordered the black one shown in the photo, received a white one. Was sent the wrong color flag.
The lid does not fit correctly, seems very cheaply made, worst shaker bottle I own
I ordered these at a great price. I received a fake pair of Oakley sunglasses instead. Many others are receiving sunglasses as well, check the seller's feedback site.
These are NOT athletic socks they are thin material dress type below calf socks not what I wanted at all
Did not fit trail camera as advertised. Just a big paper weight for me now.
This set of iron sights for my AR-15 would not even clamp down tight on the picatinny rail Mike the owner or person I was speaking to not sure which he is thought possibly my picatinny rail was not in specification come to find out the Chinese sites that are passed off and sold as by an American-owned veteran-owned Corporation are actually from China as I found out later everything else dagger sells is from China he also told me to check my uppers make sure that was not what was out of spec in my opinion what is out of spec is passing these products off as American owned and yes I guess he is probably a vet but these are farthest thing you can get from American made products will never buy anything from dagger defense again
the cheap reel broke
Worked about two or three times and has not worked since. Very disappointed. Can't even find away to write to the company.
Not my size didnt fit good to lose
Its junk the letters wont stick i had to throw it in the trash not a good product at all i give it -10 stars dont buy it
They did not help me.
Band is of good quality however the print is very low quality! If I could give it a lower rating of 1 star I would! Print started to wear off after a week of wear. By two weeks the print was almost completely worn off. Soap and water washes off the print. Should have just bought a plain band. I loved the print but it just didn't last.
I just received this Paragon Arctic Blast Sno Cone Machine. It arrived damaged so I have to return it. That's not a big deal - shipping happens. However, I pulled the unit out of the box to take a look at it just to make sure I wanted to re-order the item. When I ran my hand around the inside of the hopper my fingers were covered with silver paint and metal particles. The inside of the hopper wasn't smooth at all - very rough, Seems like it missed a sanding stage in the manufacturing process. I don't know why I was getting paint on my hands or why the interior was painted at all. I have no doubt metal shavings would have been mixed in with the ice. I imagine paint would have discolored the ice as well. You certainly wouldn't want to be serving that to kids!
I'm so upset, I purchased this item last year and upon delivery i didn't open it until now, what was inside looks to be mop head rags, before receiving package someone swapped item out for what was inside because the bottom of the was tape up with clear tape, someone needs to explain this just order another one let's see if it happens again, NOT HAPPY!!! Look at pictures
It doesnt do BP at all. You see it in the picture and the title, buts its not on watch or on the software.
I bought this bathing cap and I only use a pool twice a week. I put it on today and it ripped into 3 pieces. I would like a replacement for this product.
What they show in the picture is what I wanted. I Was sent a generic bright blue product. Product in pic shows a darker blue, spiral texture. What I got was a standard and a brighter blue sleeve.
Did not fit my versa, had to throw it away
these were too small I needed a size 4x or 3x ..what you don't carry the bigger sizes
Both work great except one that as soon as i push the bottom the bottom got stuck inside, i fix then it did it again thought i fix it and NOW it does not work at all, i didn't even get to used it in our trip to camping! Soo frustrated.
I bought these because the balls in the photo are an assortment of colors and I liked the tones as well because they matched the theme of my daughter's party. The color tones are not like the picture--they are pure primary colors. And every ball is the same--there is not an assortment. Sending back and no time to order new to match everything else I have.
Packaging was mangled I should've known to not even open it. Now they want me to repackage and send back. What a joke
Does not do the work. It tried and it is weak for me. This product cannot make you loose weight or be slim. I'm returning it.
this is way too small for adults.
Shirt wore out and seems ran after 1 wash.
Bought one in June 2017 and it stopped working in December 2017. I reached out to customer service two times and they would not respond back. The company seems to care at first sending messages after the purchase but that is only for a favorable review, but after that they are non existent. I would use caution before purchasing this item. I took good care of it and it still went out on me after only six months.
Broke after the second throw for the first set, then the second set lasted for 3 - 4 throws. This product is not meant for throwing, perhaps for the under 6 age group tossing, but definitely not for throwing. Super disappointed.
They are too big for me, they just slide down my legs. 8in would be a better length.
Very disappointed. My four sider was broken upon delivery.
I buy these fins all the time as I own a swim school. Sadly one pair came completely ripped down the side. Because I ordered them way in advance, I didn't notice the rip until it was too late to return. I would love for the company to contact me
I bougth 2 of these and after 30 days both are trash. One never got battery charged and didn't work from the first time and the second I used only once and the display got off. Please give my money back! It will be a pleasure to send both back to the seller.
This listing only has fake reviews. Beware.
Used it twice and the plastic clip that holds the strap snapped off. Useless now. Haven't received a response from customer service. 5 months later, still no response. Terrible.
Never received a package and haven't gotten an answer back
Poorly made. Lasted less than a month before bottom clip broke off in a mild wind.
Camera does not even turn on. Total trash. I had to run to bass pro shops just to buy a new camera on my way out to my hunting spot.
This item was fake beware
Dumbest thing my husband ever bought for me and very unsanitary. He meant well.
Very poor manufacturing. Screw holes do not align well with Garmin Vivosmart HR device. Had to use super glue to maintain connection. Would not recommend for replacement band.
I purchased this even though I had read through the reviews and there was lot of issues with it turning on. I was hoping I would be one of the lucky ones but it was not to be. Similar issue as others have described. I cannot get the laser to turn on most of the time and when it does it goes off on the first cock. I'm convinced it's a battery contact issue but after many attempts it's going back!
My husband bought these in December 2018. By March of 2019 the inside of the gloves were broken and needed to be replaced.
Very well built product size isn't accurate bought a large need a medium instead but oh well it was only $10 I'll buy the right size
Product did not work and did not stick to my body.
The edge on this band irritates the wrist. Have bought a dozen or more different bands. Never experienced this before.
This will NOT work to mount horizontally with a sport track system. The first picture shows the base of the pole holder on the bottom. This will not work as the locks are on the bottom.
Do not buy this. It is no where near silent and when I returned it they charged me over 7 dollars return and restocking fee on the back end. I will never purchase anything from this seller again
Poor Quality control. This item has a manufacturing defect.The center cap that holds the pin is drilled off center. (see attached pictures) This causes the pin to be off-center in the bore and, if used as intended would break or bend the pin. Ordered the LEE decapping die, it works well so far.
This mat is really small.
The envelope arrived empty! It was opened and the item was missing
I wish I could post pictures because you all would be just as annoyed and never be fooled. The box came as if it was thrown around. The base that holds the electronics was broken. The bottom front of the machine was cracked. Not a single good thing to say. Well it came 2 days early!
These say mint but most are scratched all over and there are several cracked. Mixed value = range balls.
In the description it says 12 pack assorted colors when I received the package there was only one.
Cup is super narrow, did not fit me at all.
DO NOT BUY, Motor issue , trips braker right away hold time for support is over 40 min useless , its been almost a month and still i have a useless product getting it returned
Never received this item! I have let amazon know twice and have. It received a refund yet.
It never came in the mail I never got it and they charge me
Loved it initially but it caused the allergic reaction everyone else is reporting. I really love the design though. Just needs better quality metal. It's also notable that I'm not allergic to anything.
I bought this band approximately 10 months ago. I don't do anything crazy with my fitbit, and I'm generally not overly hard on things. However, this band has broken. The company reports that they back this product with a 12 month warranty and to contact them directly for replacement. They specifically ask that you go through the "contact seller" link on your order page. Guess what, their contact link is missing and not existent. They proclaim to back their product, but in fact have no intention of doing so. Keep shopping for another product and a company with better customer service.
I was really hopeful that these would cut down on glare for night driving, which becomes increasingly problematic as I get older and my eyesight gets worse. However, they did nothing but turn everything yellow, and to make matters worse, something about that yellow color made me nauseous. It was a miserable experience.
Rarely if ever do I have such negative feelings about a product as I do with this heart monitor. First - it is near to impossible to find the side buttons in order to change the function. There is no marking on the side (two functions on each side.) One has to depress the hidden button, just at the right place with the correct pressure in order for the function to be initiated. Second, in order for the monitor to register my heart rate it has to be put on extremely snug and this pressure hurts my wrist . Third, I seriously am frustrated by the fact that I have to keep my arm quite high in order for the registry be made. Four, contact is made and the registry begins noting my heart rate. For some reason it looses contact and my rate will either jump up or down. Five, I have trouble for the watch to keep a charge for more than an hour or so.
Wheel fell off after one month don't buy.
I do not recommend anyone to buy this product.
I bought two of these --- black and red. Liked that it kept the phone secure. However, when it's time to use this, it was nearly impossible to get anything done and I've had to take it out of the case. So what it is to me is just to have something to put the phone in, but forget about the ability to do the normal functions of the phone while it is in the case.
Very poor quality- inside zipper BROKEN ! Horrible cigar like odor throughout bag. DON'T waste your money on this bag! Cheap cheap junk!
Went to wear them for the first time they were ripped all along the seam. Not worth the money
It works but for every pump it only increases the pressure by 50 psi and it supposed to be able to withstand 4000 PSI if you do the math that's 80 pumps and each time you pump it's quite difficult And also the quick connect is very difficult to release I have to get a flat head screwdriver and it's only at 2000 psi I can't imagine what it would be like in 4000 PSI
I bought this Fitbit to track my swimming workouts. According to the description it can go under water and track swimming workouts. I don't see swimming as an optional activity to track.
I never received it.
This fitness tracker stopped working after a week. It wouldn't charge either.
Tapes open easily after a week of using them, I'm disappointed.
This mat moves and stretches when going from pose to pose. Should not be sold as a yoga mat - I had to go to a sporting good store and buy another mat.
I haven't received the hat.
When I received this item you could tell that it was previously returned and repackaged. It was supposed to be new. Mine has a manufacturing defect. The pins provided to hold down the net do not fit in the holes as specified in the directions I can't return because I'm a few days past my return window.
Really hurt my feet. I gave it time and couldn't handle the pain. 3rd party vendor wouldn't refund my money. I think they're scammers. Amazon was awesome, they actually refunded my money as a gift card. I'm pleased they did this.
The handle bar L joint didn't work and I have to send the whole bike back. Directions aren't all that user friendly.
At first glance, these looked wonderful. First things first, they are extremely hard to get pulled up. It's like trying to get a cooked sausage back in it's casing. Second, my nails which are short poked holes and caused runs. This was from the struggle of getting them on. Third, there's little to no compression in the foot part. Lastly, they're really long. They go ALL the way up if you know what I mean. The fact that I ran out of leg is why they stopped, which interfers with compression. It does say I can return them no matter what, but at this point of rips and getting foot stains from floor and shoes, it's not worth my time or effort. Afterall, I am on a swollen ankle/foot. Im new to edema. I thought this was a sound purchase, boy was I wrong.
***EDIT*** So after having this tracker for less than two months it has completely gone haywire on me. Never showered with it so it has nothing to do with water, kept it charged when needed and it still broke on me. Now it goes off on it's own without touching the screen. Even with the settings set to go off only when touched. Sometimes it won't turn on at all. When it does, it goes through all the programs and randomly starts hikes or runs without the command. It doesnt track steps correctly as I wore it and a fitbit on my other wrist. It counts two steps instead of one. It does not properly record sleep as it thinks just sitting on the couch watching a movie is light sleep. Highly disappointed in the product. I guess I'll just have to toss it and move on. The company does not answer any questions nor emails. Very upset over it. ****** Finding it is not accurately hitting my sleeping patterns as it is using my laying down as light sleep instead of me actual sleeping, but I will continue to keep my eye on it and update when necessary. The app is easy to use, but I find it has a hard time configuring with the watch whenever I'm off of wifi and back on. The battery life is AMAZING! Charged it once when I received it and it is still going strong.
This product didn't last a week I couldn't even give zero stars
Had mine 2 years and it locked up and fried.Gave it a new home,the city dump,but what do expect from China.
Item was never received and seller will not respond.
This thing worked great for the first week. But when it came time to charge it, it stopped working. Won't charge no matter what I do. Really disappointed.
Cue bad was not round and warped ....will not roll straight .DONT WASTE MONEY OR TIME TO HAVE TO RETURN BAD PRODUCT
Too wide. Had to cut and sew to make more like an 11/4 inch s
It makes you sweat but didn't know it had latex in it Cause that's the only thing I'm allergic to made my back break out and itch bad
Causes the x button to get stuck at least when in use with a face plate from the same company. Don't buy.
This thing is a piece of crap and not worth the money you pay for it! I like the style but the material and workmanship is awful. Mine came with a few pretty big nicks. And like other have said the cup holder cork like material is not even cut the right size for the hole and not glued down. The whole thing is a mess! DO NOT BUY!!
already snapped 2 bands on one of the sets and I have only used it a handful of times.... I'll be looking to buy a different brand on my next purchase
Quality and fabric is really bad
Does not track sleep. I will be returning item.
Item did not show up on time. I had to rush out and buy another - vender won't accept returns, even though it was never opened.
There is only one and for the price you can find others online that cone with 2. Very disappointed since the photos show 2.
Bought these for my 4 yr old & really disappointed.
First light worked only for several minutes, then quit. No matter how much I charged it, it would only work for several minutes. I exchanged for a new one. The new one worked fine for three hours. After an adequate re-charge, per instructions, it (like the first one) ran for less than a minute before quitting. I tried several charges and each time it ran only for less than a minute (or just a few seconds). This is not the Lezyne that I thought I knew, as previous products I purchased were excellent.
Not as strong as advertised. Already got the return label. Product gives during stretch, supposed to hold firm while stretching, not act like a balance squishy. I'm not a huge guy, just 6'1, 230, and this does not hold like the one's at the gym do.
This feeder didn't work at all. Birds came, the camera was fully charged and on, no pictures were taken. Very disappointed, and should have read the other reviews first. Returning this item.
It worked for a day then it would not turn on very displeased about it
DO NOT BUY. It will never get to your house I ordered mine in November 2017 it's is now January 2nd 2018 and I still haven't received this item
The decal itself looks great. However, as it got hotter throughout the day I found that it was sliding down my car because the adhesive was melting. I finally just took it off and it left a bunch of adhesive residue on my car! Not happy!
I have tried many detergents for my running gear and this is by far the worst. In an attempt to try and find a different, and better, detergent I decided to give this brand a try. After two long cycle washes with more than the recommended amount of detergent my running clothes smelled as if they had not been washed at all. Significantly inferior to other brands I have used.
I order the three pack combo but when I opened it up there was only 2 clothes in it! I'm missing the green one. The one I wanted the most! The product is good but at least but all 3 in the package.
Terrible fit. Kept slipping out of my Apple Series 1 watch.
Never received product, amazon refunded me and is addressing issue. I think its a scam.
I'd love to change this review. I have used this product in my physical therapist's office but have not opened the one I ordered through Amazon. The "I hate it" refers to finding no way on the Amazon website to return this item. It is unused and unopened. Thanks, Andrew Thompson
Used once and the balls split open. Waste of money and have to pay shipping to return.
Very cheap material. No recommended
1 month into school and this bookbag is peeling and ripping at the bottom and i bought 2 of them price too high for piece of junk
Did not as advertised, kept loosing the signal with a S5 phone and kept reporting the unit was not in the water. returned the unit for a refund.
I've used and loved NATHAN water bottles for years, I probably owned 5 or 6. I ordered this smaller size to use at the gym, but the cap seemed to pop off for no reason. I ordered a replacement, which seemed better at first, but the same happened after only 2 weeks of usage - resulting in water leaking into the seats of my car. Really upset the quality has become so terrible. Onto the next brand.
While I loved the look and feel of this mat, the incredibly strong smell of rubber is still too overwhelmingly strong to be able to use even after 6 months, multiple washing with numerous products, and airing in the direct sun for months. It's a real waste of money, not to mention irritation.
I thought I was purchasing a good product I already own but apparently the quality of this product has gone down hill significantly. I've worn them about 5 times and have decided to throw them away. There is not enough elasticity in the heel/ankle area and they constantly slide down and expose the back of my ankle to my gym shoe which is a pain. So, I either get blisters or bend down and fix my sock when I feel them sliding down... not exactly what I'm looking for in an athletic sock - messed up enough runs that I'm literally putting them in the garbage. Buyer Beware - poor quality.
I bought these gloves for a hunting/rafting trip in Alaska this past fall. I took a shot on these inexpensive gloves based on the reviews. I shouldn't have. My trip lasted 22 days and the gloves blew out on day 2. The seams ripped out on both gloves. Thanks to gorilla tape I was able to make them work as it was below freezing most days. By the end of the trip I wore holes in the palms of both gloves from rowing the raft. I understand I put them through a serious torture test but these gloves failed miserably. They wouldn't last a year under light occasional use. Very poor quality glove.
These balls are not fit for playing tennis. They are really soft, and they don't bounce. I think these are intended for dogs to play fetch.
Give me a break. Nothing like being badgered to provide a review of a purchase practically within moments of receiving it. I have absolutely no idea if I am satisfied yet and will likely take a while. Since you wanted something, deal with it.
This product had great potential but fell short during everyday use. The graphics were awesome, but rubbed off after the second cleaning. Furthermore the lid will not stay shut so be prepared for all the contents to spill out everywhere if it falls over.
I'm pretty disappointed with this rowing machine. Apparently after researching more, there is no way to adjust the resistance? I feel like my arms don't do any work at all! It is super loud and the chain is baggy, almost like if you pull it wrong it will just fall off.
Cracked after a week.
The step tracker seems accurate, but the calories burned counter is a joke. According to this device I burn an average of 68 calories a day. I'm not an Olympian, but I think I burn more calories than that. Other: It's very hard to figure out the settings on this. The strap is rigid, uncomfortable. I should have bought another Fitbit which is what I will have to do now anyway after wasting money on this.
I realize the size of the book is in the description, but the pictures do not prepare you for how small the spaces on the inside are on which you record information. Terrible. I gave them away and just made my own using an 8 1/2 x 5 1/2 inch 3-ring binder, mini hole punch, and free printable journal pages I found through a Google search. It's too bad because these tracking pages had just what I wanted to record.
I tried it on once for about 30 seconds and it already shows worn marks. Make out of extremely cheap material similar to cardboard.
Cute but does not spray 😩
Ran it through the dishwasher before using it the first time and it completely warped and isn't useable.
Packaging was a complete joke I received them broken!!!
Crossbones should not be made with plastic parts.
Seller does not include all items in package which was advertised as 2 pairs of leggings and does not give discount percentage when checking out. my package only came with 1 pair of leggings
Isn't what I expect, I ordered a black, came in as a silver! Sucks because we were already waiting long enough to get it, only to be disappointed more to receive something we didn't even choose!
Junk! Ripped before it actually went over the bat handle. Don't bother
When I found this product on Amazon it showed a 454 gram container. What I received was 78 gram. Be sure to read the fine print. Very misleading.
Not true to size. My husband is a size 9 and it couldn't even go past his knuckle. He forced it on because it does stretch due to it being silicon, but it was cutting the circulation off on his finger so it was useless. I did like the durability of it and ordered a size 11 the same day. Unfortunate that the size 9 was extremely too tight.
The product description should be changed, these are NOT snap caps and using them as such ruines them after only a few shots. I would never have ordered if the product description was correct.
Great instructions. Easy to install (other than the holes not lining up) . Quality isn't what you'd expect. The clip holes didn't line up with the slip cap holes but I tried to install it anyway... don't try to do that. Almost got this stuck on my gun. The cheap bit included striped out as well. Don't waste your money, just buy a holster. I had a weird feeling about this product and now I'm out the money I spent on it
Delivered this Christmas present in the Spikeball box, no amazon box to cover the spikeball. My son saw it as soon as the delivery guy dropped it off. Amazon needs to be smarter than this if they want all of us to shop online for Christmas presents!
The concept is wonderful. I love how stylish it is. However, it doesn't work well. It basically ruined the buttons on my blaze to the point where I had to call Fitbit support to walk through a hard reset for my blaze. They blaze works well in other bands but this one is way too tight. It may be a defect of the one I received.
I received the wrong product, it was a nail grooming kit and I ordered a knife. This is ridiculous!
Not a Cold Steel product, axe head was made in Taiwan.
too hard to fit. will buy a different one. followed all instructions and it still wont fit . not worth it.
Good to look at but my kids got so many splinters from the fiberglass handles. The connectors didn't last long on couple of them either and ribbons came off. Took about a month to arrive cause it's shipped from China!
They fog tooooo much! Waste of money. Also they leak a lot. Made so many adjustments to the strap but after some time the leak is back. Very very annoying.
The product was okay at first. I thought I actually liked it. Now I know I made a huge mistake buying this. Ithe size I purchased fit perfectly! I was actually surprised when I put it on the first time. But after a few wears its started rolling and creasing leaving very unattractive bulges. Also it gave me a very uncomfortable rash. There's a red print all around my stomach and back and it stings so bad. I would not recommend buying this. I wish I would have noticed how bad it was sooner so I could return it. I will not be using this product again.
This review is based off of the delivery itself and nothing of the rod or reel, as I know nothing about fishing. I ordered as a gift to my husband for our anniversary. The rod was poorly wrapped with nothing placed as a precaution or protection during the shipping process. The rod arrived broken and now I have nothing to give to my husband on our anniversary tomorrow. Super bummed.
The color online is misleading to what I actually received. The tag on the product does say turquoise/green tough. Does look like a quality pad though.
I took these new clubs to the driving range and used the driver to hit balls. I hit three balls and on the fourth ball the driver club head broke off. Precise is not responding to my emails for replacement.
My son refuses to use these. When your on the blocks, bent over, you can see through the butt on these shorts.
The pretty purple/pink finish rubbed off on the 2nd day. Now it is just ugly.
As in the headline - these rings are fine, they work as advertised. My major problem is with this company and the annoying emails they send after you purchase the product. It's bad enough that I get 2 emails from amazon every time I buy something, but add on >5 emails from this company and I'm seriously annoyed. Zero stars for being an annoyance to my inbox which is far more important to me than whether your product works.
This is about as stretchy as an underarmor shirt. Next to zero compression, absolutely useless.
Never recieved product!
If I can give zero stars I would, probably gonna cancel prime also. Amazon service and quality is horrible. Returned item and will not refund. Asked for defective item back and they won't sent it, asked for replacement (within allowed timeframe) and they won't replace. Cheap Chinese crap. You get what you pay for.
I purchased 2. They were in totally different packaging. One was fine. The other had different physical dimensions and the top did not screw on properly. So if it seems like it doesn't fit and you think it is you, it isn't. I sent it back.
The socks I was sent were balled up in a plastic bag and taped closed. When I opened them I could smell detergent and they were clearly USED! They are frayed the compression z is almost washed away and the soles are discolored. I am so disgusted. These went straight in the trash. Not happy. Buyer beware.
Keeped it as a bus. Cheap pieces of crap fell apart after less then 1000 rounds
The packaging says it's for a glock 26, but when I put my glock 26 in it, it wouldn't go down far enough for the trigger lock to catch. It comes right out of the holster. Not good.
Zipper broke after first use.
Ordered this product and it was damaged due to inadequate packaging. Requested an exchange and the exchanged product was also damaged due to inadequate packaging
The watch came today. The packaging was nice, and I had high hopes for this watch. Unfortunately, it does not work. I pressed the screen to turn it on as the instructions direct, and half the screen is blinking. Disappointed that I'll have to return it.
The scope would not tighten enough to the rail. Returned and would not recommend.
The clips on the flag continue to fall off. When I give them to the AR's the clips have fallen off then the flag falls off the handle. Watching an AR running trying to put the flag back on the handle was not what I was looking for. No option to return. Now that I have lost all of the clips; not sure what to do. Total waste of $10 :)
Worked for less than 2 hrs and now won't come on at all, complete garbage! Wasted an hour installing it and $30 and now can't return it because the 30 days has elapsed. Won't buy anything made by this company
Seemed ok but after 4 months the drag is worn out. I did not use it much even and caught a couple dozen fish but after 2 30 in redfish the drag and has to be replaced. I recommend you do not buy this they need more work.
Not 18” tall as advertised. They measure 16” and the soles are very soft. Not good for shoveling. I sent them back.
Didn't fit (too big) and broke after one day of wearing.
The bands are not true to size. I am a personal trainer and use these types of bands often. These bands were too big and won't work for any size person because the resistance is not enough.
Does not stay in place
Got it strung and started to fall apart didnt even get to shoot it once
This sinks in my opinion and runs off quickly.
I ordered this product to lock my trail camera .what I received was a bright orange box with a clear lid.So I contacted Amazon to get my order they said they would fix it . Then they sent me another orange box. Then tell me I can't get the lock I wanted to go somewhere else. I had plan to order a scope for my rifle I think I'll go somewhere else
not good for really windy days absolutely no waterproofing, Probably a good glove for the breezy spring day.
Was excited initially and installed the light and went to the shooting range and laser won't stay on sight and flashlight suddenly won't work after firing my gun. Had to return and get refund
Wears weird, doesn't stay very centered on your back and rides high.
Didn't work for me, we bought it to help get fish off for my daughters fishing tournaments , it didn't work at all. We tried several times. Wasted money for us.
This elbow brace was too big and I didn't want to try a smaller size due to having to pay for a return. I had no option to get a different size so it would have been a new order. I can't comment of any of the questions. It looks like it might be a nice brace if it fit.
These are great pellets for my gun. DON'T order from Amazon. Picture is how they arrived. More then half the pellets are damaged (flat spots). Even the tin is dented up. Piss poor packaging. Exactly what I've come to expect from Amazon.
I have used this product several times before buying it from amazon. My experience with the product itself is excellent and I regard it as one of the best options for shooting sticks out there. The reason for the bad review currently is the 2 different units that I have received. The first one I received looked new and still in the blister pack top. Once I took it out I found that sand was literally packed into all of the mechanisms. Very hard to turn the top assembly and the legs did not drop freely when I pulled the trigger. I packaged back up and requested a replacement from Amazon. The second one came to me and although it still had the blister pack on top, the legs were all marked up and one was bent. No signs of sand in the mechanism of this one but overall condition was poor. I have requested another replacement from Amazon and will update this review once it is received. Again, my low rating of the product has to do with the condition I received it in, twice. I rarely have issues with ordering from Amazon and it has always been replaced right the first time. Hoping for a working item in new condition the third time and if not I will look elsewhere.
Difficult to put on you have to hold one side before you stick it together
The splitter worked fine, and does what it says but within a week of owning it the earphone port stopped working. Purchase at your own risk.
This was used. I know I bought it used. But it's barely useable. Rips and tears. Broken parts. Not so cool to sell it like that. And packaged so badly I looked for the parts for an hour before attempting to put together.
I have yet to receive the product but ranking 1 star for now as I purchased the mat and sling together by adding both to cart as noted in the promotion. Yet I was charged for the sling.
These are so bulky and wide that i cannot ise Them. The loops themselves are wide also. Nothing like I was expecting. If you're looking for a thick and heavy duty band then you'll love these!
They shipped a table of similar weight that I carried up two flights of stairs and unpacked.
Paid extra for Bruins team & was shipped a game with Red wings and Maple Leaf players. Amazon says ship back and re order .... too late for gifting. Frustrating.
Product broke after the 1st use. We used this one time to air up 2 soccer balls and that's all it did. Half way thru the 2nd ball the black disk inside the clear tube got stuck and we couldn't use after. There is no way to open the pump to "unstick" the disk either. Believe me, I tried.
It said it has came.. but it really hasnt came..
Took it out of the box and it had a rattle to it,charged it anyway. Turned it on it worked for maybe a second and then the motor seized and just stopped
This broke into 3 pieces on the first spring we tried to pull.
I had it for one week and it wouldn't charge anymore. I sent it back and bought a Fitbit!
I requested a return because the item is damaged and no one has come to pick it up. Please advise.
It's way to small.. not as big as shown.
I was really excited to get so many resistance levels with this pack, but the Light resistance band began tearing only after 4 uses.
Didn't seem to work for me. I wish I could get my money back.
Look at the picture-there are only 5 dice in the package-not cool.
Wouldn't charge after 1 week of use. Very disappointing. Do not purchase this. I tried everything. Just a piece of junk. Spend the extra 15$ and buy the name brand one.
I was recived empty envelop. What happened guys ??? Where is my order?
Expected more merino wool in the mix. The sock materials felt very rough, not as soft as previous socks of the same brand.
I ordered this a while ago, even using prime it took over a month to get here, now that I finally got it, I only receved 6 of the 12! Im a little upset. It's still funny, but would not recomend for someone who needs foam quick and in bulk like i do.
Disappointed! The band is very thick/itchy and they sent me a pink screen protector when in the picture it appears black. Don't waste your money, especially on the hyper grape band. If I could give this product 0 stars I would.
This thing is useless in a semi-automatic...does not chamber correctly and does not allow the slide to into battery.
Sound is not working
Packaging was horrible. The box is in rough shape should get a discount for this
Went to the concert found out it's fake.
Do not buy this before reading most recent reviews. As said in many reviews, it smells and also sheds a ton, if you plan on washing. I'm not sure how the reviews give it almost 5 of 5 stars... I feel like what you get vs what is advertised is misleading..
Blade pivot screw started loosening and backing out after about 6 months. Today it backed completely out and fell apart. A screw that holds the clip also backed out. Not sure if i'll keep messing with it or order a better knife. Buyer beware.
The logo is terrible. The logo missing one of the eyes and everything about it is just off. Also purchased an adjustable back in the pictures it's clearly not velcro however that is what I received. Just poor quality all around. Will not let me return.
I've used this stand about a dozen times total and the last time I noticed the top had come apart (probably melted from the heat of the barrel.) I've put duct tape on it for the meantime but the material should be able to hold up better considering this is exactly what it was designed for.
I bought this few days ago and used it twice. Left and right side of the net already ripped. The frame is good and easy to assemble. Netting needs a lot of work. I have been a fan of Franklin over 2 decades but the netting on this item is bad. It shouldnt rip after 2 use. Franklin think twice before selling garage netting like this. DO NOT BUY NET WILL RIP RIGHT AWAY!
I am sending back this mattress as I am very disappointed in the performance of this product. It sinks in the middle and is generally very uncomfortable as there isn't much support. Very disappointed.
My son loved it and it fit well. However, we followed the directions to use the numbers and it RUINED the jersey on Christmas morning. First, the letters wouldn't stick and kept coming up, then once they began to stick, we tried to remove the paper backing and it peeled up the letters. Awful! I have written to Franklin Sports so we'll see if they bother answering. If not, will have to take it up with Amazon. Buyer beware of the number iron-on.
Ball is not round it is egg or oval shaped. Can not use, returning, disappointed.
Did not like it . Loop came of the clip in 1 month. Quality of the product is bad.
This product is made of chap material and if dropped you will not get it to shine down the barrel properly.
Sadly the dice are poorly made, uneven, and roll badly. They look good but are not practical to use, especially for the price. Engravings are off center and looks like they were made quickly.
Bought the first one was good no issues, bought the second 1 YEAR later and brass exposed on the inside scratched a new slide. Got an email from the company asking about purchase. Told them what happened and they said you must have got one of our old ones before we fixed that, 1 YEAR later. They said they would send a new one after I told them I threw it away because of how upset I was. One month later and nothing, don't waist your time or money hey have no integrity.
Can't tell you if this item is good because it never showed up! Already 4 day past delivery date and had to get other ones before the game. Contacted seller and gave excuses and gave me a tracking link that goes nowhere.
I purchased this for my 75 lb 9 year old son. We broke it in per on line suggestions and the bat lasted 14 months almost to the day, 2 months out of warranty. The bat had a nice pop to begin with but quickly faded. Keep in mind the bat was used for maybe 5 months out of the 14 months of ownership. The bat was purchased in january of 18 and it cracked at his first game in March of 19. Since it was essentially junk we wanted to see how long it would last after the crack. It took roughly 100 hits in practice to crack the bat in half.
My blue one only lasted a few days over one month. Started wearing our at the bottom rather early.
I received the wrong size. I ordered a medium and got a Large size.
The battery is charging after one week of use
Lots of names missing and miss spellings.
Arrived with both caps crushed in. See pics.
Product didn't even come in it's proper box, just a plastic bag. Also, it didn't work
This holster is very nice but it's a left side only. The description didn't specify the side for use.
It doesn't fit my costas, and you can't return the product. If I could give 0 stars I would.
It doesn't work well. Buy electronic one.
The size was off, I usually wear a lrg. or x-lrg. But this was snug I wanted to order larger but was sold out.
Purchased two pairs and one pair came without the liner. Price is great if you get what you pay for. Won't buy from this seller again.
Much too small; not designed for 'manly' hands.
This is not a heavy duty net!, It is a Thin and Light net. Not as Advertised
said it was delivered and never received it in mail.
Older version was 5 stars. This version is of lower quality. Width is shorter, velcro closure is garbage and it wrinkles after wash.
I ordered the QALO women's LILAC wedding band in a size 4. I got a BLACK wedding band in a size 7. So I can't even use it since all of my fingers are was too small. worst purchase ever
Something is not right with these bbs, I have tried them in 2 expensive guns and neither of them would fire then more than 10 foot, and they jammed up my clips.
My son was so excited to get these. They are listed as series 1 Finding Dory and I received series 2 crystal Finding Dory. I was very disappointed that they were not the series that I ordered!
I received the box and the part between the base and the seat was not enclosed. I reached out to the company and they do not carry parts so I have to exchange. I do not know if I will re-purchase this.
I used a 36” goldenrod in a 280 cubic foot concrete wall safe and it did not lower the humidity level by a single percent. The product is rated for up to 500 cubic feet.
I should have returned these but I missed the return window. These bands are so tight and don't stretch. Do not purchase. The return window is a month if you do order.
The quality of the jersey is too bad, it is a copy, a waste of money.
I should have believed the reviews. After 31 days nothing on this box works. $72 up a wild hogs behind.
Came apart after 3 wash cycles
Does not perform as expected.
Only one of my CD worked the others did not do not waste your money buying I was very upset
Arrived scratched and looked used. Water leakage.. horrible
Except for clock, nothing works. This do not count steps as expected. Resets the steps count by itself randomly. I don't understand how were the ratings very positive for this device. But for me, this did not work.
Item did not fit the gun. Had to force it in, and pull hard to get out.
The device worked pretty well the first few times I used it. Since then, it will connect around the 6th hole and lose it again before I even finish the hole. I had the first generation model that worked perfectly every time I used it. The Voice 2 not a reliable product.
Not warm for New York City the winter(in teens) Touchscreen didn't work. But did fit
Advertised as splatter doesn't show marks like a conventional splatter ( looks like just a hole, no bright tears around hole) Fun image but no better than paper at any distance
Missing piece called customer service not open, amazon said call back.. got no where with anyone ..got all the way to the end and cant finish it so frustrating ..
Bought this for my teenager and it is way too big. This would fit a Large head.
Brush came apart within a week of light use ... ALL OVER MY LINING... ordered replacement brushes from Tandy
This product is horrible. It didn't work at all. The button to hold it in place doesn't lock at all and it just slides down defeating the purpose entirely. This is a horrible made item. I wish I would have read the reviews first. Unfortunately I've missed my return window by one day so now I'm stuck with this piece of junk.
This backpack ripped after a 3 days!
Bought one for my daughter's birthday. It came and the body separated. Replacement was sent, I went to wash it and dropped it on my kitchen counter accidentally and the body seperated and it broke. Super sad.
Pro-Liked the flat stairs instead of just a bar. Con-It started rusting within a week. Returned and purchased from another company.
Will be returning item, don't want to try it, very poorly made, inside the plastic whatever paper, wrapping paper wrapped around looks very sloppy, all wrinkled. I wouldn't give something like to anyone as a gift.
Never received package supposedly left outside door never received it
Awfully refinished balls , blobs of paint on every ball. Some balls the paint had almost covered in the dimples.
The bag did NOT come with a shoulder strap which is what I paid for. When I contacted Ova (the seller) and left a voicemail with my concern (because I wanted a shoulder strap sent to me), no one from the business called me back. I will never buy from this seller again.
Didn't work. When I hooked it to my front left belt loop it didn't record anything. Then I hooked it to my very left-most loop and walked a route which I know to be 3 miles on several occasions and it only registered about a third of my steps. And one day it just reset itself - zeros on everything
The item came to me in an undamaged UPS box. The items box inside the ups box was badly damaged. The damage was supposedly inspected by amazon before shipment. At least the sticker from amazon claims this. i Think they hired someone that doesn't care about there job. You could feel the damage through the ripped hole in the box. Second time now amazons inspections have failed me. Im waiting on a new replacement i hope this one makes it undamaged.
I've had this watch for a few months. It worked fine until recently when the battery got low and I put it on the charger. It would not take the charge. I took it to a jeweler who told me it is not a battery but an electrode that charges it. There is not any instruction anywhere in the manual or on the box on how to contact customer service for replacement or repair. So it seems like a dead end. I wrote to Amazon about it but have gotten no reply. Don't buy! Weeks after writing this review, I finally got a replacement watch. But it took multiple attempts to get the replacement. I am hoping the first faulty watch was just a fluke and this one will continue to work fine.
I'm disappointed. We've had several water bottles and was looking for non plastic light bottle for my preschoolers can use at school. The bottle leaks. I bought two of them and both leak even when screwed on evenly and tightly they both leak either through the main opening or through the built in store. The kids bags are always soaked! I just wasted a lot of money because these need to be tossed out.
It was broke went it get to me so i didn't use it i have to throw it out.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. When I got the band and attempted to put my Fitbit device into the frame, it was a snug fit and took some pressure to get it to sit properly. Upon taking the Fitbit device out of the frame, all 3 of the buttons were broken. Now, when pressing one of the buttons on the side of the device, it no longer registers that a button is being push. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
The product was delivered with the card board holder cut in two so the football could not be displayed in the packaging and without the Sharpe pen. I wanted to return it but needed it to get players signatures the next day. Straight Bush League service. I have purchased a lot of balls and this was the first time I've had this kind of poor service.
I was salt water fishing for 3 days and I bought this line for my trip. After losing 4 fish and my lures I removed the line and it appeared to be rotted. It would snap just tying a knot. Not pleased that I wasted a day and fish in the cooler with this product. It has to be old.
DON"T DO IT. If you think you need this just through the money out your car window while driving down the highway. This is crap and its my fault for not reading carefully.
Pokey and scratchy... DO NOT BUY
Popped within a month of getting the ball.
The score sheets are missing and the box was completely wrecked
This is not a towel, nor a mat. It's a very light weight large scarf.
Not at all what I expected, need to return it will not work in my situation
It was broken before I took it out of the bag, the spike fell out of the handle and cannot be re-inserted. The company who I purchased it from promised me a refund - HA! I'm still waiting. DO NOT BUY THIS GOLF TOOL ! I wanted to rate it with no stars.
It's really short like only useful for a small child
Did not receive the unicorn cup float holder
The nock and tips consistently fall out after every shot. And it is missing several tips right out of the box.
This product is disappointing in that the red at the top of the snorkel makes it appear to have a filter at the top to keep from coming in. Unfortunately it is just a different color and it is an open tube. For the safety of my kids I want a filter. They immediately started playing with this when it arrived so now it is opened and not returnable.
Nothing t inflate the ball . Not worth buying
We have a ground level trampoline, We have not even had the replacement pad for one year and it already looks terrible. Faded and torn...it looks 20 yrs old! Bought for $65 and thought it should last longer than one season!
Terrible won't stay on Bought two both garbage
This product is terrible. It says hard plastic. It is very flimsy material that bends very easily. I am so disappointed it's being returned. The description is very misleading on the quality. Save yourself the headache and disappointment and don't buy.
Nice fun game, but NOT portable. Can't get it folded back into the bag.
This item was used and scratched
What a piece of s*** product, what a piece of s**** company. Never again. Can't believe I fell for it and actually went through with this purchase. Bottom broke as I placed it on a surface. I guess the cheap plastic couldn't take the pressure of water as I placed it on the table. This happen within 3 days of purchase. Rather use empty gatorade bottles than this useless piece of cheap plastic. Much much much better.
Not true to size. Poor fit and does not provide support.
socks keep sliding into shoes
Did not receive this item and no longer need it.
I have other Kershaw Emerson knives. However this one is NOT up to par on Emerson quality. I've had it a week and it's already falling apart. My other Emerson Kershaw knives have lasted years of hard work.. This one however has screws coming lose, low quality metal, blade only sharpened on one side like a cheap knockoff. The picture on the ad shows the blade sharpened on both sides, however that's not what I received.
Didn't expect to criticize this product, seems fairly fool proof. However, I'm looking at the cones side by side with another similarly priced brand from a local sporting goods store, and the difference is stark. These cones are paper thin, super flimsy, and semi translucent with poor visibility on grass. Total fail for something so basic.
DO NOT BUY! This deflated after 20 mins, even when inflated, it does not stand up completely. The suction on the darts would only stick to a flat sturdy surface, which does not work on a target this is just a flapping thin piece of plastic in the wind. Took two people to get all the air out of this thing so I can fit it back in the box. Waste of my time. Hope Amazon will finally do something about these fake reviews!
They sent me a 30 dollar block target instead of the 140 dollar 3d target how does that happen now i got to go through the crap of returning it, and its goin to take a week for them to get the right one here
The quotation marks on the left are cut off. So if I set it behind the matting and hide the quotation marks, there is still the issue of the quotes on the other end of the saying. It makes it look stupid.
I sent it back. Poorly made
Cash slot it too small and the folded bills get in the way. I wish i could return it. I purchased another one with a larger insert.
We purchased a pair of lights which seemed to work well for a while. After maybe a month later we noticed that one would be off when we reached our destination. It would flash for about a minute and then turn off. Recharging the light did not help. The other one did the same another couple months later. This is unacceptable and unsafe since I depend on the tail light to stay on to alert cars and other cyclists when it is dark.
Some balls was without the number and the cartoon has 2 29 , 1 in b and 1 in N
These are not good for thick thighs. They feel nice if you are just laying in bed, but forget doing a WOD or running in these, top just rolls down like a steamroller on pavement. I will keep them just to rest my knees after my work out. Still looking for that pair that will not roll.
I could only return this item within the first 30 days of receipt. On the 31st day they leaked beads and I could not return them, nor could I use them,
Compared the readings with equipment in the doctor's office. The readings on this tracker was not close to the doctor's equipment and were inconsistent between multiple samples.
This chair was good for a few months, then a small tear started and within months, there are two holes in the material with metal sticking out into my son's back. It's a real shame, he is small and his weight had no contribution to the poor quality of material. I am having a hard time finding out how to contact the manufacturer to request a replacement.
I bought these to wear when I ride my motorcycle. The transition was so light that I didn't even know that they had transitioned. Very misleading pictures.
I don't like it because of the fact it comes loose all the time so it was like a waste my money and it's hard to get on my wrist is stay in the loop
Received this and a piece is already broken. Once again, returning an item to Amazon. Too many vendors and not enough QA is becoming the standard.
Just used it once and it gives me a red, itchy rash which is blistering and very painful. It last for days even i took it off. i should have known it when i opened the parcel. A FUNNY SMELL like chemical material.
What the hell used it a handful of times and just found out by wife that's it fell apart. I would of been okay for it to last 1 season but come on the season just started.
This was my first purchase with Amazon Prime. They shipped the wrong item. I cancelled Amazon Prime.
I never received this item. They never even touched base with me about it. Had to go through Amazon to get money back
I got this to play multiple sports on. First time we played soccer my 6 year old broke the back arcing piece of the goal clean in two. Was not durable or very stable. Would not recommend for anyone over 4 years old.
Could not produce an opinion...never received these items. Todays date is June 9th. can you find out where and when I can accept delivery.!!! Please!!!
Just received this purchase. Upon inspection I notice there was already rust on the hooks. I know overtime it can happen but not right out of the box. Sending these back to get a “new” one. The seats are very thick. When I get my new one hopefully they will hold up.
Tattered after one use. I live 20 minutes from the stadium.
bad product bad customer service.do not buy this product from this seller try to contact 100 times plus have amazon to contact the seller its been a month no response .. i am stuck with this product no body is covering this shit not even amazon or warranty or even seller and its only 6 month old ...
i ordered but did not recieve the product
After trying for an hour, I then read the other reviews with the exact same problem......I then gave up and put it in the bench vise to open the tin (basically destroying it)....there must be better products out there.
The mask is vary small. Would fit a kid or small adult.
when a customer is purchasing a item they go on what they read the ratings and what they see this is not the item I see Nora purchase some days it just doesn't pay to order online
As usual you get what you pay for. These were purchased for my 13 year old son and they are on the small side, do not have a good seal or a comfortable fit. Unfortunately it is too expensive to return so I guess these pool sit at the bottom of our pool toy bin.
I am very disappointed! The item was not in the box! There was only paper in the box, no pool cue!! It was supposed to be a gift for my husband's graduation and he opened an empty box!!
Takes nerve to charge for teeny, tiny trial size, it isn't enough to try it out. Not worth $10.00 much less $20.00, insulting, I certainly learned a lesson ... Probably a good product if the size was large enough.....
Got around to installing the lights, easy enough, but one of them doesn't work. Power all the way to the light...of course it's a week after my return option.
Lasted 3 rides, and then it ripped from the back.
After all the hype about this I got one... What a piece of junk made it through like one range day of light shooting. The glass came loose , battery sucks, and it didn't hold zero that well stay away
They do not fit smaller feet correctly, the material is not comfortable and they're coming unraveled after 2 months of wear.
These balls do not hold up for dogs. My dog chews through them in a day
Got a dozen last night, played for 2 hours next morning and cracked 2 balls. I am going back to my onyx 2's that play very well and seldom break. I will be returning 10 new and 2 broken balls. A waste on money. It may be the flour. green color because they break way faster than yellow. Would give a 0 rating if avail. It has been 1 month and all balls have broken and surprise there is now way to return. blah blah
Very cheaply made. Not worth the price.
After alot of positive reviews I bought two of these and in only 63 days one lost its insulation. The other one is still working fine. Would not buy this product again.
It just doesn't work, not sound and signal, terrible..
I would give zero stars if I could. I have bought several brands in the past and none of them bursted. My oldest child was a colicky baby and I lived on a yoga ball. This (almost new) ball bursted last night while my husband was holding our fussy newborn. It was so scary. Avoid injuries: do not buy!
I followed the instructions and stuck the cling on to my car after cleaning the surface, I also smoothed out the entire cling multiple times to ensure the outside piece would peel off without ripping the actual cling, but that's exactly what happened and I had to throw it away. Waste of money.
didn't receive this order??????????????????????
YOU SENT THR WRONG PRODUCT. WHOEVER SENT THIS PRODUCT SLAPPED THE WRONG TAG ON A CHARGER. VERY UPSET CONSIDERING I CHOSE EXPRESS SHIPPING, WAS GUARANTEED SHIPMENT IN BY YESTERDAY AND NOW WRONG PRODUCT WAS SENT.
One star for speed. Docked four for defective chargers. Please TRIPLE check your items first.
Horrible customer service experience from Speedtalk Mobile. I had bought 4 cards for my kids, and probably used it for about 2 weeks. After 1 year, I finally called customer service to try to cancel all 4 cards at the same time. It took me a few minutes to get to a representative. It took about 1 minute to cancel each line, which was great. But then, when I tried to cancel the 4th one, the rep said, "I can only do 3 accounts per call. You will need to call back." (What??? I waited a long time on the phone and it will only take him 1 more minute to cancel my last line and I have to call back?) Okay, I did... if that's their policy. I called right back, and guess what, the line was picked up immediately by the SAME GUY!!!! And I went thru the process of telling him that I need to cancel the line. He hung up on me!!! (Well, so much for them having a busy time that they cannot even have a minute to deal with me on my first call). So, I dialed back immediately, and was awarded for another 15 minutes of boring music.... Just to have the same guy picked up my call again so that I can finally cancel my line. Not to say that I had an email reminder every 10 minutes for the 10 hours reminding me to refill my card!!!!
I didn't write a review as i wanted to use the device to be able to write an accurate and fair review. Bought this less than a month ago and now the charge never last more than a few hours, the veryfitpro app is limited and also never synced unless you do it manually. Really disappointed, do not waste your time with this. I knew it was too good to be true with a price like this!
Not as pictured in the description. The loop part of the strap (to hold the excess strap) is on the wrong side, making it nearly impossible to put the watch on if your skin is wet. I can't tell if they just screwed up or what, but it's a fatal design flaw. After several frustrating minutes trying to get my watch back on after a shower, I gave up. Really badly made product.
Nike tags, but straight from China?! Seems ok quality, but cannot be real Nike since took over 3 weeks to get to me from China.
Bought this for work. Velcro gave out after two weeks. Now I have to tape it around my waist.
Did not work out of the box, the ear plug line is too short and it did not fit right.
Took 4 ever to get here .. Missing parts no instructions. .. Basically useless
REALLY wanted this to work.... 1 out of 3 worked. sent back.... got 3 more.... 1 out of 3 worked...... frustrating. Of to try something else.
Can't review. Never received after six months.
Balls break way to quickly , I bought six, down to 3 already and haven't owned them very long
Package was late and he had to go to school with out a back pack. I was very disappointed.
So I thought this would work out great but it is missing stickers and not complete. Not happy and will not be ordering again
I don't think this is stainless steel. I bought this for my father and I'm embarrassed to give it to him. He wanted a stainless steal knife and this knife is ok for a boy scout. Small and thin. Doesn't look like it will hold up in durability. I would have returned it but amazon wants to charge $6+ to return. I'll just give it to my nephew in a few years for camping. Do not waste your money!!!! Also, one of the worst features is you have to use your finger to move the lock to collapse the blade. So stupid and cheap.
VERY SMALL IN SIZE NOT AS LISTED AT ALL
This is a multi jointed swim bait, with an awesome look and size however it does not float and it has no movement when pulled through the water. If i could, i would give it zero stars.
One of device's power button doesn't work, and won't turn on. Effort to mail back and pay shipping costs from Guam back to the states is not worth it to get it replaced. But I'd recommend avoiding buying this one at all costs. WASTE OF MONEY.
Fake terrible product
It's pretty but it's cheap. The color rubs off and it's white underneath, may as well have been spray painted. I've had it less than a week.
I bought this product in February and it's completely stopped working after 3 months, not even a new battery will fix it. Completely useless and the return window has closed. Do not buy, believe the reviews!
Worthless garbage. First off, the clip is too stiff and tight. Can't hook it on belt without struggling with it and impossible to remove quickly. The stream is very weak, went only 4 feet and you have to press with your finger very hard. The can does not even list the expiration date so it could be many years old for all I know. Bought a Fox spray instead. Much better. Don't waste your money on this.
Was returned due to the large size
I'm extremely dissapointed with this mat. Its a thin cheap material nothing like the what the reviews said. It weighs maybe 1 pound which tells me it will not last as i brought it strictly for outdoor use. I notice the older reviews from 3-4 years ago talk about how thick and heavy this mat is. I wonder if it was made better back then.
Cant match the focus for both side and its not 30 mag its more like 10 mag, hopefully i can return
I brought the speakers in September and they blew in October. I have a 2000 watt Boss amp that was pushing them and they blew on me! I have a warranty and they said they would replace them with some Pyle speakers 3200 watt 4 ohm speakers. My question is, should I accept the exchange or should I get a refund and buy some better speakers? Help
I wrote a review already, however it was not posted because I had negative comments.
Used it for over a year now and love the size and looks of the blade but it cannot withstand certain conditions. During the winter months I would cut things open and not problem, now I used it one day during a light snow day.. Had to cut a strap off the truck. The next day I needed to use the blade again.. it was covered in rust!!! Wth! Barely opens and it's just us less now. I've never seen this happen before. Earlier the clip came apart as I was placing the knife in my pocket but that's no big deal but come on!
It was larger than what we expected...could put in pocket
Like the bands, however I cant wear one because it has no buckle.
Total waste of money. Pads came right off the first time my son wore his helmet.
Was supposed to ne a DOUBLE EXTRA LARGE. Thanks, Amazon! It was to ne a special treat for Mother's day. I ended up giving it to my husband, it was an extra large, and not the double extra large that I had ordered. Very disappointed.
I returned this umbrella because it arrived later than promised and could not use it for my event. I returned it the next day. Amazon never refunded my money. I called on 3 separate occasions and each time a supervisor said they would process the refund but it never came through on my credit card. I disputed the charge and then I got an email saying their I can't dispute a charge on Amazon or they will cancel my account. Then they RECHARGED my credit card without my permission!!!!
I opened it from the plastic bag it came in and it smelled so bad of cat pee I gagged! I quickly put it back but it was so strong my hands still reeked! 🤢
I only wore these twice a week during back workouts and it's only been two months since I bought these, but they are already falling apart. I would not recommend these to who lift on a regular basis.
Only good thing I can say about these tongue rings are that they arrived fast. The quality is poor and not to mention I got 4 of the same exact design and a couple of the others had 2 of the same. Also, there was two missing. Needless to say I will definitely be returning these.
The cornhole boards came damaged in a giant flimsy box. The product did NOT contain the beanbags and from reading other reviews I doubt I will ever get them even after writing to them about it. Don't waste your money by trying to save a few bucks on these. Spend the extra to get sturdy products that are complete and well packaged.
I loved the look and style of the product! Unfortunatly, after only two weeks of wearing the band the rose gold wore off several spots.
Two of the batteries leaked into the camera system I was using them for. It was good I happened to move the device or it would have eaten up the internals.
I used this product to ensure I stay hydrated
Bought two of these for Christmas, I thought it was great for the money. But less then 2 months using them they both quit working.
I really loved this bottle until, whaddya know, it started leaking from the bottom! What a genius design to have an opening at the bottom of a water bottle! Guess I should've known, but figured I'd trust the design and give it a shot. Reached out to the company and never heard back.
I ordered a women's large but they looked more like a children's large. Way too small. Returned.
Unbelievably Frustrating! One of the arms detached ;Brand new and impossible to reattach.
This thing smells so bad ! Do not attempt to hunt with this pack. Plastic smell does not go away! Beware deer hunters
Washed as directed and the inside fabric shrunk and so it's totally useless. Does not sit well and was a waste of money. I read the positive reviews, when I got it it was great but first cold wash and useless. Save your money. It wasn't inexpensive! I don't mind rolling the dice but it's hugely disappointing.
I got this in the mail today and it came with no rim.... can't hoop without a rim...
Not even close to correctly tracking steps. I contacted the seller and did the requested reboot, etc but here's the thing - if you take less than 30 steps and then stop, the steps aren't counted. If you take less than 100, those steps are DELETED! I'm a teacher, I walk A LOT, but it's stop and go so most of my walking doesn't even count! I'm printing that return label and sending it on it's way back.
Bought this to help me a calf injury, while the price was good I am hesitant to recommend as one of than bands look to it was cut by a 4 yr old. Because of this I am not sure how long the product will last when stretched, the uneven cuts look like they will tear from there and end up with a bunch of short bands.
Unfortunately not what I ordered and not in the right size.
The material is good quality however they roll down no matter how many times I adjust and readjust. And the dots on the top of the stockings meant to help hold them up pulled on my skin and gave me sores. Not happy
This product didn't fit at all, i had to file a ton of material off and still...to no avail. The end of the rear sight ended up getting bent, WHILE using a sight push. I ended up having to just buy another set of sights. I'm very disappointed with this purchase.
Not what I was expecting
The bad is to short to hold my driver and woods in my main bag clubs might get broken in transit with no protection
I purchased this ladder vs others because it came with the Top 20 Agility Drills but there was no eBook or link to an eBook. Also was missing the 4 Metal Stakes. Disappointed because this was needed for an event this week.
This is my second Voice Caddie. The first was great and charged as it should. The second one does not hold a charge and dies by the 12th hole. Not helpful. Looks like my window for a return has expired. VERY UNHAPPY/
I've used the gloves for over a week and already the stitch on thumb came off and coming apart
This product is not what is described. I want to return it but am unable to. Don't waste your money busy something you can't return.
It did not keep hot water hot for 6 hours as advertised. The water became cool after about 2-3 hours.
Absolute worst product ever. I can't believe this is even sold. I will be returning it immediately.
Very cheaply made and didn't work.
This looks good and fits well, but what ever it's made out of, it's not made for human beings. As soon as it got wet from perspiration it reacted badly with my skin which had never happened before with anything else. I will never wear anything from this company again.
It didn't come with the right pieces. 2 pieces for each green, yellow and red resistente.. but not stronger blue and black one. Very disappointed.
This is not what was advertised and is made in China.
This little kit is mostly beads and bobbles. Not much in it worth the price.
Unfortunately this does not work! Plugged in and no air flow. Super disappointed.
Kind of small. There is no clear section to put ID to leave in wallet. You will always have to pull it out of wallet. That's why my husband didn't like it and we returned. Otherwise he did like the OU on the front of it.
Zero stars is why they should have gotten. I got the wrong item after waiting a week for a prime item. Unacceptable Amazon. Unacceptable.
Even though the item description stated that it was compatible with an Android 4.4 or higher, I have a Android 7.1 and it was not compatible with the morepro app..... Very disappointing. Make sure that you can download the app for morepro or h band before you buy it.
Never receive it or any info from company, or refund from company. Rip off!
do not buy , too small, mine fell apart way too soon , cracked and split , be careful
Poor quality, falls apart upon first use. Parts do not fit, and you have to create an account in order to have customer service.
The real is junk the pole is ok would not buy this again
I really debated on purchasing this and read the reviews over and over. It has everything stated but it doesn't work as well as a Fitbit. Returning because it's very generic and doesn't function like a Fitbit.
When I started wearing this product my skin got rash and itched it the area that caused me and irritated spending and getting worst. I don't know why this product has this problem it costs me other money to my the medicine for itching and getting a rash. My skin got pilled when I itched the area and it causing me a lot of problem with this product.
It's too tight to get it out smoothly.
Not at all what he wanted...we will be returning it
Like several other customers, we only received box 1. Five days after receiving it, we still do not have box 2. SO, Amazon's only solution is return and refund. Now, the day before my son's birthday, we are rushing out to stores hoping to find the trampoline we want, for the price we want, and set it up for him to have. I am primarily angry at the company, but Amazon having only the solution of refund is frustrating also. They see the common complaint of only one box being delivered and only one tracking number...Amazon should be addressing the issue of items being sold on their website. There have been several situations where I am going back to buying in stores to avoid this frustration.
This band does not hold up. I have had it for 2 months. It is fraying on the end and on the loops. The fabric stains easily. Very disappointed.
i did not get my product
Do not buy, it will crush your bullets.
Piece of garbage. Netting ripped after a couple days. I have a 25lb 17 month old playing in it and now one of the rods just snapped off.
Just after 2 months since purchase something that was inside moved over and now sits right on the center of the glass making this useless and a $450 paper weight. I Expect more for this price and no way to contact this company.
Fit is a little too snug. As per the reviews I bought the XL (wear a L) and it was tight. Quality seems blah too... Does not feel soft or comfortable.
Leaks all over. Very messy trying to drink while running. Waste of money,
It is broke and you sent the wrong belt
Old man wore it out in a month. I had the same product and used the stuffing out of it thought I would get a new one. Like I said wore it out in less than a month. Super bummed love the old one a lot but they outsourced to many parts Other than that it's great
After sizing, the clamps does not grip the band securely.
These are disgusting, it tastes like you are "smoking" flower scented air freshener. I am very disappointed :( But then again, I'm only out $5 so I really can't complain. I just wanted to like these so I wouldn't have to spend $20+ on mango pods anymore. I'm sure different sellers have better products.
You are supposed to sight in the boresighter itself, before you can sight in your gun. Arrived adjusted a foot off of the target at 10 foot distance. Has 4 set screws to align the laser making it a real pain to set. It takes much less time to sight in a scope itself without the use of this boresighter. Pointless piece of equipment.
Worked for three days then stopped. While it worked, it attracted a ton of fish. Unfortunately, it did not last very long.
I'm a runner, I was looking for a hydration belt that could hold my drink as well as my phone, keys etc. Don't be fooled, the bottle jumps around too much, I hate it, waste of money.
I'm reporting this vendor for stealing range balls for resale. Will not buy again
Packaging or handling is very poor.
These run extremely small and have very cheap elastic stay away
Just didn't clamp well enough. It spun around. I drove a fixed gear. Maybe better for a bike with a winder handlebar
I have a ton of these for sorting hardware. The new version is smaller and incompatible with the old ones. Boxes will no longer stack and the larger bottom bins are now smaller. Nice way to ruin a great product to save a few cents on plastic. Glad I saw this before buying more.
Frozen cup as instructed, bottom split before the first use (after being in the freezer for three hours)
I had to give 1 star 'cause didn't let me write a review without choosing at least one. Watch didn't work properly, maybe was something from factory, maybe not.
I was told it was the wright one for my watch. But it would not work at all. do not buy from this company.
Too large and bulky for both a phone and carry pistol.
I never received it . I ordered 3 back packs and they came but the Adidas Essentials 3 Stripe never arrived . The back packs said they were delivered by the driver and the Adidas said delivered by instructions . I don't know what that means.
Needed product a couple days after it was set to arrive but it was sent to wrong address ended up having to go purchase buckets elsewhere. I had to pay for the shipping to me and back to company I ended up going in the whole dealing with this company
Bought two of these. One broke right out of the box. The other lasted about 6 weeks. Disappointing.
The blind person who packaged my order owes me an apology. Genuinely curious how this even happens?
The balance ball did not come with a plug so after you pumped it up the air came back out!!!
Never received my order. “ lost in shipment “
I received my order damaged, this was going to be a gift and the bingo chips were out of its bag and product looked used. Very unfortunate they have a no return policy!
Send me different style than what I ordered
The sizing chart says ages 6-9 is a Medium.... These shin guard would fit a 3year old!!!! Lol
The description said it was a 40LB flywheel bike but the actual box says 35lb type. did not realize until started to put it together. so frustrated
The roll down before you move, check other options. I measured as suggested, I'm sure I had the right size. They did not work for me, item returned.
Where is My HAT ???? Ordered it A Month Ago !!!!!!
The water bottle is made of thin cheap plastic. Mine came dented and when I tried to pop out the dent the water bottle cracked. Would not recommend.
The ball came with the rope unattached. It looked used. I assume its broken as there is no way to attach the rope.
Sizing is extremely inaccurate
So just got this in the mail, opened it up, charged it for 2 hours. bind it to the phone through the app. Then nothing, it wont track steps, heart rate works for one reading, but one minute it says 93 bpm, the next 48 bpm. I would send it back but would be a waste of time and money to send it back.
Looks good and priced right but this counter is of poor quality. Mine broke after 1 month of light use.
NEVER RECIEVED. SAID DELIVERED BUT NEVER WAS. TRIED CONTACTING PROACTIVE SPORTS BUT NO REPLY. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM.
Light didn't work and EMT sticker fell off right away.
Don't waste your money on this product does not fit on the gun properly cheap cheap cheap
Leaks around the lid. If you care about leaks do not buy.
I would put a sippie spout on the top lid. Its akward to have to have to undo the big top, drink then put it back. The tub also sweats a lot from condensation. Include a bottom with a sweat edge that will catch condensation in future models.
Broke within the first week,
The motor cover projects too far over the treadmill itself and if you are walking and holding on to the handles it is too easy to trip over it. We had to return it to Amazon which has been an ordeal unto itself unfortunately.
Starting to fall apart after a couple months
It says that it is stainless steel, I used it on my boat just once, and went to use it again 3 days later, and it was already full of rust, I guess the stainless steel is poor quality..
Like the look. Can not figure out music function. Instructions are vague at best.
It's lightweight, but a little larger in diameter than I expected. Doesn't work well in my water bottle holder on my bike, which is why I bought it. Return shipping was half the cost of the bottle, so it wasn't worth returning. There are better options available. Keep looking.
Im still unsure. This package came in a bc destroyed box and the socks look le they've been worn. There's even some hairs on them. Ummm....
Only dislike is the part you put your neck on it. That bother the neck
I would give a higher rating, but when a product shows up with missing pieces(missing hand pad) it kinda puts a damper on everything else that went right. Shipping was quick, they fit & were good quality... but like I said, missing pieces.
I caught a mouse, but it was really late at night so I was going to wait until morning to release it. However when I woke up in the morning, I found that the mouse had chewed it's way out.
Like the gloves, comfortable, but I had to return due to a hole in a finger.
it was great for about 3 days until the mag stop wore down and now doesnt stay back when the clip is finished so you end up wasting a ton of air especially in full auto when this happens. Accuracy sucks even in single action. The sights are also off but I couldn't get a grouping for my life. My daisy powerline pistol is 30x more accurate but doesnt feel as real as this. Its a real shame Umarex doesnt recall these or answer you other than saying theres nothing we can do.
It worked for about a day then broke.
I really love the color and how light and stretchy the band is, however, this frame is too big and will not fit the Blaze. Comparing it to my other frames, it looks like its the same size, but my Blaze just falls right thru it, and there is no way it would ever clip to the frame.. Waste of time and money.....
I was disappointed about the size of these. I thought they were bigger than they are.
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and after riding it a few times the lock bar broke and he was so upset. Too late to return since I bought it in August for Christmas.
So apparently the handles that attach to the resistance band are held in place by a little rubber ball inside the tube. Unfortunately, the ends of the tube are open. Why aren't they sealed shut? I tried doing one squat, as directed by the provided instruction manual, and the handle broke off and the little rubber ball shot into the floor and almost hit my foot. I'm 6'2" which isn't too freakishly tall imo and squats are in the guide book! This is a dangerous design flaw. 0/10 recommend! It might still work for the other exercises that don't stretch the band as far, such as half rep bicep curls, but I wouldn't risk it unless you like getting shot in the face ;) I'm sending this piece of garbage back asap and getting one of those cheap ones without the handles or the hidden bullets.
I purchased these as a gift and upset that two of the lights are not working. I know they were inexpensive but I still expect them to arrive functioning. The other two that work are very bright and fit perfectly on my bike.
Nothing fancy. Bought product due to price. Haven't caught anything yet.
As far as accuracy, I'm not sure if this is or not but it quit working twice today and changed my body height and weight by itself and I started a timer for my workout and it didn't even log it! Sending it back.
They were orange not red.
This says it is a 2 pack but I only got 1. Not clear if this was a mistake?
The battery life was ok. The adjustable function is great but the brightness sucked. I used two on a table for 8 outside and could still barely see
There is a center internal divider that limits how you place your BroadHeads.
The socks are gorgeous but the edge cuts into your feet and hurts after a few hours. Maybe four smaller feet than size 9 1/2.
Inaccurate information about the straps. My mom suffered with the straps they don't give her what she needs. I go and try to help my mom and in the end I lost money. I was so mad that I threw it away after receiving it because of accuracy information.
Now I would give it only 1 star as it really does Not keep my hair dry, and I am very unhappy with it
I don't know if what I received was someone else is return or what, but I am disappointed they did not even make the effort to remove the chalk from the rope or the wooden circles. The package was open already and had clear signs of use. I have yet to try them, first impression is that they look sturdy and durable.
The package was left on a small brick wall facing a busy street instead of by the front door where it would not be seen or stolen.
At first I really liked this rest until holes started appearing in my fletchings. I realized that the round metal piece that holds the wire has a sharp edge that will rip the fletch on the arrow. I will try filing it down but now I have multiple arrows to repair, so I would recommend spending a little more to get a better rest.
Just purchased and upon air up, one of the balls has a hole... not a good impression for a brand new purchase. The red ball has no hole, but the blue one just cant handle the pressure.
Gun worked for a little over 30 days, just past the return window :( don't waste your money. Used it for 4 days during that month. Bummer.
Update: Had to return this light. Pressure switch wires broke on install. Recieved another one, same thing. I'm not even bothering with returning this one. Just going to solder it better than the factory. Unfortunately it's a piece of crap. The flash light and the mount and charger seem to be fine but, the pressure tape is flippin garbage. First review:Very bright! Looks to be well made. It's a good deal for sure. 2 rechargeable batteries and a charger! Wow.
Fit sorta baggy around the knees, the fabric is exactly like a wet suit, so good luck running in it. I returned it. Waaaaay to thick to actually exercise in, and doesn't fit snug enough to wear as wet suit shorts. GO NAME BRAND
They lasted 2 times the 3 time the put It broke into pieces so i had to buy a new one at the pool that cost me twice as this one
For fitness information this was fine but as a watch it was totally inadequate. It was impossible to see the time display outdoors, even if shaded. Even indoors if it was tapped too long the time disappeared and moved to the next mode. I couldn't find a way to make it brighter or less sensitive. Useless as a watch!
The worst product. Just OK. Pure rubbish!
These kept us cool but the pitch they came in was complete junk. Carefully opening the bag and the plastic zipper broke. Could not use the bag on ALL 4 of these. Had to use a ziploc bag which did work.
I don't like how it slips when I wear it. Doesn't support like I would like.
This fit well but was a little on the cheap side. The color of the jersey didn't match, it was more like a maroon. If it's NFL why would it not be the right color?
Washed this and lent was everywhere. Wash separately. It was a bad choice buying the gray. Stay with Black. Adidas.
This is canvas material not regulation duck cloth. They are super slick and it makes it hard to play corn hole unless you are an excellent shot and can sink it every time. Otherwise they don't stay on the board. I'm not sure how I'm going to fix them to be able to use them in a game.
It gets one more star than the mag wrap. It fits, and I guess it's okay, if you're into that.
This is horrible! Loading is very clunky. It's easier and faster to do by hand.
The directions are clear on what to do, but if you follow them, when you go to screw the other side of the step in.. it doesn't line up well & the screw is “just” long enough. If you ignore the directions and try to put the steps on first, they go together great but then putting the bottom on, it doesn't line up well. Either way you do it, mine was crooked. (& no it was not from being on unlevel ground because I put it together in my kitchen) We will see how durable and sturdy it is once my child uses it.. not to impressed with this ladder. I brought it, despite all the other reviews because it was the only ladder I could fine that was the same name brand as the trampoline.. Not a huge issue but the ladder in the picture appears silver, the ladder is white.
Did not work for me as my horse did not like it.
I noticed another user left a review saying the thumb position is weird. It actually hurts my thumb and the position actually caused my thumb skin to pull back from the nail slightly when using my dominant/right hand.... They seemed like decent gloves and I thought my hand just fit in there differently as if it was my fault but then I read the other review. I will deal with them instead of going through the return process. I just tape my thumb now.
The E-book with installation instructions was missing from the shipment.
Hard to open, hard to fold up small enough to get back into the case. It has a flimsy feel.
Not for women with curves. The bottom creates a weird crease. Makes butt look funny
Bag is good. The zippers are the issue. The side zipper failed the first day Main zipper gets jammed often. Real pain to fix it.
Not great for bigger feet/high arches. Couldn't get it past my heel/top of foot
Detail is very light in color, looks like it's been thru the dishwasher multiple times.
Fun gun, but outdated. You can't easily or quickly change out the spring of you want to go to airsoft venues. It does creak, and when my son dropped one the upper and lower receiver cracked. I was able to fix it with good electrical tape, and that fixed a lot. Tightened it up reduces jamming, improved accuracy, made it quieter, and breaks up the profile (I used brown, green, and gray tape). But in the airsoft and race, this may just not cut it. Just have fun and don't take it too seriously. UPDATE: I've been playing this recently, and they're crap. It shoots totally random, no precision at all. Good for indoor arenas, where range is not an issue, but don't get the carbine version for outdoors. Especially the gen 1.
Reel causes flat / chewed up places in my line. Gets worse with use. Does not cast well, and gets worse as line condition deteriorates.
This product is obviously not designed by a player. The webbing between the thumb and index finger is completely unnecessary and uncomfortable. I removed it immediately with scissors. The product could've easily been shipped in an envelope costing 75% less than the shipping I was charged as it came in a box big enough for 500 pcs of this item. Overall, poorly designed, too expensive, not effective.
Perfect size for little toddler hands. Our little one was so excited to get it and took pictures everywhere. Only downside was the battery doesn't last very long so you have to constantly charge it. Like it lasts about two hours and then stops working again
I bought this for my husband. The package came damaged like it was used. I didn't even open it. Sending it back.
Covers the sticker on my lisence plate. Good quality, just unfortunate that I can't use it.
great shoe. will use quite frequently
The gasket came out at some point and was lost. Why isn't it just glued into the top?
Loved the style but two months into school it broke in Two places- zipper and seam of strap! Too late to return.
Totaly not the color pictured on Amazon. I kinda knew it was a grey but this bag is a light grey. Picture on Amazon is more of a dark grey.
The machine itself works alright but the remote that came with it doesn't work. Very inconvenient to use without the remote. You to start the machine n the get on the vibrating machine.
Like the variety of games in this pack, but the cards are small for kids game. I was hoping for larger cards. Kinda cheap looking.
The umbrella isnt as large as I expected once it is opened up. It could cover two ppl if they are close together. My issue is closing the umbrella. The button will collapse the umbrella but it takes a lot of muscle to actually get the handle down. ALSO, its almost impossible to wrap the umbrella closed with the strap. I would not purchase again.
Don't expect the best workout of your life, it is an okay workout machine that can take up a small amount of space.
Lightweight and compact- but wouldn't stay open or retract after literally maybe a dozen uses. Would not recommend.
Cheap 3m double sided mounting tape. Seller should invest in a higher grade tape. Had to use screws to mount a 9 mm beretta. I also doubt the magnets will hold even 15 pounds. Good price but don't expect too much.
Definitely a fake product. The packaging looks like it was printed on a home printer. What I do like are the pink holder things. They don't have a lip around them so it will contact the skin better. I will try being the Smooth Away refills.
even a small size is too big and they do not have enough compress
Runs a little small, but don't really feel or see a difference wearing these. As long as you put some type of sweat gel on, you do sweat a lot.
I dislike how small this was, bought a medium. I'm 5'9 and weigh 160. I recommend anyone who buys this to go a size up!
So the picture that is posted is not the same as the product. It does not come down past the wrist like the picture shows. I have included pictures of my own of how the product fits. My thumb didn't exactly fit in the glove either. Fingers aren't long enough for my hand. I ended up giving them to my dad since he has smaller hands then I. They are very gripping and work well with touch screens. Going to order the large size to get the length in the fingers and hopefully won't regret it.
One side of my watchband was defective and would not attach to my iwatch
This ball came loose in an Amazon box. No packaging. It was also fully inflated but bounces weirdly. I did the 2/3 test where a ball, fully inflated to the right psi should bounce to 2/3 of the height it is dropped from. This thing has weird dead spots where it barely bounces. The grip is also very sticky but not in a good way. 2 stars awarded because I won't feel bad using a brand new ball outdoors anymore.
They are fine unless it is cold outside. I live in northern Minnesota and we haven't even gotten below zero yet and my fingers are burning with cold. I put knit gloves underneath them and it still doesn't help. I wish I would have saved my money for something better.
well made but they keep falling off not enough velcro lose 1 a day
these are either too thin or too thick and get stuck in the small gap between the surface and side of my air hockey table
Used them for a little more than 10 times. We have been gentle on them, but one fiberglass tube broke recently, which makes it hard to use.
It's clunky. The battery lasts less than a full 24 hour period. The app is weak. There is nothing I like about it.
This product is okay, but definitely not what I was expecting. The support it gave to my back felt nice, but I only wore it for about an hour because the product is extremely short!! I'm only 5'4 and the product did not cover my torso that much, very disappointing. In addition I ordered above what size I should've for some room since I really want back support more than weight loss. I ordered an XL, but my waist measurement was in the L bracket, yet it was very short. I have pretty a curvy body already, this product did make me look more curvy but because of the length it was super unflattering
very narrow and cheaply made.
Love the light pink. The band looks & feels just like the one that came with my fitbit. But it only lasted about 2 weeks before it was stained and dirty looking even after I cleaned it. Maybe a darker color would have been better.
the end sof the ps4 kit were broken i want a refund
Definitely prefer KT brand tape. It did was it was supposed to do, but was more stretchy than KT tape, and didn't feel as supportive. Also caused a slight reaction from the adhesive on my skin.
Sheds as bad as my dog. It's leaving tiny (bright orange) lint balls on everything it touches. If the issue doesn't correct in the next few days it's going back.
I didn't notice that this band was held together by a magnet. The magnet keeps slipping and the band is sliding. It also will not click properly on to my fitbit and it has fallen off of my wrist several times. Not at all satisfied with this product.
way too small for me.
I have a few of these pants in various colors and they are not all made equally. Out of 5 pairs, 2 had inseam problems (sewn incorrectly). Considering buying a different brand from another seller since I don't feel like having to return or exchange every other pair. Also, not all of them are made of the same fabric either. Some are thicker, some are thinner, which is confusing since they're all in the same listing with no detail mentioning fabric differences. Would recommend if you like a gamble, good luck.
One of the two traps arrived broken and won't open at all
Photos shows key lock. Came with nob. Works well but photo is misleading.
I purchased this inline mount to attach a Streamlight Protac rail mounted light. This product is supposed to be compatible with the Surefire Scout mounts. Unfortunately... the mount isn't long enough to clear the Streamlight ProTac light -- even with the rear cover removed, so it is incompatible (because you cannot access the first keymod alum bolt -- which sits beneath the light). It's too bad, because the product looks to be well made. Since it isn't compatible, I can't give it more than a 2 star rating. If the mount were extended a bit further, I would probably give it a 5 star rating. Just returned the product.
Whoever wrote that these don't roll up they lied. This things roll up almost instantly. It's very annoying but you get what you pay for.
these are okay, just be advised really short, and may rise up in between your legs.
foam is not sturdy and despite only minimal use has begun cracking.
Sturdy rings for the price. But .. after walking to my stand in the rain, the rings and screws all had surface rust that has pitted the metal slightly. Disappointed.
If you want to stop BB's, buy this. If you want to protect yourself from real bullets, this wont work. This could never stop real bullets, don't depend on it.
22 cal pellets from a good rifle are too much impact for this target at 25 yards. Works well with. 177 cal guns. The 22's hit is too hard and drops whatever target that may have flipped up. Neat design,just not heavy enough for a hard hitting 22 cal pellet rifle.
Sits in a drawer since it is almost impossible to open with one hand.
They are thin & breathable but they do not offer much support
I used these gloves for less than 5 workouts. After the 3rd workout the stitching at the seam between the forefinger and thumb started to separate. I really liked the tackiness of the grip. But it's too delicate for a decent bootcamp style workout.
I originally bought this for my hinged cuffs. THEY DO NOT FIT. Luckily I have chain peerless cuffs. They fit but it's snug. I suggest looking for something else. I need this for off duty use.
2 of these chairs were ordered for a classroom where 10-11 year old children would be sitting on them. Twice the ball has popped.
The unit seemed to help. After several weeks, fingers started to break. Trashed the entire unit.
This was a waste of money. I stretch it to go over my hair and it ripped immediately. I wouldn't buy again.
Very stiff material and uncomfortable.
Love love love the look of this band I get a TON of compliments on it but man does it smell bad!! I let it air out for several weeks and the band itself didn't smell bad but after about a day of wearing the smell returned. And no I do not sweat a lot or anything strange.
The bolster itself is fine. Stiff and supportive, as the ones in my yoga studio are. However, it came with such a strong odor that it gave me headaches just to air this item out. It's hard to describe what the odor is exactly; perhaps a chemical used in the dye of the fabric? To treat the dense cotton filling? I can't be sure but after three weeks, it still smells and I can't tolerate it anymore. Disappointed to return as I needed this for my home practice.
IT DID NOT STAY IN PLACE WHILE WORKING OUT. I HAVE TO KEEP PULLING IT DOWN WHILE WORKING OUT.
Like the look, sad it is only plastic
Uncomfortable. Too stiff.
Love the colors these bands come in. Love how easy they are to install. Love how comfortable this band is. I own several other colors, and they are holding up extremely well. I switch them out fairly frequently however and this one is wearing out on the strap side with the holes. That is worrisome because Apple watches are expensive and I want a strap that that I can depend on. I work 1 full time job and 1 part time job and I'm very active when I'm not at work. The last thing I need is to worry whether my Apple Watch is still on my wrist. I'm giving this band 2 stars unless any of the other bands start to experience the same issue. If that happens, I will drop the rating further. If the vendor is willing to replace this strap I'd be willing to change my review. In the meantime, buyer beware.
Band clips are way to hard to take off
The bottles came earlier than expected.. but after a couple washes they leak.. probably won't buy again.. they aren't the true Blender bottle ... but what can we say...
Ripped after second use
This product is obviously used. When I opened the box. The orange cloth that it was wrapped in was ripped and dirty. The product itself has so many scratches that it looks like as if it was dragged down the freeway. The flashlight is strong and can be used to light up far distances. And the taser does not do anything but make noise. I guess I paid for a used flashlight.
The magnet on the watchband does not stay secure so I have to continuously retighten the band. It also catches on my clothes, a complete waste of $
But I returned them as the promised iPhone integration was just a flimsy plastic stand to hold the iPhone lens against the binocular viewer. Cheesy. If I were simply expecting a nice pair of binoculars, however, I would have been more than satisfied.
Great quality & they look amazing, but I ordered size 9 for my husband, & they're way too small. They're probably closer to a 7 because they fit my finger perfectly. Also, we only got 4 rings & not the 5 I originally ordered.
Board was perfect. Tip broke off 2 darts after 2 uses.
It is heavy and not easy to handle at all. Meanwhile, there were lots of friction marks on the green Fabric caused by hard plastic compartments (for holding chips and cups) which are loose and comes out when you fold this table. Doesn't worth at all.
This was a replacement pair for ones that were broken smd the plastic nose clip cracked after minimal use. With the issues we have seen with vanquished I would not recommend them for competitive use or practice
Not as soft as original Fitbit band. The color of the tan one is skin toned. Not really what is pictured. They are ok, hope they last.
$40 and it doesn't come with the fitting to hook to your air line? Smh
As touchscreen gloves these work very well. Best I've ever had actually. However they do not keep your hands warm at all. I wore them a couple of times on days that were in the mid twenties and dry conditions. Each time my hands were freezing after about 15 minutes of being outside. My hands were actually red from the cold the second time I wore them. Would not recommend these gloves.
Too narrow; it was very difficult to pull over a bolt action rifle with only iron sights.
Not real happy with it. It's to tight on the gun pulls holster out with gun from belt loop. Tried adjusting the screw on it but still pulls out holster about 80% of the time.
Missing the hardware to put up the net.
I didn't get what I ordered. No rose gold, that was the only reason I ordered this set. They are nice quality, but not what I ordered!
Pants do not fit. I brought the biggest size available because my thighs are large. I cannot pull them up. It would be great if the pant came in more sizes. I can fit the top
Love the product however they fall off very easily and we lost them. Reordered them again to give it another try but they fell off again.
I like the look of the band. However, adjusting the band was very difficult and the tool was useless. I was able to remove two links from one side of the band without a problem but when I tried to remove two links from the other side the point of the tool bent. It came with two replacement points but they also bent. Luckily I had purchased another band from another manufacturer with a tool (which I easily adjusted) and was able to use that tool to remove the final two links, after it bent another point. Additionally, the band was black and pink and a little of the black came off where I had to difficulty adjusting the band.
Doesnt focus well at all, and the paralax adjustment isnt anywhere near what the indicator says it is. I use it on a pcp air rifle so I dont need to shoot past about 75 yards ever but if I did this scope would be useless.
Received item timely but the wired extension for flash light doesn't work to turn flash light on or off.
Boots were seen to pants incorrectly
Compared to other workout grips I've had, these ones fell apart very fast. It's not like I'm doing a lot of heavy lifting either. Very disappointing and definitely will not reorder.
I used my cup for cold drinks . Drinks stay cold which is great but my outside appearance is peeling the bottom of cup is showing rust. And over price
Flimsy and cheaply made. I had a Qalo, lost it, picked up this one as a quick replacement and ...just, no. It's junk. Going back to the Qalo.
What happened to the original Z-athletic chalk. You need to bring that original chalk back. The box with the red writing is the best.
One broke in two days.
Delivered with the wrong handlebars.
Cutting faces were in terrible shape - see burr and gap in pictures. You get what you pay for.
The black and coffee bands are nice, basic bands. Item arrived on time. However, I thought I was getting a good deal for the $10 I spent but the color specified as “brown” is actually purple. Additionally, one of the pieces is a different color purple and doesn't match the band. Mediocre overall.
Too difficult to get on and length from ankle to toe is too long. Covers my toes. I have tried most of these that are available and this among the bottom.
The shock absorption that this mat provides is minimal in my opinion. I'm 6' 235lbs and if it's not compressing for me it's not going to compress for most folks. It does provide a nice level of comfort under bare feet but that's not worth the price tag. I decided to invest in a seat suspension system and sit on my bolster instead.
Got it in the mail today - horribly packaged (original box destroyed so everything thrown into another box, literally) plus the arm bands are missing.....
I was expecting a better quality, the beanie was kind of flimsy. And it made me itch. Ended up returning the 2 I purchased.
I did lose weight, in combination with other things, but this belt is not for smaller people! I have a short torso and the large part of my waistline was about 34". It was way, way too long for me and very hard to bend over while exercising. You will, however, sweat like a stuck hog at a state fair in July. Drink lots of water if you use anything neoprene.
I've given this saddle a lot of time, but I don't think it is right for me. I have severe sit bone pain after 1.5 hours of riding and it continues into the next day. The seller is great the saddle is not.
What i don't like is that none of these protection plans send anything more than an e-mail and don't even reference the product being insured. How can I prove what it covers if I have a claim?
I replaced the clamp with a screw and it works good that way. I have a yugo and its only good for red dots and similar stuff, regular scope will sit too close to the back/your eye so they dont work
I didn't like that there were red and blue bean bags sent. It should of been blue and gold. Michigan colors. Also there is a crack in one of the boards.
Not well made at all I'd spend the money to get a better one next time.
Disappointed in the air volume that it moves.
For the price point, these are understandably flimsy and uneven in terms of quality. In some of them, the closure springs back into place; in others you have to force it. But they do the job I need them to do even if some failed right out of the package.
I bought this because someone stole my original Fitbit and didn't want to pay a lot this time around. The sleep tracking has been wrong every night so far. I go to bed around 8 pm, the tracker tells me I'm going to bed at midnight. I wake up and get ready for the day around 5 am, tracker says I woke up at 7 every day. The heart rate takes about a full minute to actually show on the watch and then it jumps all over the place. It goes from 80 to 100 to 60 to 70 all within seconds. When I check the app, it says I was at 62 all day every day. So I guess it's just not tracking the heart rate at all. If you want it to track an activity you have to actually set it to your watch (limit of three activities only) then hold down the button to begin and end the activity instead of it tracking automatically. Basically, I'm just using it as a watch. As far as the step counter..it is okay. It tracks my steps during the day however it has the same down fall as the Fitbit where I could just be eating or doing my hair and it'll think I walked 400 steps just because I was moving my arm. If you want a step counter and watch combined go ahead and get this but if you want the other features such as heart rate detector and sleep tracker I'd pay extra and choose a different brand. The only thing that I prefer about this watch over my old fitbit was that to charge it you could just plug it into your normal wall plug instead of looking for a special charger.
I loved how light this paddle is and how it performed overall, but the rubber edging came loose after only six months. Very disappointed. I tried to repair it with super glue, but that didn't work. I won't be purchasing another one.
Poor quality leather.
This product only came with 6- "0" rings. Not the 30 that was advertised
Too flimsy and cheap built. Easily breakable and small. But not bad for the price
Adhesive is not strong enough.
The product is ok I guess you get what you pay for but the app that you use with this tracker is horrible. I ended up buying a fitbit
Handle is very thick and the clip makes the grip very uncomfortable, all of the other ganzo knives i purchased have a brass washer which helps open the blade with ease but this one has plastic washers. The blade is awesome just terrible handle. Looks cool from the side view at least.
Like others have said, messy welds and bent flukes. I got the Guardian anchor, much superior.
I sent it back. Didn`t fit like they described it would.
Ordered these in the electric blue and the blue. The electric blue feel great. They are not the best quality, but they are much more comfortable. The blue are VERY stiff and have little to no elasticity. Frustrated at the difference in material because they are advertised as the exact same styles.
They are too stiff and rough
I was so excited to take this rod out this morning, but it wasn't until getting to the beach that I noticed the tip was bent out of shape and didn't have the ceramic guide. When I opened the box, there was a single piece of paper to pack the rod in place and protect it, so clearly the rod just rattled around in transit and broke.
I would hardly call this an ankle brace. It is a compression socks. It is comfortable and helps with circulation but ankle brace No
These were intended to replace standard paddles. See pictures. It is too small and is uncomfortable for any adult or teen in my household. The available grip area of the handle is significantly shorter and the grip is much more narrow. (The handle is about the same length but the paddle extends farther down the handle.) The paddle area itself is smaller. This feels more like a toy than a durable paddle. Also, as you can see from the pictures, the trim and fit of the rubber looks like it was hastily done. If I had kids who were younger than 10 just learning to play, these might be acceptable.
Only received one bottle !!! The large bottle was not received !!!
Was missing parts which is a little dangerous when riding the bicycle. Not the most comfortable.
Not impressed. I'm out of shape and I know it. Been using this belt for about a week. Had to turn it up to 50 to feel any muscle contractions at all. Turned it up to 100 for an hour yesterday, and I don't feel anything in my abs. My muscles should be sore. 20 crunches would do more.
This ball is good for maybe those who have serving and hitting down. Not the best for beginners, it's not very soft.
Not strong enough to support knee. Not as easy to adjust as some. Also tends to slip
Broke second day of fishing
Zipper for large pocket came right off. Several areas the stitching is coming out... good concept, just poor quality.
I like the size of this dry bag, but the single exterior mesh pocket is not large enough to hold a standard 750ml water bottle and there is only one pocket vice two. Recommend they enlarge the pocket and add a second on the other side. In addition the elastic laced string in the front of the pack is thinner than found on other packs and appears flimsy. It will be interesting to see how long that lasts. It is a comfortable bag to carry on your back. While a nice bag, for the money I believe other more suitable options can be found on the market.
too heavy, awkward grip
The second day we used these the white fronts came off when tightening. Then during a swim meet the strap broke...she swam without goggles. I would not recommend these goggles.
Cheap. Print wore off in two weeks.
Something has changed with the texture for these. Or I got a bad set. The grip is almost slicker than the factory one.
Bought this for my son with ASD. The medium is too big on him (yes I know the this is tricky with silicone bands) but the puzzles are chipped off in 3 locations and the inside of the bracelet with the website and "Made in" location are raised enough to drive him crazy. :(
Clogged in the middle of a battle and got taken as hostage. Two stars for only two paintballs that came out from spinner
Did not work on thicker filets.
I just ordered these for my brother in law and unfortunately I will be returning them and trying to find something I store for him instead . These shirts are SOOOO THIN! they are almost see through. I ordered a white one for my husband and I will have to return it because it is practically see through when he puts it on . Also he usually wears a size L in all shirts and these shirts for some reason we're way too short . Just seems too cheap to give to someone for a gift .
Don't like it. I keep losing it.
I went to change my band and notice the pin broke on one side. Now I can't change my band unless I cut it off.
I ordered three sizes in this pull over and the x-small was delivered quickly and was a perfect fit but the small and medium came and fit smaller than the x-small and were a completely different color than the x-small! Will be returning the small and medium to the seller.
Pouch is decent size and durable but the nylon strap is cheap and started to unravel first day
The ball came in deflated. No worries but the color advertised on web vs item sent are of two different colors. I wasn't expecting Yellow.
I purchased thos fishing tackle kit, however I did not realise how small the kit is. Unable to use it will keep it in storage.
Well they're bigger than expected 1 of them had a cracked top but I see that you have a no return policy
The pedestal is welded to the base. Not acceptable for removal.
I only gave this watch two stars because it was too bulky for my wrist. It might be great for someone with a larger wrist.
The socks have a thin fit and the material is also thin.
The pants are great good under armour quality. I only gave two stars because the color pattern names and images are not correct. I ordered what I thought was the black with red the picture is the black with red and the name is black (reflective) black 01 but it is all black NOT black with red. I am going to keep them because they are nice pants but if you want the red or blue just be forewarned.
Opened the box and all of the pieces are disgusting, covered in brown dirt, hair, and all scratched up. I don't even want to touch the pieces to put it together, I'm not sure how a product was boxed like this
Looks cool, but it only shoots the toothpicks about half of the time.
item never came the first time, I really wanted it, so I purchased again. I like the size, it is extremely small. I shot fifty rounds of .22 LR subsonic ammo at 27 yards and this thing was pretty much toast. Maybe I got a dud, who knows.
It is leaking after 2 swims
Detects everything except heat beat rhythm. Bluetooth app works fine. I really need the heart beat function however. If you don't need the pulse monitor, the rest of the device works fine.
PROS CHEAP, CONS VERY SMALL! I bought these to use when I color my hair, they barely fit. Definitely 1 use only.
Bought a pair of these. One fell apart putting it together, so I have low expectations for the one that I installed.
I'm very unhappy with the way the pole and reel combo was packaged. No buble wrap, or extra paper to secure the pole from bouncing around the box. Pole was wrapped very poorly in plastic clear wrap. One of the guides was smashed down completely, and There are several deep dents on the handle. The end cap comes off fairly easy, and when taken off, you can see the pole has some damage. I bent the guide back in place, and hopefully all the bending doesn't cause it break it in the long run.
Perfect for me....but i received broke on one wrist side. Send this back ask for return nerver receive return back..very disappoint...
Visor looks great but hardware did not for in the holes. Plastic was to wide and had to be modified by shaving it down slightly. Not happy about having to do that for the price of it.
Magnet came loose less than a month after receiving
Too small and restrictive
Dulls out really fast.
This band is super cute and got a lot of complements! However, of it ever gets wet the inside leather starts to get soft. Drying it out did not help, but the fabric part holds up fine. I wanted to get more use out of the band for the price.
These are totally overrated.You will still have to use eyeglass wipes at times.
Well it looks nice on this picture, but when I got it, it seem as if some pieces were missing and the adhesive on the back is no good. Mine didn't turn out like this picture
I really wanted a continuous monitor, so I will put up with the chest band. The watch is comfortable enough, although the band could be bigger. For settings, the single button is the worst. I have tried to set the date for 15 minutes, and have not done it yet. A second button for yes/no, up/down next/previous menu etc would do wonders. Polar has such a great reputation - I don't understand why.
Only lasted one winter
This bottle leaks from the lid. It has been screwed on properly, but still leaks out when I shake it.
The monofin is fun. My daughter loves swimming with it on. BUT, after only having it for about 3 weeks, and swimming a couple of times per week, the fabric has torn. It's no longer usable.
Not the easiest to assemble. I have trouble assembling this and might need to return it. Note that tools don't come with this.
My son was really disappointed today when his tackle box was delivered. The case is much smaller than expected and the the bottom half is shattered. Some of the lures have paint chipped off of them. Definitely going back.
Seems cheap. Hate serrations! Hate black coating
They are a good thickness, but started pulling the first time I washed them. Now that I have washed them a few times they are pulling very badly and look very bad. I wouldn't buy these again.
Beware of which seller you buy from! The ones from It's Delish are tiny pathetic little almonds. Get the ones from Smarty Shop! They're huge and fresh. I had those for the first three orders and then for some reason only known to freaking amazon, when I clicked order again, it automatically ordered from It's Delish. Luckily these are only for almond milk and butter or I'd be stuck with 4 bags of suck.
These magnets really do hold onto the firearm very well. The adhesive backing , however, fails quickly. This necessitates attaching the magnets to whatever base you are using with screws. This was not practical for my situation and I had purchased these primarily because they had 3M adhesive backing. Also the coating on the edges comes off the circular steel casing; leaving exposed steel edges that mar the firearm. The packaging does warn that the gun could be scratched by using the product. I have since found other firearm holding magnets, designed differently, that do not have this issue.
This was terrible. The cap that goes over the skull isn't big enough, so there is an awful gap around the mount. The wood is nice, but doesn't have a flush mount for even hanging.
I purchased one of these for my Sig Sauer P365. I had read a ton of reviews and thought I will get them a try. I will say I got sucked in on how fast they ship and that they are made in the USA. HOWEVER as soon as I opened the box I was disappointed. The holster is no flimsy you can squeeze the holster shut with just your index finger and thumb. The kydex is super thin. Then the retention, even after tighting the screw down all the way it was still resistance for pulling the gun out. They say their belt clip fits 1.5" belt which it will if it paper thin. I wear a blackhawk cqb belt every day and I would take me 20 mins to fight the clip over the belt securely. The comfort issue is on me I'm a bigger guy and the not so rounded edges would cut with the way I wear my gun. I'm am not a person the usually write reviews at all but I thought other people should be warned. If you want a good kydex holster as built in the United States, good quality and not from flimsy made look in to Cleveland kydex. I had one of theirs for my XDS and wish I would have skipped "we the people" and just bought another on if theirs for the sig.
Great size, but sweats horribly!
My grandson open his birthday gift (this unit) we charged it we can change the color of the lights but cannot get the rotors to turn on.
Good value and works OK but comes out of pocket with gun, even when you try and press against inside of pocket!! Same as all other pocket holsters that do not somehow hook onto pocket when drawing.
I was initially excited when I received this knife. Got and finish are impressive. Action is very smooth even with such a long narrow blade. The knife handle is very long when closed, and does not fit in all pants pockets. I thought it was unique and nice enough to be a keeper though, until I thought about sharpening it. The grind on the blade is so weird that sharpening is nearly impossible. The blade is incredibly think all the way to the bezel. Once the factory Edge is gone, which is a micro bezel at best, you would have to completely re-profile the knife to sharpen it. This was a deal-breaker.
I needed to exchange the size and sent numerous emails but never hear back from anyone. Very disappointed.
Felt pretty thick. Difficult to put on and cover my ears. Switched to a thinner one that does not cover ears.
Hard and tuff case to get watch in and out
This is a nice compact knife that is satisfactorily sharp. However, the assisted function stopped working after about 10 tries. I wanted this to be a compact knife that I could clip to my belt and open with one hand in the extreme event that my only had use of one hand. The assisted, one hand/finger opening feature world like a dream at first, but crapped out entirely after about 10 tries. It's still a relatively sharp knife, but now the assisted open feature is useless. I was super happy at first, but quickly turned to disappointed after a few uses. Had I known that there were a short number of uses before the mechanism stopped working, I wouldn't have played with it and reserved the knife for true dire circumstances (that hopefully never happen).
Lasted two months before strap holder broke - I'm looking at other options
Wonderful cushioning, definitely my favorite mat I've tried as far as that goes. But this fricken thing is so slippery!!! Unless you repeatedly spray water where your hands and feet land on your mat, you slip and slide all over the place. I bought this mat with the promise of no longer needing a towel in hot yoga. I am easily distracted during yoga and having a towel on my mat was always something that pulled me out of my practice. While I no longer need a towel on the mat, I need to now use a spray bottle to keep it wet the whole first half of class before I really start sweating. It sucks. The last thing I want to be worried about in downward dog is my hands or feet slipping out from under me, and that's all that I can think about. Going to reach out to the manufacturer and see if I can return it. I'm so bummed. I was so excited for this mat- the look, feel, eco friendly aspect, natural benefits, etc. Now I know I wasted my money on a mat that only works part of the time.
2 bottles arrived broken
I bougth this item because it had the USB but it didn't come in the box. I'm disappointed.
This helmet looks nice and seems to be constructed fine, but the fit is not good. Like other reviewers have said, this helmet has a round shape instead of an oval shape. There were significant gaps between the helmet and the side of my head. When tightened down it puts too much pressure on the front and back of the head. Believe the reviews, it's true. Be ready to send this one back if you don't have a round noggin. There are other products around this price range that fit much better. I went with the Base Camp NEO which fits nicely as far one size fits all helmets go.
The body fits well. It's short. But the butt is tiny. It looks like a cheeky almost.
I bought size XL and it's a little too tight around the base (or bottom of glove). I have to struggle to squeeze in them. Once past the base, my fingers fit nicely in the glove. The gloves don't keep my hands warm and the touch screen feature doesn't work well. Swiping and touching with fingers don't work, but the thumb seems to work okay. Problem with that is, who types, swipes, and touches with their thumb?! The gloves look good and feel good, but due to the other important issues, I would not recommend these unless you won't use with a phone, and you're not going to be cold.
Blade is dull out of the factory. I severely cut my hand because of this within the first week of use. I ended up keeping this in the drawer and used my Victorinox which never got dull on me. Now that I lost my victorinox, I have to use this knife again and am upset about it.
Easy to use, simple access but don't recommend it because i Hate that it goes into slap mode, doesn't really tell me all the time when it disconnects, the finder doesn't work, I restarted at least 3xs in a week when its only 4 months old. But it does keep track of your steps
Looked nice online but when we got it wasn't what was expected. More of a decoration than anything. Blades are dull.
This is totally different from the small pack of hoppes 9 patch, it just a normal cotton patch and leave residuals on the oiled surface
Within 6 weeks of light use most of the gripping meterial has worn/peeled off. Also, one of the seams has unwound its thread and split. Not happy with this version of the glove.
Two of the five mirrors arrived broken. On mirror in 2 pieces and the other mirror broken into many pieces.
This shirt was used for swimming only. After 2 wearings, the nylon had so many pills my husband does not wear it anymore. I do not recommend it.
I've spent some good time with this line mostly Texas rigging. I've come to a conclusion, this stuff is just way to stretchy. Even more so than mono. Haven't had issues with break offs or knots, and it does seem to be abrasion resistant. This is why I kept trying to work with it. But it's just so STRETCHY! I can't feel anything and therefore I can't find a purpose for this line when regular mono is all around better.
Very noisy!! Because it's aluminum there's a lot of connections that rattle and make a lot of loud noise when you throw bags on it! Should have bought wooded or plastic
There are better alternatives on the market than these.
Defective and would not stop pressing buttons on the Fitbit. The band itself was not bad. The frame that holds the fitbit was cheap and and the buttons that were not permanently pressed did not seem to work properly. Don't buy this product.
After use it gets a plastic film around the mouth piece other then that it a water bottle
Seemed well made, but could not read outside in sunlight under any circumstance
I bought this for my 13 year old son to take to school. The plastic buckle on the strap broke after 6 weeks.
I got this from Amazon on July 8 2018 and used it only a few times a month for a bait bucket on my dock - here is it July 4th and it will not pump air - motor runs but no air flow from device. I tried to reach customer service but no luck yet - seem to work great when it worked! Going to look at another option - would have rated it a 5 had it lasted longer.
This is getting two stars because the hat in itself is fluffy and warm. The mouth piece really doesn't cover much and doesn't stay tight. It's kind of pointless. It's not worth the money and you'd be better off just buying a regular warm hat and a scarf. The picture makes the mouth piece look more sturdier than it actually is.
I didn't like the look of the elastic waist band. The material also felt too thin to hold up over time.
Very nice scope for not very much money, however its not clear from the description if this is front-plane or rear-plane reticle, turns out its rear-plane.. so back in the box and back home to amazon.. maybe update the description? When thinking about it, all the fuzz about the many color combinations for the reticle... marketing materials spend more time on color combinations than optical qualities. thats probably a fairly accurate understanding of the product in general.
These stress balls are a good size and texture. However, they are not "highly tear resistant" as advertised. Within a week, with normal use, chunks small chunks were coming off the ball. They also collect dirt, dust, etc., quickly and look gross- the cleaning part I can deal with for how nice they felt, but the balls fall apart quickly, especially for the price.
These we just ok. A bit flimsy
Decent sunglasses for recreation but one of the frame arms continually pops out . Lens of average clarity and contrast.
A little too thick and warm for summer wear. For the money I should have just gotten a 6 pack of regular socks.
The clasp on the lid broke.
limited uses because of its width. Would have been nice if it didnt have a square tubing frame - makes it larger than it needs to be. Hint manufacturer, use round bar for frame. Loads are 50% on frame cross bars, so round tubing would work.
I purchased the recommended size based on my weight and I think it is too tight and not really usable. It's also very stiff and not something I want around my legs. Pretty frustrated.
manual adjusters on sides are impossible to center
Just works "ok". A little glitchy. Probably wouldn't purchase again.
Really cheap, not even sure if it will hold up to holding the sword at the Renaissance Festival this year.
Came in deformed. See picture. It's not straight like the picture. It's so deformed you can't even see one side of the stitching. This is a quality control issue; hopefully, the manufacturer will fix this quality control issue. Not a bad looking sheath; just prefer better quality; you get what you pay for. Compare my picture with the stock picture and you will see a difference.
It seems that the holster faces the opposite direction of what you want for a right handed draw. This is of no use to me and I wish I had returned sooner.
I just received my fitness track yesterday. I t was easy to set up but I've only had it for 24 hrs and the battery is already pretty low. Fully charged yesterday before I even set it up. I bought this one cause it had amazing reviews and everything works perfect in it but the battery draining so easily I'm only giving 2 stars
Description needs clarified, as the knife is small! Appears to be well made and finished, but unlike other recent Schrade Old Timers, the blades came dull and the steel did not sharpen well on my Spyderco flat stones. Will try other sharpening mediums, but as a whole this knife is at best mediocre because of the steel in the blades. As a post script, I own many, many dozens of pocket knives, from vintage, to the best American made, to these of imported vintage. I am also well versed in sharpening and various steels. I don't know what this material is, but it does not have a good feel on stones.
Bought the umbrella just over one year ago and it has already broken.
after 3 month beginning g the screws were isolated
I original loved this holder but my gun has dropped three times this weekend. It has stretched out so much I find myself having to duck into a bathroom to tighten it up so that it does shift around and the gun bulges out. It kind of defeats the purpose if the gun is displayed on me. I don't know if there's a warranty or not but I'm unhappy.
falls off after it stretches
This is definitely a 5 star watch band. However, the color is what brought it down to 2 stars. It looks like a highlighter threw up all over then band.
It was small for my face
Cant figure it out,and again USB port was not with it and it didnt say that just another thing you have to bye and it doesnt work yet
Blind was easy to assemble and worked well but only lasted 4 months. When I went to disassemble after hunting, season one of the support rods had broken. This is why I purchased because my other Doghouse blind had the same problem.
They seem to have a hard time sending correct sizes. Ordered 3/16" got 1/4" let them sent replacement got 1/4" again.
Good quality and protection but I feel that the mouthpiece is too big. I'm not a small person so that's saying a lot. I do a lot of kickboxing and boxing. I found it a bit stifling. It made it hard to breathe.
Good quality, sadly design was not distributed throughout the band and only shows flowers at the end with black solidly showing predominantly, unlike the picture which shows design throughout the band.
Pretty disappointed. I ordered a xxxl and it was too big then i ordered a xxl and it was too tight. Cannot find the right size.
A bit small, and not as sharp as it should be. Would I trust my life to it........ No
They are cheaply made, the material insert keeps falling out. If you wear these to run or workout, they will stink, very badly
The ball is tiny and made of a thinner plastic. The net frame broke in the first week (when the kids tried setting it up).
I wore for a week and it broke. The button popped off when I was was working. It is a cute concept but cheaply made.
At first it was very good product and worked well although I agree with some of the comments about gas coming out very slow. But after a year and a half the nozzle that allows the field to come out malfunctioned did not work. Trying to replace it through Amazon where I purchased it led me to have to deal with Prep Boys who then said that they were not able to help me even though they sold it to me. I was then asked to contact the manufacturer and the number I was given was the wrong number.I've had nothing but a run around over this product and suggest you do not purchase it.
Very low quality leather
Nice jacket but like others noted, it runs small. Normally I wear a medium but ordered a large because of comments. It is extremely tight. More than likely I will return it.
great bag except one of the zippers is broke on the side pocket, didnt notice until I had already taken off the tag =(
Made my feet hurt worse
I was looking for a pair of lightweight gloves with a bit of tactile grip to deliver the mail. I previously had used a pair of Adidas brand batting gloves and they were great until they fell apart from use. They were also pretty expensive, so I looked for another brand that was cheaper and settled on these. There is absolutely NO leather in these gloves at all... they are spandex with some type of polymer composite palm grip. I kept them and used them for the mail because the price was right, BUT they were not very durable at all. The stitching of the grip side of the fingers is splitting in multiple places in only 2 months of use. As I said, I deliver mail with them, so I don't know how much stress these gloves would take if I was actually using them as batting gloves. I will say, though, that the polymer/composite grip is not particularly "grippy"... the steering wheel slides right through my hands. So unless a bat already has a leather or rubber grip (like an aluminum bat), these gloves would be worthless, especially with a wood bat. I'll use them for the rest of the season and then toss them.
I was in love with the color, but did think it was a little heavy. I used it a couple times and kept wondering why I was getting dripped on and realized one of the poles was broken!
Knife seems strong an study. Handle is beautiful. Leather holder wore out and became loose with in a week or so of use. Knife was dull including the hook.
It was much narrower and lighter weight than I had expected and would have paid more for something a little more substantial.
Missing the paperwork so not exactly sure where to hold it, reps to do, etc... will try to find online... seems cheaper than I expected and some parts fell off in transport and I had to put it back together. We shall see!
They sent me a blue one instead of brown which would have matched my glasses perfect. Now I have clashing colors
I buy everything on amazon or ebay and never had to write a negative review until now. My workout bench for $150.00 was delivered damage and defective had many scratches and had a severe wobble due to a defective base. Which is fine stuff happens but when I asked to return for my money back, he said its to inconvenient and offered a discount to which much back and forth for many days I had to take to get something which is better than nothing and it gets to a point where its not worth it anymore which I think they count on. I basically gave my bench away due to its condition. I will avoid this seller at all cost in the future.
Good quality but you'll end up constantly adjusting and tightening the band.
This is very thin and cheaply made. Really expected heavier fabric for the price.
This mat isn't really for yoga. I sort of sink into it while practising, and mat skids, and sometimes even lengthens in the middle of poses like the down dog. Needless to say, that can get incredibly awkward. I suppose this mat could work for something like Pilates, but I would not recommend it for yoga. I would've returned it if that was still an option.
Welds are horrible, slag left on them. Cut my hand opening the box. Looked 20yrs old right or off the box.
Look nice but a cant get the jigs to fish straight yet.
These were too difficult for a four year old to use. The button is hard to hold and the volume was low. Maybe for an older child.
Not very good quality, only last 3 week. I used to use to protect from sun and dust. For sun is good but not for dust.
Received all pieces. However, had one shaft out of a set that wasn't event machined to receive the flight. So basically, I only got 3 sets instead of 4.
Very uncomfortable...
Not comfortable not stable
Has that cheap Russian look
It's a sharp knife but it feels incredibly flimsy
Cheaply Made, more of a decoration than a useful kitchen mitt.
This is made out of cheap aluminum instead of steel. It has little weight to it. And instead of being one sturdy piece, it is made out of 3 pieces that screw together
I think these are cool for the average gym goer but if you workout with any meaningful intent theyll eventually rip apart
30oz is bulky and the lid does not stay shut. Better off with a thermos
This was nice and soft but was super large for a size 8 woman's foot so I don't even use it. It's also hard to put on your ankle yourself due to all the velcro and wrapping, particularly if you're recovering from ankle surgery.
Terrible fit. Awkward. Seems much smaller/thinner than pictured.
Not great. I go bass fishing at falcon lake in Texas and for the first day it backlashes and bird nest often, spooled up good but thats about it, i use a 1/4 oz Carolina rig to fish. So overall it's so so wouldn't buy it again.
Product worked as it should, but did not hold up to the Name Brand. Lock part kept breaking or coming loose, after 1 month. Name brand held for over 6 months of daily wear.
Did not come with the e-books that were part of the purchased package.
Feels very comfortable. The band is a lot thinner than the Apple Watch band, that is my only complaint
Primary reason for not 4 or 5 stars is that the package received only contained FOUR tiles. Otherwise, density seems good for exercise equipment.
After hitting a couple of buckets of balls my driver is already starting to crack right under the face.
This is a poorly made and cheap quality product. I am not sure why Amazon recommended and why it's almost 5 stars rating. But then again I can't expect much; what you paid is what you get. Just look at the image of the product closely, you can see it is a cheaply made product. Mine came with a few defects. I dont recommend this product, you rather pay a little more for something else but it will last longer.
These gloves do not provide enough resistance in the water to be beneficial for exercise.
This appears to be a full watch face and band but it was cheap and separate
I haven't had trouble with other types of Fitbit straps, but I can't wear this one for more than a few days without my wrist getting really irritated. Be careful if you have really sensitive skin.
This is not a full size corn hole type set. It is significantly smaller than the typical corn hole set you may be used to. The kids may like it, but adults have a hard time with it because the board is so small.
Too tight around the ankle, and pouch to small/tight for my needs.
The box is missing safety latch after I built the entire Bar wish I could just get the latch delivered!
I bought this vest to assist with creating more of a sweat during my cardio workouts. The vest did its job and was awesome. After about a week of using the vest maybe 4 times I noticed the zipper started to get rusty and became a lot tougher to zip up and down. Within the next week maybe 2 uses the zipper broke and I was unable to move the zipper up or down any longer. Very upset that I am unable to use this vest any longer due to the poor quality of the zipper.
Tells time just fine. As far as I can tell, the pedometer works ok too. Randomly resets the display and erases collected data about once or twice a week. HR monitor is inaccurate at best and only works with one app that is a pain. You get what you pay for here.
This is just your run of the mill bipod with cheap components and it's heavy. And just FYI it's for crouching/kneeling only. Big-pod makes great products, this one is not consistent with their other higher end products.
I love the LOOK of it. It's extremely "buggy". Sometimes it will shut off for no reason. Doesn't transcribe your messages accurately. Screen shuts off while you're typing. I do love that it's water resistant though
I'm sure it's a great watch band- if you can even get it on the watch!! After struggling for five minutes and breaking a nail, I gave up. I'm returning this one and will find another that is easier to put on the watch. It gets two stars simply because it's exactly as described and comes nicely packaged
I couldn't perform any of the excercises I usually do on these at the gym. I'd blame it on the size, but I bought quite a few of them and none fit what i've been used to
a little smaller than expected and straps keep falling down. will find a use for it
A little delamination on the edge, handle was nice
I was so pleased when this arrived at the color and the little sparkle it had to dress up the Ionic enough for me to feel comfortable wearing to work, sadly though tonight while shopping it fell off my arm and thankfully I saw it and was able to pick up my Ionic! Disappointed this happened and don't feel like I will feel safe wearing it anymore! :(
We got the flag, but it was faded and stained. We wont buy anymore and we do NOT recomend unless its a last resort.
They sent the wrong design. I ordered a peacock colored one and received a light blue plain one 😑 it's usable but not what I ordered.
We purchased this item August 2018. They were fine for a few months then the lining split and the filling is coming out. I contacted the seller a couple of weeks ago about the warranty. He seemed like he was going to be workable, then quit responding. I have sent 3 emails that have not been responded to. I even called again this week and he said he would call me within 24 hours, that was 3 days ago. I even indicated that we needed them ASAP for my sons class at school. Will update when and if we reach a resolution.
I'm 5'10" 185lbs. Ordered a large. Tight on the butt area, loose around the arms and the crotch, fit everywhere else. Probably should have gotten a smaller size. Makes me feel like I'm wearing a scuba suite. I was expecting a tighter center to help shape my curves.
Kind of upset with this the band does not stay hooked so it is constantly falling off and it won't hold a charge
This runs small and the instructions were not clear. The Velcro thereby ruined the appearance, so I am not able to return it in that condition.
Very flimsy not for anyone over 120 pounds
Way smaller than I thought, useless for me.
These are not good. I don't find them therapeutic at all. They don't really have enough "give" to be very squeezable.
Says 12 ply but quality is really bad .
Bought it to wear on new SS Series 4 watch. Looks nice, feels secure. The links are phenomenally difficult to open and close. You might think that's great when adjusting it, but I can barely get the watch off and on my own wrist. The fiddle-factor when getting a watch off and on just doesn't work for me and my schedule. I bought another similar jewelry band at the same time as this one. Same style links, adjustment, and clasp. Opens and closes much easier. This one is now just sitting in my jewelry drawer after giving it my best shot after a week.
Sleeves are way too big.
I bought these because I work on my feet 13 hours a day. I couldn't stand them after a few hours. Too tight! I guess the compression is just too much. I am 5'2 and 125 lbs. I wouldn't recommend them for what I need them for. I have neuropathy in my legs and feet.
Returned didn't work as described
It is not compressing the top portion of the calf under the knees.
Had it eight months and battery is bad! It's useless now!
Does not measure step distances accurately AT ALL. I use this while running on a measured track, and not only are the distances totally off, but so is my time per mile and heart rate. It works okay as a regular pedometer I think, but if you intend to use this for exercise, buy something else. Will be returning as I bought this specifically to use while on long runs, and if I can't trust the distance/rate/effort it's useless to me.
Product looked nice upon purchase
I really love the look but the little pin that holds it together was loose in the bag. I inserted it but it didn't last and became bent. So it is not useable now.
Product is represented accurately in pictures. Seller did not provide adequate packing material/wrapping for shipment. Edge of product arrived slightly damaged. Would not purchase from seller again.
VERY poorly made. Not only does snap not line up but it also doesn't snap. I will continue to look for another made by different manufacture.
It's ok. It wobbles as I use it, so that is kind of annoying, but it's cheap. So I guess you get what you pay for.
For the price, not bad. But a piece of the mesh has already broken off and is sharp (I've had this for about a month). Also, before that happened, this thing would snag on everything. I've lost two nice shirts and pulled a stitch in my favorite jeans. This band looks really pretty, but I'm ordering a different one.
Quick delivery good workmanship quality stuff but they fog over they are NOT fog free as they claim
The white turns yellow after a few months in the sun
Great at first, but even washing cold ans drip dry OMFG did this thing shrink
This is the 2nd umbrella that I've bought off Amazon that advertised as "windproof" and then snapped as soon as there was any strong gust. It worked great until I went out with it on a somewhat window day and it suddenly flipped, breaking one of the metal pieces. I'm very disappointed.
These are extremely long and personally did not enjoy how thin they were. I would not use them for boxing
These seem like they're good for someone who's just trying to gain some "initial" strength but for me, I have to use 3-4 at a time to actually feel anything. I wish they were thicker so the resistance would be harder as well as not fold.
It's a shame, really nice looking and comfortable goggles but blurry under water. Clear out of the water but blurry under water. Crazy! I wouldn't recommend them unless you do not care about seeing clearly in the water. The company was good in that they offered a full refund when I spoke with them
Pretty gutted. Ordered a large but recieved Xl in a large bag. The colour is nothing like the sellers pictures and no exchange item available. Does the job in the river but thats the least you would expect.
Does not fit gen 5 glock 17 very well. It is very loose
The product ripped after 2 uses.
VERY SMALL PINCHED HEAD AND STREAKS IN LENS
I tried using this item as a regular duty belt. I have determined that it is not strong enough for that purpose. I already lost two of the equipment pouches as a result.
Material is too thick. For guys like me, that are planning on using this in the field, I wouldn't recommend. If you're planning only wearing this to play an hour or so of a game, it's perfect quality. If you're doing rigorous military training, unless you're in a cold climate, I wouldn't recommend. I bought this for training at NTC in southern California. I probably won't have the chance to shower for atleast 21 days. In the heat. In uniform. With X amount of gear. This will start to smell horrible in less than a day.
I like the tracker/watch. easy to use and works great but the clasp is plastic and broke within a few weeks. I am unable to locate replacement bands/clasps.
I got these to try but do not like them at all, shells do not come out easy, tried filing them some but shells just do not come free easily or repeatable, if you pull up then out it makes them a little easier but it does not feel natural spend a little more and get the ghost pro quad loaders they hold the shells perfect and you can pull all 4 shells straight out easily..
I'm a big guy thus me buying this thing and buying the largest size. I bought a 4x to be safe just in case they ran small. Boy was I right. They run so small that a 4x is actually like a large. I dont know what sizing they go by But this thing is extremely small. I couldn't even pull it together let alone zip it. I'm a big guy not a huge guy. This thing runs significantly smaller than they say.
Gotta give it a two rating bc well hell dude....this watch band and the actual watch band that comes with the watch is a total difference this one was thin and flimsy and did not feel food in my hands or on my wrist I mean what do you expect for the price but...I just expected better quality I trashed it and put my original back on.
It was away too big for my arm . Could not use at all. I contacted company directly by sending a message because I couldn't return through Amazon. However , I did not get any responses.
Easy to use, but takes a very long time to connect to GPS, sometimes it never does so I just run with the timer but no distance which is why I wanted the watch. Disappointed.
it has been about couple days since i started wearing this device. it checks heart rate every 30 minutes automatically which is pretty cool. for any fitness tracking, i think i have to manually start when i start working out. the cool part is that it actually detects when you fall asleep and record duration by itself. i wanted to find out about that the first night so i didnt touch anything from the device and well it did record my sleep hours including deep and light sleep. Very happy with my purchase.
I received this vest July 26 and starting running with it. I was very careful with it. I never threw around or dragged it on the floor etc. I would run with it 30-45 minutes a day at my gym on the treadmill. It is very comfortable. I'm 5'8" 175 lbs. It already has a tear on it. It seems to tear where the stitching is. I feel the beads inside grinding over time cause this. I think this would be a better build if it had some sort of lining within. Because metal grinding with the best material, will naturally wear it out. Especially if you are running with it. Honestly I would not reccomend buying this product. I'm disappointed that even after taking such good care of it, it already has a tear. I wish I could get a refund. Not a quality product
This umbrella is really hard to close because the spring is too tight. I have to push it against the wall to close it. It's also heavier than my other two umbrellas that I've had for years... too bad...
... so my toes are uncomfortable both when just wearing the socks and when they're in shoes (to go to class). I've gone back to more expensive but worth-the-money Gaiam yoga socks.
I purchased this particular pair because of the cute color...BUT the color is only vibrant at the foot, where it never shows. Where the fabric gets stretched at the calf, the white shows through, causing the color to appear much lighter. Made me sad. Compression is also not what I expected. More like just a tight sock, not compression.
Fits and works but unfortunately the durability is no match for my child. I have gone thru both of them in 3 weeks.
Not what I expected, material Is very thin, It is soft but doesnt keep you very warm. It's about the same quality as the $5 Throws that you can pick up at Walmart.
Did not open properly or lock properly. A non locking folding knife is dangerous
Sent regular bags instead of silver age. Had to request refund.
I always buy and wear the same size sock. These were advertised as my size but clearly do not fit.
It works fairly well but not as expected.
doesn't fit spinning rods
It's fine but for one key issue: range. It only works well literally within 2 or 3 feet. I am sitting 3 feet from the BT source and if I simply rotate my head a few degrees it starts sputtering. Same problem if the phone is in a pocket. The range is so minimal as to render it nearly unusable.
It was ok. In the beginning I felt motivated but over the course of a week, it was like repeating the same pattern of eating, exercise, journaling. I just stopped using it daily. I was looking for a journal for a combined weight loss and meal planning guide but I didn't much like using this journal. I also wish examples of how to complete a day's journaling was provided to get an idea of what I needed to do.
Very cheaply made and did not last very long
Product seems good, but the main reason I choose these goggles is because they came with 2 nose clips for each set of goggles. However, we only received 3 nose clips and it should have been 4. I would like to see this issue resolved.
Not comfortable and difficult to put on.
While the gloves provide a good grip, once you are in the mud, it becomes counter-productive because your hands get slippery from the mud inside and outside the glove. I wouldn't use them again for a mud run.
Package and shipping came as described. Patella strap irritated above my patella. May be meant for another person, but not for my knee/injury. Nothing against the seller just not meant for my knee stability wise.
Purchased these for my teenage son's new bike. The stickers are highly reflective, however just after 2 weeks on the bike frame, all the edges are peeling off. I even ensured I wiped off all surfaces beforehand so they were free of oil and dust before applying the stickers. Disappointed!
Not a fan of this so call blanket... it's more like a throw for the couch to be perfectly honest. Which I don't mind, just don't expect a grand old blanket. And the graphics on the print is a bit lousy. I like it for 14.99 instead which is probably Amazon getting it for lol. Go lakers! 2019 Champs!
This product is marketed as being insulated, however it is not and that was the main reason for purchasing. This was very disappointing for me, only used it about 2 times and haven't used them since. If you want an insulated shaker this is not the one for you.
Too low to the ground-it's as if you are sitting on the ground making it difficult to get up. Handles are too tight even when they are at the loosest setting.
The velcro does not stick good enough to do a lot of movement during a workout
I was expecting a cheap holster and it is but they sent me a left handed holster and it says it's for right hand. The gun fits either way so I kept it BUT the bare slide will rub your stomach
The foot pedals were awkward and the straps didn't secure my feet. I never could get in a consistent rowing pattern without my feet slipping out. After several attempts I started having pain and bruising on the top of my feet.
A lot of the pieces didn't blow up. Said on the inside of the box to send back but doesn't seem worth the trouble, just needed for white elephant on Christmas Day.
Seems well made, but the paddle sunk the very first few minutes we had it in the water!!
too small for my 10 year old son, will have to throw away :(
Don't buy this if you need XL the size is misleading. It's a L nowhere close to XL.
Did not like how the thumb is pulled during use.bad for carpal tunnel
Have had this bulldog case for 2 months and may have used the mag pouch on the side of the case twice..two of the mag pouch covers just fell off..not enough material was actually stitched...
The product is great! Good quality! Though... the seller send me the pair of fines ! one fin small and the other XS
These rockets are light weight which is a plus for the product. But durability is great. After using these for 1 week with an average usage , the grip on the handle bar started off. I liked my previous one ( yonex) compared to this item. I do not recommend it.
I ordered a 4 pack but only the black and wine color arrived. The package was opened already within the amazon package. I would like the other two I paid for...
I have had 2 of these in the last 8 months. They are cute, but the plastic tab that anchors it to the fitbit breaks within a few months.
they didn't deliver bow when they said they would. still waiting on it. 4 days past the date they told me.
The elastic opening around the ball of foot it weak and thin. This causes the sock to roll and bunch up when sliding foot into shoes. I can feel the rolled portion on the bottom of my foot during every step.
Cards bended while playing poker
This floatie is nice but it definitely is NOT compatible with a 20 lb child. Disappointed because we've been searching all summer for a floatie for our 22 lb toddler.
Stitching was done bad, not sure these are authentic.
It was a nice watch but it died in one night and never charged so I don't recomend this watch
We order these and didn't get them all was suppose to 6 pairs we got 5 pairs and one single sock
Not as expected. Either I couldn't get them to work or they were defective. I'm no rocket scientist, but I think they were defective. Nice size, but...
Compact and useful IF you can get rid of the odor and flavor. As it advises; I brewed tea in it, used fresh lemon with hot water with no change in flavor.
Its ok the ends curl up so it looks funny when on
I like the look and quality! but it is not useful. It is way too narrow and there is no give. good for lap tops, or light packing but just overall does not hold that much unless you stack it tightly and on top of each other.
The wraps are OK possibly for a kickboxing class but not made for every day use for those training in Muay Thai or other martial arts. The velcro on one of the wraps started coming off and they are a bit thinner than other wraps I use. I'm going to use as a back up pair in my training.
I like the product however it arrived with a hole in the screen so of course that's disappointing
We bought this for my son's 11th birthday. He was super excited! However, within just a few days, part of the rim broke, and could not be repaired. I emailed the company regarding this, but never received a response. This was an expensive gift for our son, so it was a huge letdown to him (and us) that it broke so quickly. Overall, we are disappointed in the quality of the item.
The marker will NOT erase. I even used water and Windex, and the marker still won't come off. The wheel now has permeable writing and this will make it hard to use for other events.
very dim and didn't shine far at all.
It was only 2 pounds and there were no weights to increase it to 5 pounds. It suggested using rice.
Too difficult to load ammo on this strip. I suggest getting the eight round strip I first ordered by mistake. Much easier to load the eight round strip with five rounds then the gun. The eight round strip was just as easy to carry.
Faded very fast and most didn't spin
This product worked really great for about 6 months but as time went on, the battery drained quicker, the little band that keeps the excess watch band length attached also broke after about a month, that was a little disappointing. I also don't think the usb charger can handle being pulled in and out of the band because mine broke after about six months and now half of the usb stick is stuck in the band. I guess you get what you pay for, they can't all be winners.
The socks that came were all black with dingy gold trim. Disappointed. The socks in the picture look brighter and have the white background to see the logo.
Not Mayan Cocoa Spice tea as sold in US a few years ago. Sorry--and the company is not so up and up on sending the right quantity I ordered. (luckily Amazon refunded for me the missing quantity).
The thing I'm most worried is that it had a tampering tape that was not really tamper proof since the tape was unglued. i could open it and the tamper tape was intact. Not sure it was new. I has to sterilize it per the website to feel a bit better about it
The calf fit was great but the foot part was so lose it didnt do any good.
This is nothing more than a back brace.
Just buy gorilla glue
Blind was easy as it says to set up, but came with holes in the fabric. Unfortunately I didnt open it until we got to our hunting site. Gave 2 stars due to the ease of set up. Would have given 1 if not for that.
Do NOT buy from this seller. My package was lost in the mail! I did get a refund so that's why I gave them 2 stars but was very upset I didn't get the rings
Update Wore this for the second time and the bottom of the zipper separated and broke immediately fortunately it was still eligible for a replacement we will see how the new one holds up when I get it on Monday Original Great for the price only downsides are the zippers on mine and my friends are hard to get started and the fact that there is no molle on the front means you are stuck with the load out it comes with as all the pouches attach with Velcro but for the price it is definitely worth it
2 weeks of use and the stitching is coming out. 2 weeks!! Seriously look elsewhere.
I bought this to track my walking laps at the gym. When it arrived battery was installed in device and it was dead! Looks like they either installed it already or it was a return, either way battery was dead. I went to the store, paid $6.00 for a new battery, which I was not sure was the problem. I put it in and seems to be working well. So, do not buy unless you want to buy a new battery right away.
cheap looking and light
These may be low rise but not as low as pictured and NOT the item pictured... Wasted purchase...
Playing in the grass and the kids were so excited to play, they began before the net was even set up. Didn't hit the racquet on anything and two strings broken within 10 minutes. Don't have much hope for the remaining 3 racquets. Net is nice but set from WalMart for $25 had better racquets. I would expect higher quality for what we paid.
Thought I got the right size but it's too small.
This is a single headband only, not two headbands, also the price on the package UPC from the manufacturer is $5 less than the price of this item.
Item Never Received!!
The brace is not very adjustable ( at least if you wanted to make it tighter for a smaller arm) and I was not able to make it tighter. The sleeve was okay but did not have mich compression. The only compression was on the ends where the elastic band was.
Wore the glove 5 times and the seam ripped out.
Did not fit well at all in my 17. It was too large and had to grind it with a Dremel tool to make it fit properly. Very disappointed with this product.
Uncomfortable on bare feet.
Very low compression. Came in a small cardboard box instead of pressurized cans. Poor quality
I bought this for my husband to wear while working. He's had it since Christmas so barely even two months. It snapped in half the other day. Highly disappointed. Not at all the quality that is claimed to have.
Wasn't a good fit. Sent it back. Looked like good gear just not for me
The ball is too hard to grasp during exercise. Instructor feels that the ball I received is old.
I'm having the hardest time trying to put this thing up I might have to hire someone just to put it up
I went by the sizing guide for my step daughter and these socks were WAY too small.
In my opinion, these are not unisex. The silver along the edge is sparkly/shimmery and not masculine. The black fabric on the inside, which would be next to the skin, is fluffy, sticks out, and not masculine. The picture and description are misleading. Aside from the appearance, they seem to be a lower end quality and bulky. They are not snug to the head feel flimsy when adjusting. I bought these for my husband and will not be giving them to him.
This is great aside from the fact that the bar spins when you try to do a pull up. My kids love it and it was easy to install so I guess we are keeping it. I just wish the bar wouldn't spin...
I was expecting more. I hit a 7 iron 145 yards. About 132 yards with Snell's. I bought 2 dozen. Threw them away. Not kidding.
Very uncomfortable. I didn't like it at all.
Great quality shirt but the size chart and the XXXL is not a XXXL
First time using it and one of the straps came completely off. The only way to use this thing from now on is laying down. Sucks that the first time I use it, it breaks
I'm getting away from Moultrie. Have 5 of them with solar chargers etc. they're glitchy. This one sometimes takes pics, sometimes not. Have it over corn and can see one day the bin is full and couple days later it's empty, but very few pics in between. I have one of those panoramic cams and lasted about one season. Got a Browning on sale and outs these to shame.
I ordered an extra large shirt & received a medium. I reordered & stated in the notes what I received. The new order came & of course I was sent another medium shirt. I think I'll send both back & order a different brand.
Bit disappointed. Didn't receive my third most resistant band. Only the first two levels. Really like this too, bummer.
The shoes were priced low for a reason, the shoes barely lasted a month.
The quality of the picture is terrible
Not enough padding on the palms and it doesn't extend to the next knuckle like I hoped.
The item arrived broken. The shot glass size looks smaller than normal shot glass, but that's ok for me, might not be ok for people who are looking for full size.
It was too small for an adult large
I was so excited to get home and use this. The box was opened inside the amazon box and it doesn't have any batteries.. looks like someone went through the whole package before it was shipped everything was out of place and shoved back inside. First bad amazon experience
Disappointed in the quality of the items received. Lots of marks and deformities on the ball once blown up.
Plate was difficult to install................ I had to file one side and part of the top of the inside face in order to make it fit. It looks OK once installed, but it was a needless hustle and now I have a less than perfect part in my gun - I kept the original rear cover plate.
Had to modify to fit. The square hole doesn't line up to clip in.
Had to return it. Extremely small bands. Does not fit a 9 year old.
Way too light to play with. Hated it
Received this product in the mail when opening it the first thing you see is a warning letter from the factory telling you to test it that it may not work. And of course mine did not. Upon emailing the customer service. A response telling me just to return it to Amazon and go through the process with them. The strip light itself works but the connector pigtail from the switch to the light is the issue have to wiggle or hold wires precisely so to make light come on.
Spent extra money assuming it was high quality because it was a name brand. WRONG! Broke within two days. My previous generic netting lasted longer. Not worth the money, if for any reason, principle only.
I got this thinking it would help to suck in my ENTIRE stomach area, but unfortunately it comes no where close. It gets about half your stomach. Which means it will give you a horrible muffin top. On the bright side it does secure whatever it does cover decently tight, I did have to loosen it up. I wish the velcro exceeded more just because I know I can tighten it more, but it won't go beyond what it already has. I can't recommend sizes since it is made horribly small regardless. Would not recommend.
I never received the Item the wrong one was sent and did not re-order it
Love the bottle and the handle that it has- however, the straw comes with a separate piece that goes on the top of the straw to prevent it from falling in the bottle... it's the worst! It doesn't stay on and if I ever misplace it, I can no longer use the straw without having to dig it out of the bottle! It's very frustrating!
Low quality, not happy with this product.
I received everything as promised with one very noticeable exception. The tools were not adaquate to remove the old band. One driver is correct, but the other is not a star pattern at all and thus unusable. Total waste of money.
Like the knife well-built but the Engraving you have to read it four times to understand what it says., I guess you get what you paid for.
It just didn't work for me. Voices seemed to be distorted.
I've used both original and pro. Original is cotton + matte VS. Pro is synthetic + shiny. The roll inside the seemingly correct package was definitely original. Not shiny, no reflective pattern. It may have been a mix-up but mine was definitely wrong.
Well like they say. You get what you pay for, the sights are ok. Nothing special about them. Next time I will just pay more for better sights.
I bought one of these at a sporting goods store and it worked perfectly. I bought a couple more here on Amazon but unfortunately, I didn't set them up right away. The Amazon ones don't work, too late to send back. I would buy this locally and pay the few extra dollars. The original one I bought works great. I was able to figure out what was attacking my ducks (it was a fox)
Bands are good quality however I thought they may be a little larger that bands that came with Versa. They are a tad smaller! It's a shame fitbit only makes bands for those already in top shape.
What a bummer. I was super excited for these. Read the book, watched the dvd, tested my outlets. Ready to go. Maybe these work for other people but they did not work for me. I used them religiously for months. Slept with them every night. Nothin.
The order was for 28 gram tungsten not 17 gram brass. bait and switch crap
Battery dies fairly quickly
Cool concept, but when it arrived one of the lighting tubes would not work, so only half of the vest lit-up.
Though I loved having the multiple options when it came to colors these bands are extremely difficult to change! It takes me and my husband a few minutes before we can even get them off. Would strongly suggest against them unless you want to break your nails every time you change the band.
I wanted to love this one! Took it out of the container, followed the short instructions, and filled with pre-filtered water to test it. Pros: The "straw" part is covered so that it will not get dirty while carrying. Many bottle skip this part. So the water is filtered, but your lips touch areas that come in contact with other contaminants . This was a PLUS! Lightweight, but held enough water Comes with a carabiner to hang on backpack No strange taste Rubber bottom to prevent slips (Another review mentioned that it tips over. I did not seem to have that problem. It appears they fixed that issue.) It arrived factory sealed so I knew it was not used Cons: The quality is mediocre. However the flimsy plastic also makes it lightweight. Made in China. Although not desirable, it is difficult to find one not made in China - including the more expensive ones. The deal breaker is that it LEAKS from the top if squeezed at all. It leaked when I drank as well as when I tipped and touched it. I tried multiple times by drying off the the top and tightening. Still leaked. Tried it on other bottle bases that I had at home. Although it was better with mine, it still has a small leak. Another person said that it tips over. I did not seem to have that problem. It appears they fixed that. However, I had to return because of the leak.
I ordered this helmet because my daughter needs a chin strap this year. This helmet did NOT come as pictured [with the snap post]. The tag also does not include the word "Pro" as did the description/title of the item.
Not as brite as the image shows. Quality could be better.
Good material and comfortable but they fall off your ass. It's weird cause usually spandex hugs, these feel like they lack some rear end material.
Faded quickly before the season is even over!
They are for looking good in boxing classes but if you are a boxer then stick to the wraps as these will NOT save your hands (ok on speed bag)
To small. Needed 4xl
The softness is great....just too big
This thing is built really well, but it is gargantuan. I'm 5'10" and I feel like I should be at least 6'4" when I'm using it. It's a little too tall, the bench is a little too long, the the headrest sits too high. It takes up way more room than I thought it would, especially when you add the leg extension portion. I am able to use it fine, but it's pretty heavy. So, moving it around (for my wife) isn't that easy. I wanted a high quality bench, but not one that was made for the Rock.
The red/black pair of sock are poorly sewn, seam on heel had 2” gap and the orange/black were the same, I didn't try any others, because I became discussed, and went to an old pair I had. They'll have to be sewed before I can wear them. I liked the look though,
Purchased several of these. The first one I used, the snap broke the first time I opened it. The rest have been fine, and I don't know if I will try to return the one that broke... it is just frustrating.
Bougt these for my dude and he said they fit pretty snug. And that they ripped a bit when he put them on. Disappointed that the quality wasnt good. The logo looks nice on the sock itself.
I am returning as the handle was very slippery & difficult to grip. Going to try another model.
The button to turn it on and off stops working after minimal use...
well the first rack i got was a gift, but the second one i ordered would not hold the balls in place on either side so i returned it hoping the product will improve as i liked the first one.
Mirror is a reflective film and not glass. Image is so distorted making it unsafe to use in traffic. Can not make out approaching vehicles. Otherwise product is good.
After a few times focusing the rubber inside fell apart so it it doesn't slide smoothly.
This product might work for some, but they tended to leak a lot for me and my eye lashes wiped against the lenses, so they were a little short sighted as well.
NOT MADE BY HARRIS, it's made in China. Though it is aluminum and functional, the quality is not great. My Harris Bipod does not seat well against this adapter. Even when tightened, there seems to be a bit of play. I will keep the item since it's cheap, but will be purchasing a better adapter.
I've had mine for 10 months. The pouches are pretty small, too small for things like regular sized cold-packs, 8" trauma wound bandages, etc. The items provided in the kit are not professional grade, but I knew that going in. The fatal flaw are the cheap zippers. After zipping just 1 or 2 times, I had 3 of them break.
I wanted something simple and cheap to count my steps and track my sleep. Unfortunately, this product does not accurately count my steps. If I am walking with my hand on a stroller or holding a baby, none of those steps are tracked. As for sleep tracking, it only tracks sleep during “normal sleeping hours” apparently. So if you are napping during the day or work the night shift, this doesn't help. I have it 2 stars because of the price. You get what you pay for.
broke very eaily and fast lasted for a week
Really hard to put in my sons Child size 11 shoes. Broke one of them while putting them on
This ball turned my arms into hamburger. Might as well have been passing a rock. Bought to help a middle schooler practice in the backyard. Would not recommend. Two stars only because it is well constructed.
Was satisfied with product, but purchased 2 & they were shipped separately, 2nd did not arrive until days later, as this was a gift wasn't really pleased with the separate deliveries
There are better ones out there.
way to small ordered a extra large
Bought these to workout with after a few months the ear bud fell apart and the wire came apart from it cheaply made. Would not recommend not even for a descent headset.
At first the gun seemed like a great purchase because it has steel rods inside a plastic casing making it heavy like a real AR but because the heavy parts are held together by plastic the stock broke off after just dropping it on the ground 1 time.
Zero retention = Sitting down the wrong way will cause your magazine to get pushed up/out
The rear female connector were too far back under the rear back rest to connect the male into it . It cost me about $20 to buy parts to extend the connectors.
The lid of the bottle broke after 3 uses...
Signs faded within 4 weeks. Will not buy again
Worked good for a couple months... Shut off, now won't turn back on after charging 🙄
Says youth but more like child. The boy is skinny and it was still too small
I was hoping that it would attach to the bar an unfortunately it does not.
Looks can deceiving, When I got my bag, it looked liked a good backpack. It ripped in the seams the very first time I used it. I thought I was getting a bag with some decent room, but it ended up being a smaller backpack then it portrayed to be.
You get what you pay for. The Olympic Barbell fitting is too large for most bars. I can't imagine that a CAP barbell would be this large either or no other brands would fit their bars. The two pictures show the discrepancy in sizing from standard Olympic barbell sleeve diameters. Don't recommend. Spend the extra $0.10 a pound and get something that won't shake on the bar.
Got mine in yesterday did not come with the DVD guess I got to figure it out myself
It's one of very few that take your blood pressure. I'm not yet sure how accurate it is. I lap swim for exercise and it's still works like normal after I get out but it does not record anything. My biggest pet peeve is it does not keep good track of my history. It does not give all the readings of my blood pressure I took in a daY. It only records my sleep sometimes.
It doesn't do what it's supposed to. Despite following all of the instructions, the Chill Pad remains wet. So basically it's like tying a wet bathing suit around your neck. Really disappointing, I had high hopes.
Doesnt work for arlo. Died in a week
Beautiful knife but I CANNOT figure out how to close it?? If anyone can help please let me know
Ordered a dozen tan billiard chalks - only ten came in the box - very disappointing.
smaller than I thought
Popped them in and INSTANTLY noticed a distortion in the center of my view. It's a curvature that creates a magnification type view. It goes from top to bottom. They are NO GOOD.
The description of the straws says this item comes with a straw cleaning brush. Sadly my order did not contain the brush. I purchased the replacement straws because the new Flow water bottle I purchased for my daughter didn't have the straw in the box. The straws work fine. Two stars for not including the cleaning brush.
This is a flawed product. It's unstable on wooden floors which limits its effectiveness.
I am glad the goods arrived sooner than I expected. But I was disappointed. It is not a yoga towel, it is a hand towel. It is much smaller in size than the towel in the picture. And that makes me upset.
The inner part of the umbrella is black, which I didn't like....
It's nice to have a complete set, but the quality of the pool sticks is not good. Within a month the tips are breaking off. Returned, got new sticks and the same thing happened.
The sliders are very small and don't slide well
The bike was good at first but after a month or so it started to deteriorate. This was only riding it once to twice a week. It rocks back and forth. I have checked the leveling several times. The seat does not stay. If you adjust it, don't expect to ever be right again. It squeaks everywhere as well.
So I got the 2 pack. One was the antique silver and the other was rose gold. The antique silver one seems to be good, the downside is the round locket parts kind of stick together. The good thing about the rose gold one was it unfolded a lot easier than the antique silver one but it also did really disappoint me. Mostly because only one of the wings lock into place and the other one wouldn't even come close to being in place, even if I were to try and bend it into place. Basically the wings were very I'll shaped/fitting. Also, for either of the lockets you will probably have to either tape the pictures in or glue them in because there isnt really anything there to hold them into place.
Loving this new band! I just got it so I can't really tell you how it's going to hold up, but it looks really nice, and makes my Charge 3 look very classy. The band is very flexible, and clasps with a strong magnet. The color does not match exactly. It is slightly darker. But you can barely tell and overall it looks very nice. I find that this band is way more comfortable than the band it came with. I sleep with it every night and I've had zero problems. For the price it is well worth it. UPDATE: Just a couple of weeks wearing this and it has faded a LOT. I don't get it wet, and kinda disappointed the “rose” is completely gone. Changed it to a 2 star because of this.
Doesn't give accurate count of steps. Counted steps while sitting still.
Mat is pretty and looks great for yoga. Shame about the awful odor upon opening. It really stinks and it's a chemical odor, not a natural one. Airing it out and hoping odor goes away
Doesn't stay up well, which is disappointing.
I bought these as replacements for ones I had on my old bike. These seem to be a second generation knock-off of the original design. These do not fit the spokes as well as the original ones did. (from another source) The supplier of these has seen fit to include a small zip tie with each light in an apparent attempt to remedy their ill-fitting design. These do work … but I will continue to look for the better ones.
I ordered these same gloves, large in black, and they fit perfectly. These coyote large, are way too small.
The resistance level was as expected but the band kept breaking apart into shorter and shorter pieces! Looking for a better quality band now.
For something that came prepackaged, I am little confused to how this happened. I am going to email them and hope theu send me new ones....
My first one stopped working after 6 months. Bought a new one and now it has stopped working after 4 months.
Work glasses were ok until one speaker stopped working. Got them exchanged for new ones just to have the same thing happen to the new glasses I really like them but they keep being defective
Very uncomfortable. Grandson won't wear it. Waste of money.
Sizing chart was inaccurate. Too large for my child and also very wide in general. They threw in surprise arm floaties, so that was nice..... just would have rather had a proper fighting jacket and no floaties. Took a long time to ship.
Doesn't stick well to certain things in my cars. It. And loose so I had to use gorilla glue to put them back on.
I would have given 5 stars overall as the goggles are great, fit well, no glare, and great in the sun. However, the rubber is burning on the skin. I did let try other family members and they had the same burn around the areas - with and without sunscreen. Will switch to Arena and see how those work out.
Had it less than 2 months. Very wobble and now it's making a clicking sound. Trying to get with customer support and it's very complicated. Wish I would've tried out in a store before I bought it.
I purchased this light in 2017 and attached it to an AR-15. I don't shoot that often so the AR with the light attached has been in a safe much of the time. However on my 2nd trip a couple weeks ago I put a lot of rounds through the AR. During a break, I had the AR grounded on a table and a buddy noticed the light was on. I thought the pressure switch on the forward grip was touching the table and causing the light to stay on. Nope. It appears that the pressure switch went bad. I put the normal tail cap on and it goes on and off as normal, so definitely a remote switch issue. So I can't say I would recommend this light for shooting, overall it's a nice little light..bright enough...but I wouldn't buy another one to mount on a rifle and use a pressure switch for activation. There are just a couple things you can't go cheap on with guns...that's optics and lights.
These light up great but the zipper pops open and the beads inside spill out. Not happy abiut this!
They break out my wrist
It works great.. i only 159 lbs if u r more tha around that pls dont order... its not that strong but works great if not too heavy
I really like the design of this water bottle, but it started leaking the second time I used it. I had to throw it away and buy a different product.
They make your hands sweat.
Fits way smaller than says
Mirror is small and very hard to see with. Mirror surface is also not smooth which makes it more difficult to see.
They feel well made, but after flipping them up and locking them back down a couple times they no longer lock down. I guess for the price, ya can't be mad. Doubt I'll buy another set, but for what they are I'll keep them.
Very poor quality it should be marked as 1 Star ...
The feet were not made with durable fittings and would not go in the holes for setup.
This is very thin and don't think it would offer much protection
you advertise razor sharp blades on your broadhead blades you could not cut butter with these dull blades
Very uncomfortable, inconvenient to put on, way overpriced for a piece of plastic. I had to buy a different type of cup. I wish I could return it.
I shoot long distances and powder management is a big deal. I bought this item, after watching the Hornady ads on it) hoping to get the accuracy that I need. I am disappointed. It is not as accurate as advertised and it 'acts up' most of the time. I wanted it to work but it isn't what I wanted. The 30 day return time is expired so I have a $200.00 paper weight. All in all I am happy with Hornady items and very happy with Amazon Prime.
I'm really disappointed because I love the way this looks and feels and it's easy to get on and off, BUT it keeps catching and snagging on my clothes. I've been wearing it for a week or two and I've been putting off switching back to my old band, but today it snagged my favorite pair of pants so that's the last straw! If they could fix the edges of the bands so it wouldn't catch on things then it would be 5 stars!
Left and right socks were slightly different lengths. One was up to my knee and the other was on my knee.
Knife had burrs on the edge, 3/5 sharpness and the clip was rendered useless after 5 days of use. I've gotten much better knives for the same price.
Color leaked into clothes
I bought this knife for my friend as a gift, and I was very disappointed with the results. The knife seemed fine at first, and when I gave it to my friend he really liked it.. But! As soon as he unbuttoned the sheath, the button completely fell off, and it was very difficult to take the knife out and put it back in the sheath... We both figured as long as the knife stays in good quality then no biggy right? Little did we know that shortly after wards the knifes handle became loose, therefore the knife itself ended up being a piece of junk. Besides the terrible quality it was very sharp, but that's it. Very disappointed. Don't waste your time or money on this knife.
It's too big; I was looking for something more delicate.
I received my product but didn't get the ebook
Wore watch about a month before it broke and stopped charging
For starters it came with the box completely opened and the contents of the box were spilling out. It did not pair with Bluetooth quickly. I had to try a few times. This thing does not count steps accurately and does not always detect when you are walking. I took some steps, counted them myself and new steps were not recorded. The sms, messages, call notifications etc. do not pop up or vibrate on iPhone 6 when activated and the VeryFitPro app is not compatible with my Google Nexus tablet! Unfortunately I purchased two of these at once assuming that all would be well based on the 4 star ratings. Not satisfied with this fitness tracker. The heart rate monitor is a cool feature if I have to say something positive but overall huge disappointment! I regret this purchase.
I was so excited to get this band. I read so many good reviews. But unfortunately, this one didn't work out for me. I was so disappointed. The metal seemed sturdy and the magnet seemed really strong. I would get the one clasp in no problem. But the second clasp just..would..not..go..in. It became extremely frustrating. I even had my boyfriend try numerous times and he couldn't get it. I tried different metal clasps and nothing worked. I even sent my original back and requested a new one be sent but I encountered the same problem with the second one. I've never had this issue with any other band.
The bag is lopsided when worn. This has been an issue from Day 1. At the time, I figured it was just that the bag needed to "settle", but it's always lopsided. Adjusted the straps and done anything possible to fix it but it doesn't wear on the body properly. Otherwise very nice. Just disappointing!
Discharges in a couple of days and there is no point in buying this useless tracker. There are better trackers whose batteries last for atleast a few weeks. I hope they fix the battery life for this tracker.
The heaviest one lasted less than 10 days. Luckily, I can wrap the rings around different fingers and still kind of use it. Even a broccoli rubber band lasts longer. Seems like a good idea just poor execution.
I have others like this and its a great cup but it arrived damaged and appears used.
Thought it was bigger
I do not like these bands, I spend so much time re-doing them from rolling up that I can't focus on my workout. The quality of them seem poor.
While smooth and soft which we like, it's so small where your teeth go that kids can get a good bite on it.
Pros: Perfect size, weight, and balance for a bushcraft, camping, or all purpose axe. It feels really good and I like the all metal design. Cons: The blade looked pretty awful. Knicks, uneven surfaces, and what appear to be areas on the blade where it was pressed against the grinding device awkwardly when they were trying to shape the blade. It will take a good bit of time trying to reshape and recover the edge. Overall it looks like I received a quality assurance reject that was resold via amazon
they slip very easy while playing any running sport. They wont stay at the thigh level. They always drop to the knees and always needs to be pulled up. not worth.
The ball marker kept falling off, finally on the back 9 I lost it. Just keep it in your pocket instead of relying on the magnet. Glove will last a few rounds then it rips and stretches out to much. I wear XL but bought Large due to this. Still stretched to long.
Not very warm, lost one and wasn't too unhappy about it.
Product is great. However, it was falsely advertised as receiving a $20 mail in rebate. When the box arrived it showed that the rebate ended after I received the item.
Not a good buy. This is cheaply made and does not assemble easily. We nice assembled it does an adequate job of holding the dumbbells and looks as advertised. I would not buy this product again if given the opportunity.
Such a beautiful bottle, But it didn't even last more than a month! The button started to pop out and now it won't even close, such a disappointment.
Well built, but too small. Fits my 10-year-old as it should, but this isn't man-sized.
Extremely fast shipping, but the quality of the procuct leaves much to be desired. The compass on each of them does not work, and the striker needs to be "struck" countless times before there is a spark. The buckle itself works, as well as the whistle.
This piece literally broke before I could even clip it the first time. The angle is unsafe, both daughters fell. It would help if had a rail of some sort. The idea is pretty cool and the steps aren't painful the step on like others.
They sent me the wrong kind :( returned
These did nothing for my knee pain They fit poorly. I would not recommend this product
very fragile mounting, the glass cracks easily around the two tiny screws
Works well but eats batteries way too fast
Fits like a medium at the hip but was huge in the chest and shoulder areas. I am 5'2 and 120 lbs.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the customer service person was nice. Although he couldn't solve the problem that the machine didn't work at all. The wheel and the pinch plate were too close together, the balls couldn't get through and jammed and stopped the wheel. Didn't work at all...not one pitch. Hopefully it was just a one off thing. Bummer.
I gave it three chances, the pain from it did not get better, my muscles didn't "melt" into it. Very uncomfortable. Nicely made. Sold to a friend.
I've heard so many good recommendation about this product, however, this just doesn't work for me. I had a showcase coming up and (who knows what's wrong with me) my hands suddenly starting sweats a lot. I was sliding crazy and my instructor suggested for me to get this grip aid. Turn out, it got more slippy as this gets on my hand. It works for everyone else, just not for me. how frustrating it was I had to turn to pole gloves.
This is not a foam roller, although it looks like one. The outer shell is hard plastic. Most importantly, whatever level of vibration you put it on, the vibrations seem to cancel each other out significantly so it really just hums loudly. I use different electric rollers at the gym and they all provide a better, deeper massage than this on. The unit is otherwise perfectly fine, it just didn't meet my expectations.
Literally pulled this thing out of the package, added powder and water, and shook it three times and the lid cracked. Not a quality product which is a shame because I liked the compartment features. I wouldn't but this thing.
This shirt is cute to look at but seemed very narrow through the shoulders. I could hardly move my arms. I have sent the item back for a refund.
This doesn't work very well. Not enough ics cold water running through the pad.
Kind of cheap Chinese junk, but decent for basic gunsmithing. Should be 20 bucks or less!
If you sit with your legs crossed, it's very noticable. Not comfortable. Only good if you're standing.
This watch worked well, was waterproof. However, the band is horrible. The watch piece frequently popped out of the band, the band regularly caught on things and came undone. Finally, last week I lost the watch. (I had previously bought another band, but it didn't fit any better so I kept using the original band.) I would not recommend buying this because of the poor watchband fit.
These sunglasses are giving me headaches when I wear them. I wasted my money.
I just got it. I went ahead and tried it on, only to find out that it doesn't fit. The straps are too long.
They run SMALL first off. Second they feel like the lining slides out if you don't hold it tight while taking off the gloves. And as far as warm...meh. But I guess as the saying goes "you get what you pay for". These are probably good shoveling/snow blower gloves. That's it.
Didn't work as described
Action was OK before filling with water and sinking. Tried another, same thing, same with the next one too. I just returned them after that. Frogs are supposed to float. These didn't.
Daughter hates it. Won't stay in place.
My son love his bag, however it did not come with the shoulder strap. I would love to get it
It is very difficult to spin. Nothing I try gets it to spin more than about 5 clicks. So my customers think it is rigged. Do not buy this product.
need the other attachments
Fabric texture doesn't agree with my sensitive feet
Does not work,waste of money.
Very thing fabric, definitely not a yoga pants
I bought this for a gender reveal, but the colors were visible on the outside. We had to our sharpie over the colors. They still got on our hands while we were preparing them. I wouldn't use this for a gender reveal because the colors show. Other than that, the powder was very vibrant and it turned out nice.
Probably my mistake as, in the past the size of canned air was much larger. After checking 10 OZ and 4 of these were a little over $10.00.
Could be better if comes in small sizes.
A little bigger than what I was looking for.
Decent looking system but the glass around the rim joints has started to crack on both sides with the cracks growing each week. Went unused for much of winter, we've played on it maybe a dozen times.
I really loved this ban. I just received yesterday and the metal that the clasp is connected to is broken. I want another one because I really do like it. So I just set to return it already.
I love the look / pattern of the band but it already broke. The plastic that holds the watch on broke off. It didn't last long. So disappointed.
Look carefully at the pictures and read the description, this may not be what you think it is. Once you've put these laces on, you trim them so they cannot be adjusted longer again. The directions that come with the laces in the package and the YouTube video are both pretty unhelpful. The best pictures are actually the ones here with the for sale item. We will see how they hold up, but my biggest disappointment is because I thought I was getting elastic shoelaces that you could adjust, I did not realize these would not work with shoes that don't have holes. I bought them to replace shoelaces that were removed from a pair of shoes that have loops, not holes. So the little plastic clip totally shows and I seriously doubt it's going to hold up. I added a picture to show what I mean about the loops. The shoe on the left has the original laces and the shoe on the right has these leases that I purchesed (not trimmed yet). There's no way to hide the little plastic clips because of the design of the shoes. The second picture shows a single shoe with holes.
End cap housing snapped off after a couple uses. Superglued it back on. Very loud annoying noise when I use it.
The light that lights up when connected Burned out the second time I used it and every time I use it I have to use tape because the connectors are so crappy that if I leave it hanging from my bench table it gets unplugged . very disappointing.
I was so excited to purchase this item, after reading all the reviews I was sure it would be great. It arrived 10 days after promised as well as the side zipper hooks have already broke after 1 week of use. So now its sitting on a closet shelf. I wont be purchasing Items from them again.
My daughter bought this for me and I am reviewing through her site. Must not have enough hair for product. I have long thick straight blond hair. Hate how tight other swim caps are so tried this one. Air trapped in cap- even when I expel all that I can. Creates a leak and my hair gets wet. To be fair.. I think it is too big. I am just writing this so others in my situation know that it might not work for them.
... I think this product is not worth the price. Way over priced in my opinion.
I bought the large going off their product description size chart, when we got the product my husband tried it on, it was not going to fit, I needed to exchange it, they charged me for exchanging and by an extra $15, then we received the second one, the XL, it was too small as well. My husband isn't that big...he isn't small either so these should of fit fine but they didn't and now we are stuck with a set of sleeves that do nothing but collect dust! Bullshit product to be honest
I shot one bullet then it just stopped feeding the bbs and yes i have the correct size, I think I might have gotten a bad one, Im planning on returning and having them send a good one. Seems like a good gun if it would actually shoot correctly
I really liked this band. It is comfortable and is a major upgrade from the cheap plastic one that comes with the Fitbit. However, the paint wore off right away so now it looks very cheap. The picture is after one month of use.
Strap is good, support loop attachment comes out very easy, causing strap to separate from weapon.
These pants are not true to size length wise. It runs really long. Wish I didn't buy them.
Ouch! Too sharp and uncomfortable for me. I could not get used to it and I have a high pain tolerance.Not every product is good for everybody. I'll go for some other treatment.
I bought this for my daughter, who has a neighbor with a 'nasty' dog. She recently had to use it on the dog and she responded that it did not deter the dog like the Fox 5.3 did. Dog does not learn from either product, but she noted the Fox spray did cause the dog to stop and turn back, this product did not.
These are attractive watch bands. I like the style. I do NOT like the clasping mechanism. This is my first experience with these kinds of band clasps (on my second Fitbit device), and I simply do not like it. I prefer the kind with the belt-type mechanism, where a prong fits securely into a hole and the residual band flap goes under strap and then a peg also plugs into the band holes. The Charge 2 bands are AWESOME. Much better than these. Attractive YES / functional NO.
In and of itself these are great but they smell horrendous. I've washed them 3 times and they still have an awful chemical smell.
Helped my husband knee, but material does not hold up very well.
Says it works for canned lights, but in reality the hole it cuts is too small for canned lights.
It's much larger than excepted and too big for intended use. Will get a lot of laughs and attention caring this into a gym or an event.
When i shoot some of the bbs would not come out of the clip. Not only that but the bbs were less accurate that the pellets.
Had suction issues and did not work well at all. So just went back to using original lid which works fine.
products were fine when I finally received them. Shipping carton was badly damaged. Sent to wrong Dist. Center and took 2 weeks to get here. Luckily the products were OK.
Liked the band, but within the 1st week a button fell off it. So I did the return. Because I bought it as a lightning deal,I now have to pay extra to replace a defective band. Not cool. Especially since I also paid more to buy another band of the same type for my wife I liked it so much.
The carrying strap is great, however the mat is so slippery it is difficult to practice on it.
The bat looked good upon purchase but my grandson used it in a baseball game and it bend/ dented on the first hit. Not a good buy. Had to use a team mate bat til his mom purchased another one.
Very unfinished. Rough surface.... poor 3D printer quality
ripped on third wear. pants have no pockets.
Cheap. Strap broke the first day.
The ring was very comfortable. At times I had to check if it was still on my finger. I say was, because it somehow ripped in half while I was working out earlier today. It lasted almost two weeks. I will have to order another one. Would be a 5 star rating if it didn't rip on me.
It doesn't come down much beyond my regular visor. I drive into the sun both ways. While this helps, I can't just rely on this during early morning - the sun is still too blinding. Haven't really tried using it at night. Update: A week ago, the plastic clip holding the yellow section in place broke. So I'll never get to try using it at night. It lasted about 3 months.
Basically a good knock off
Did not have a timer. This was huge for me and the heart monitor was way off
They do work as described. I ordered two a purple and red one. The red one had no battery life. if would die within the day. The purple one wouldn't update and i had to constantly reconnect it to my phone.
Both gloves are ripped just above wrist, one of them has padding also coming off where the tear is from just under three months use. I found the Velcro also an issue, it is mostly open when I put it on and it ends up ruining many of my workout pants as it gets stuck to the material. The wrist strap should be longer so it would cover the Velcro. I do like that the gloves are open and your hand gets to breed but it also makes the glove feel a little loose sometimes.
Eh.... The nose piece is uncomfortable... I got some different goggles and gave these to my daughter.
They are super uncomfortable no matter what nose piece I use. Also has horrible prism effect.
Stickiness is ok, but the fit is way to bulky in the palm. Go a size down and the fingers aren't long enough. Cutters are more expensive, but all around better.
The size is not correct, large is a actually a medium/small
I tried to clean it with a mild soap and water and it rubbed off the color.. I threw it away
Quality is just not there. I realize it's 4x cheaper than apples product but sometime it's worth the price for a product that's smoother, stronger, and easier to use. The part where the strap is inserted to secure is extremely flimsy and 100% will break over time. It feels more rubber than silicone. After 3 weeks it became difficult to fold the strap in the strap hole. Too bendy.
This new formula is harder to double sleeve and the color is not accurate. Hot Pink is not the right description it is more like magenta or a dark pink. Will update on shuffle feel if I don't get frustrated by how hard it is to double sleeve.
I liked the look and feel of the cards, but the printing was off for a few and thus I can't play most games with them
I would not recommend this to anybody. Very cheap and it does not work.
Not worth it. This ball came with several small bulges. I would suggest spending a few more bucks and buy a higher quality ball . I would have given 1 star, but i guess it does hold air and bounce.
I bought this because I was told that Williams peep sights would improve my shooting. The problem is the peep sight adjustment isn't very accurate. You loosen the sight and move it by hand forward or backward, or from side to side with nothing to let you know how much you've moved it. You just have to keep fiddling with it ' till you get it right. This is the 21st century, we have sights that can be adjusted to a hundredth of an inch with good sharp clicks, Kentucky windage was okay in 19th century, but not anymore.
I was very hopeful that this would work. Regrettably it did not. I have a small head, a large nasal bridge. No place on my face was comfortable, few places on my face where it did not allow leakage. The few places where it did not leak, I had to tighten the straps tight to prevent water entry, and it was very uncomfortable, leaving deep imprints in my forehead. Looking at the many positive reviews, "your mileage may vary" is applicable. Overall, nice product, looks good, good strap and good quality plastic.
The vocal isn't loud enough and the first selection doesn't even work.
Seems cheap. I would not buy this for a Mac. It's not easy to connect and doesn't stay connected.
Hurt the bridge of my nose and eye sockets. Back on teh hunt for a new pair.
The seams started coming apart after 4 days. Returned it
Let me start by saying this helmet would be great for boxing. But I do Kung Fu. And unfortunately, the cheek protectors are a bit too big and it obstructs my view of seeing kicks. I'm going to have to buy something with less cheek padding and a clear face protector. But I do like Sanabul's quality.
These arrows look beautiful but they are not straight. Quite heavy in front.
Not the same one shown in the photo. Looks like the old model.
I had to return this item. There was not enough information and I needed a better quality rod.
Wow, it's unfortunate when you have such a good quality product but people who handle customer service so poorly. I purchased these gloves in September of 2017 and thought they were great! The product themselves are very comfortable (although the thumb area was a tad tight for movement), very durable, and very well made at a great price. The downside is that your product can very easily be overlooked when you're met with a bad experience from a customer service representative. I called their phone number listed here on Amazon because I had lost a glove earlier this year when I moved and figured I would just ask if it was possible to buy only one. I was expecting a no because I understand the costs and measurements could be different between gloves, as the representative let me know, but I wasn't expecting her to be so rude about it. After I had asked I was met with a strong and loud "NOPE! Nope!" in more of a condescending manner as if I was asking for another one for free. Then proceeded to try to inform me in a rude way why they can't do that. I'm saddened by the way this was handled, I wish there were other gloves of this quality on the market for around the same price because I'd rather buy those than from a company that left such a poor taste.
Very low quality product. Do not by it.
Comfortable grip, but the bade is far too thin and flexible and the sheath is poor quality. I purchased this to aid in my fieldwork where I work in the jungle in Vietnam. I've used proper kukri in the past in other parts of the world and those have been excellent for working in dense vegetation. This is to flimsy, the blade bends and wobbles and lack the mass that makes a kukri effective. This is essentially a short, oddly shaped machete that's not as effective as a machete due to the blade shape. It's also a bit long for dense vegetation.
Works well for catching small perch, pole broke with a larger bass. This thing is very cheaply made and each piece of the pole is thin enough to be snapped by hand.
One direct hit and they come off the base target they're attached to.
This foam roller gave me sciatica when I used it. I don't know if it's too hard or what the problem is. All I know I'd it took 3 weeks to heal.
The ID window was not as expected. Had to return it.
Order wrong size and having hard time to return for refund due to hazzard labels
Too thin and slippery. Can't seem to find well made leather gloves anymore.
I used this bag for less than a year and the strap broke. I like the style and size of this sling bag but i would expect it to last longer than around 10 months. I haven't used it in any harsh environments or conditions. I use it mainly for work and carry a laptop, food and occasionally a change of clothes. Today while climbing a staircase the strap broke causing the bag to fall to the floor. Fortunately the contents of the bag were not damaged. It looks like the stitching between the strap and the bag came undone or gave out. Good design, poor quality.
The edges cut off circulation. But if I don't put it on tight enough, it's worthless. Wish the edges didn't pull in more than the middle.
Purchased to use as a work light (construction) as I was tired of having to replace batteries in standard lights and they never seemed to be bright enough after the first couple hours. This is plenty bright (some people might complain it's too bright if you look at them with it on). However it doesn't appear to be very durable. Slid off my hard hat and broke the top clip that holds it to the band within a few days of purchase. Now anytime it gets bumped or hard hat gets dropped/falls/tosses the light pops apart. Wish there was some sort of indicator as well to let you know the battery charge left other than just not working all of a sudden. (Not able to plug in and charge on most jobsites) although the usb does offer multiple possibilities for charging.
Top & bottom handles ripped off during it's second trip. Fortunately, it can still be rolled by the top clipping strap, just not as comfortably. The center carrying handles are still ok. Otherwise, my clubs have survived both trips, and I like how light the case is, and the extra storage pockets.
I had to fabricate extensions to get the necessary vertical lift for the basket to cleat the hood of my Club Car. Am also in the process of designing longer brackets that will allow my folding windshield to clear the rear of the basket.
The light is very handy and the app is not bad however the water bottle looks and feels very cheap and it takes very bad. Even after multiple washes it tastes like plastic. I love the idea behind the bottle but think the execution of it is poor.
Seem decent quality and finish, simple to set and reset like master but the steel pins and shape of it do not fit either of my 3 various handguns or 2 rifles well. The steel pins are a bit stiff to compress and the shape does not give me a good fit like my master combo or my no name keyed locks, they seem to be designed for a larger trigger guard unlike handguns or or rimfire rifles.
After a month and a half the color is already coming off. I do not get it wet, wear it every day, or even expose it to things much - it is winter and I am in long sleeves mostly. I don't recommend it simply because it is not good for the long haul as the pink is quickly going to become beige.
Battery just work less than a day and the touch is sensible a lot
They flew off the racquet within the first week, never to be found again. I've gone back to using rubber bands.
The padding for your shins is horrible. Hurts your legs!
One corner of the table was damaged when we opened the box.
While this does provide some therapeutic relief to the arms, its also fairly uncomfortable and fairly irritating to the skin but how it rolls through a solid rubber roller. Would be much better if there were smaller rollers to contour to your arm, instead of pulling the skin and hair every which way. This will go into the closet and likely goodwill. Bummer, I had high hopes for this product
Garbage it was missing screws to hold the handle on
This part is not specific to the Club Car Precedent. The metal tubes are the wrong length and the bushing are not as thick as the originals
The fit was good but the elastic waist comes down super far and they really look like pregnant person pants and in my opinion should only be marketed as such. The tiny pockets on back will also make yr butt look big.
I gave only 2 stars because I will have to return it; very disappointed that I have to return. My son really liked it until he went to put in on & the found out the clasp isn't long enough to stay in the hole.
Quickly looked worn out. It fits fine just don't expect it too last.
Great price, horrible accuracy
Couldn't get used to the release, guess I'm too accustomed to a thumb break
Not able to zero out this laser properly. Does not hold zero.
The part I needed has been obsolete for a number of years photo look to be correct, but was not ..
I worked with someone from the company and couldn't get it to work. They were willing to keep trying. I wasn't. I bought a different one and have been happy with it.
First one I rec'd didn't fit. They sent a replacement out right away; however it turned my wrist green so now I can't wear it...money wasted.
My 10-year old son receive the watch for Christmas. He wore it frequently and enjoyed its features. It works very similar to the Fitbit. However, the watch will no longer charge. The USB plug for the watch no longer works. Although it is considerably cheaper then the I wish it had held up longer.
They serve their purpose but they are hard to see the bullet entry points. I would stick to either splat targets or something more contrasting such as blue rather than black targets.
I received small , i returned , no big size disappointed..
Nice looking, comfortable, and seal nice against the face, but when you put the goggles on they seem very blurry/hazy both in and out of the water.
They look well made enough but the colors are no where near as vibrent as they are in the picture. Would not buy again.
Not a fan of this jacket. The fit is very baggy, material doesn't match the picture, and this is a very warm weather jacket. Doesn't look like it will hold up well to wear either.
So the positive of this equipment is it was relatively easy to assemble and to use. I've haven't had it long enough to judge its reliability. But here are my negative issues: 1) When you stop pedaling, the pedals still spin so there is no idle while the flywheel is still spinning 2) The seat squeaks when you are pedaling. Still trying to see where it's coming from and can I fix it (vs. just getting a new seat) 3) The display is very basic and drains batteries. In order to change the battery, you have to unscrew the display from its bracket.. A REALLY bad design. The battery compartment should be accessible without removing the display from the bracket.
This is a first impression. I will correct it as soon as I have used it for a while. 1. The manual is worthless, apparently written by an employee of the manufacturer who pretended to write English, but can do so only very poorly. The instructions are few, scanty, and almost readable. And the typeface is unbelievably tiny. The manual is so generic, it doesn't name the maker of the device on the cover. 2. No stopwatch found. What good is a fitness watch with no stopwatch for running, walking, etc.? 3. Heart rate "monitor." The user sets his maximum desired heartbeat and the device warns when the user reaches it. But apparently no readout of current heartbeat. 4. More later. For now, glad that I have 30 days to return it.
I bought this to use while sitting idle watching TV. It really doesn't provide enough resistance to do any good. You also need it to be on a rug or "rough" surface. I use it on my wood floors and it just consistently slides away while I am using it. I would have returned it but I missed my return window.
I didn't receive the name tags for players. I tried calling and the number is disconnected. Also my board ripped a little when opening it because it was stuck together. You can see it towards the bottom the white line going across. Giving it a 2 for now unless they reach out and send the name tags.
Very colorful but sisal rope is not top quality.
Good plan, but the resistance bands were to long for my short legs. Provided zero resistance for me.
Product works, but too small, which makes it really uncomfortable to wear for longer then 5 minutes
I really loved the look of this band - wore it every day since purchase - it broke after three weeks. I'm not hard on jewelry, so am disappointed in quality. For the price, I didn't have exceptionally high expectations, but DO expect a product to last longer than a month.
The band feels nice good quality but the quick release keeps disconnecting the band from the watch
does not work well with long arrows
Bad shipping ! One of the handles was broke!!
Fit very small. Order 2 size up. It fit me and not my boyfriend for a mens XL.
If I am a Prime member why do I have to pay for return shipping?
Decent treadmill for beginners; it's very small and not meant for heavy set people. Speed only goes up to 10 and doesn't have different workouts like most treadmills; does not elevate; stays down in one position at all times.
the board was fun while it lasted. the battery quit holding a charge 6 months after it was bought, replacement battery is expensive. company would not replace it. stay away of this one
Not well casted. It rocks while on the ground. Didn't check the weight yet. Will update after
Very much trouble shooting, might get something else
I've gotten Sunny bikes before and really like them, but this one's a lemon. It's very loud in general, and as you stand or apply resistance, the bike periodically gets even louder or makes odd, rough sounds. One of the my pedals also keeps clicking. My past experiences with Sunny bikes have been very positive, but this is definitely a purchase I regret.
Lasted a few jumps, usually jumped rope twice a week. Rope slowly began deteriorating from the part the hit the ground until it eventually broke. Could not find companies contact email, since they hold a lifetime warranty. Wish it would have lasted longer.
This product actually never arrived at my house.
This air pump stopped working after the second time using it I would not recommend buying this pump
First, these do not cycle well from magazines in either pistols or rifles. They may even damage feed lips on mags. Therefore, these are worthless for a training aid. Second, they are brittle and have a limited life span. The only use for these would be for function testing since you can see a notch cut out in the cap after firing it so you can see if your firing pin is working.
This was a great gift for my 2 year old daughter. It didn't last long though. We could not keep the pieces that you hold on to to stay in. They kept just falling out when she jumped. Also it is not very sturdy. It is very wobbly. Very upset it didn't hold up better.
The included flip coffee lids are garbage. The seals don't work, even when torqued very tight (and I have XXL hands). The gaskets are substandard, and fall out when cleaned. Do you have lids that actually function properly?
Cheap, marine-type material. Fits my cart ok but it secures with a snap that doesn't hold very well. I'll be returning this purchase. I highly doubt it would last a winter in the Pacific NW.
When I opened the Amazon shipping box, the manufacturer's box inside was all ripped and beat up, so I can only assume the seller sent me a used product. Back it goes. Good ol' Amazon...
Goggles were well constructed but had a terrible glare on the inside of the lens making it extremely difficult to see underwater
Cap doesn't stay on when diving into the water otherwise it's great
excellent product but it the hardware that attached it to the watch broke within a week which caused damage to my watch when it fell off.
I hate leaving negative reviews but this towel is awful. I have tons of yoga mat towels and figured I would add a few more to my collection/ rotation. I loved the color which is the reason I have given it 2 stars but that's about it. I have used this towel on three separate occasions now, hoping the other two times were just flukes. The towel is super distracting as it is constantly bunching and sliding during poses & flows. I'm constantly readjusting - could not be more annoying! I have even slipped, the material is almost too smooth - if that makes sense. The three times I have used this towel, my yoga has been severely affected, so much I'm writing my first negative review. I would NOT buy this towel again nor will I be using it again. Bummer!
I love this band, it is pretty and goes with everything. But it only lasted 2 months, the design is already lifting and shows a lot of wear.
Not a very good fit when used on sighting pin.
I am a medic and I have used products like this countless times. This product however does not work with small fingers.
I ordered the correct part but when I tried to line the holes up they didn't match. The holes in the rail were about 1/32 of an inch off. The screws were also the wrong ones. Wrong thread. I sent it back. It looked good. Seemed to be well made and if it fit probably would have been excellent.
It works good. Not viscous or sticky. Breaks up the grime and leaves a nice lubricated surface. Does it work better than other less expensive clp products? My opinion is no. My criticism is the smell. It's strong and bad. My wife walked past the room I was using it in and said. “ Oh no! What ever that is, you cannot use it in the house again! It smells like vomit!” The scent is so powerful the entire main floor of the house smelled like vomit. The following week I shot 300 rounds through my pistol and when I broke it down to clean I could still smell it! I will not use again.
Wore this at work for a few weeks. I load delivery trucks so it's lots of lifting,squatting and walking. It didn't stay in place, and pinched the back of my leg. Ok concept, poor execution if it's going to be used for any kind of vigorous activity. Ended up donating it to the thrift store. Good thing it was only $10
Fabric terrible! Wrinkles at the lower leg and very thin . Not the nice cotton they used to be. Returned.
I really liked the idea of the time marked goals and the handle, but the bottle is useless to me because I can't clean it! It doesn't fit in the dishwasher, the top opening is so narrow and there's no way to scrub all parts of the bottle.
The buckle clasp doesnt hold firm on the belt. Not a good product. Would suggest getting a traditional belt with a built in buckle rather than this flimsy removable one.
The nose clip is very large and in my case obstructed my view. Both sides of the nose clip are visible in the inside corners of each eye. I returned the sun glasses for a refund.
The rings are sturdy and appear to be well made, but on my Winchester Model 100, I can't see the iron sites through the peep hole.
At first sight this umbrella looks good. I purchased it because I am outdoors in the sun alot. I am 6ft tall and this umbrella is so small it only covers my head and shoulders. So the size is disappointing and then the metal is so thin one gust of wind broke one of the arms supporting the umbrella. Overall this would be good for kids on a fair sunny day and thats it.
I was very excited to get this sight but ended up being very disappointed. The dot is not crisp of clear; it appears to be 3 individual dots all mushed together. I thought it was my eyes but other people said the same thing. I don;t know if I have a defective sight or if its is just a bad design.
very dissapointed, no key,or screw key,metal was bent,sent back to wearhouse.trying again,hoping for a better outcome.
There is nothing really wrong with the pole, the ball on the top was broken when I opened the box If the ball could be replaced everything would be fine I really do not want to return the pole, I'd just like the ball on the top replaced thank you
This fits my small revolver find, but the Velcro won't stay latched making this a poor product.
I really like the way it looks, but theres some issues in quality. The beads are plastic, which maybe I just didn't read. The metal covering on the right wasn't properly shaped (looks broken). The snap popped off within the first couple days and I had to glue it on with Krazy Glue. Also I had to paint it with clear nail polish on all the metal parts because they either turned my skin green or irritated it. The bottom of the snaps are rusting, too, and leaving brown spots in my inner wrist.
Doesn't fit well on my bushmaster.
Hard to use and not very informative.
Seems like quality material and well made but it does not work for what I intended. When I use as seat cushion at office chair, my perineum (taint) falls asleep! I've adjusted the inflation and flipped the cushion and both sides produce same results. I'll use this for exercise rather than a seat cushion.
Touchscreen does not work well and inseam pulls out with hand.
I liked the price of this but disliked that it was not stable ... it moves way too much
nice bag, but balls do not fit in mesh pocket that is supposed to hold the balls. I'm returning it!
It was incomplete. Didn't come with the counter monitor and when I asked about the piece I never even got the courtesy of being acknowledged.
First plinker I've bought. Can't seem to dial it in. Probably my lack of experience. Plenty of power.
The fabric isn't that comfortable to lay on. Also- 3 is the black straps that you use for the stakes already broke. I have used it twice... the size and colors are nice though.
I bought this after reading all the good reviews. Unfortunately I do not think it deserves such a high rating. The concept is good. But in practice this parachute is so small that it barely catch any wind. You barely feel any resistance. All it does is make you try to run fast, to get it catching the wind. This is fun for 20 seconds, then you are tired from the running. It is not just my opinion, but my kids as well. They play soccer and in good shape, and didn't feel like this product added anything to the training. I think it is a waste of your money to buy this thinking you will get good use out of it in a training session. I rarely put down a product, but it is simply not living up to its claims. Save your money and get something else instead. If you already bought one, try to return it. Otherwise just tie a GI-Joe doll to it (or Barbie) and throw it from a high place for some parachute fun. It is no better than a toy.
Too small for a large size airsoft helmet and didn't come with velcro attachments to stick to the inside of the helmet.
I was really hoping to like this water bottle. It is a pretty handy size 32oz, allows me to gauge how much more water I should drink for the rest of the day. You have to make sure you close the bottle entirely and make sure it snaps close, but it opens fairly easily. The top also doesn't open all the way so you are drinking awkwardly. Either you are drinking and it hits your forehead or your cheek/face.
I've been using it for a little over a week now and I don't feel sore what so ever... not so happy right now.
Had to reorder after the original order was sent back to the shipper.
Started to rip after 1 pop warner season. Short season.but they held the cup in place well.
Paddle did not hold up well and the wood started to break at the top of the handle. I hold the base of the paddle so usually I don't see this happen, but I noticed the wood appears to be fairly cheap.
Garrison are much better then Pearce, Pearce are no good to me sorry I bought will be throwing them in trash.
I was excited to rock this hat. I've got stuff from condor in the past and haven't had any issues. Until now. I got this hat, pulled it out of the bag and went to take the little tag in the back off (you know, the annoying one that no one likes). To my dismay, the entire Velcro piece ripped off making my hat useless. I examined the piece to see what could have possibly gone wrong and saw that the Velcro closure was only held on to the hat by 4 or 5 pieces of thread. Not sure if it was a manufacturer's error or a bad design but now I'm without a bada$$ hat until I can track down a sewing kit in the country I'm in at the moment.
It's a hassle to take it out of the band, charge it, and start it. I still haven't figured it out completely yet..
Do not like how the padded part on the strap moves. Wanted to return it immediately upon receiving it but do not want to pay the $5.99 shipping fee to return it. Will try to sell it at a garage sale or give it to someone. Found a different brand that is much better and should work perfectly for our hiking.
This set does not fit weaver rails without modifying the rail
It's light and portable. But not fun. There are so many parts that it's difficult to assemble them.
Not sure about the actual product, I've only used it in the last week, one thing that I dont like about or should have been told, it overheats very easily. So I like to wear it during the day, but I also try to war it at night, but the way it is built, it wont let you have blankets on you, cause it will overheat!!!
Top will not close tightly after a few uses, thus unable to shake my shake:(
Great concept but the lid is very difficult to open.
Not slippery enough to flip pucks
Very pretty, fits well, but attracts color from my clothes (long sleeves/sweaters) and stains.
Definitly not "stainless steel" as advertised. The one i got was made of wood. Despite that it is decent quality for the price. The design is right but could have been painted a tad better as there are some random silver paint spots where there shouldnt be. The forearm grip is definitly an issue as it just loosely hangs on the shield instead of just being clamped onto the shield. Overall quality isn't too bad as the design is pretty nice and it feels rather sturdy (despite being wood). It looses 2 stars though for false advertisement and 1 for semi-lackluster quality
I would not buy. For what you get Dumb bells are cheaper and more versatile
Just about the only nice thing about this set was the case. It seems study enough and would've been quite handy. I am returning this item. The flat ware was very cheaply made. The spoon is huge, more serving spoon than teaspoon. The forks tines were this and already bent upon receipt. The knife and chop stick were adequate.
The swivel brass piece that connects the shoulder strap to the bag broke on the second trip I used the bag for. Either i got a defective one or it's made out of too thin of metal. But now I'm stuck with a broken bag because it's outside of the return window.
I've used a Hydro Flask for years. The first one purchased has worked well and is still working great, a 40oz wide mouth with the old style lid. This is my 3rd purchase, replacing a 20oz standard mouth with the new lid that the bottom was banged up on after a year of hard usage and couldn't sit flat. I dropped this bottle once. A single drop (with a protective silicone base from Hydro Flask attached) bent and cracked a bottom edge, breaking the vacuum and destroying the functionality. I am very disappointed with the durability considering a single 3 foot drop with a full bottle was enough to permanently damage the bottle.
You need two hands to open this. If you were thinking of using this as your defense weapon if someone grabs you thru the back, this is not the product you want.
The product works pretty well however, the display is coming unglued and that started almost immediately after it came. Also the instructions are very poor and the automated programs don't seem to be in any sort of order as far as easiest to most difficult. The machine does what it's supposed to but it is not very well made and the instructions are really poor. I wish I would have gotten a different brand.
Great product, but the diameter is a little too wide for my use with exercising. They keep wanting to come off with some of my exercises. I found out after I purchased them, you can buy bands that have a smaller diameter. Still using them though with modifications when necessary.
I like that it looks like the picture for sale. I hate that I can't wear it because it slides off into my face. The grip is not good. I should of tried one like this before I bough it. It is not the sellers fault it is one the inconvenience of online shopping, not being to try it before you buy it.
This product slides around on carpet and is thin and flimsy. Not made for plyo, cardio, or Zumba.
We received our trampoline today and we need a new spring cover because ours came ripped.
It did its job just not well made
Go Buy the original Taser Flashlight from Taser (sold on Amazon) $129 if you want one that lasts more then 3 moths... This is a toy
Will not fit glock 43 as it says it will! It fits my 19 though.
The product seems to be OK quality. My order was delivered with missing lock nuts. Amazon passed the issue back to me to call the 3rd party seller. Left message with their "Customer Service" recorder asking them to mail me the missing lock nuts. Never got a call back. So, I had to buy them on my own. Lesson learned -- Beware of fly-by-night 3rd party sellers.
My daughter is 11 and catches. The bag was the perfect color for her team and fit all her catching gear. It would have been great but after 2 uses the bottom is getting holes in it. SUPER disappointed, so is my daughter.
A lot smaller than expected.
Loved the looks of this bracelet and received many compliments on it, but... Finish is coming off the back after only couple months of wearing. I put a coat of clear nail polish on it and am trying to get more wear out of it. It is very attractive.
Way too small for me after wearing it once.
Will not stay on past first yoga position, so went to plain socks.
Its exactly what i wanted for a small tackle bag with organization options for a trip to the bwca. I have been out a few times prior to the trip and there are things that are just not very good. Buttons falling off and zippers having to be reset because they dont interlock as good as they should. Its still coming with me and i like the bag overall but there are obvious quality issues in the short time i have had it
I used this product once and there's already a hole forming.
It was out of order at the 2nd year, it worked fine for the first year. But it was out of order in the following next year, I thought battery might not be in good condition and ordered new two batteries and replaced it one by one, but it still didn't work. I'll buy other brand in next time. I'm disappointed with the quality, it only last one year.
Good material but did not look like what I ordered.
Liked everything about this product and even fit my phone (samsung s5) but when you cheaply make the buckle it won't work. Buckle wouldn't even snap, very disappointed.
So, I thought this would fit a USP 45 Expert, it does not. Size 14 does not at least. The problem is the high rise sights. I had to carve off the top in order for the sights to fit through. It is also a tight fit. This will definitely mess with the finish.
Did not fit. It's too long. Had to go to machine shop to modify it
This is a bit disappointing, it's stiff and not very comfortable to wear. The plastic which covers the screen feels too thick and it's overall not what I'd hoped for at all.
Didn't look like picture
Just installed this cover for about less than a week and the color is already fading. Not happy with the quality, it's a bit poor. I am very disappointed, I will be returning this item. This is not a heavy duty cover as claimed.
Good quality, but too small! I measured my arm and the XL should have fit fine, but it is so tight it cuts of the circulation in my upper arm. Can't use them due to that. Wasted my money.
The screen was hard to work. You have to push real hard to operate the keyboard.
One tally counter works OK, but the other one doesn't.
I ordered recommended size. Too small. Also bulky And cumbersome.Order a larger size than recommended.
I bought two of these. One has stopped recharging. Great concept but not well made.
I bought this a few months ago and am finally able to try it out. One power pack does not work. Very disappointed. Hopefully the other one doesn't give out. Am looking at other brands since they come with 3 power packs that will allow you to do multi areas at the same time. Hopefully I'll have better luck with another brand
A little disappointed in the quality. The stitching is messy. I still have it hanging though and you can't tell.
The interface with computer is good, the sound quality is good, the delivery was fast and it works well for running. For front-crawl swimming- not so much. I tried different bud sizes and different ways to jam it in the goggles bend, but it still kept filling with water..
Bought three of these as Xmas gifts. They magnify as expected, however, two sets have lost their eyepieces and now are quite uncomfortable to look through.
Difficult for bottle to stand up straight. Filled up with water the balance of the bottle when drinking bends.
Sorry to say that the patch did not stick to my jacket
I am very displeased with the item description of the "Navy"/White ball cap. It's dark gray!! Take a look at the picture I took of the COSTA cap center between a light gray and navy cap to illustrate the color discrepancy. I don't feel like messing with returns, so I'll just let everyone know how displeased I am instead. Buyer beware.
Whatever material they use for "tummy control" is scratchy and uncomfortable
I realize this was plastic, but I figured it wold at lease be a tad thick considering it is a licensed product. I was wrong, super cheap looking and feeling.
Not the best quality it can be used for some time only durability less
The size was extremely large so size down. I had to return this due to that.
Unfortunately this was way too small. My husband is medium for every shirt pants or shorts.. and has never had a problem before. He tried these on and they are definitely a small....
Made cheaply. Did not last one month.
Kit arrived today but no door anchor. I need it attached to my door but I guess not able to Dissapointed
For arch support, these are good socks. For ankles that have varicose veins, they are not good. The tightness around the ankle cuts off the blood flow. I bought the no show but should have bought socks that go higher- past my ankles. If you have blood flow issues in your ankles, be aware that these are very tight at the ankles. It's like putting a rubber band around your ankle.
I like the cheap price but now I am returning it. Neither of my pistol magazines would let the velcro strap close. It's like the pistol mag pouch is to shallow. The sewing is cheap as you would expect from this low class vest. The fit was good for a 5'9 190lbs guy. At this price I had to try it. If my pistol mags would fit I would have kept it and upgraded later. Btw my mags are for a Glock 19 gen 4 and a Glock 30s.
I REALLY tried to like this DVD but it was way to boring and repetitive. The music was fair at best and the instructions were only fair as well. I do not recommend this for anyone who wants variety in their zumba program.
I like the idea that you have secret pockets. I don't like that it is difficult for me to get my fingers in the pocket to take something out or in. With it being body tight I would sometimes miss the pocket of it and it would fall straight to the floor. I feel like it could be better designed. Also, I like the super addition for one of the pockets it has but it would be nice if there was at least two.
Missing inside/outside bushings. The actual table its self is borderline cheap... does not have slanted corners! In reality this table should be worth $ 150.00
This thing is like spaghetti. has good pop, but bent after one batting practice. it was a constant struggle to keep it straight.
Small For its size very small
Band wasn't nearly as wide as shown in the pix. Nicely made though.
I didn't think to look or ask but this flag is not double sided, so the logo is backwards from one viewing direction.
It would have been nice if they would have included the bean bags.
Make sure you check the measurements, this is the size of a handheld Nintendo game.
Item was not size as advertised..
The day vision glass was fine, but night vision glass frame was delivered so out of alignment. I couldnt even wear it. cheaply made. Hope it is just a rare exception. I returned it right away.
Purchase for my son birthday. I liked how it looked and the size but already has a broken zipper!!!
Fits both me and my Apple Watch perfectly. Cheap material that looks good for a couple of weeks but wears poorly. You get what you pay for.
Magnets are not strong. And if you have a thick mat this product is not for you. My 5mm recordable Lululemon barely fits even when I roll it as tight as my joints. I would reccoment the old school mat holder strap
Broke within two weeks
Pins fell out after slight use. Now basically useless.
Basically diluted bleach. It lightened the stains but did not eliminate them.
I've had the rapid action safes for about a year now, love them, except when I ordered another bracelet it would not program in!!! My old one broke after a year of continuous use, no problem, but I even erased all the key chains and wallet ones, they reprogrammed immediately but this new one still will not program!
it was cute but it kept pinching me. not for me
Smashed down pretty quickly. Little disappointed. Immediately bought different ones
Citronella oil was recommended by a camping group I'm in to keep the mosquitoes away. However, it seemed as if they were attracted to this stuff. It certainly didn't repel anything. I moved on and found a lemon/eucalyptus oil repellent that actually works really well.
I got this nutcracker for my boyfriend, and quite frankly I'm a little disappointed. It has so many scuffs on it, the jaw is very wiggly, also the arm seems to be falling off?? It just seems poorly made. Save your money.
This rod and bag feel flimsy the moment you take them out of the box and live up to the expectation. Level line. Broke the line after four days of use. Bag is fraying after four days. Don't waste your money.
Cheap gloves. They don't hold up long. If you don't play frequently they may be an option. If you play more often get something more durable.
So good for the clubs, but top handle was missing! Have to buy a replacement or carry it around. Cant find a place to buy just the top handle!
Fits nicely but you still end up with half of your hair wet.
Over priced,cheap piece of plastic
Read all the reviews before I bought it and expected it could be a replacement for my Fitbit. I have to say, I'm disappointed with the quality. The band is a smooth surface instead of the picture shows. The whole thing looks cheap. I know a lot of reviews said it's better and cheaper than Fitbit. But I think you get what you pay for. I ended up return it.
I like the weight and the feel of the paddle but the rubber on this paddle is very poor quality. The rubber has no stickyness and ball control in non existent. I expected much better quality from a paddle sold as a "Pro" paddle.
Very nice small and smooth
I just received and it is broken or torn or wore, you name it, I attach pic VERY DISAPPOINTED! because I read reviews and most people is happy, not me! I got another similar (not denim) for my husband from another brand, CHEAPER and MUCH BETTER than this one!
I can't use the item to give it a fair review because it did not work right out of the box. Now I have to buy batteries to see if that is the problem. Disappointed since this has added another thing for me to do in my busy life.
I like the look and fit of this band but after wearing several times the one strap keeps disengaging from the Fitbit. I have tried to correct but am unable to do so. I am afraid I will end up losing my Fitbit. My other straps properly connect so I am sure it something with this strap and not an overall issue. I would return but sadly my return window closed yesterday.
As far as functionality, this tracker works perfectly for what I need. It seems to mostly accurately track steps and sleep and it tells time. That's all I wanted it for. The problem is the band is poorly designed and has cracked and broken in only 3 months. It got looser every time I had to take it off to charge and finally cracked and now won't stay in place. I would not buy again.
Very pretty but to delicate. Wore twice & it came apart
First time time trying to use this the plastic handle piece broke off. If that already wasn't enough the umbrella nylon material feels like a paper thin nylon jogging rain jacket shell and I am skeptical it would hold up to any strong rain/wind. The stitching was already coming apart before the first use and to add insult to injury the vinyl smells terrible -- a mix between rotten garbage and plastic that has melted in the sun.
This is my second attempt. First one had a faulty cheap switch and did not work. I returned it and purchased this version based on the picture with a normal push button switch which works fine. However, it will not shuffle the cards properly. The cards get pushed to the center at an angle and jam every time. I purchased two new decks of cards to be sure it was not my cards. Same results. A totally useless device. I returned it.
I use it while I'm running and it leaks all over the place:(
I wanted to like this sheath but the handle strap is only one size and it does not fit the bk2 even though it is the correct size dimensions according to the description. Description also says two sizes but mine came one size so maybe it's defective. Seems well made otherwise but I have to return.
I like the color...the band is super big on my wrist
Okay so I received the email to review the product and didn't want to bash the product to early... So I tried to use the product more. Let me start by saying the sliders are not by any means what I expected when it comes to the quality. But I thought their was hope still with stretchable Bands which I was also wrong about, yes they do stretch but they also curl/roll up while being used.
Box was torn and damaged.... no instructions.... my husband figured it out but the monitor will not come on at all so we have know way of knowing distance....
Not a bad safe, but does NOT have four solid locking bolts. Two are solid, but the moving bolts are folded metal. This is misrepresentation of the product that is made in Korea. Look for a better safe, spend a bit more money, and buy US
This is the second pack of compression socks I bought from this company because I loved the first set with the fun designs. However this set is much thinner, weaker compression and the overall cut seems off, not one pair fits the same.
You will need something on the wheels to keep it upright , and be careful, I think it damaged my crank
This product was taped together with scotch tape and had clearly been opened previously. The contents seemed like they were new, all in plastic but a little discouraging.
Will start out with positives I have a terminal illness that revolves around my lungs, and the only place willing to hire me is a farm. Driving the tractor is very dusty and horrid for my health but I need to pay for meds somehow. I believed this would be a reliable comfortable answer that wouldn't scare the kids that sit on my trailer for a hayride to the field "the colorful ones I thought might help". It I can say definetly filters pretty well "if it fits right", however saying one size fits most is questionable. I realized this 15 mins into wearing it when I realized oh boy this isn't on quite right tightened it and dealt with the pain all day of a badly fitting but super tightened mask. If you have a long face pick the large size if my face wasn't so gaunt and thin from health issues it may have fit a touch better on the sides as well but they are still good. It's a bummer I have 2 face masks "bought a double pack" now that don't fit and only got to use one. The large size you can only buy in black and one at a time... this is a bummer but oh well I don't have much choice. If they made a sizing guide it might help out. I wish I could have tried these on previously but buying online that's what I get. I sadly can't afford to buy any others until my next paycheck so 2 weeks of discomfort and improper sealing here I come. I will update this when I can afford the large and tell you how well it filters.
I ordered this beginning of August and one of the straps already busted. Otherwise, I loved it!!!
WHERE ARE THE INSTRUCTIONS?!
Very stiff. It wasn't comfortable as I was deadlifting. Do not recommend.
I really love this band, except the metal piece that rests against your wrist started to rust after the first time I wore it to the gym and sweated. I used clear nail polish to seal it and it is fine now. But that would be my only complaint. I did not know it was glow in the dark so that was an added bonus.
After checking it had the correct model number I found when it arrived in NZ it wouldn't work with my existing Davis Vantage Vue climate station. Turns out US models communicate on a different frequency from the rest of the world. An expensive mistake.
These were to small for me I would say there much better for a child bike.
These are too easy. I have to use the smallest one, the other two are huge. I'm no fitness buff either...
It comes off in my sleep. And it's not nearly as sturdy as the one that came with my Blaze originally.
Easy to put together. Instructions make it seem harder than it is. Digital computer fails completely. Timer skips, heart rate monitor horribly off. Hoping to hear from support and will update, if fixed. Update: Manufacturer would need me to return the entire bike; they can't just exchange the display, unfortunately. Amazon was good at helping me with this. Since this is a common issue reported for this bike, I would only recommend it, if the display is not a priority. It is compact, cute and completely silent.
Grandson wears size 14. Has had Many pair of nikes. First pair that didn't fit.
Not very happy with this purchase. I paid close to twice the price for this vs the cheaper ones, mainly because it stated that it had a poly rope, and not a nylon rope. It's definitely a crappy nylon rope.
Supposed to be 50 but there we're only 43 in the box
The bottom of the zipper broke the 2nd time my daughter used this vest. It's incredibly frustrating because it works really well otherwise. We can still sort of get it to work, we just have to fight with the zipper for 5 minutes every time she puts it on, to get the broken end to clip into the zipper.
I love the knive, purchased in Feb 2018. The SpeedSafe Assisted opening is broken, it quit working not sure what is wrong with it. Containg Kershaw to see what they will do to fix the issue. The rating would be a 5 if not for this issue.
These work great while they work, I have had 2 sets of these and they quit working within 4-6 weeks. I was able to return them for a refund.
I don't use it, I buy the other one.
OK product but needs more information as to the proper size, as mine was too small for my dog
Very soft and comfortable, but they are see through and got a hole the first time I wore them.
the package was delivered in poor shape. the cardboard that was used in packaging is a joke. holes all through it which caused a tear in the blue covering. too much of a hassle to return. won't recommend because of awful arrival. when you order something in new condition it should be delivered that way.
The first fish we hooked on this nice looking squid pulled the crimp out of the J hook lost hook and squid. Took the remains of the coated leader to a large tackle shop a professional captain and the owner of the tackle shop both concurred a faulty crimp on the hook side.
The plastic connection pieces that connect the bottom base to the top structure break/fallout easy. Asked for new pieces and did not receive anything from them. Should come with replacement pieces because it becomes useless when they break.
there is no elasticity in the material at all. they are just like nylon socks. i am so confused because they look like they should be great but are really not very well made.
Fits the weapon. The straps are pure shit. It twists and there is no easy reholstering. Wife had to take bra off and had to use a pry to unbutton strap.
.I put the black cover for the rain and it was raining lightly, after a short time all my books were soaked... Too bad coz it is a nice backpack but I mostly needed something water resistant and this disappointed me.
Product was as described but came late :/
These were VERY small. Not near as good as quality as I had hoped and more fit for a child.
It was broken when it arrived
The clip is bad ... The pin won't go inside the holes properly ... I wish I had not gone for a cheap band and gone for the original instead :(
In 10 minutes you want to quickly take off
Honestly I bought this and used it once. I was gym owner for lot of years. These is the more of the cheaper feelings ones but it was cheaper in price. So I got what I paid for. Hard to store and takes lot of room up
Item was delivered with half the numbers and letters barely missing or smeared in the balls.
Not what I was expecting, the shape is weird.
There is no tourniquet. It's just a case to hold one.
One of the ball bearings busted out after a few days of use.
Great idea, not the greatest follow through... The poles don't stand up on their own - I had to use tape to keep them in place. The points on the poles tend to fall out easily. The fabric is well made and looks good, that's about all of the good.
Runs small. I would have returned these but I kept the return date lapse.
I used this in a salt water pool. When I got out of the pool and took the weights off, the water that drained out of the weights was dark brown. It stained the concrete skirt around the pool. Could not recommend this product for that reason. There should be a warning. I used them so could not send back.
Not going to keep childs head above water
Flimsy, pretty cheaply made. Flights fall out several times during a game. Wouldn't buy again.
After two months of use, the cap to our bottle broke.
Unfortunately the brim and cap is unevenly assembles. You can clearly tell that the Ohio state decal is off center and it makes the hat look strange on. The material quality is good but construction is flawed. I will be returning mine.
Colors are of much darker than pic
Would give a better rating because this watch is actually really nice, however, 3 months after having it, the battery life has gone from 7 days holding a charge to charging nightly
It holds me in, but I do not sweet enough.
Not easy to get adjusted to I also bought two...thinking one was more for a child...received 2 of the very same thing, paid $10 more for one that the other....... something wrong with this picture
i received shipment but i could not found red skins glassess can u check once again i recived 3 box of sun shades the only thing is missing redskins glasses 2 of them please send me
The rubber is too thick and doesn't stretch nicely for a powerful shot.
Originally a good umbrella, however the arms broke after a few months. It is certainly not windproof and repeated attempts to contact the seller have been useless as they do not respond.
Smaller than thought. Checked "ship in amazon packaging", yet it came in packaging showing contents.
Material is not quality, it tends to rollup alot but I guess you get what you pay for.😏
The .22 cal swag tip would not fit the cleaning rod, it was next to useless
Not very sturdy. Had to replace once.
Though I appreciate that I rec'd an extra five packet in the shipment, I experienced jams in my Smith & Wesson 9 mm and Mossberg 9 mm. Due to the pressure I put on my pinky to get them dislodged from both guns, I won't be using them again.
Several of the panels seem to be pulling away from the seams. Haven't even dribbled the ball yet, but seems like poor workmanship to say the least.
I got this strap to use when working out. It is pretty but a bit thin. For me, that works because I didn't want something stiff and hard to manipulate.
Smaller than size states in chart and very snug eveb being made with compression material. If ordering, make at least 1 size larger.
Still trying to figure it out. Why don't you send written instructions and your pitch with the product?
This product left my 10 year old very disappointed. The construction is nice but the result is less than stellar.
These are so stiff. Almost impossible to use.
You will slip. Don't waste your time. Your foot will slide around inside the sock.
Holds hair in place well enough but the sides are much skinnier than the picture shows since it knots in the back. Never had an issue with sweat, it does soak up pretty quick. Since it's already falling apart and seems to be losing it's stretch after a handful of uses I'd look elsewhere for something you're going to use multiple times a week.
I really like the look of this band. It would be a great alternative to the ones actually sold by Apple. Unfortunately the magnet is not strong at all, and the band kept coming disconnected. This was with just regular movement, not even hitting it on anything! Not going to risk my expensive Apple watch falling off my wrist, which it nearly did a number of times!
I really wanted to like this knife. The shape is great and rather unique. However the knife is poorly designed. When the knife is closed, the blade hits the rivets that hold the handle together in 2 places. The new knife I received has 2 crescent shaped dents right on the cutting edge. It's frankly a little ridiculous that they are even allowed to sell this thing. Other then that the knife is very small, and the handle is extremely light. Gives it a rather cheap feel.
I was disappointed in these socks. I bought 6 pairs and at least 3 socks got holes in the toe area. The socks are comfortable but not very good quality. K-mart socks lasted longer than these. Usually the heels go first on my socks.
Read the reviews, thought I'd do my sight install properly and get this product. It's built well and strong...no complaints there, but it doesn't matter how tight I clamp the slide down when I move the sight pusher it just lifts up on the slide. It lifted the sights into the top bar and marred up my brand new sights. I'm not too happy about this. Waste of my money. :(
a piece. spring assist doesnt work effectively. handle scratched up like its been kept in a bin somewhere on the market streets of vietnam.. gettin what you pay for
Poor performance. No accuracy. Not worth the effort.
Broke after only using 3 Times .
Mat has several color defects w/ one small torn section. Decided to return, worried the tear might get worse over time. Stick with solid color, they seem better quality. Manduka should have better QA process before selling their product to ensure they are not defected.
I have ordered r times and was happy with the first 4. Then recieved two practice balls in the order. I sent it back and the replacement has two x-outs. I would say 8 of 12 were AAAAA.
It does fit the versa 2 well but its actually painful to wear. The band is very stiff and the extra loop to hold down watch band has sharp edges you can feel against you skin.
The weight and length of the velcro is good, the material is comfortable, they're a bit less bulky than most weights I've used before, but they slide far too much to be used on wrists at all.
I used this ankle strap a total of three times for leg extensions on the cable machine, and the velcro is already done. The first time worked like a charm, the second the velcro kept letting go mid-extension, but I was able to make it through, taking extra caution to be oh so gentle, and the third time I couldn't even do one extension without it coming undone and slamming the weights down on the cable machine. Very disappointed, especially after reading the good reviews of others...
very disappointed barely used it once can't use it again wasted my money not buying it again
This umbrella started out OK. However it is difficult to close and secure the strap. Also after about 10 openings, one of the ends has come loose and will not reattach. I don't recommend it.
Had for less than a year and it literally fell apart. Do not recommend if you are looking for a long term knife.
Terrible product! I went with a more inexpensive treadmill and after reading the reviews all said this one did the job. Not so! Received it and one of the screws on the side were coming out so I tried to tighten it and its stripped. The treadmill will not keep the belt adjusted to where you put it. It continues to move to one side no matter how minor an adjustment you make and it is very loud...i dont know how other buyers think it is quiet. The only positive is the size, its compact. Currently in the process of a return. Was really hoping it was going to work out. Sticking with a bigger brand next time.
This socks are NOT true compression socks. Basically is a snug normal knit sock. If you actually need the compression, go with a known brand like Futura. More expensive, yes, but much more effective. I needed these to help with some foot swelling and these did nothing, whereas a known brand with same rating was great.
They are advertised NOT to roll down but they do.
I hurt my knee and thought this would help. Tried it on for a month. It didn't seem to help and made it feel worse. Tried contacting support with no luck so here is the review. I'd look elsewhere. I was disappointed after seeing all the positive reviews.
If you just want a simple tracker, this is good however if you also want call and text notifications it is extremely hit or miss.
The rings themselves are functional, however the nylon straps that came attached to the rings are covered in bright orange Chinese characters/writing. I am not an aspiring ninja, they are pictured black and that's what I wanted; I'll probably cut the straps off and find another way of suspending these rings.
I received the camera on time and looks like a good product. I took it to the woods and mounted it on a deer stand. I left it out for three weeks and when I went to view pictures there was moisture inside and window was fogged up. The camera had taken pictures but was dead because of moisture inside. I checked the seal around the cover and could not find any damage, I could not tell if it was leaking around glass. I have tried to get customer support on line as instructions suggest, also tried twice to get help on telephone number listed, they will not answer emails nor will they return calls that I have left with a message.Customer support is does not exist good luck if you get a camera that needs work.I would not recommend this company.
While the product itself is fantastic and works very well, whoever at this company decided to make 3 packs instead of 2 or 4 should be fired. What logic is there in selling 3? So I have to buy 2 packs for my 4 bumpers and spend money on 2 extra hangers I will never use. Disappointed.
I understand compression socks are meant to be snug but I was looking for something to fit a wide calf. I have a hard time finding y'all socks that fit. I'm glad I just bought the one pair to try before getting the 3pack.
Used it to help support my pregnant belly and it worked well until I got super itchy and realized I was having an allergic reaction. I would suggest doing a little patch test just to be safe. And also remove with baby oil, because it was ROUGH to take off!!! 😳
Bling is beautiful, BUT! fit is not. Band is very loose. Not sure what is the problem is. It did come with extra stretchy bands but, no instructions. Sorry.
It's tearing apart after less than a month of use.
Ordered the 2 batteries but only one battery in box.
I'll put it this way: dont expect to be sporting stars from this.
The product feels like it's a semi-decent quality, but I had a lot of trouble changing the size of the band. The packaging wasn't too great either.
Three out of the whole pack really works. The material is thick and resistant. As for the rest of the bands the material is too thin and they tend to roll on to your skin causing pain and discomfort.
Ordered yellow brush received Pink brush
The metal pieces caused a reaction on my wrist. Within a few days there were red, itchy, peeling bits of skin...not cool
I would like a smaller size but Amazon isn't authorizing my request!
I'm rating this for the customer service, do not get me wrong the holster is great. When you and others try and ask for a left handed holster and get ridiculous replies or no replies from the company it's upsetting. I will not be buying any of these products again.
Product arrived with plastic screw cap cracked. Plastic pieces of product feel cheap! Would not recommend!
Wish this was in thick leather for more rigidity
I tried a medium because I wear a size 34" waist. That was too small and only gave me a sliver of overlap on the Velcro closure. So I tried a large, and that wrapped around to the middle of my back. Somewhere in between would have been nice. Returned both.
I though the watch Let Fit was nice but I wanted to monitor heart rate. It gave my heart rate as 119 and my BP cuff said it was only 62 and then I took it off and the heart rate icon came on and said it was 92 it was not even on a body. So I returned this due to this reason. I have to have a accurate heart reading.
It's okay, I'm left handed though and I'm pretty sure they sent me a right handed one. Aside from that, the trigger guard of my sd9ve gets caught when you try to pull out the pistol so it just pulls the whole thing off my belt and pants. I tried to stretch it out a little so it wouldn't get stuck but I just ripped the holster, so far for returning it I guess. The sights also get caught a little in the stitching. Additionally, the band and button clip that keep it secured are a bit too stretchy and but this'll also kind of gets caught on that when you try to pull it out. I guess if you can get past all that, then it probably works.
it does not work very good
Treadmill worked awesome for about two months. Then the motor started going out and now it's completely useless. I tried emailing the company to see what can be done since there is a one year warranty and they never replied. Very frustrated.
The compression is fine but it's too long. It rolls down and becomes uncomfortable. If I pull it down any further to try to prevent this it goes over my knee. This is coming from a female with fairly long legs. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't as long.
The plates were difficult to screw on. They were filled with sand which shifted as you used them. The bars themselves were comfortable.
Was not loose fitting like in pic.
The price is great and it came quick. Just know that like others have said its a) insubstantial b) not oversized like the picture and c) polyester instead of wool
Zippers are no good. Blew out the first time we used it. Other than that it's okay, but being able to keep your sleeping bag zipped shut is pretty important.
Bolo broke 1st use. Falls apart a lot. Spend a little bit more for a better product. You'll have to anyways.
The watch is very hard to open and close. I haven't had it long enough to know about durability. I was disappointed when I opened it. Not as pretty as it looked in the pictures.
The reel is good, but the first rod was crap. I only gave it 2 stars because the reel is good. Within 15 minutes of first fishing trip the rod snapped after hooking a fish that weighted less than two pounds.
One of my PVC covers was broken when I opened the box. Cracked in 3 places....
I don't get all the hype. This chair has no seat depth ( I have long legs) and my thigh extends about 6 inches beyond the end of the chair. Additionally there is no back support. This is uncomfortable from the moment I sit down. It's like sitting in a pillowcase. My bottom slides down to the middle of the seat after one minute of sitting. I can't imagine sitting in this chair more than 20 minutes.
Ripped after 10 uses by an adult.
This worked well to cover my table all winter, but when I uncovered the table and folded the cover it stuck to itself. The plastic stuck together and pulled free from the fabric underneath. It was not left in the sun. Too bad.
It is not a one piece board. Folds in the center. Not my preference.
You get what you pay for. Within a week and a half of wearing one of them (every day) the color on the edges of the band was starting to wear off leaving the gray/beige color of the material along all sides. They did look nice at first but now they look old and dingy.
This headband slips all over the place. Junk headbands are better made and worth the few extra dollars.
Cheaply made. Loose threads everywhere . Uncomfortable and thin.
It was exactly as advertised, but just doesn't work for me.
I read the previous reviews and I saw sometimes it came with parts missing. Ours arrived and was missing the bar support and the weight support. This sounds like a common issue so buyer beware.
It is very small, for a child. For this price you should get 6-12.
Socks shrank after washing them and drying
I wish I had read all reviews to realize that this does not come in a real game box. It's just a cardboard box which is not acceptable for gift giving or even for appropriate storage in a game closet. I can't speak to the quality of the item because I can't move beyond the unacceptable appearance.
Almost finished assembling 2nd target and discovered it was missing grey elbow.
This product was great until one gust (not even strong enough to be considered a gust) of wind caused all of the spokes to detach from the center pole.
I was supposed to get a green band and they sent black. Advertise correctly please.
Don't like it. Works fine but much too big. Don't like the return policy. Cost to return is half of what the watch cost. Can't use it so no choice but to return it
Low quality. Doesnt stay together... you get what you pay for.
Too sheer and kinda ripped in the bottom a bit I was a bit disappointed because over all it looks real nice
These were a bit to tight, i wore them around for a bit figuring they should be tight as they're compression socks, but my toes were getting pretty dark after about 20 mins, so i wasn't able to wear them for their intended use which was to make my work day less painful.
Terrible. Doesnt hold air. Waste of money!
broken in 5mins when I open the package and test it.. $3 product, u pay what u get..
Not enough explanation on the possible workouts with the vibration plate. I will have to buy a different book for workouts.
I bought it for my husband he did not use it, I tried it and didn't care for it. It's not being used.
After 3 months of use the rubber around the foot started cracking and tore. Disappointed with the quality.
The sleeves where nice and snugs, but a bit long for my taste it ran up to your bicep. I used it to cover up my tattoo. After a few weeks of use and a few delicate wash cycles the seams came apart.
Watch definitely has pros and cons... step counter doesn't always count, and every few nights, my time holds at one spot and falls back a few hours, and when you wake up to refresh the app, it does reset the the time but doesn't show steps (if taken any when you get up) or sleep pattern. Frustrating for sure. Overall for the price, it's a decent watch but isn't always accurate.
I love UA stuff, these pants aren't great. Lower quality material, cut kind of weird, and not very comfortable.
the tips were too short and weak to fit through the shoe eyelets
Although I originally was going with 4 or 5 stars, after only one use, the arm/leg bands stopped working. I switched around the control units onto the ab pad, and they all do work, so the arm bands themselves are defective. Short of returning the entire package, there seems to be no way to just return the defective bands and request replacements. I'd even just take the hit and buy new ones, but there seems no way to do that either. I'll just continue using just the ab pad for now until that stops working too, I guess. Rather disappointed.
One of the sides keeps coming undone from the Fitbit. Not sure why.
Just received bags and the first few tosses the bags ripped and corn came out I'm sending back. very disappointed
While it is only one sided, it still is nice.
I bought one of these and it was fine, so I ordered a second one, However on the 2nd one the drawstring was ridiculously short. Speedo has bad quality control, buying the brand is hit or miss. I complained to Amazon who offered to replace it, but couldn't be bothered with the procedure. I'll just get a lady to replace to drawstring.
Pretty crappy. they fit well but after one day I already have holes in the toes
The bottles leak and I would not purchase again.
Easy to install, they vibrate an awful lot.
Decent quality but it's too large for a standard rifle stock.
product very weak! I weigh 230lbs. When I set on one of these cusions it immediatly goes flat so I tried 2 and then all 3. Finally it was somewhat comfortable. I purchased these to share with family but that won't happen...lol If I had paid any more for them I would return but I will just call it a learning experience.
I returned this item. I had a fitbit that stopped working and thought this one had all the same qualities for a cheaper price. It gets stuck on the music screen and also the heart monitor screen. It went dead after 2 days. but the biggest reason I returned this is because when your tracker gets out of range of the Bluetooth (when I go into the next room, or lose signal) it makes a very loud beeping noise. I couldn't get it to turn off even after changing all of the notifications to off. I even put my phone on vibrate and mute to see if it still did it and it did! when I am at work and walk in the next room I can't have that going off. It also wouldn't stop going off in the middle of the night when I would leave the bedroom to go to the bathroom. If you turn off the Bluetooth then it wont be a problem but one of the biggest reasons for me getting this was to have my calls and texts sent to the tracker while I'm at work and can't always look at my phone
I used the chart as a guide for the size but it still is too big, I'm no in the country but I'd like to be sent a new one, a smaller one, ordered XL, I guess L is the one
I had this taser for 2 months only flip it on a few time never shot the thing. Now the led light and laser point won't turn on when ever I turn the gun on. What can I do to remedy this?
I bought this because it can keep lots of water cold. I don't like that it leaks water. If you tip it over, you have a mess.
I actually not wanting to write a review. Just wanted help. I like the item but wore white band twice and band loop broke. The turquoise one never worn and has no buckle. Please help or replace. The summer colors is why I bought the product. Today I go to use the Navy band. And it is actually a size small, Not large like the rest of them This is now 3 that are not right and can't use
This product leaks terribly. It started leaking after the return window passed. I am pretty upset about this since that was supposed to be one of the key features and it didn't last very long.
I had one that worked and is still working strong. But I did have the second one that ripped at the first day.
Product was very flimsy and couldn't support my 165lb body.
Ordered a medium then ordered a small still didn't fit and kept sliding down when rolling . I wanted to really like it but unfortunately just didn't work for me .
This helmet looks good but sadly that is mostly where the good stops. It's extremely light...but to the point where I really question if it's going to provide any protection. On that not...there are no safety certifications like you would find with quality helmets. The thin pads inside seem almost pointless. The mechanism for tightening the fit...it's finicky...and cheap. Also quite uncomfortable.
The color and quality of the product was really nice upon receiving it. Only a few weeks of use and the band seemed to pick up the dye from my clothes. Tried to wash it off but it doesn't look like it's coming off from this point on.
I love the feel, color and weight of the mat. However, I returned it because it's very slippery. It would be nice if the company did the recommended salt scrub themselves. A mat this expensive should be ready to be used out of the box.
I don't wear in really cold weather. They don't fold flat, so bulky to store in your pocket.
The eye relief is too short for any high recoil rifle. The 3x version is far superior.
The part that clips to the Alta doesn't lay flat so it pokes you. Also snagged on clothing.
This thing just falls apart and i have had it fall off multiple times while i was hitting the bag. I just scrapped it. I tried some of the modifications shown on reviews and online and all in all not worth it.
They did not send me the correct colors.
color Is bad choice
Too small! Always slipping off my head. Not very thick or warm when it does stay on my head!
We needed to replace our volleyball so I thought we would try a Wilson this time. It states that it's "soft" which is what we wanted for some backyard volleyball. It's way too hard. I may try to let some air out of it, hoping it softens a bit and still works well.
Not what I was looking for. Have them to my girlfriend. Small bands.
I consider myself an active gym rat and I was surprised how easily I had mishaps with this chair. The chair does have breaks, but not easily undone once you are sitting. I've had the chair jut out from under me when I reached for a stapler in easy reach. I've fallen twice if I happened to make any sudden movements. I know there is a learning curve, but being I have a U-Shaped desk I am often switching sides on various projects. Also, the bracket up front broke less than 3 months after purchasing. The bracket is supposed to hold the ball in place, but I found it quite ineffective. The novelty of this chair is good in theory, but I didn't have less or more back pain using it. I was hoping to tighten up my core by the posture you must use to sit on the chair. Hindsight I would suggest getting a stability ball chair with no wheels. Way safer 😇. I understand now why the state workers aren't allowed to have these at my husbands job.
Hope you got a plug. If not, you're out of luck
Does not fit a 14 year old with long thick hair.
One of the lace is broken, not light up at all. They should be great gift for my boy, but the broken lace mess up everything, my song not happy for that, and keep asking me to fix it before he wants to try them up.
I liked the discs but the picture shows a Magnet putter and that's the very reason I purchased it. Opened my package and it came with the Banger GT putter not the Magnet. So I'm a little bugged by not getting what I wanted.
Item is good but the fabric after a few washes it gets damaged
After tossing these a few times the balls were coming off the ropes. I thought they'd be more durable than the plastic ones.
The glass fogged up on me on the first day out. On the second day, a small piece of something managed to find it's way into the illumination projector, this caused there to be multiple red dots on the combining glass.
The ends of the nylon straps that attach to the grommet for the handles are heat treated so they won't fray. This creates a sharp edge that scrapes and scratches your arms on some of the exercises. I wrapped the edges with tape to protect from scratching. Otherwise does give a good workout and portable for travel.
These are smaller than most of the sweatpants sold on amazon !
I purchased the multi pack. The variety of colors is excellent for the price, and it is nice to have options, but the bands are not as pliable as the original Fitbit bands. They are actually quite stiff. Maybe this will change as they are worn. After wearing the coral one, it isn't comfortable and gets dirty easy and doesn't clean off.
Jock doesnt hold up very well. The fit is perfect. Just not very long lasting.
Sorry, was disappointed in this purchase. Worked only a short while and the watch face shattered early on and made it hard to read the display. I broke down and got an iWatch instead.
Sometimes the string won't retract.
Bought this over a month ago and I still have close to 2 weeks before it comes in
slippery. hands constantly slide in downward dog
I love this bag but I purchased it in April, now its Sept and I have a seam ripping, Bag is durable but the bottom is where all the weight its.
The product itself is a good one. Comfortable, supportive and well manufactured... but it runs smaller than expected. I'm 10.5 in Nike, Adidas and asics. For Brooks now I know that I'm 11.
After reading other reviews, I thought this would fit my 9 year old but it was quite big on her. I feel the battery life is quite short, we have to constantly charge it. She can't really even use it because it slides around and doesn't give accurate readings.
Sent wrong color. This is way too light
From the description, I figured this would provide a flex through the ankle, but it operates much the same way as the pedal on a sewing machine. Both feet flex up and down, just not at the same time; it alternates, which you can feel through the calf and shin, but not so much in the ankles because the range of motion isn't a deep enough flex to really feel therapeutic.
These socks do not hold up well at all! My son wore holes in them after just a few weeks of practice, super disappointing.
I like them and colors but my red shoelaces stop working on one half of laces. Others are working so far.
controls work well, construction seems solid, lenses seem clear, packaged very good, but will not focus, going to try and adjust
This isn't really a yoga mat. It's more like a puffy, thin mattress. Go for 1/4" mat, friends. This thing is impossible to work out on.
The size medium fits more like a large. I found them to be to loose and bulky for my liking. I do NOT use them.
If you actually plan to do pull-ups this isn't the set for you. Easy to assemble, however the support between the upper and lower vertical bars is pathetic. After one session I'm not using this again until I can reinforce this area further. This is an extremely weak area and you will experience flexing while you perform pull-ups. Also the included bolts are cheap, they will strip very easily when fighting down. Buyer beware.
I just received by two-pack of silver + rose gold. Haven't had long enough to evaluate the quality, but what I can say is the rose gold band is slightly off color from the rose gold Alta HR. I'm super particular about these things, so I will say that some people may not detect the difference, and for the price, it's pretty darn close. But the band is a bit more brassy and yellow; not quite enough pink in the color to be a perfect match. It does blend well and looks nice, and some may need to look hard to see the difference. I've bought other after market bands for Apple Watch etc that are a true match. This just misses the mark. Just know that if you have an eye for detail and are looking for a good match to the rose gold tracker, this may not be for you.
Typically last just 10 minutes maximum cold and XL Size is too small for my knees even though I wear 32 waist jeans. Very skinny guy and I guess I would need XXL for knee even though I follow measurement chart published online.
Cheaply made, 2 sizes bigger than they should be, better buy a good insole your gonna need it.
Cheap socks from Adidas. Worn once, washed once, and fibers are broken all over the sock from the top of the foot to the heel to the top of the sock itself. I'll probably get two more wears from these socks...if I don't bother to wash them again. Cost was less than $10 but the socks aren't worth $5.
I guess that for the ocasional guy who hops on for few minutes and does a 30 min exercise once or twice a week this bike will be wonderful. It has really good feel to it, is comfortable and the first two months is not very loud. I had this bike for a little over a year. After the first 4 months it started to squeak a little. I kept servicing the bike with bike lubricant and cleaning it. I did this three times in the 16 month period that I had it. Today the left pedal arm broke. What happened next is that I fell down from the bike and I hurt myself. I guess that using this bike 3+ times a week, and even more during winter, is not something you can get from this bike. I really need to buy a bike that has strong arm pedals. I only weight around 160 lbs. so that is not the issue. I believe that the price is right for the quality of the bike, just have in mind you might have to use it something around one hour a week to make it last.
THINKING OF RETURNING THIS
I guess you could say this is a good way to experiment with the chips at a low cost and see if you will enjoy playing with them. Of the two I received, one was a terrible pour with bubbling and rough edges. Clearly no quality control present and it looks like a stolen mold from one of the more recognizable brands.
Very lightweight, pages don't stay in alignment in binder. Looks like a good made product though, just not what I was looking for.
I only used this swim cap twice a week for two months and it tore. Pretty disappointing since I have the same cap in another color that I have used for a year and a half with no problems. Just wanted a different color.
Buy the newer version. The 2 holding straps don't work as well as one good one with a nub on it.
I didn't like the texture. It's not cotton so doesn't soak sweat.
Bought this for the interval timer and heart rate monitor. Very disappointed to find out there is no heart rate monitor as shown in the photos. Interval timer works as needed.
Product was 2 small for my calves
I ordered 2 and I loved them at first but a the ring part starts to dig into your skin after you use it a couple of times.
Shipping arrived with damaged box, racket came without strings. The seller was prompt on facilitating the return.
I recieved the product and upon opening it, the acrylic cover had not been included.
Not really worth the price. I tee doesn't stay inside the arrow frame and I'm not sure it helped with my aiming.
I'm not sure how long these are supposed to last, but I'd think longer than one season. That's my only gripe. Have to get a new pair. Will try another brand.
Used this for tennis elbow. I prepped my husband's elbow according to the directions and applied the tape. The next time he took a shower the only piece of tape that stayed on was the first once placed on his skin. The package states that its water resistant. Worked great for the day he was able to wear it.
It's soft, but frayed after the first wash. For the amount I paid that sucked.
No time display and not exactly what I wanted
The scope is terrible and impossible to get sighted in. Too bad cos I would have loved the rifle.
This is a very warm sock. I didn't like this, because my foot is wet. And socks are very fat for my shoes.
I dislike the delay for more than a week of the delivery of the product!
It is firm enough for a good foam rolling BUT styrofoam (or whatever it's made out of) chunks are already starting to come up. I don't see this being durable at all.
I love the colors and how they fit but they get dirty very easily and I can't seem to get them clean.
This would review a good review IF they lasted. Bought two that broke very quickly. They replaced them but those broke quickly too. I have previously gotten what is supposed to be he exact same one from a store in town, paid twice as much but it lasted over a year with every day hard use
Only lasted about a year. Wripped.
I really like Tough Headwear's products but I was disappointed with my beige beanie. The beanie is not at all beige. At best, the color is a warm gray. I am satisfied with all of the other colors I ordered (light gray, pink, maroon, army green, dark gray, black, and white) and if I could give them all a separate rating, all would get a 5 out of 5 stars.
These are not very comfortable socks and they shrink in the wash
Came out of the box with the powder tube cross threaded to the base and cracked with a gouge in the rubber dust cover for the top. Two stars because it's still usable I think. I just won't be able to remove the tube without breaking the crack the rest of the way and ruining the tube.
Seriously someone needs to change the pictures of this product. It shows a dual cavity 320 grail R.E.A.L. bullet, the description reads one 320 grain bullet and one round ball and that's what you get.
It was missing a letter.
Not very comfortable and my eyelashes hit the lenses.
This vest does not ran true to size if you are heavy bust woman. The zipper kept poping. Had to return the vest.
Bought it for my kids room. The cards slide around a lot.
Solvent and gun oil - not much for the price.
This is an ok product for the price but there are a few things to be aware of when buying it. 1. It should not be an EDC for it is not very reliable- there is a ton of blade play so there is no knowing when the blade could possibly pop out of socket. 2. The Spring Assistant mechanic of the knife is extremely tight and firm so you will not get any action of the blade unless you use oil on the blade or loosen the screws (which creates more blade play) 3. There are better alternatives to EDC that are trusted and reliable for protection and usage like the Kershaw Cryo, Ontario Rat, CRKT Squid etc. 4. This is a knife that is fun to play with and to open mail/ open boxes at home. Hope this helped!!
Managed to get one band to clip into place but couldn't for the life of me get the other one into place. Made the watch pop off if I flexed my wrist. The band itself is comfortable but I'll be returning this and finding a better one.
After having this box for awhile, we have noticed that quite a few balls have dirt on them and appear to be used. We purchased these thinking they were new.
Cheap tin with poor functioning top. But super cute. Got lots of compliments
We had been getting this for about a year and then something changed. New formulation is much thinner and when it pours it leaks all over the bottle. More importantly, it doesn't work like it used to on sweaty gym clothes. Previously, I would have given this 4-5 stars. Very disappointing. This also seemed to be a bait and switch, because there is no indication that this is a different product, when clearly it is inferior to their previous formulation.
I didn't give this a 1 star because the standard Glock case will work for most everyone. The quality of the case is fine and what is expected of the normal case. The problem...I ordered the locking case..or in the case, re-ordered the locking case. A couple of years ago, I purchased this locking case. On this order, I was sent two standard cases. Not what I ordered (compare to pictures posted by the seller). After looking over the description just to ensure I didn't goof (and wouldn't think so since I "ordered again", it seems that older orders seem to be fine. When you look at reviews from 2018 and later, sending the standard instead of the locking case seems to be a pattern. Once, twice, maybe a mistake. After that, doing so again and again, constitute a pattern by most normal standards. So buyer beware. You might order the case that has the lock, but lately, the odds are you will receive a standard case. If you are fine with that, then there will be no issue. The standard case is a decent product.
I'm a long time fan of Buck Knives. As can be seen in the picture, the belt sander marks left from sharpening the blade caught me completely by surprise. This is the first time I've ever seen such a blatant quality control issue with a Buck. I emailed them and attached a picture. One month later, no response. I've sharpened the S30V blade and it now lives up to its billing. The 119 was top quality in all other respects.
First, this is the 2018. Not the 2019. A 2019 was not made in USA bat. Secondly, it arrived scratched. Huge black 7 inch scratch. Other than that, that bat is ok so far
I have used this cover on a couple of different golf carts and it flexible enough to use. One cart it was a little tight and on another brand it was a little loose. The issue I have is the front windshield. Mine is almost impossible to see out of. I deffinately can not make out a golf ball on the ground. Currently I have to drive with th side window open and look out the side of the cart. I have tried using a heat gun as mentioned in one of the posts to get the wrinkles out and I have had it laying flat on a surface for over a week but so far no luck in improving the vision.
Does not stay buckled
Well the bipod is cheap enough, which is why I wasn't surprised it didn't come with the rail adapter pictured in the listing. The bipod itself is fairly sturdy. I didn't raise a stink about it not coming with the adapter because I already had one, and didn't feel like going through all those hoops just to get the right one. In this world of cheap tactical gear, you get what you pay for.
This is a sturdy rope for sure. However, be prepared for whip marks over your body. It HURTS.
I just received mine 3 days ago. I ordered the "Rose Gold". But the band is actually yellow gold instead of "Rose" . I thought maybe the picture lighting was off. But this is clearly not Rose gold and silver. My Fitbit is the rose gold so clashes. Disappointed
Love that it fits in my car drink holder, but the reviews are right about the plastic taste. I've cleaned this bottle to no end and it have the same nasty plastic taste when your drinking your water. They really need to look into it because it tastes so strong of plastic that it makes me feel that it is not BPA free.
Doesn't stay lit for more then 1 hr at most even left it out in the sun for a whole day
not really good. but really cheap.
I brought two of these cause they were the smallest in length and not so long but they are completely different sizes one is huge and the other is perfect size. I will be returning the second one.
This bracelet is actually quite beautiful It looks really stunning when you first open it. I wore it pretty consistently for about two month and the wear was looking to be really good. Then one day the latch wouldn't close, the magnet that kept it shut had fallen off and the bracelet was basically useless. It may have just been a defect on mine, but it was really disappointing because I absolutely loved the way it looked and fit.
Good to hold thing on belt but my clip broke after 3 weeks needs to be sturdier
The low and too much angled back is not comfortable. The seat fabric also slides forward. The size and sturdiness is fine, but not a real comfortable chair.
I just received these in the mail. The first one I pulled out does not work. The other 4 do, but I ordered these because I needed for a group of 5 early morning walkers. Ugh.
Blue coloring ran and stained my boats seats
not support enough for me
Got this for christmas for my son he loved it but it would not keep a charge charged over night only worked for 20 min then dead.
I am a size 15. My shoe will not fit in the heel part and the toe part is too short to do barefoot. My toes hang off when barefoot and the hard plastic hurts more than the stretch is worth.
This is definitely a lower quality than the better known brand. The fabric feels cheap and thin and the foam inside shifts. I'll be returning this one to buy one in store so I can see the quality before buying.
One side of the band does not fit perfect like the other side where it is attached to the watch. I love the style, but disappointed in that the fit/attachment isn't perfect.
I really enjoyed this bottle. Had two of these. Both of which broke within 4 months of having. They both got cracks in them after a very soft drop. One cracked when I stopped too quick in my car and it flew off my passenger seat and onto the floor. Something that should not break a bottle.
Received the socks really quick! But I'm 5 foot and they came past my knees and the S/M were to big. Would not recommend for shorter women
For traveling this thing is not sturdy at all. The whole bottom where the wheels are busted out.
Very flat, not as pictured. Not adequately stuffed and no way to remove cover from batting, even though it has a zipper due to pleating. Does not give much cushioning nor support.
I generally liked the concept and the different feature this chair had, and at this price point I also expected a sturdy and well built product, I used the chair few times and was satisfied but all the sudden the plastic holder that hold the umbrella in place on the side of the chair broke with very little wind, I expected higher quality and better material with high price, now I can't attach the umbrella anymore to the left side of the chair and I don't see this part listed as accessories either which means I may not be able to use the chair anymore. It is sad as I liked using the product
Just to let you know, you have to screw these to the wall. Got another one that you can put up and take down anytime you want.
The first few times it came off extremely easy when interacted with water but the third time I had to take it off to replace my sensor and it left me with skin irritation and sensitivity. I loved the idea of it but in the end ouch. If a new product comes out I would still love to try it, but for right now I just hope the rash doesn't stay for long.
I like it okay but squeaks a lot and still grabs at times after several months of use
Easy for my dog to distroy, had it not even 1 day
Only actually goes up to 12% incline -- confirmed this with the manufacturer. Amazon specs are wrong. Also, will not work for power hiking -- your momentum is too much for the resistance on the flywheels and it just forces you to run. Overall pretty disappointed with the product.
I thought out of all the knives I've purchased that this was my favorite. Unfortunately the blade snapped off the Handle when I threw it in a tree. I guess it's just not battle ready lol. Looks great on a wall though. Ps. I throw all my knives.
It worked for the first two days, but after about a week of flipping, it broke. The screws came out and I had to tape the handles. Now the top screws loosen just by flipping the knife.
Band is well made and stylish, but after two weeks of wearing it nothing has changed. Sooo maybe there is nothing to this neg. ion thing!!
Not anywhere near mint. Most are discolored or have some sort of marks on them.
Great googles I just didn't Like the clips used to adjust the length of the googles. The clip came apart in the water and when I took it off it fell in Thebes water and I was not able to find it. Sucks because I really like the googles. The suction is nice and very comfortable
Should have read the reviews more closely. Extremely small. Wanted a bicep tattoo and doesn't go even half way around my bicep. Doesn't even fit around my wrist. And I'm not that big of a guy. I'd say they are designed for small children, but what 5 year old wants a tribal bicep tattoo. I suppose a petite woman could use them around their ankle or wrist. Way too small for an adult man though.
Not to happy with the color,looks cheap.
I received this ball yesterday. There is nothing soft about it, and it is quite flat on the bottom and somewhat flat on several sides. In no way does it resemble the 6 lb. soft ball that I use at the gym. Very disappointed with this purchase.
Took 2 days longer to get here than expected. But that's almost every order from Amazon anymore. The deck arrived in a plastic bag. No padding. No cushion. No soft little safety bubbles of protection. So as I'm sure you've already guessed, the deck got smashed. Corners are smashed in. One side has a crease in it. A small tear on the top. People have been shipping items for years but for some reason you think this is going to be the one thing that is immune from the way the USPS, UPS or FedEx handles packages? Shipping any item in nothing but a plastic bag is lazy and shows how little a company cares. I really wanted one of these to leave unopened and collect but why would I collect something that shows up in this condition?
I have size 10 feet, chose the size 6-12, could barely get them on. Disappointed, this was the 2nd set I've purchased and the first set fit great. Missed my return window. My own fault.
These socks are really big- I wear a size 6 shoe and the heel of the sock comes up out of my shoe making it super uncomfortable.
I like that it is lightweight but it's flimsy and the cover already has areas that are practically torn. If it's got holes in it out of the box I can imagine it will be torn up very soon after use. With a few tweaks this could have been a very nice tent.
Really small. Works good for small things.
didn't really hold up, the extensions would slide down despite gorilla gripping them closed.
Like the leather and the fit but I ordered for right side use not the left side. Problem not solved yet!!!!!
Thought this leather watch band was a lot thicker... Turned out very thin....
Well packaged in a box, packing around item in sealed plastic however arrived broken. I felt it was possibly and probably broken prior to shipping and the product was shipped anyway. Items looks as described but I have not taken it out of the plastic packaging yet to really look at because I am still wondering if it is worth the trouble to return it, verses attempting to have success gluing it back together.
Save your money. I bought these as a gift for my son in law. One cracked the first week.
These run small especially if you have a big butt. I even went up a size and the pants barely covered my butt lol so if you have hips and a big butt don't get these. They have no stretch.
Watch band for Apple watch...
One of the main reasons why I bought this product was to track my sleep. I have issues sleeping at night and it's hard to keep track on my own. This sounded like the perfect product to help me out. I have been using this product for a few days now. If I fall asleep more than once, take a nap, it will only track my sleep the first time I fall asleep. With that being said, I am thinking about returning the product and trying something else.
After a few washings they become too tight
I just ordered these and the word Freedom on the waistband is barely visible. The picture shows it very prominent and easy to read, the pair i received are almost unreadable if you did not know what should be there. The fit and feel is good though
Don't like the struggle of putting them on. Fit was not as described.
Had problems with product needing alterations to make it work. Had to purchase additional screws (that was Long enough) for pole attachment. However my grandson did like the goal.
the straps are too stretchy and they are way too long.
I had such high hopes for this belt! Unfortunately, with a 2" wide buckle there are very few pants I can wear it with. Even on those that it does fit I have to angle the buckle (smaller end) to get it through the loops. Forget "stringing" the belt on pants you are wearing, it HAS to be put on the pants before you put them on. I also find that it stretches throughout the day which was the main problem I wanted it to solve. I do like the looks of the belt and I love the buckle, which has been 100% reliable. Unfortunately, the looks, the buckle, and the fact that it is infinitely adjustable just does not offset the limitation of pants it will fit, the hassle of putting it on, and the stretching throughout the day.
The package is not proper for what is inside. One item came broken
Didn't hold up very long at all. Both of them are no longer operational. I would try something different next time...
Nice rod and Reel. Reel was missing reel handle.
the band is hard and pulls your hair. i love the color but not the band.
I purchased this bridge,because a friend of mine had a similiar one,though a different brand. I have used this bridge,maybe three times. The stick is easy to handle,but the bridge part itself sucks. It has alot of play and wobble in it,even when it is turned to "lock it in". It was a worthless purchase.
I didn't like these compression sleeves. They didn't work for my plantar problems. I sent them back for a refund
These are red orange not red
Cute outfit but make sure you order three sizes too big mine was an xl and it's tiny
It fell apart after 2 Uses
The complete lack of resistance on this machine makes it absolutely useless. After a short period of time I start to get into a rhythm and getting my heart rate up becomes extremely difficult. I have tried the bungee cord idea listed by some but the cords simply slip up the posts and eventually provide zero resistance. I really wish I had spent my money on a treadmill instead.
This is not the RUSH 24 pack
Mossy 500 fit perfectly. However it began to fall apart at the mussel end. Cheap stitching but this thing is cheap so what do you expect.
The padding seems ok, but the cut of one glove makes just have them on my hands painful, making glove worthless. Better to use one of my other pair, including an older one that's now falling apart.
They are decent quality, however, I ordered a 11.5, the bag they came in was labeled 11.5 but all the rings said they were 9.5 which was way too small for him.
Disappointed in accuracy. Steps measured only when you swing your arm. No steps while pushing a shopping cart, carrying an object or with hands in pockets. Not showing data on all days even though I wore it except in the shower. Pretty hard to have a day with zero steps.
they work well but theres no cushion at all between the pad and the velcro it hurts like hell when someone throws the ball at you
Too narrow doesn't fit around my boot
I purchased this Ab Wheel by Power Guidance because it was on sale and the rating was great. But i didn't know it was going to be a hassle and painful putting together. You have to put one of the grips to one end of the metal bar. This itself was a long, difficult, and frustrating thing to get done! One end had a crack and my hand hurted so much from inserting the grip that I had to use a towel for support and cushion. But then the round edge of the metal bar sliced through the folded towel and cut my skin. Aside from my arms being tired, getting a scary cut, my hand smelled like rusted metal afterward. I guess you get what you paid for.
These goggles are so large they would only fit someone with a huge head and large eyes, probably a large man. They wouldn't seal properly on my smaller head (woman)
I didn't feel any deep tissue massage with this. Returned it. ;-(
Looks nice. However, it got jammed in the open position on the third time it was opened.
It's really cute but... I only gave it a 2 stars because I ordered it with the matching pants but then I got an email stating the pants would take longer and now I won't be getting the pants at all.
the batteries are fine but the charger is poor, one side of mine broke already, the slide bar is on a spring and breaks very easy.
Not for serious putting
These pants were too short waisted for me. Did not stay in place during a workout at the gym. I will only wear these in the house.
I like it but the buckle is to large to pass through most belt loops
I loved this band until after a few weeks of wearing it I noticed it was snagging all of my clothes. It gets caught on everything and snags everything. It's pretty and very easy to get on and off but beware of snags
I'm returning mine. They look nice, quality seems really good. But they loop that keeps excess length in place are to big and the strap keeps popping open on me and getting loose. So I'm returning mine. The colors seem great also. Just wish they worked on the strap being smaller doe a better fit.
I've wore it walking and doing house work it doesn't make you sweat
While the design was nice and it seemed very sturdy it had a very strong chemical smell that after 3 weeks of being aired out, still smelled. It must have been a paint/stain that was used...smelled super toxic. We had to return.
Never came with instructions
In my opinion, it does feel warm and hot. The quality of the shirt is good, but needs some improvement like a less dense fabric.
These arrows are in fact made of carbon fiber and have a compression fit tip. If you shoot outdoors and miss your soft target, you are unlikely to retrieve your arrow without destroying it. For example, if the arrow gets stuck in a tree or even in the ground, pulling it out results in the arrow head being left behind. The compression fitting is just not that strong. I also noticed when shooting on very cold days that the arrow shafts developed very small cracks or splits near the arrow tip, which further weakened the compression fitting. Other than that the arrows are decent; very light, with good fletchings.
Didn't fit as expected
I appreciated the design and function for almost a year. Then within 2 days both wrist straps broke. The plastic holes that hold the hinge/clasp in place broke open - one hole on each strap. I can see that the other hole on each strap was wearing thin and would have soon cracked open. I would rather pay a few bucks more for a durable product, JP
Be careful- return shipping is not free. I purchased these for my child. He wore the same size in other Nike knee pads we bought and lost. These arrived and were way too small and we are stuck paying 1/3 of the price back for return shipping. )-:
I did a lot of research prior to purchasing these - I love that there are options for different weights but these are the most uncomfortable ankle weights I have ever worn and they MUST be used with pants or high socks or the velcro portion will dig into your skin. I have very skinny ankles and had hoped the weighted part would wrap all the way around but it does not which makes them extremely uncomfortable.
I bought this over others bc of the reviews but after using the device for a few weeks I believe the reviews may be fake. The instructions are all in broken English and don't make sense. The heart rate is widely inaccurate during activity. We bought 2, one for me and my husband and his alarm feature doesnt work. The battery life with wrist sense so it turns the screen on when you turn your wrist to check time will hardly last a day If that feature is enabled. The sync is messed up, disconnects all the time and rarely stays connects. If you use it for just a watch or pedometer I guess its ok which is why I'm giving 3 stars but it's by no means really a fitness watch. Disappointed but can't afford to take a chance and buy another one. Hope this real review helps.
WOULD NOT HOOK UP TO HIS PHONE AND HE SLEPT WITH IT TO SEE MAYBE IT MONITOR HIS SLEEP OR SOMETHING AND IT DID NOT. HAD IT RETURNED
Way too thick and bulky. Awkward to use.
I wanted to love this. I just have two problems. The magnetic closure moves around, allowing the band to loosen, thus causing an interruption in contact to the skin. Second, the heart area on each side makes the from of the watch look and feel bigger. My wrist is small so it's not a good look. Oh and my sweaters and things catch onto the band and get ruined. I guess the tiny little metal pieces grab soft fabrics. I wish I bought a different band.
Got this for my wife. Thought it looked awesome as it also is a phone stand. It's fair, wouldn't waste your money on it as it's not very user friendly. It won't charge the Fitbit while it's attatched to the armband. And it takes forever to charge.
The chart says it fits the 40oz. flask but does not. It's too big. It fit my sister's smaller flask so I gave it to her rather than return it. She likes it.
The small and medium bands are the same size
The app is ridiculous. The charging is ridiculous. You get what you pay for. Only upside...it's small and cute.
Does not function well when the shooter is in a low light area shooting into a well lit area. The auto dim function dims the dot so that one can not see it.
Fill this up with water and you'll be lucky to get to 25 lbs. I didn't get a chance to fill with sand because I bought a superior stand at Lowes.
I measured around my knee as shown to know which size to get, however I guess my thighs are too fat because they tend to roll down and pinch my legs making them hard to wear. Sigh
Very noisy and didn't always send all the cards through. I hardly ever use it. Disappointed.
I bought these because they said they were longer than any others I found - I want them to somewhat protect my real tattoos from the sun when I am driving in the car so I need it to go from my shoulder to at least my fore arm but it is not the length claimed and they do not stretch. Also it comes apart at the end the first time you try to put it on. I like the designs but i can't use them - more kid sized than adults. They do have a line down the middle of the design as well which does sort of ruin the effect however that didn't bother me as I was not really trying to make them pass as realistic.
Fits Field and Stream Eagle Talon, still allows water in through rope hole and they do not float. You would think they would float since they are going out on the water.
I am usually a Medium Size. This one is too short by length and by width. Otherwise i would have not returned it........
Too many parts. Too hard to put together
Had it for a few weeks and the metal clip broke
Only gave 2 stars so someone might read this review. This seems like a great holster if your S&W bodyguard had the integrated laser. If yours does not have the integrated laser, do not buy, it doesn't fit tight and falls out. Bought the same brand for my S&W shield EZ and fits perfectly.
I bought this and only weigh 137 so should be able to do a pull up no problem on the most helpful link meaning easiest setting. I am only pull myself up a few times and that's it. If it truly supported 200 pounds this should be a breeze for me to do several pull ups and its not.... NO way it supports 200 pounds....
I waited in anticipation as I've gotten a pair of Mava before but this time, I'm pretty disappointed. The earlier Mava that I ordered (XL) fitted perfectly but this pair that I received is loose. The color is also different from the photos that was shown.
I tried airing this mat out for days and the chemicals its treated with or whatever it was painted with were so strong it filled up the studio and made me light headed. Its too bad because the mat itself looks really pretty
I think they're short
Liked the size of the unit the light inside is as dim as night so might as well not waste your money on it. I think a glow in the dark would be brighter.
Constantly comes loose. Have to double secure it with tape.
It's decent for the price, but the bottom is warped and it doesn't sit flat.
I bought two, and had to send one back. It was smashed closed, so the lock did not work. If it was in a store, I would not have bought them. Cheap and small.
not durable cheaply made.
Ok initially lasted 4 weeks after first wash air dry It is showing threads
They bag behind the knees, very long so they puddle at the ankles and the legs twist. Not a great fit.
Very finicky, maybe cards must be well broken in feed reliably from each side. Will revisit later and report any changes. 2.5 stars
It worked okay for nearly the first year I've owned it -- it was easy to use while running, it found a GPS quickly, and the battery life was decent. After I moved to a new state, it ceased locking onto GPS in my new surroundings, even with my diligent software and satellite updates. I recently updated my Macbook to OS Mojave, and now the Timex Connect app is completely useless, as it seems to be incompatible with the latest operating system. Come on, Timex! The Ironman GPS seems to have a short shelf life, making it not worth it.
Neat sharp toy.... but it isn't steel. it feels like plastic that will cut your finger off.
They look really nice but they still feel kind of cheap.
Will not stay synced for me. I have to re sync 3-4 times a day
Initially worked well. However after only a couple times out, half of the velco straps stitching came loose and are useless.
wasn't my style. They did not look like real jeans I would wear and did not feel like sweat pants either. just felt kind of awkward.
Not great for small wrists, loses battery quickly if frequently active, awkward pixelated display. Good if you want to see how long you slept and how much you move your arm 24/7, but not much else.
the leg opening was too small
Chair came with wrong size ball unable to use... the ball was half the size of what it needed to be. I am spending the money to order correct size ball only bc a coworker has this setup and it works well, with proper size ball.
Bought as gift Man did not like, Was too late to return
Eyes were offset. You could see the glue between the two halves. Not great quality. Heavy duty build though.
Real is great, the rod sucks. Snaped in half after 3rd use.
I am happy with these discs. Sure to bring any begginers game to the next level of control and accuracy. I cannot however, give a 5 star rating after all the hassle i had to go through to simply enjoy these products so you get 2
Tactical end is not sharp at all. Very dull. You would need a lot of force to deter an assailant with it. It writes when needed, but that's not what these pens are for. The shaft feels plastic-y ... so it has a cheapness feel to it. If you're after value.. go for it. It's already in my spare pile.
Very large and bulky. I may send back based on the lack of quality .
Front site tool is junk
Buyer beware- it only come with one band...
dropped the bottle accidentally and big dents on it and scraped the yellow color too.
this is more comfortable than others i have tried, and definitely better than an ace bandage. but....minus 2 stars for sending 4 emails begging for a review. but don't try to wear all day b/c it creases up inside your elbow and can be irritating if worn too long. but i expect that would happen with any elbow support. (seriously they did send 4 emails reminding me to reivew, no matter how much they deny it. i love when sellers comment on my review, as though i am going to revisit said review to read their remarks--if they really wanted to contact me, it would be through a more direct method.)
I clean windows and am on my knees often, the cut of the pant is to big around the knees. Often when getting on my knees the pad would not align and the pad would be off center aka useless.
A few small details would make this a good bag but it's not so good as is. The table breaks down into large heavy pieces and they all lay loose in the bag, banging around a lot and shifting a lot as you move it and especially when standing it up and lying it down in a vehicle. Some sewn in slots for legs and divider for table top would help. The table is HEAVY so a shoulder strap would help for carrying but there is none and no where to attach your own. So the only option is using the carry handles which are too long. The height of the bag plus the long carry handles means with your arm pulled up high as possible it barely clears the ground, maybe an inch. Imagine lugging this as it keeps hitting the ground and banging against your ankles and shins. I wouldn't want to move this more than garage to car let alone 20, 50 or 100 yards to a shooting spot. I'm thinking I could cinch cargo straps around it and carry it with those
Bought for Disneyland. I bought one for both my husband and myself. It bunches up constantly. I would recommend finding one that had the non-skid on the inside. I should have done more research before purchasing. If I took my phone out to take a picture, it collapsed like a rubber band around my waist. It was actually a pain to use. It did make it possible to be hands free while on rides but I probably won't ever use it again, unfortunately.
Before I ever got the product, I got a snail-mail letter from the company offering me a $10 product credit for a positive review or a $5 credit for a negative review. They request a screen-shot of your completed review in order to send you the credits. I'm not accepting their money, but wanted to say their swim cap is an okay product. The silicone is heavier than other swim caps I own, but the length is shorter. Most of the time it rides up above my ear canal while being too tight around my head. Water did get in my ears, my hair was soaked and it gave me a headache. I am a small woman with short hair and I would guess an average sized head. I will not purchase from the company again because I think it is unethical to pay for reviews.
The zipper on the big "wet" compartment broke off after only a couple of months use. Unfortunate and no warranty to mentioned.
Update: Processed the item for a return to amazon after only 3 weeks. One of the main reasons I purchased this was for the massive interactive display. Unfortunately, this screen is the only source of information for your workouts (distance/time) even when not using it for a guided training session. After about 6 uses, the screen would intermittently not capture data from the rower. In other words, I would be rowing - but the distance would not increase or change. Additionally, the rower was continually dropping connection from my network (wireless hub in same room, 15' away, direct line-of-sight.) . This made loading any workout videos or training sessions nearly impossible. Finally, the unit alerted that it required a software update, but upon continuing, the unit became stuck in a constant state of failed-updating. Even when the power was cycled, the unit would return to the failed-update screen. Upon contact with NordicTrack, they directed me to their tech support section - which was less than effective and extremely frustrating to interact with. I quickly decided to return the unit given the problems I had experienced in a short period of owning it. Oh, thats another thing... returning this thing is sort of a pain. I didn't keep the box it came in, so I contacted my local UPS store and talked it through with them. I eventually lugged this thing to them and had to pay $50 for them to construct a box that could package this thing for shipment. It was sort of a puzzle trying to get UPS to accept this, as it is near the max-size they can accept before it's considered freight. I think this unit has massive potential, but the control hub (a.k.a. screen) needs some overhaul and improvements. My original review from the first week of use is below: Original Comment: Great machine, great build quality, and definitely fun to use! -1 Star, because I feel like the massive display screen should have more functionality, a dedicated power switch, and Bluetooth capability.
Inflated all 12 balls. 2 out of the 12 balls are already flat by the next day without even playing with any of them. Since these 2 balls cannot hold the air, they are unusable.
Comfort was okay but won't hold a water bottle.
Thought these could be a little tighter. I was going to buy a smaller size but the seams started to fail/tear on the ones I purchased so I won't buy these again in any size.
Magnification is nice but so far I can't get it to have a consistent zero.
This device is very difficult to recharge. I have plugged it into several different USB chargers and it will not charge the battery. Overall the tracker does what it expect, tracking steps and displaying phone calls and messages(very small font). I just wish it would recharge!
Zippers blew out on both hands first use. Not very good below 20 degrees f. They did keep my hands dry.
These weights can't be worn without some type of socks. The Velcro cuts into your ankle and is very uncomfortable. With socks, they're awesome.
Nice water bottle BUT does not look like photo. The bottle is clear and the llama stickers are very light / almost clear like.
Did not get to try them - they were much to short and a size to small for my husband
I had new red felt put on my pool table, problem was customers found old blue chalk - after a couple days of use I figured that out, then ordered this cleaner. The table is pretty purple.
Won't stay open after only a few uses. I had one of these before and the old one is fine
The net is great, but the racquets are garbage. They started to break after less than an hour's play.
One strand/loop was defective. The loop opened up where you feed it through the metal holder. Looked like many strands of fishing wire coming out of the net loop and would not go back in.
This product is well built but very tight and difficult to move. If you are used to the rubber ones these will be like you have no muscles. It does slide or ride up a bit on the clothing. We will see how they help and improve with further exercise. I'll update then.
While I have purchased these Golf Balls previously ( and they were near mint), but the latest batch I ordered were 80% off colored, significantly scraped, or significantly colored with markers. A number of the balls are many years old and off colored.
The tips do not stay on. The come unscrewed every time I shoot them.
Not good for a quick change of step height. Would like to return, but return shipping is ELEVEN dollars. Almost pointless to return.
Great design. Quality is lacking. Stitching is subpar
Very cheap feeling and not very much padding. Was expecting something better.
The DVDS were not in this box so I dont know what I'm going to do. The weights are nice though
Use as ankle weight. On treadmill 1hr 7days a week. After 3months found these to be comfortable but not durable. They developed holes and leaked. Had to duct tape them to get 3 months use.
Although this provided moderate support for my ankle and the range of motion was good, at the end of the day I noticed the area of my leg above the top band was very uncomfortable. I can use this while I'm working out, but unfortunately can't wear it all day.
Only one of the swords came with that round thing at the end of the hilt. And they were sloppily wrapped in plastic.
Comfortable but one end didn't latch and am nervous to wear it
I tried to adjust and couldn't get right
FYI: I haven't mounted it yet, and not sure that I will. It came with no adhesive or screws. Seriously guys, you can't include basic hardware? I think I'll return it.
Only lasted one use. Ripped a giant hole in the pants, and it was like wearing a sauna suit. Won't buy it again
This is almost impossible to put on and adjust if you have a shoulder injury, which is the only reason to wear it. It's hot, irritates your skin, and smells, and I was wearing it outside a t-shirt in cold weather. I'm not sure what women they think this works for, but if you have a big chest, this will not work for you at all.
I absolutely love the look and feel of this band, but it's not really worth the price. I bought mine 4 months ago and wore it most days and today the band fell apart. :( Also noticed alot of gray bleeding from the steel in the links whenever my arm may have been moist (I live in a humid-ish area). So sadly, this one's getting 2 stars.
Color is as described but there's not enough compression. This felt like a regular knee high socks.
Glass and reticle were awesome. But changing zoom changes the zero and goes to a totally different spot! Not sure if it was only mine or what.. For the price it would've been a great scope if it worked
These are good quality, but they are SMALL - I would say Crib sized. Not what I needed at all. Now I am stuck with this very small blankets instead of the twin sized that I needed.
I bought this ball for my 10 month old for him to play with as he learns to walk. Quality seems fine and he loves it but it isn't round. When it rolls it wobbles all over the place. I was hoping to teach my son to dribble as he learns to walk (which he is starting to do) but the ball just doesn't roll right. Not super stoked on that.
I got Two one was ok the other one did no work..
This bottle is so fragile. It could not last for even two months. Please don't waste your money. As for its size yes i loved it. But it has no durability especially the lid.
I love my Patriots but these broke within a month of purchase and scratched up my hood and the ball on top fell off.
If i would have known Marcy owned this company i would not have bought it. Had a problem with broken wheels. Customer support was no help and i could not get them replaced, so i bought some at Home Depot and did it my self. The bench itself is good enough, But Marcy, no bueno..
The first camera did not work, I have to set the camera ( the replacement ) on the lowest setting because the flash is so bright on med or high that the subject is lost in the light.
Fit is odd. The front is baggy and the backside is way too small. And the material is not stretchy, so there is little room to move unless you order a size larger than usual.
Too tight for me, I ordered an extra large as the large was way too tight. I will update when they arrive
Looked forward to giving this to my boyfriend for his birthday. He opened it today and we noticed there's what appears to be some kind of burn marks on the knurling. $100 for a barbell is a great price especially considering how much weight this holds but I'm disappointed it came like that. Had it been some dings to the actual metal I'd just write it off but I'd like to be able to keep the knurling in tact for as long as possible, not damaged right out of the box. 2 stars.. I've reached out to them hopefully they make it right.
You have to use 2 of these per hand, and they don't seem to last very long
If the pole was a little smaller than 1" in diameter, it would have been perfect. Bought weight plates 1" in diameter and could not put them on the pole. Such a disappointment. Now I have to buy 2" diameter plates or simply send the sled back. Why would the sled not be a tad bit smaller than 1" when weights plates are the primary source for adding weight to the system...........ughhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had this watch band for only 4 months before it started falling apart. The band started to elongate and the rubber started to disintegrate. The two straps that hold the band in place broke off after about 6 months. I am currently using a zip tie to hold the band down. I would recomend another product.
Very nice quality fleece and warm but way too large for me. I am petite, 5'4" with a small head and when I tried it on, the top of the hood hung so low on my face that I couldn't see in front of me while walking. I tried adjusting and tying tighter but it's not workable so I'm going to return it. In the meantime, I've discovered wrapping a merino wool scarf around my neck and face is a decent substitute.
I like the cart. I use it all the time. I am giving it 2 stars because the strap broke and I have contacted earthlite on a replacement strap and I have got ZERO response. I use bungee cords now which work ok, just looks a little sloppy and I don't think it works as well as the strap. The biggest flaw of this cart is it WILL tip over on you on uneven ground. There has to be a way to alter the design so the weight on the cart gets distributed more evenly. I have had several customers walk me out and I have to cut through grass to get to my vehicle and the whole thing tips over and it's pretty embarrassing. Like I swear today isn't my first day. It does go up and down steps like a champ! Even though it has flaws it does save your shoulders and back. Just be careful on uneven ground and be careful that your strap doesn't break.
We got this as a gift for our children. It was very easy to put together, although I suggest supporting the player's bases from underneath while you push them in. My son was SO EXCITED to play it.... and noticed the vast majority of metal poles are RUSTY! EWWWW. My son said, whatever we touch the rubber knobs. He is loving playing with it. But still, that's unacceptable. I contacted customer service and left a message..... I'll updated my review if they respond.
Not the one I ordered. Not even the same price. Going to give it a try though and I will update accordingly.
It didn't have the gel grips inside as described to prevent it from rolling down and it doesn't work as well as I thought it would
The first battery last 5 runs. Is this real?? Is it going to be better?? I like he infos, but I don't want to change 1 battery a week. Pls let me know. Thank you .
Right out of the bag, quality was about what you would expect. However, after two outings the center mouth piece already busted off. No joke, our 11 year old had it for two days and it busted.
Do not buy! You can barely hear anything. It blocks the speakers too much. I had to use earbuds to hear anything. Very frustrating
Beautiful color but the band is a little to wide to fit into watch fitting. Even if it did fit, the connecting pins are flimsy and I wouldn't have confidence they would hold the band securely in the watch bezel.
Keeps out SOME mosquitos, but far too large mesh to be effective.
My wife was using this to support her belly to take off some of the weight but none the less it never did anything. She felt the same way any way that the vest was on her.
Sorry to have to bust your bubble on this one but compared to the other tactical belts I bought on Amazon this was a one day special. I thought I was making out price wise but you get what you pay for. The webbing in the picture isn't a fair representation of what you actually get. This belt was so thin compared to my others I had to sent it back. One of the purposes of a tactical belt is that it not only holds up your pants but it supports the gear you attach to it. Unfortunately, this didn't do what it's made for
Fit and size were good. Unfortunately, these mittens are not breathable. The waterproof outer shell prevents sweat from wicking out of the liner. Liner stayed damp for days. We returned these.
It keeps resetting the number of steps walked.
Hard to use, have to tap and bring it to life any time you want to see a reading
I bought the bronze color for my husband 10 days ago. I looked down this morning and was shocked to see that all the bronze color is completely gone. It's a completely black ring now. This was the second one I purchased too as the first one was too big. It definitely runs large and I purchased this because I loved the bronze color so much. I definitely DO NOT recommend.
The socks are smaller than advertised...they are too short and don't fit comfortably.
The band is a little big for my wrist.
Not for abuse. Light duty only.
If you have a large wrist this is going to set on your wrist weird. It doesn't actually lay down around the wrist. It is pretty and it opens very wide to fit, but just doesn't lay right. It's being returned.
Not heavy enough and plastic is too flexible. Only the light foldable aluminum scooters work. Heavier steel pro scooters do not stay upright. I even have two of these connected but the connection is so loose it doesn't make any difference.
Not happy with this and wish I could return it. The instructions are a mess, things randomly come loose and throw off my shot, the micro adjustments aren't very intuitive. I would avoid
Have had a few replacements for the straw top but always leaked. Now will spontaneously leak even when upright and when it's closed and if I leave it open it doesn't stay cold/hot and will leak anyways if it tips.
Color on band fades after a month. This is my second one and they both faded.
The anchor mounts only came with the anchor mounts. Didn't have bolts or anything else.
Beautiful on the outside but it came with the top dented and it poured out sideways.
I wish I read the reviews. This is low quality and I'll be surprised if it lasts a couple months; whether the paint chips off or it falls off. It's plastic. Small piece of tape, emblem could easily be pried off the car. Will update if it lasts.
Not the quality I had hoped and found it cheaper on other sites after looking more.
My son opened it and a little screw flew out of it somewhere. Couldn't seem to find where. Now it goes thru one side when closing or playing .... Definitely not supposed to
Not very happy. Only received half a pole like I have seen a lot of people say. Missing top half. Now I have to return my half and order a different one. Not taking a chance at half a pole again. Seems like a good deal if they can fix this half a pole issue
I bought these as I was under the impression, they had cushioning beyond a regular hiking boot sock. They do not. Other than that they are an ok sock. 2 Stars though because it seems like false advertising to me.
I am having trouble with the range finder....it is not consistant. I don't know if the battery is bad or what. I am going to replace it tomorrow.if this doesn't help I will have to return to amazon p w wade jr
Not very reinforced not rigid at all probably wont last 6 months of use.
Incredibly uncomfortable hard plastic arch support. These insoles made walking in my shoes almost unbearable, and I had to return them for another brand/type.
These Dummy rounds felt awesome right out of the package. I put a few in a mag and chambered one. That was all smooth but I noticed that the slide didn't fully lock down. I tried to the cycle the dummy round out and it jammed in the chamber. Out of the 20 rounds over 3/4 of them jammed in the chamber. I liked that they had a realistic weight and feel but the jamming made it impossible for me to use them.
To loose. This is much to big for my son.
It's been sitting in my fitness closet for months now almost new!! Because it annoys me how it keeps rolling down! I should had gotten the rubber piece instead 😏
Negative battery wire came loose from one of the pads on the PCB, had to resolder it after a month. Other than that it works as expected.
It works ok. Not a very good pump. I wouldn't buy again.
Keeps water cold for a while but the lid breaks so easily. I've got two of them and they both broke after one drop from hip height.
It's a great body shaper, it does as it should but I've worn it like 3 times and the thread is coming out and leaving holes in the seam.
I purchased this October 3 and today Feb 5th it broke! I am very careful with my items so this is upsetting. It broke off at the section you charge it at. UGHHHHH Other than that.. I liked it. But a PAIN in the bootie to charge it. = /
this is not a badminton net as advertised. It is a volleyball/badminton which is exactly what I didn't want.
Hard to read. Images on card are not raised like I thought they would be
It's ok. Needs snaps because the elastic doesn't hold well.
They're squishiest, but glue comes apart so they fall apart quickly
Comfortable but gets loose quickly
NOT AS ADVERTISED. The table is a mini pool table that is not 72 inches more like 48 inches. !!!!! The pool balls are mini asa well. Overall this is for children not adults
Not that comfortable. Digs in around armpits.
The lid broke as soon as I opened it
The picture quality is really bad inside of the case so not worth it to me
The large size is quite small and 2 of the larges ones were missing the ceramic eye. I would not trust these on a rod with more than 8 lb test.
Nice and smooth reel that is of great quality. Was really impressed with the setup until the rod snapped about in hour into my first trout fishing trip. Really frustrating..
This really sags like a hammock when you lay down
Pretty thick and spongy feeling, but not very durable, if I was you, I would spend a little more and go with a quality name brand, I just use mine for regular workouts and stretching, did things like push-ups and planks etc., mine tore a small hole in it within less than two months using it about four days a week for 10 to 20 minutes. I didn't use anything superheavy her sharp that should have torn a hole, I think it just tore because the mat was stretching beneath my weight in a plank or push-up type position, I weigh about 215 so not superheavy.
Basketball hoop is good quality, but backboard was broken. Didn't notice until Christmas Eve night and had to have it up for the boy. Chalk it up to crap happens during shipping.
Very expensive for a poor quality decoy. After only three shots from my bow at 60 yards the legs broke off.
My first one was great! I wore it so much that the hole finally loosened, so I ordered another one. Wore it twice, and it fell apart, a metal part on the clasp breaking off to make it unusable. I'm considering ordering a third, as it's so inexpensive, but I can't help but feel ripped off.
Well made but too small.
Love the look of the bottle, and how big it is. By it's impossible to drink out of due to water always leaking from the lid. No matter how much I try to screw the lid on, it always leaks.
These toe caps are NOT one size fits all. I attempted to trim a cap for my little toe and it comes off during my run.
Caught the squirrel first day.....BUT....the bar that holds the backdoor in place is way too loose. When I picked up the trap, the squirrel was moving around and the trap swung sideways and that long bar just fell out - the backdoor popped open and the squirrel laughed and laughed as he ran away. Design flaw. Using a binder clip to keep that long bar in place. Update: Have caught 9 so far, but trigger needs modified or this is just a squirrel feeder. Bend it straighter, file round edge flat, make it more hair trigger. As delivered, squirrel can stand on trigger pad and eat the bait. Or steal the bait container. I wound up wiring a bottle cap to the cage, just below the trigger pad, so they can't steal the whole container of bait. Peanut butter and sunflower seeds seem to be good bait.Lay a brick on top of trap, so squirrels can't roll it around. If they flip it on its side, the trap won't spring.
Loved the decal but slightly upset that they packed the American flag/heart sticker on top of the turtle (face to face) and now the stripes have bled on to the turtle. I had to peel the two apart.
I like the blue color of the mat, but it's very cheaply made. The mat as well as the carrying strap have started to fall apart after a couple months of use. When I get a little sweaty in class the mat sticks to my hands and feet and pulls it off the floor. It's a very thin mat. It's also cut unevenly at the top and bottom.
I made a mistake when I purchased this shirt. I meant to buy the thermal compression shirt. This shirt will work if you have it on underneath a long sleeve shirt. But I needed a shirt to go underneath a shirt with short sleeves.
I didn't realize that the word Practice was stamped on the golf balls.
Ran just a bit too large. Had to return.
I was really excited to get this headband. Unfortunately, it is very tight and slides. Not at all what I needed.
I bought the youth size for my 7 year old, and it's too small. It would probably be great for a 5 year old. The mouth guard looks nice, but the description should tell how small it is.
Got package on time maybe a day early so thats nice. The box was ripped open and my bolts are missing! I emailed seller hope they can help me out. I will update when I get to use my dip bar!
The bench is sturdy and works well, but the both pieces of padding had several small cuts in them. Not a major issue, but not happy about it. Ordered another one anyways. Also ordered a flat bench and it was in perfect condition.
and so easy to break
I like the look, but it picks my clothes, car seat, everything.
Received this on time but disappointed it is NOT solid black. It has orange and blue threads with black.
My biggest issue with this wristband was that my heart rate was not accurate. I compared it to an Apple watch and a gym heart rate monitor, both read heart rates much higher than the wristband. The frequency of readings is also low. For a HIIT workout, the calories burned was also underestimated compared to the Apple watch or gym heart rate monitor. I do not recommend this item.
Bought this for my daughter and what should have been an easy set up took over an hour as the poles were to thick to fit into the connectors. I had to shave quite a bit off to make it fit which was very frustrating. After finally getting it all put together, it is a nice goal and perfect size. Don't think I would buy again or recommend this though. The price was too high for not fitting right.
I had purchased the predecessor product a couple of years ago and found it very effective when used in my cars. The new product is very hard and stiff. It does not have enough cushioning, so I find it uncomfortable to sit on. I have to use two towels when sitting on it.
These did not come in as described or even as ordered. Missing a line ... used different colors than ordered. However, company did issue a refund. Just a bummer, as they were a gift.
I'm not snobby about brands and such. I figured I'd get 20 cheap spinners for an up coming camping trip since I don't have that much trout gear. I just wasn't too impressed, knowing full well what I was ordering. Sent it back because I knew I would end up complaining about them.
I i had to return it as it is not a backpack but a sling bag MIGHT BE GREAT FOR SOMEONE NOT LOOKING FOR BACKPACK
Product just arrived with loose cap and in oil soaked package.
Bands pop. But the warranty
It did not live up to my expectations very small and very difficult to put on
Did not receive this item!
the smell of the brace is disgusting, washed it several times and still it stinks and gives me a rash
Nothing wrong with the product. I ordered 2 of the same size, they sent 2 different sizes. I have no use for one, don't want to bother with a return. Disappointed since it was such a simple order!
Ok, they do give arch support and they did fit my mens size 13 shoes. The issue I had is they have almost no give to them. The description says "Cushioning Insoles" I have to disagree. They seem to be made from a non foam type of rubber with no cushion.
Magnet seemed a bit weak and the bracelet caught my arm hairs (and I'm a lady, so there's not much there to catch). I ultimately ended up returning the product.
I love the front of the bracelet, but the strap that you loosen and tighten broke after my daughter wore it for 3 days. I don't think the cord is strong enough.
I can fit both legs into one of these sleeves they are so big.
I had to return as one of the handles cracked each time i pulled on it.
Rather have folding bowl for washing. This one collapsed when using it and the water ran everywhere - it does pack well
Not very good quality, paracord only goes about a quarter or nearly halfway through the entire strap. Not big enough for full size shotguns or rifles. Not comfortable. Definitely will replace this ASAP, should saved my money for a strap in the $50 range and got something of actual quality. For now this cheap thing will do...
Can I return the baseball bat. It is dented in two places and we just got it. My grand daughter is 7 years and weighs 58 pounds. Is she to big for it?
Small and only comes with one target
They're comfortable for a couple of hours
Purchased this last fall for our boys for Christmas and they love it! However, one of our poles broke that holds the enclosure. After emailing the seller and trying to get Amazon to help, the only answer was to purchase another enclosure. I do not find this acceptable. So a low rating for poor customer service by both Amazon and the seller.
Order 1 to 2 sizes up
Pretty sheer and not very tight. I was thinking it might be similar to the actual Buff brand but nowhere near similar
Helped a little. Nothing to write home about.
The band is very pretty but it's huge. I have a small wrist and perhaps mistakenly assumed it would fit a women's wrist, but this is very large. The end of the band almost touches the watch, I'm pretty much at the last hole in the band. If you have a large wrist you will probably love this band.
Pretty rough. Misfires a lot...B.B's are rolling around in the gun. Pretty poor. Don't recommend it.
I have not received my package. Where is my package?
would have been great if it didn't sag in the middle. comfortable for one person but as soon as two got on it you roll into each other to the middle of the bed making it really uncomfortable. We returned it.
Web belt is thin. Doesn't hold holster very well. Not much better than a regular leather belt.
If you have any power it will fall apart fast...I used to have the older version of this for years. But these newer ones are just falling apart. Doesn't stay locked and foam is just falling apart. Very disappointed.. I feel like this is my worst purchase so far on Amazon.. Sadly won't be ordering anymore everlasting if this is the quality I'll receive.
The gun itself has a nice weight to it, as does the mag. It feels sturdy and the quality and sound of the slide sound very good. Although that's about as best it gets. It uses up gas really fast, the mag is almost impossible to load as the spring has a massive weight to it. But it gets jammed with every other BB, and I tried different types of BB's and same result. I am somebody who knows a great deal about BB and airsoft guns. I don't leave the gas tanks in the mag when I'm not using the gun. Also every time it gets jammed its not something that you can just get out, you have to take apart every piece until you can finally get it out (and it will be hard). The quality of the other versions with the stick mags are very good, go for one of those.
All the hooks kept breaking at the eyes
I ordered a red glove.they sent a black one.glove size to tight for my hand.it stated one size fits all Not in my case
It's hard to adjust it. Also it streches out after wearing it. Also the clasp comes undone sometimes.
The bands themselves are great; material as described. However, the "frame" that the Fitbit, itself, snaps into seems to a little undersized. My Fitbit wouldn't go in the frame without a little more force than I am comfortable with. Returned product, simply because, I wasn't comfortable using it.
This is a pick of the actual bat. Not sure if we should use it after this.
origionally I was very dissatisfied with this purchase and was sent another one to replace the first the replacement is ok but not high quality material for the purpose of this item overall I am ok with the function of this item
Not worth the money. Fortunately it wasn't very costly. Discarded
I haven't actually got to workout on it yet but my review is on how cheap the materials are that come in the box to build the machine. It has a ton of piece to build it and we are very experienced at building things but this took hours. The bolts were very weak and would strip easily. I would send it back but it's not worth breaking everything back down again. I will do another review later when I actually get to try it.
This company has awful customer service. After over a month I finally received my order. It was supposed to be black but I got a white one. It wasn't packaged good at all. lots of loose parts banging around in the box. The hardware kit (screws) was attempted to be taped shut but didn't hold because all the screws were rolling around in the box. Every single piece had knicks and scrapes on them. On the bottom piece the holes were about an inch off. So obviously very disappointed I contacted the seller. I was very upset but came to the agreement for them to just send the 1 bottom piece the was defective. It never came. After contacting them again I told them I was very upset and they said they would ship another one right away. Well here we are almost 2 months later and now they wont even respond to my emails. I drilled my own holes in the defective piece and I am only giving this 2 stars because it does hold up, for now. Don't give these guys the business. They don't deserve it
Material is good but squeaks every time I use the shoulder strap. Gets really annoying
It worked well for like 2 wells then the locks became unstable and the weights started shifting. It's to late to reign then and in so disappointed
Delivered wrong size and bad quality
The white changed color quickly, a little disappointed.
Unfortunately, didn't keep accurate steps. Never charged again after the first use. Bummer.
Very thin plastic and it does not lock into place very well. But for the price it should work if I glue it at the right length.
Cuts off circulation in my legs. Way too tight on the part where I don't need compression. I have to wear them upside down and then they roll down. Does help with ankle support when needed.
Ripped after wearing for a couple weeks. Also gave me a horrible rash on my finger. No other silicone product has ever done that to me before...
They put a barcode sticker over Bucky and the adhesive from the barcode ruined Bucky.
I just received my package today and was expecting a MITCHELL & NESS Brand hat. Instead I received a NEW ERA Brand Hat. This is false advertisement and this is not what I paid for!
The print paint ripped off when I unrolled it for the first time.
Didn't last for more than 3 swims. Got torn.
I wanted to love these socks for Pilates, but after just one wash, the sticky bottoms aren't as sticky any more and so they're not really conducive to a safe Pilates class anymore. I'm pretty disappointed that I was only able to wear them once
I should have read the reviews. Was not what I expected. To small and cheap plastic.
The holding button is very brittle.
These are only windproof at about 5 MPH. I ride on the freeway. Definitely not windproof. You can blow on them and feel the air. They do seem like nice gloves, just not for what they were described to be.
Knife is good but flashlight lacks proper on/off switch. You have to twist the lense to turn on and off meaning it's only a matter of time till it falls off and is lost.
I'm disappointed in this product as it doesn't have grips on the bottom. It has trouble staying on the mat, I find myself adjusting it during my yoga practice. Not what I expected or wanted.
The product runs very small I ordered a size up for comfort and it is still far too tight. It's also not tailored for a woman's body. No front darts in the chest area.
After wearing for the first time, the trim around the edge has unraveled. Not made well.
Be careful when purchasing. The product is good, but the way they package the display is terrible. I'm not sure what happened during shipping, but mine arrived broken in a number of places. They definitely don't pack this display securely so be sure to double check when buying yours.
I carry a Glock 42 and it falls out of this holster. I believe the holster is defective because in the photo there is more stitching where the gun is held. My holster is missing that stitching and the gun slides right out. It would be a comfortable holster if it was made as advertised. Update: customer service is outstanding! They contacted me as soon as I finished the return procedures. Will be watching for an updated holster from this seller and buy one.
The laser itself is powerful and bright. My problem is the adaptors that came with it. They either got stuck in my barrel of my .223 or were pushed up the shaft of the laser. I couldn't get the laser to sit level out of the barrel so I'm sending it back.
I have purchased at least 6 of these bottles. The two new ones that I just purchased were changed. The lid is different. The straw makes noise. The lids are not interchangeable with the old bottles. The lids leak. It is really too bad that they had to mess with a good thing. I rely on those bottles for my child's school days. She drinks water all day long and I like that the ice stays for over 24 hours and the bottles do not condensate which is very important because some of the teachers will not allow bottles that condensate in the classroom. I AM SEVERELY DISSATISFIED WITH THE NEW LIDS. I wish they would have just left well enough alone. Can't trust buying another one. My daughter said that the new straw made such a squeaky noise that she distracted the whole class. Very unhappy.
When using the light and laser it only stays on for a second than turns off. Put new battery in and it does the same thing. When using the light or the laser, it stays on.
Did not fit properly
The grip on the actual step is pretty much non existent. I've slipped off multiple times with brand new shoes on.
It looks easier than it is. I ran around trying to fill this thing with air and it took several tries. I looked ridiculous. Finally got enough air in it to make it work. I sat on it then fell right off. I really think I am missing something. My 12-year old had trouble staying on it as well. We left it next to the tent that night and must have gotten rain because in the morning the thing had water in it...actually inside the liner. Not able to get the water out...and worried about mold...it ended up in the trash. Pretty bummed. The idea is great if it had worked for us.
Each one worked only a couple on/offs..just taking them on and off my string wore them out and the button gets stuck
For durability, this glove is one of the lowest I bought so far. This is the first week I use for bench since I have hyperhidrosis palms. The patches started to come off already
I had just loved ocean potion, as packaged above. Instead of receiving this, I received a much smaller blue tube with very thick cream inside. Before, it was more of a lotion which applied easily. I do not like this new product, and will no longer buy it. Hope you go back to making your original ocean potion.
The colors shown on the picture are not correct, and there is no steady on light up option, only flashing and changing. I wanted the colors shown, and it is more red and green and blue, no purple and teal.
I like the design. It runs small. I wear 8-10 and ordered medium. Returning it and ordering large.
Well, I ordered the Black/Red, but it showed up Red/Gray(?) And didnt have the ribbon that the piece of paper said it would have, so I dont want to say it's great, but it is comfy and they are pretty nice.
this is way shorter than pictured. its a thick black short roller, not what I was looking for
First off, this thing is huge. Bigger than any range finder I've ever held. If you shoot a flag/target 5 times you'll get 5 different numbers. All seem close to accurate but there's no telling. I returned it after one round of golf.
I measured my wrist carefully with this and even added an extra two tenths of an inch. I didn't want to go too far over because the point of this was compression. The sleeve was so small, it hurt my wrist getting it on and I could feel within a few seconds that it was cutting of circulation. Don't trust the sizes. The material and lightness of it would be great for exercise if it were usable. I had to return it.
Adhesion quality is poor. It invariably starts to curl up on the ends and eventually does becomes loose and ineffective. It is also flimsy compared to other brands.
After pricing out various sleeves at brick and mortar game stores, I thought I'd found a great buy with these sleeves. Unfortunately, it's a get-what-you-pay-for situation. These sleeves are very thin and flimsy, and don't fit a standard Pokemon card very well. The cards are loose inside the sleeves and don't fit snugly. As I sleeved one card after another, I realized these were pretty disappointing in quality. I wish I had sprung for a nicer version as now the cards easily fall out of the sleeves. The sleeves also mar and crinkle easily. Lesson learned...
I ordered these for my grandson. They are extremely smaller than they show to be in the ad. It should say "enlarged to show detail" or something to that effect. My grandson was very disappointed with them.
I really enjoyed this product, but once I took it off for about a week, then went to put it on again, it stopped working. I tried several times to recharge the battery, but it seemed it died. I only had this product a couple of months. No literature came with the product that explained what could have possibly happened. I think the battery lost charge and then that was it! Very disappointing.
I think my delivery went to the wrong address, got a email saying it was delivered but I didn't receive it.
I liked the band since i could adjust it so easily. After approximately 4 weeks the color started coming off of the band.
Gets very damp quickly
Looks nice and seems good quality but will not stay stuck to my phone
I love everything about this cup but its difficult to drink out of. It's like drinking something with a straw that has a crack in it. It's mostly air and barely any water.. ive tried all different types of straws n still have the same problem... is mine just defective?? Can i get a replacement??
It explodes open, then you have to fight with it to close it, and keep it closed.
I ordered this to mount to my Primary Arms 5x prism scope; but it is too long and needs to be cut on the eye side. I have not mounted it yet.
I was hoping for a bolder red to match my school colors. Also one of the connections wouldn't lock. So with two strikes, I had to return.
The front band was very noticeable when walking. Good support.
Kind of bulky and heavy for me. I returned them
Soft and nice at first but a few times playing the whole ball begins to crack. Doesn't hold air well but that's less of an issue because you can fill. Not a beach ball... beach ruins the ball
I had to stitch a whole in the seam on the palm after trying them on when they arrived!
I just got the box an opened what appeared to be a twice taped box. I carefully removed the plastic from 2 larger pieces and I quickly saw defects. This could not be missed if they have any inspectors. Based on the box, I believe that I was sent a used unit that had been returned to them....TERRIBLE.....I did not get a discount off the Amazon Price, and nowhere does it say that they were sending used parts !!!
A 20 mph wind gust caused this "windproof" umbrella to snap a support joint, cause a tine to disconnect from the edge, and rip the stitching on 3 more....and then invert like a movie prop. I will give it points for being huge! 2 people can easily use it, as long as it is not windy outside.
They are too low to wear for very long. I ended up with blisters. They are also very thick. I don't care for thick socks but I know some people like them.
Great fit in my hand and easy use of switching the safety lever to use. Unfortunately, there was no stream. It was more like a puff of short mist and I had to use both hands to squeeze down on the pump for that to even come out. How would one be quick to use in the event of an attack? No thanks.
It looks beautiful, but I will be returning it. It arrived in a padded envelope and it was cracked. That let's you know it isn't durable and probably wouldn't last a day on a car.
First of all, The item showed up a day late, which seems to be happening more and more as of late with Amazon. Making me seriously reconsider my Prime membership. I guess two-day shipping actually means three or four day shipping. Anyhow, after unpacking the item, everything looked fine upon first inspection, until I actually tried it out. I connected all the rigging to the net and to my fishing vest correctly, and the first time I tried to pull the magnets apart, the 360 degree copper swivel pulled right out of the bottom of the handle, leaving me with just the net in my hand, and all the rigging still attached to my vest. Really??? Don't get me wrong, I was able to epoxy the swivel back in to place permanently, but I hate having to fix something that's brand new, that I paid good money for. I recommend looking for a quality net elsewhere.
It is definitely good quality but my hubby is having an awful time with it not staying in place. We have had it a few days and he has tried a number of things so this weekend we may superglue it down to so pavers to add weight so it won't fly across the yard like it has. Ugh. Gave it 2 stars due to at least it seems to be made well
After a couple uses the locks started getting loose and wouldn't hold anymore now just pops open from any shaking, lost alot of balls from these
This is crap. Stiff. Small. Ended up giving it to outlet toddler to play with. Pretty sure even she was like nah.
Bought one like this few month back and works great, and brightness was good, this one not so good about as bright as s keychain light, just don't know why, same look and set up, diff:brand maybe just sucks on the brightness love the attachment solid. Very disappointed.!!!
Please tell buyer this ball is shipped flat without a drop of air . Terrible gripping and a toddler cant even pick this tiny ball up. Crap! Stay away
Did not keep my hands dry or warm. Would not recommend.
Something is not right about these. I have the gun these are listed for, but these stripper clips just don't work.
The box was in shambles. Nuts and bolts were falling out the box during shipment... missing alot of functional elements. Can't win them all...
Was a little confusing to use it at first. Doesn't seem to fit snugly around my shoulder once the liquid has frozen.
False advertisement. This item does not come with a spray top. It comes with a cap. Now i have to pay for a proper bottle just to use the product.
Completely different bag came from what I ordered. The wrong item was okay but it wasn't what I ordered.
Item did not include the SS screws indicated in the description. I've not installed it yet but it seems like a straight forward project to do and screws are easy enough to find. Just saying... Now that I've used it for the season, it is just an ok deal. I knocked it down from three to two stars as several times the fan blade became disconnected from the motor shaft. Putting it back on wasn't too difficult but it should not have come off to begin with. I didn't realize when I bought it there is no battery. It only runs when the sun is up.
Looked nice for half of a summer. Next summer it quickly disintegrated.
Unfortunately the reviews were correct these shoes don't last:/ I received this on June 16, 2018 and here it is 17 days later and there is already the beginnings of a hole. I'm really dissapointed that they have worn down so quickly because I really love the look and feel of the shoes. I did wear them pretty much every day but I expect shoes to last better than that. They are a great inexpensive zero drop shoe. It's not sustainable to buy a new pair of shoes every 2 weeks. I was looking for shoes that at LEAST lasted a season. I won't be buying them again... a guess my search for zero drop work shoes starts again.
With a 500 lb capacity, it should have been wider.
1 out of 3 ended up being damaged. I noticed one got dirty in spots the other two wouldn't. Unreachable spots even with the tiniest flexible brushes whereas the other two were too air tight. I didn't think much of it would just soak it in bleach and clean extra hard. Until my son's juice exploded all over my ceiling and shot 8 feet across the room staining everything in its path.
Very disappointed in this product. First of all, BOTH pillows I ordered were two inches shorter on either side than the description stated. I know because I measured, waited for any expansion, and measured again. Secondly, it is hardly a travel/camping pillow, because it compresses as much as a normal pillow would if you stuffed it in a bag. Certainly not self-inflating or compressing. Last but certainly not least, LUMPY AS HECK. I fluffed it, smooshed it, laid my head on it, left it out for a while and it was still like laying on a sack of peaches (not quite as firm as potatoes). And I would like to stress that I ordered two that were like this. Needless to say, I returned the product.
This one fell apart on first use. I'd say it performed very poorly compared to others I bought and use.
The colors are nice but the plastic pieces designed to snap the band onto the actual Fitbit aren't sturdy. Each band broke in a matter of a week or so and I almost lost my Fitbit because of it. I am very disappointed as I participate in challenges and am in need of my Fitbit daily. I now can not use it until I get a reliable band.
I'm thoroughly disappointed with this product. I bought 3 total, one for each of my kids. Immediately they leaked, but that was an annoyance given their water did actually stay colder longer. However, the straws don't stay in, and the black plastic-y lid part snapped in half after initially purchasing. I emailed the company with no response and finally broke down to buy a replacement part for $8 on amazon. The second one dented badly after dropping it. The third, the see-through mouth piece has now broken off and will not stay on. I'm obviously beyond any return period and didn't get anywhere the first time after contacting the company. I purchased them at the start of summer, and we're only a month into school now.
The exposed hook side of the Velcro either got entangled with my hair or my clothes, and the edges dug into my arm pits. I wore it over t shirts for extra comfort and under my hoodies/sweatshirts but the lint stuck and I could never dress down, lol.
No sign on the bottle that shows this made out of stainless steel. I'm worry this may be aluminum - which can cause dementia.
They work OK. But it takes too long to untangle the straps and get them on. I'm a 9, and after washing, they're a little too small. Plus, I've only worn them maybe 10-15 times, and the straps are starting to fray.
I ordered a large and they sent me a small
These bands are too thick and color was very unnatural. Gold is too yellow.
Nice rack--didn't fit my cross members
Cheap. My own fault for going cheap.
It's ok but not as comfortable as I would like. The band is too stiff and I can't sleep with it. Nice features but I can't wear all day because the band is bothersome.
Okay product, difficult to shape for good fit, gets really mushy and hard to work with.
Plastic housing is of poor finish, for a pricy machine.
Wore these with new pair of shoes that tore up my heels the week before. As a life hack, I have found that KT tape in its original form worked wonders for this purpose in the past, far better than any other blister prevention or bandaid. However, I cannot say the same for the current blister tape Im wearing. After half a day, it has worn completely through, exposing the skin underneath - whereas, any KT tape wearer can attest, true KT tape is so difficult to remove, it often comes with the first layer of skin when you take it off. In other words, save your money and just buy strips of actual KT tape- works way better than this product.
These are kinda like the cheapo ones you get at the eye doctor, the wells are deep and it's slightly difficult to get your contacts out.
I didn't like the fact the gal container was opened when receiving it and shipping was apparently hard on it as it had spilled and a lot it was inside the box it was shipped in.
Unit appears to be working properly. NOTE: Product has conflicting instructions concerning wiring for automatic vs manual function. The box says brown wire is for auto function. WRONG! The written instructions inside the box say the brown-white wire is for auto. CORRECT. You better test yours before finishing your wiring.
I use the silver one primarily and it works! But the magnet on it seems to be getting weaker. So I decided to switch to the black one. Unfortunately the black one won't connect properly to the watch, it just falls off. I wish the silver one had lasted longer, because I really do prefer these over a normal stiff watch band
I was initially attracted to the chute cord on the handle. After getting it, took it out camping and realized that a good hatchet needs weight to it. This hatchet has no weight to it. I could see it being used for small tasks but not hacking a branch that is 2 inches or thicker.
The watch and step tracker work great. The blue tooth pairing with my phone is spotty but it usually notifies me of incoming texts and lets me pause or play music. My two main complaints are (1) the hear rate monitor is ALWAYS wrong and not just by a little bit (I can be exercising full out at the gym with my heart rate monitor reading 160 bpm and the watch will tell me I'm at 72) and (2) it's easy to accidentally hit the watch face throughout the day, so I've ended up with days where the watch thinks I went on a long bike ride or I've accidentally hanged the time just because I accidentally hit the face while going about my day.
They would work if the stay on
Super cute and comfortable
Love toe socks. These are low and stay put.
The cover is beautiful but it had a large cut/tear on it when I opened it to put it on my pool table. I bought it for my husbands bday but was moving t the time so just opened it in March so now I'm stuck with the cut/torn cover.
I purchased this because I love the idea and benefits of a copper water bottle. However, it's proving impossible to keep the oxidation at bay - I'm finding this is adding a musty smell/taste to my water. I can scrub the bottle up to a point, but polishing down inside isn't happening.
Good day I have not gotten the product yet but will let you know the minute we get it and try it out.
Great bag for keeping your hands dry of moisture and sweat while bowling. Only drawback was on initial use there was a ton of rosin and very shortly after there wasn't much coming out of the bag when squeezed and patted in hands or over finger holes.
happy with the product.
This cap looks patterned, but the cap we were sent was solid purple which was disappointing. We could not return it.
Seems not like the ad, not easy to use . But quality is good.
Lures are great but I only received four of them
Its a nice set, but the mallets won't fit in the bag for storage after they've been assembled.
I was nice looks great but the strap popped and the bag still look good. It need to be more tighter
it's fine except for the unending squeaking noise it makes..
I bought this to mount to a Molle vest but although it says it is Molle compatible, it really isn't. The belt slide mount on the back does have sort of a clip feature, that in theory could clip to one mole loop, but when you try to mount this way it is a flimsy mount and not secure. The knife and sheath are nice for the price - I would have given it 4 stars (a 5 star knife costs much more than this!) but for the fact that I was looking for a knife that easily mounts to my Molle, and this said it does . . . but it doesn't!
This was my first inverted umbrella and as such I treated it with kid gloves. (Be nice to the new shiny!) I so badly wanted to love this but it began falling apart (points where the inner material met the outer material tore apart) on my second use. On my third use one of the spines popped out of its pocket and while I could have fixed both of these issues for me the experience and novelty had been ruined.
Already the legs are getting gritty feeling and only used 5 times. Hope it lasts better than the gen 1 and 2.
Decent ball. Average went from 190 to 205 in a few weeks. Hits hard. Leaves a lot of 10 pins on soft hits.
Fair. You get exactly what you pay for with this price point. Screen extremely hard to see in direct sunlight. Getting watch to light up when you lift your wrist is hit and miss. Tends to turn on when you don't want it to - like when your sleeping. Very bright in a dark room. Still haven't gotten the sleep data to work.
It's light weight for sure.
Nice just feels super cheap compared to other belts of the same type
a bit small for my hands....other wise OK
Disappointed with the color. Picture is aqua, but it's blue. Nice mat tho!
Works fine. Easier than spring collars but can move just a little.
The color of this backpack was WAY darker than the photo. It's more like a dark, electric blue.
good swimming goggle.. easy to use..the box says it come with a protective bag to store the goggles but I didnt get one
I don't believe the readings were accurate.
Would have been helpful to know I wasn't ordering a pair.
Love the dots, wish there were more red dot in a sheet or a couple of sheets of red in pack. Thanks
The nose pieces come off very easily and had to use other nose pieces but wearing the glasses are comfortable and work really good.
This pop-up is amazing and easy for one person. I gave it a three star because of two flaws: 1) for the price I think it should come with a rain fly and 2) you have to be extremely careful that the screen doesn't touch the Velcro or it will tear/ruin it. -I think the screen should be made of a better material like a real tent
Bags are fine. Be aware they do not come with twist ties or anything to close them.
Runs large to fit over clothes, thin fragile material but waterproof so a good value. Do not put in washer!
First one fell off while hunting, never found it. Zippy tied em on after that. Even with that they are so hard to open they pull right off unless you use two hands, which is pretty awkward when you need to open them quickly. FYI, bought these for a Vortex scope.
Yeah I figured it connects to the stand. Do you have a diagram you can send me?
I had to throw this in the wash when I got it. It was stained and obviously the box was opened. (The manual inside was all crumpled). 3 stars since it technically functions but was gross.
The table is good quality but the shipping box and table arrived damaged.
Love these weights. Only ONE issue I've found - they DO rust if you keep them in a humid area. I recommend keeping these in airtight containers if you live in a humid area. Also recommend wiping them off after use if you sweat a lot.
Haven't looked into return policy but would return as the size is too big. It works as it says and you will sweat in your mid section. Great concept just wish I could return for smaller size.
The part that secures the gun in (on the belt) isn't a quick thing to unsnap. It's not a snap, etc. It's a slide. I think if I had to get the gun out quickly, this would /could be a problem. (kind of important!) For that reason, I probably wouldn't buy it again. Otherwise, it's okay.
The picture clearly shows the item sits below the belly button so ordering them is on me. I'm 5'4" and 140 lbs.; I ordered a med. The shorts fit okay, though I'd like them a bit roomier--but again, on me. Be careful if you order because return shipping is 40% of the purchase price. Yikes!
I like the mat because it has a bit of weight to it when sitting in the grass or on the ground. Problem is that I was hitting some drives with a tee inserted, the rubber tee piece tore right in half. Now I basically have a hole in the middle instead. The mat is still usable, but not great.
Worked but dont let them get wet.. they explode open.
I guess I did not really need what it has to offer.
I bought this to keep in my car for emergency use. When I needed it the batteries had lost their charge, it had been over a year so that is understandable. I had a long USB cable in my car and a USB port so I plugged it in - worked great. Why 1 star it ? It will not turn off turn off. If any one can suggest a light that would better fit my needs please let me know. Note: After a full charge the on off function started working so moving forward I will charge every month
Replaced the original mercury float switch from a 2003 switch. Purchased hopefully thinking the screw holes would line up but they approx. .are 3/8 " longer, had to drill a new hole in bilge to anchor properly to the bottom, time will tell in longevity of the product
Cute, neon colored mesh backpack. I was surprised how big this backpack was. I can put a lot of things in it. I use it for my swimming gear. Towel, swim Finns, swimsuit, water bottle, goggles. I put smaller things in the 2 pockets. I 'm happy I ordered it.
Not what I expected, but it's okay.
We loved this rangefinder, but it just stopped working. Replaced battery and still nothing.
They work well. For a short time but did stretch out after a week use as I need to wear them all day. The size range is on the small side when using sizing chart for people with lager thighs this is problem as well
Would not fit my Ruger 10/22 Archangel stock without modification. Had to file the inside bevels almost to the screw penetration to make it fit. Could not mount the screw in that location as it would not allow the retraining piece to go into place.
They serve our purpose in basketball practice. A little smaller than I'd like but they fit. They are better made than some reviews indicated.
Part of the band broke not looking after buying and I was gentle with it. Liked everything else!
I like that is does help repel the mosquitos but not for long. I was using it for a vacation on Mexico. At first they were working really good but with in a week and a half they did not work any more and i was replacing them evey week. Even wearing 2 or more bracelets at a time.
The band was pink, but the color faded after 2 months and it is now off white.
Ordered 2 hats for my parents. One was fine, the other was broke. The velcro strap on back of hat was poorly stitched to hat and it came off. My mother said it was fine and she would sew it back on. I didnt return but disappointed with quality
Ran a little big so they all got lost very quickly
Box came open and retaped. Product thankfully isnt damaged
Just got this yesterday. While I'm sure it will be a welcome addition to the home gym, it did not arrive with a carrying strap as advertised. Fair warning. It is long, and nice and thick, but does have a strange smell upon arrival.
The product does well in the vigorous environment that my friend and I put it through, however one day a piece of the handguard fell off and is still missing. sword still is balanced and works fine.
Great price but material was hard and cause my wrist to break out.
bulky to carry around
I bought these in large for my 13 year old daughter for basketball. She said they were comfortable and easy to put on. The only downside was they started to break and rip on the padding part after her 2nd time of wearing them. She was not diving on the floor or playing aggressively so I was surprised they started to come apart like they did. They were still usable, but the padding should have lasted longer than two wears. They were not bad pads for the price though.
Zipper broke within one week. Pull tab is weak and should be upgraded
The clubs are as advertised. The bag, however, is garbage. Unboxing the clubs: The club cover was ripped, a zipper pull was ripped off and sitting in the bottom of the box, and the zipper completely snapped off one of the pockets so now it just hangs open. It's as if this company put together a think tank, did a lot of R&D and consciously decided to make the worst golf bag ever assembled.
Nothing too great but for 7 bucks it's a decent knife. Pretty sharp and serrated but the style is pretty simple.
After a week I had trouble getting them to charge right
DID NOT WORK GREAT FOR ME, MAY NOT BE WHAT I NEED FOR MY ISSUES. THE PRODUCT IS VERY WELL MADE AND COMFORTABLE THOUGH.
A lot bigger then expected. Can't use it unfortunately.
i have already stitched it together
The sights are nice but it didn't come with an adjustment tool for the front sight..
Cute. Just too small.
Cheap. Makes you super hot under the mask.
Just got it ahead of it's projected delivery date, but when I try to put in the driver heads they fall out very easily. There doesn't seem to be any magnetic attraction at all.
very disappointed in this. Went to register it for the warranty and the web address is invalid. Doesn't read accurately with my other product different readings. Can't get the ap to download.
It worked but was not useful to me
The hopper works like a champ as of the tank it already has to be replaced because its leaking pretty bad. i have only owned these items for about 6 months now.
Strap retainer does not hold up well.
They bent when I hammered them into the ground
They seem kind of loose.
I bought two of these exclusively for the pouch. I can't believe that I couldn't find a stand alone pouch or other paddle and ball storage bin to go on the table. So I got these just for the pouches, and the pouches are great for holding balls, but to fit paddles in there you have to really work to wedge them in. And the paddles and balls... are so cheap. We threw them all away almost immediately.
Like how easy it is to put on and take off but the band doesn't always feel the best
Nice backpack, well made, but the single strap being mounted right in the center makes it want to constantly slide off your shoulder. Perfect size though for anything up to a large Ipad Pro...
Not sure this will work for my electric chair
Safe is great for the money delivery service down right stinks on the handling department
Wasn't made for an adult. Still used it, but beware if you're over 5'10 and 170 lbs. *update* was issued a partial refund because I wasn't satisfied with product. Great customer service!!!
It was ok. Fun and ok but needed more weight
Not worth the money had to add a camo tarp over the top due to water leaking in not what I was expecting for the price but other then that very strong left it up threw hurricane France and it was still standing strong
I purchased this for my dad on his birthday. To be honest the hilt is way too sleek and slippery to be functional. While I recommend the KA-BAR I do not recommend this version for field use. This is more of a show knife to be mounted. Go with the tactical version with an actual grip if you plan on using it.
I have really enjoyed this purse until the front zipper utterly failed. General use on the zipper and in less than eight months it quit working properly. Now I have a very nice purse that fits my needs but cannot contain anything in the front pocket. I have put up with it but it is very frustrating. I am trying to contact the company about this problem.
It is very hard. Can't really be used for dodge ball. Works well as a basketball though.
Nice and big, my son had wanted it to fly behind his pickup on a flagpole but decided to hang it on his wall. He said the flag was pretty thin and it wouldn't last to fly it. He loves it though.
I had high expectations for this little bag, but it didn't quite measure up. First the things I didn't like: 1. The zippers are either too long or need to be placed better. Whenever I opened the bag, my stuff would either fall out or I needed to hold it back from falling out. 2. The pocket for a cell phone is in an inconvenient location on the strap. Too awkward to use there. 3. The water bottle pocket needs to be bigger. I had a 20 oz bottle which barely fit. I had to work some to get it in. The things I did like: 1. Nice size not too little not too big. Holds what you need for an outing. I had a fold up umbrella, sunglasses and case and a few other smaller items in it for the day. Could even fold up a jacket to fit. 2. Nice to have hands free and able to access without taking it off like a backpack. 3. It is comfortable. Wore it all day at a golf tournament and it wasn't heavy and bothersome. I am going to keep it, but would really like it better with the above improvements.
The item was as it was advertised. Fits well on the Fitbit. Recieved it on the third day after the order.
It didn't fit well on my bushnell Tour V4 Shift
The suspenders are of good quality, but I found it to not be what I expected. First of all, while the description does say that there is no belt included and I can't technically fault them for it, it clearly shows the belt in the photo and the note about the belt is not prominent, so I was surprised when it wasn't included. Also, the photo shows the shoulders strap at their full length, which is unrealistic. When adjusted, the straps hang down in a way that, again, makes perfect sense, but as I bought this for a costume, surprised me when I put it on. Finally, as I began to adjust the straps, I could already see that the teeth that hold the straps in place where starting to fray the straps themselves, under normal use. overall. Again, many of these are bad assumptions on my part, but I think they could have been cleared up by better descriptions and photos.
nothing wrong with holster the grooves in the lower barrel catches and it don't work well with grooves in barrel.
Only reason I gave it 3 stars is because it took an extra two weeks to get to me. Otherwise I love it! Def makes me sweat a lot!
I like them, but don't love them
Brass feeder could have been a little smaller to make it easier to feed through barrel.
Exact piece i was looking for
When I first got it in the mail it didn't come with any packing, and a few days of testing it the power button stopped working, so I decided to return it
One of the bands broke today. Have used it maybe 10-12 times
The main reasons for this purchase were the blood pressure and sleep monitors. The blood pressure monitor is fairly accurate. The sleep monitor does not seem to work for a 3rd shift schedule...it records nothing during daytime sleep. Also, the band is very difficult to clip together around the wrist.
Not exactly what I was hoping for. You need plenty of space to perform the workout.
I liked how compact it was but the utensils were kinda small so I replaced them with my own.
Received this item as promised, was disappointed in the thickness of the material and hoping it will hold up to our Maryland Beach weather. I will update in the spring to see if it did. It did fit my Ezgo 4 seat golf cart well.
The gloves were very good quality, however, the advertising is very misleading. Thought I was getting BOTH the left and right gloves but its only one.
Works, but you need to hold on to it because it doesn't lineup perfectly. One side of the mag works, but towards the end I need to give extra effort to push down the other side.
not quite tall enough for my Columbia cart. Tight fit to cover the front and rear bumpers, leaving the Wheels and floor of the cart exposed.
The light seems to be as advertised but I think that I received someone else's return. The box inside the shipping envelope was torn and crushed. In the box there was a plastic bag and the light, but the light wasn't in the bag. The bag had a jagged edge across the top like it was cut open with scissors. The light works but I'm not real happy being sent what looks to used merchandise.
Bought X-Large. I have a size 12 foot. Way too tight. Foot is crammed in pocket and causes bloody toes. Nice fins if they fit.
Didn't fit my 7 7/8 head.
Four of the six balls are yellowed.
Like the conservative fit. Don't like the stupid bra padding at all. Speedo suits don't last like they use to.
was uncomfortable to wear
It works but good luck getting it off!
Works good, but I do not like the way you have to charge it. When pulling off the band to charge it would be easy to break the usb connector. Would be eaiser if it used a mini usb.
Still feels sturdy, strong, and true to weight. Other than that the enamel coating is much cheaper, bottom cane pre chipped so no need for me to do any extra work. Has a lot more bumps and protrusions than my other enamel cap kettlebell
Too slippery; just a little bit of sweat made this thing impossible to hold positions.
A little on the big side but fun
Fair face mask to deer hunt in
The bags are thin, so that even small items with square corners can puncture them. I can recommend them only for soft items.
Very good size and a good traveling bag. But the zipper came off after three days of usage.
The bag does not seal if it's warm. We use this outside and well I can't hide from the sun so my items won't be protected from the water but it works as a small bag to hold my quick wanting items
Gun stopped working 3 days after the return date. It was great until that point.
It's not as textured as I expected, it's also lighter than I expected (expresso brown). It also feels flimsy and is pretty small.
I did not have the fitting problem many others had. My only issue is the swivel pops out of the mount without pushing the button. I have to be careful how I hold the rifle. Otherwise, I'm tripping over the sling. Glad I got it, but wish it was more reliable.
Every one of these we have purchased have not held air as well as other balls.
Seems sturdy but do not like that the risers do not lock into position. Also bulky for storage if not using all the risers, none store under the unit. Large size beware if putting into smaller spaces. Have not used heavily but expressing my initial reactions.
Is what it is. 3/8 gap between handle and guard.
Works as described. Better than the store brand.
The handle is hollow and broke shortly after I received it.
great price, works great
Great tool to play with
Really nice durable case but the problem with waterproof cases is that people can't here you and this one is no different so I'm disappointed.
Already peeling off won't buy anything from company again looks good but it's not going to last I had to re glue the Rams logo on the bottom of the frame
The band was little too small compared to the original fitbit band but the matte black casing is perfect! I needed to replace my old one bc its color was coming off
Really enjoy the back pack but it started ripping on me. Inside the backpack the fabric connecting the cushion started to rip apart. As long as I keep the back pack closed, works great, but I fear several more trip and it's going to come apart.
The display is a great improvement over my old fitness tracker; the color makes it easy to read. It takes some adjustment to lean how to turn your wrist to activate the display; it is a different response than my old one. Of course, touching the bottom face circle activates the display, too. The "Sleep" tracker if never accurate on these fitness tracker because they only monitor heart rate to determine sleep time and "Light" versus "Deep" sleep. But total sleep time seems to be accurate on my old tracker. This Fitness Tracker doesn't come close to tracking even total sleep time time, so its type of sleep is terribly inaccurate. The pedometer seems to be reliable; I used in in conjunction with UnderArmour's Map My Walk App and can make a comparison. The GPS exercise feature appears to be accurate too. The Heart Rate monitor also seems to be accurate based comparing the data by time of day to the activity being performed at that specific time. If the sleep tracking feature were accurate I would have given a 4-Star rating.
I ordered the wrong size and hope to exchange it but the couple seconds I had it on for it seemed great
It's an ok case, but it's best to store an emergency card rather than a daily use card. Kickstand got loose in about a week and wouldn't latch at all after a month.
I bought the size 6-12 (men's), and I wear a size 8 1/2 shoe (women's). I thought they would fit, but they're a bit small/tight, and the seam over the toes makes for an uncomfortable fit. I gave them away to someone else...
Product seems "OK" so far but as others have said the instructions are one of the worst I've ever seen. I also had to drill one of the holes out that was not done in the manufacturing process.
Thin mat. Main complaint : this blend of plastic makes my feet sweat more than usual and so they slip during yoga.
Thin foam rubber material. I'm skeptical on durability and ease of cleaning.
Water bottles aren't nearly large enough to contain enough fluid for a long run.
I used it while camping. It did shoot a few feet and also dripped on my hand. Cleaned my hand off as best I could in the situation. I wasn't attacked but my hand was painfully spicey for the night. It's okay for the price
I ordered these sleeves for my son who has bigger arms and so although they seem to be good quality they are way too tight for him. I need to return them unfortunately.
I am always having trouble with closing the umbrella. It does not shut easily at all. Otherwise I do like it, especially the design.
I don't know - for some reason I was disappointed in this product. It was as advertised but the pictures are so small and not put into a work out routine - seems scattered. Would have returned them but repackaging them would have been a pain.
The nose bridge attaches to the goggles at a flimsy piece of plastic. My Goggles lasted a month. Update: The company sent me a new pair for free. So I appreciate the customer service. I've increased the number of stars in that regard. However if you need a sturdy pair I recommend seeking elsewhere.
I like the idea of the minimalist design which is why I give this product 3 stars. But it has a freaking death grip on my pants and belt when I use it and it is extremely difficult to remove. My second concern is on the retention of the pistol It slides out way too easily and have found now way to adjust this
It works for about 2 minutes, then quits. It's not what I expected.
needs bigger waistband
I need to come back and update this review next riding season. The stuff goes on and seems to streak my visor. You need to do a bit of rubbing and wiping to get it clear again. No telling how much effectiveness is left by then.
The foot rest is too small and uncomfortable.
I bought four of these lights one burned out after about four or five months. Will wait to see if anymore problems. Otherwise they look good. Use them in an RV.
Super cute but need plyers to close them more. Out of the batch I am able to wear two pairs nicely
Would get 5 stars if it came with all three straws. I only received 1.
could be made a little better
Our table was missing some parts. Took two people to assemble. Ok toy for the price.
The top band of the sock is tighter then the compression in the same area. No compression in the toes. The compression in the foot is good feels 30. The compression in the calf feels 20.
Nice bolt but the barbs are just a wrapped wire and bent, but when the head screws on the barb is thicker on one side cause the double layers of the wire on one side to cock the head over. Im not sure if that affects flight with this heavy weight bolt.Also hard to align the small barbs with the big barb on the head. Sure look nice though.
I'm having to return these due to the earbud coming apart. I use these to listen to music at work. Now I'll have to go without being able to listen to music until a new pair arrives. I'm not too happy. I'm giving them another try if they break again I'll return and buy a different pair.
The bottles themselves are great and it's nice to have the neoprene sleeves for them. However, the tops/lids pose a safety issue. At least 4 in the set of 12 had metal splinters and burrs on the tops. As you can see in the attached photos, I cut my fingers twice just unscrewing the lids. My husband, unfortunately, removed the splinters that stuck out from the lids before I could get a photo. However, more have burrs and you can see the potential for further splinters on the two photos of the lids themselves. Other than that, a good environmental alternative.
I buy two for my kids, one lip was broken after received. I can't fix and one of my kid so sad, the other one lip also loose, but since my daughter love the colors, hopefully the lip can stay and work longer.
Extremely strong chemical (insecticide?) smell upon arrival. Made the whole house smell. Washed it and hung it on line to dry and I could smell it 30 feet away. Have washed it two more times and while the smell is decreased, I still can't stand the smell. Contacted seller and they are going to send me a detergent to try. They also offered to take it back. While the price seemed good, it won't be if it has ruined my washing machine as others mentioned. I wanted it for my cat to sleep on but may have to send it back. My guess is any blanket like this made in India will have been treated with insecticide to allow it to be imported to USA.
Cant say I would ever buy these again.
I like to travel with a yellow umbrella, so my family can easily find me, should we part ways. I was happy with this purchase until its third use, when the protective tip of a spoke came off, converting the umbrella into a weapon in a crowd. Without the protective tip on the spoke, the fabric on that spoke is no longer held in place. This umbrella is a bit heavier than my other umbrellas of comparable size when opened, but not a deal killer.
Don't buy this if you're planning on using it in a quite setting. I know it's a sports bottle but there should really be a disclaimer. The sounds are while drinking and when the bottle expands. I've gotten multiple looks and a verbal complaint while using this bottle in class. When being active this bottle is great.
Ok but I wish the handle was higher
Really awesome umbrella until it flew away from me at the beach!! I never found all of the stakes and now I'm afraid to even use it again! One lady with the same one told me that you should keep the windows unzipped for air flow to keep that from happening. Would have been nice to know before! I guess I'll research and buy some heavy duty beach stakes for it since it's too late to return. It is a nice tent to keep the coolers out of the sun though.
Definitely not "wide" as stated and within a month, the arm of the chair has ripped with only being used a handful of times! I either want a new one or my money back!!
Good product, rude staff
I use this for hiking and open water swimming in mountain lakes. The product is well built. It is fairly heavy material. It is very important to have it fully inflated or it drags when you swim. That is why I am giving it three stars.
When my feet started hurting during work outs, I researched which shoes would help the most and this pair kept popping up in all the journals I was reading ...so I tried them out. They helped with the pain I was experiencing at the bottom of my feet but now I have a new issue with a blister like wound that won't heal due to the way the back of the shoe rubs against the back of my heel. Also the rubber on the bottom of the shoe looks like it is shredding ... I would not have expected either of these issues after just a couple of weeks. I would not recommend this product at this quality, at this price.
It's OK but it's not the best
Pocket is too small, my cellphone is not too large and it's difficult to put it on. The bottle size is great
In theory this thing is a great idea. In practice its blinding and disorienting when trying to shoot and the glare catches your eye. Mine is mounted as high as it can go on a Mega Slam 72. I may try playing with the lights by adding a diffuser or possibly different wattage bulbs.
I bought these for my daughters but they are grossly inaccurate. The app logged them as sleeping while they were running around with the watches on. The fact that they can't use them without it invading my phone is not good either. I sent them back. I gave them an extra star because their customer service is excellent.
Would be nice to have some kind of knee padding i use it for work
I like that they honor the extended warranty and are very easy to contact by phone.
Decent size bag, seems to be very durable. I don't think the dividers inside the bag are very helpful but overall really good product for the price.
Like the title states, the glasses do a good job of staying on my face and protecting my eyes, but the little connecter that connects the glasses arm to the band comes undone ALL the time. I am constantly having to stop and re-click it in place. Half the time I just take the risk and remove the band completely so it stops falling down while I play.
Love the look and have received lots of complements but the pin keeping the band intact keeps coming off with the slightest touch to the watch. I am concerned that I am going to loose the watch one of these days.
I wouldn't call this a normal full sized adult mask. Too small and my head is normal sized.
Got it used it maybe 4 times
The sleeves on this are bizarrely long. Never seen anything like it. I am 6'1 and I got a medium, which is very tight on me, but the sleeves literally extend out past the tips of my middle finger. You can pull it down to the wrist and it will stick because of the material of course, but it looks funny as it is all bunched up.
Bought as an extra set for work and when they came they were a bit rusty. Cleaned up easy enough but was a bit disappointed that they required it at all.
I have a stress fracture in my foot. I ordered this boot via the direction of my doctor. Is was very bulky on me and made me right side 2 inches taller than my left. Very uncomfortable. I also found it very difficult to take the boot off and put on. Which makes getting in and out of the car equally difficult I also found it very difficult to take the boot off and put on. Which makes getting in and out of the car equally as difficult. I was hoping that I could rave about this but like everybody else did but it just wasn't for me. I went for a compression sock instead
I bought two pairs of these for porch swings. Three of the four had bolts that were a little too long, preventing me from using 1/2" hardware without driving the bolt in crooked. I put 1/2" hardware on the bolt side and 3/8" hardware on the nut side. I guess I could have ground off the end of the bolt, but decided 3/8" hardware would handle the weight. Each pair has on noisy one and one quiet one, so I can always tell from inside the house that they are in use - and I have 8" thick walls...
What can I say, it cue chalk and it works.
Works great I didn't realize the writing would be so small
When jogging, it's just an odd accessory to have. Extremely helpful when doing 10+ miles at once, but it'll get people to turn their heads at you (in a bad way).
To small of a cap doesn't look right on my head needs to be a little wider.
The band looks good but feels stiff and not enough strap for bigger wrist. I think I have an average size wrist but this strap fits a bit snug
Very tight, hard to get on over my long hair, to tight had to take it off
It's easy to figure out. Just 1 big downfall is you cant for at the SD card through the camera itself. I really do not like that.
I like that it fits nice on my hips, but I HATE how the zipper is. The only thing stopping it is this tiny piece of string, and the smaller supposed pocket, isnt a pocket at all....its one big huge pocket. So anything you put in the small side slides eventually to the big side. Waste. I'll keep it and sew a seam all the across it, only cuz I just learned how but I'd never recommend this item.
I'm a beginner so I don't have much to compare it to, but it seems like a decent paddle. I've only used it about half a dozen times, but I have noticed some of the blue paint chipping on the upper edge of the paddle.
I liked the idea originally having my gallon water ready for the day However after getting it I Realized how big it was and it was hard to drink out of. Not only that but the water is warm and not cool if your planning to drink it through out the day be sure to keep it in the fridge. I rarely use it.
I really like this pouch, and it is of a high quality. I can only give it 3 stars however because it does not fold like it is advertised.
Comfortable glove for a reasonable price. Fits snug, buy larger than you think you need.
nice but hard to keep sized
No leg pockets. Only pocket is on the belly.
Did not stick to selected areas. Tended to curl up. Also, not as durable as other brands I've used.
I liked it but it's to big I bought a size medium I need the small
Lasted a year or so. Plastic catch broke on one side and required getting another band.
I just put 100 of these up to mark a difficult trail that our fire department needs to rescue people from at night. They were difficult to work with because the little round reflective stickers were not very well centered on the tacks and tended to catch on each other. Also, I notice the brown does not actually blend in all that well after all! I guess I should have tried them in the dark before using them all - I can't rate their night-time visibility.
Some of the reviewers stated that it didn't have an overwhelming stevia taste. I have to disagree. I purchased these because of many stating the flavors were balanced with the sweetener. However, to get any fullness of flavor, eg with the berries, I had to put so much in that stevia hit me in the palate. I so wanted to like these. But if I get through this package, I won't purchase again.
I originally ordered these in the charcoal which I love. So I came back and ordered this in blue. Although it fits the same, and I enjoy wearing them, they are made of a thicker feeling material then the charcoal ones. Hard to describe but the grey feels midweight, the blue feels heavy weight. (1 star removed, different type material thickness) 2nd star removed for bleeding. They BLEED TERRIBLY (blue) when you wash them. I washed them by hand the first time, to get out any dye, then sink was pure blue water. Next time I washed them in the washer with my other activewear type clothing and they bled again out onto some of my shirts. Thinking the extra ink surely was gone by now, I washed them again a 3rd time (this time with old camp towels just in case) and they bled AGAIN out onto everything. I love the charcoal and it does not bleed, but can't recommend the blue unless you plan on hand washing them every single time.
Haven't used it yet. But it didn't come with the 12 volt battery as stated and the remote is not programmable.
Great lenses, they got really well around the eyes with no leaking and no fogging. But, the strap that has the split, where one piece goes on the top of the head and the other below, is way too tight and doesn't stretch well around the head. The result is the strap constantly slipping down the head.
Maybe it's just me, but these things are HUGE
Packaging is pretty horrible, plastic cracked and cut my hand trying to get it open
I like the looks of it. It's very flimsy, and I wish it has a front or side pouch
Runs very small. I'm usually an XS or S women's sizes, and the S in this was too small.
This band works for about 2 months, but then starts rubbing on my wrist and causing a red patch of skin to start itching and swelling. If you are looking for something comfortable, this is not it.
This is a comfortable ankle support that fits easily into sneakers. The only issue is it is difficult to get off. Maybe if the bottom stirrup was velcro as well it wouldn't be such a problem.
Works well, but the inner liner started to tear after a few wears.
It is okay, but it's not exactly what I should have ordered.
Okay card but does not look or fill waterproof. More like cardboard with laminate sticker. Durability of card not great.
Not as beefy as I thought it would be.
Rope is a little softer than I am use to, but it works.
Upon arrival these were covered in an oily substance requiring heavy cleaning. Worked as expected after cleaning.
Seems great one. Easy to assemble. My kid loves it. But it's too pricey.
I am not able to give a review. I did not order what I thought would work on my Power Rack. I may have to improvise, and see how it works. But I was not able to attach it to the rack.
I received this product today, 24 August 2018 and it had an expiration date of October 2018 on the box. There's absolutely no way I'll finish this product in 30 days. I'm requesting a new box to be sent to me, as I ordered this product to be used from now through November. I will use the product for the first time tomorrow morning on a 11 miles run, then I'll be able to comment on the effectiveness, and will update comments.
I maybe used the product for 2 months and a hole ripped right in the middle of the fabric. Wasn't even the seam so its pretty much useless now.
It gives good protection for the eyes and dirt and stuff but it's for little kids and they put their fingers on it all the time and it stays dirty LOL
These pads are comfortable, but tear easily. My daughter used them a couple times for volleyball, but after sliding a couple times, they rip and the padding becomes decompressed.
Run small and tight. Ordered a large and it is not large!
The second time I used this, the elastic holder came off the belt that was holding my keys so that is a disappointment. I do not like to place my keys inside and I have only 2 keys on this chain. The bottles are nice and hold well in the holders while running. I like that the spout opens easily but a little too easy. If you bump them they open up and you lose water. I like the size of the pouch for my phone and items. I bought this to replace my old one which is similar but a little smaller. I plan to check about returning this as after only one use I should not have items breaking off the belt.
You get what you pay for overall it does what it is suppose to do but cheaply made have to be careful with it
Doesn't work by itself, manual only
Way more ORANGE than picture led me to believe
Broke both feet and needed these during recovery. The seams are very thick and extremely uncomfortable under the heel to stand on. The seams are thick on sides as well, leaving you with unlacing shoes to make a wide width so they fit.
Not my favorite knife. It's heavy.
Love the sleeves, but they are way too small!! How do you find larger ones?? I am not that big so how in the heck could a larger person use them??
These were fat socks but not comfortable!
the metal would not go in
I just needed a cheap, small umbrella I could stow in my backpack so I will never be caught in the rain unprepared (curly hair problems...). It is the perfect compact size, but it's incredibly cheap. The first time I used it, the weather was particularly windy and it immediately flipped the umbrella inside-out. I was able to flip it without damage. Also, the bottom knob part at the end of the umbrella shaft came off, but I was able to reattach and will probably glue it for reinforcement. Overall, it's fine for emergency, unforeseen rain showers. But it is not an everyday umbrella.
I live in the Caribbean and I ordered this product to product my locs from the salt. Unfortunately it kept slipping off everything I sweat. My hair is long however, I probably needed a bigger size. I would recommend to people with mid length or shorter hair.
The glove is made well except the padding is very thin and the lace is horrible
Several V Brackets split open during installation, more during jumping. Not welded like my original and only half as thick. Kids say it doesn't bounce as easily or high. Gave three stars because customer service was responsive and issued refund
Tracker works fine, but there were no instructions showing how to access all the data it is tracking. Typical of stuff from China.
Seriously I am shocked by the weight. A mount does not need to be so heavy and beefy.
For the price.... it is a counter that works most of the time. Purchased for counting Physical Therapy (PT) reps and noticed the counter did not always advance. I made sure to push the advanced leaver/button as consistently as possible, but still 1-2 reps per 30 did not advance. Again for the price and the fact that 1-2 extra reps were ok... I would probably purchase it again for PT uses.
Hard to get the buckle thru belt loops. Had to remove the buckle to feed the belt.
So if you are like me, and can't afford an Apple or Samsung watch, but want something that does it's job...this isn't it. I've gone through about 3 or 4 fitness trackers now. I will say this one is the "best" otherwise. As far as the Sleep and blood pressure and heart rates it seems fine.But the steps calculating, is WAY OFF! So..that said, I don't wear it often. Mostly at night to keep track of my sleeping. I say save your $$$, and purchase something name brand or higher quality. I will next time for sure!
I ordered a size too big, but feel like if I ordered the right size they would have been great! I will re-order one size smaller and truly feel I will give 5 stars when they come.
The punching bag stand is great and I have no issues with that. I rated 3 stars because in transit at some point the box was dropped and damaged. Upon assembly, I noticed the speed bad mount was cracked all the way through. This was a gift that now I have to find replacement parts for. Not happy
It is good at keeping products cold, don't' get me wrong. However the seal is sometimes a problem, i have found that you have to keep the handle on it to get it to seal.
Very cool backpack. Only problem was handle came all scuffed up like someone had dragged it on cement for 4 miles. That said, my teen son and I felt it was too bulky to return. It was a Christmas gift. It wasn't so bad that the handle wouldn't work and given he is using it for baseball we kept it. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars. Like how it's a back pack and has roller wheels.
Love this band except for one fatal flaw. There isn't no band to slide the excess into. Like you put on the band and you put it on your wrist and then there's just a few inches of awkward band left over. What are we supposed to do with it? So I just cut mine off which makes it inconvenient to take off and on. Love this band otherwise but will not purchase any more because of this flaw.
Solid quality but I wish the hook was perpendicular to the belt making it easyier to snap a keyring on.
Pot metal. Breaks easily. Looks cool.
Pretty flimsy design, but about as expected for price.
The color of the braid comes off and all over your hands
Somewhat small. I should order a larger size next time
I had this band just about 2 months and the little piece that holds down the strap broke. I just feel like this should have lasted a little longer than 2 months.
I didn't see this item description carefully. Just ordered by one clicked. I need for 6 shots and this one is made for 5. I reordered the correct size. By the way, u got the right size, u r in good assistant .
Good fit and appreciate shorter inseam length. Nice fabric, but small hole on second wearing. I have not even washed them yet.
I use these waders to keep dry from the rain storms and water where walking or landing a fish. The rocks along the ocean jetty with barnacles, I believe will cut through the lightweight waders pretty easy.
These clamps are only good for a few months. They seem to have lost their grip and don't hold the weights on tight anymore. I guess you get what you pay for.
Sights feel quality adjustments are easy. I'm giving 3 stars only because the rear sight button is not operating easily. I have applied some oil and have been working it with the hope to loosen it some. The front sight is perfect.
It was ok, quickly lost its shape though. I think if care was taken it would keep its shape better, I didn't and it looks like a hill billy hat now.
This thing is to flimsy
Unfortunately, they did not fit as posted. I had to modify my cart to make it work. I didn't want to lose the time it took to send them back for the correct ones.
They are way bigger than the usual large and packaging says "mens" which is not even an option when ordering.
For the price the clarity is lacking.
I really like the look of the band. It also has openings in the band to let air in so that your wrist doesn't get sweaty when working out. The only issue that I have is that I have sensitive skin and the tab with the plated gold broke out my skin. The band would have been great just that miner issue. I just covered it with a piece of tape as it it will not be seen due to the tab facing the skin
Box damaged and missing a part that holds up the stand
This quiver is very heavy! I hunt with the quiver off so not a huge deal. BUT the locking mechanism is plastic, so I think after a season of locking and unlocking, the mechanism will wear down and start to rattle. Clearance adjustment is nice. For now 3 stars, will revisit after a season of use
For the price they are ok but these are not really workout or yoga leggings. They are tights and you can feel they are made of the material tights are made from. They can probably be used for light workouts but all portions of the material that are not raised/puckered are see through. The raised/puckered portions are not see through so at least it doesn't show underwear or your entire behind or anything. They do look pretty good on but I have pretty decent muscle tone so I don't need much shaping or lifting. The texture hides any hint of cellulite if you have any. But they advertise tummy control and lifting, that's a lie because they are tights so they have zero control or lift. Glad I got a dark color, might wear them occasionally but tights material snags easily we'll see how they hold up. Probably won't purchase any more I'll keep looking for better.
My son loves his chair but this is the 3rd ball in the last year or so that we have replaced. Purchased again because he loved it but quality could be better. One ball leaked air out and the other 2 have exploded. He is 9 and only weighs about 80 lbs
had to return as it didn't fit my gun
Just don't know how I feel about it
Definitely cheap and became very wobbly just after a few tricks but for the price it definitely works as a practice item to see if you actually want to save up the big bucks for a real one.
It doesn't fit my wrists but I may have abnormally small ones. It's super cute but maybe a smaller size in the future??
It's ok, but I don't trust it's accuracy on any stat, especially sleep and HR.
Works OK. Make sure you loctite the set screws of they will back out. The screws will dig into your rail. Be aware of it if you are worried about it. None of my rifles are safe queens, but I am not real hot on a cheap part that damages a $200+ rail system. This worked to test s setup. Into the parts bin it will go. A higher quality part has replaced it.
Overall the bench seems pretty sturdy and looks aesthetically good but I haven't used it much yet. The instruction manual is printed in VERY light ink, which makes it frustrating to follow and build. Some of the instructions are just flat out incorrect. It should not have taken me hours to put this bench together. Other than that, I did a few side bends and reverse crunches and I felt very stable and safe.
Started out working very well. After 2 months it stop charging and it wouldn't come on
When I bought this, touch screen compatibility was one of the main decision factors. Unfortunately, that's the only thing these gloves don't do. It is a shame because they are quite well made but I was never able to use any device with a touch screen while wearing them.
I picked up this ring for my fiancee, she works with electronics and a metal band is a no-go. She didn't even wear it a whole day, very sweaty and uncomfortable.
I like the cushion and that I don't have to scuff on the carpet while working out but it does not stay together. I don't want to tape it because I will be moving soon and I don't know how well the tape will come off. It's pretty irritating that it doesn't stay together well at all.
Quality seemed decent, but the interior was damp on arrival and had a slight odor. I'm guessing I just got a bad one, but I returned it rather than exchanging.
Okay, so here's the deal: It's small. I'm a small person, so this is fine for me, but if you're an actual adult-sized adult, you'll probably find this too short and too narrow. It might feel like it's not sturdy enough. I think it's fine, but again, I'm pretty small. Also, it SAYS it measures distance in metric — but it doesn't. I have a year's worth of recorded walks and runs both indoors on a high end gym treadmill and outdoors on various surfaces. My slowest walk in a year of daily walks is 3 mph - meaning I walk a mile in 20 minutes. This says I walked 1 km in 20 minutes, or just over a half mile. No way. The speed works similarly. The 5 kph setting is way too fast to be only about 3 mph, and when I tested it, I took far more steps than I do in a typical mile. Bottom line: This says it measures in metric, but my bets are it doesn't. Good for the price. I only use it when I can't get outside or to a gym, and it works fine for that.
Is ok. And taking breaths to pump
The lid came off during shipping and when you take the plastic off the box, the beads go everywhere. What a mess. I'd suggest open it on a deep cookie sheet or in the bath tub. I lost about 1/5 of the beads. Hopefully it still works in my safe.
Was disappointed in both the eye relief and mounting of this optic. Seem very difficult to get a good solid attachment of it and the eye relief was poor.
fits great but wears out fast - price = material used (not for every day use)
Looks to be made out of good material haven't used it yet
A lot of shake when the ball hits the backboard. If my 9 year old sticks with b-ball, I'll eventually have to go in-ground.
I have worn them 3 or 4 times at night while I slept and there is a hole at the top of the at the elastic band. There is also a hole starting on the inside of the ankle. They do help relieve some of the pain when I get up in the morning.
Its ok not really leather
I received a pair of lg/xlg and I wear a small.
Great product all but the fact that regardless of how loose or tight I set the admit chewed into the back of my knee. Better if standing but still painful. I even put a compression stocking under it and no help.
This unit has a very limited distance maybe 75 yards of reasonably clear image The zoom is a joke Don't waste your money
When you run and start to sweat these glasses steam up. It's pretty inconvenient when running. They sit so close to my face that I have to pull them away to air out. Just not what I expected from athletic sunglasses. Cool color though!
There are two thick slices in the neoprene down to the metal on one of the dumbbells. Both on the same head but one around the corner from the other. Its a bummer that we paid full price for a damaged item especially considering the packaging and bubble wrap was intact indicating it was shipped from Amazon damaged. We will keep them because of the pain of returning and my wife wants them immediately. Certainly can't argue with the wife....
These did not work well for my plantar fasciitis. However, I tried multiple compression socks, none of them worked well for me. They seemed to increase my pain, not ameliorate it. So I am pursuing other options.
No instructions and the shoulder pads don't really attach to the vest. Kind of not clear how to use them correctly. Would also be nice to have labels on the weights so you can see how much they weight.
I'm 5'9'' 180lbs. I bought the large. 36in waist it fits everything great except the feet. Size 10 shoe and the stocking make it look like I have clown shoes on
Love it, looks great on my white hydro but I left it in the sun at the park for no more than two hours and it faded to a lighter pink.. :/ overall good durability and usage!!
Feels nice on the skin. However, the fabric is a little too thin to my liking.
Not as pretty as the picture, pulls the mat, and isn't super slip resistant.
Red dot is ok. Laser shuts off with each shot. Turns right back on, but rather annoying.
These are decent quality, but rather thin compared to another set I purchased in a golf shop. The numbers are embroidered on, so they are not interchangeable as described.
3rd review: After many, many months of using this product, I have to revise my rating from 5 stars to 3 stars. The lid cap and gasket tends to mold easily. Although you can take the gasket out to clean it, the lid has too many nooks and crannies that are too small to properly clean. Given how hard it is to clean, I don't think this bottle is worth the high price. I threw mine away and moved on to a more convenient bottle. The concept of this bottle is great, but the execution of the lid leaves much to be desired. Revised review: I originally gave this product a low rating (see original review below). The company reached out to me and was very helpful. Turns out you can use a dull object, like a fork, to pop the silicone gasket out, which then makes the gasket and the lid easier to clean. Thus, I revised my rating from 1 star to 5 stars. Original review: I've had this bottle for more than 6 months now. The lid has your standard silicone ring deep inside it. I stored Gatorade in the bottle and the lid ring molded. The cap is simply too small to clean - I tried using small toothbrushes and other small brushes, but nothing can clean the mold out. The design is nice, but it holds less liquid than advertised. Overall, not worth the steep price due to all the issues I've been having.
All the bands have the same "weight". I ended up having to use all the bands at once to feel any resistance from them. This product is not for me, as I am trying to train and build muscle and not just casually exercise. This would be good for someone that is not looking for intense exercise.
the bolt to the base is weak material. Please be VERY careful when tightening it in. I broke one of them and had to pull a spare bolt from another ring. Overall alignment of the top half of the cap is "ok". Does not sit flush with the bottom. Its a little off set. If they use a stronger bolt, I'd buy again. Would recommend trying another brand.
Cover fits well, however..... after a few uses, the small metal pin came out, allowing the spring to snap closed. I can move the spring and pin back into place, but I need to do this every one to two times at the range.
Update: The car would run erratically or not at all, finally I cut off the adapters and used an existing LiPo battery that I had purchase for a different car, and there was the difference. The battery that came with the car was either very old or very defective. Not going to lie the car itself was bad ass after that but it left a bad taste in my mouth, otherwise 4 star minimum
Does what I need it to.
the band itself is nice. but the app sucks, especially if you work/sleep odd hours. i usually go to bed around 9am and wake up around 4pm. the app doesn't collect any data, it just says that i haven't slept in days, then notifies me while im asleep that i should probably get some sleep.
I used this for outdoor workouts. Was easy to assemble, but is a little unstable. I had to anchor it into our deck to prevent from falling over.
They are a nice weight and the color is pretty, but the d12 is a bit uneven and the d8 shipped with a small chip. I do wish that they did have the turquoise marbling as shown on the photo.
The strap continues to slide so while I am working out the hat loosens. It's very annoying so I do not gravitate towards this hat often. :(
Didn't fit my fill caps.
Product did not come shipped as pictured
Thanks a lot amazon. This was my husbands Xmas gift... well can't hide what it is now... maybe around the holidays box it?
These are comfortable socks but they do not wick moisture very well when running.
A very nice glove they just don't last long
They are very long or maybe I have short legs. I'm 5-11 and they sit high on the thigh. Too high and the supporters droops down. Also be sure to wash before use. It was itchy.
I like it, but has a terrible squeak that is driving me crazy and very wobbly. Other than that, works fine.
Great pants all around however I wish the smaller the waist goes the pant length did not get shorter. My son is very slim and the large are way to big and bunch up at waist but the length was perfect. I ordered a medium hoping the waist would just be smaller but no the pant length was as well and he was constantly pulling them down.
Very poor quality and shorter straps than the original
Great but over priced
They look fine, but I just opened them and I am missing the X-Light band as well as the carrying bag for them. Haven't had a chance to use them yet. EDIT: Upon review, it looks like I was sent a 4 piece set rather than the 5 piece. If you look at the stars, mine only have 4 stars, whereas the other photos show 5 stars. So it wasn't simply missing the X-Light, it looks like I was sent the wrong item. EDIT 2: They sent me a replacement when I told them I just wanted the same set I ordered, and it's the same as the first order I got. Looks like they updated the product to reflect that it's only a 4 piece set now, with no carrying bag. Lame.
it wasn't as big as it looks.
Well, after waiting a additional 4 days for amazon to actually get me the thing... I really like the construction. I think it will be helpful in rehabilitating my knee. Unfortunately the sizing chart in amazon and the chart on the actual brace are different. I ordered a 2xl when I probably needed a xl. I can't send it back as I really need it at the moment. I'm sure it will be fine, I just feel it could be a little more snug. I am at the limit for the straps on top and bottom.
Great smelling salts, only problem is the bottles. When I got them, they were leaking and the cap doesn't squeeze completely when using. So I've had ammonia on my hands a whole lot which sucks because of my calluses and cuts. Other than that, these things are powerful as hell def recommend for that. But now I'm down to 1 really strong bottle, 1 completely useless, and 1 not as strong since the leaking.
Controls not the easiest to use, gel pads don't stick the best .. Was a ok buy
Just okay. The glove is not broken in at all and the leather feels a bit hard and plasticky. It's been a few months and it is still not broken in. Part of the reason for this is that it is so hard for my boy to open and close that he has kept using his old one. I'd get another kind next time. In fact we may just buy a new one and donate this one to charity, except that I don't want to inflict the frustration on another kid! :)
The belt buckle was extremely small, maybe this item was for a child?
looks good in flight and performs well - just a little difficult to connect the rods encapsulated in the kite wings.
Good fit & finish. Works as it's supposed to. Just way over priced.
Tight fit for my 10 year old with smaller than average head
It was ok, nothing to shout about.
The clip was difficult to take on and off so eventually the holder part ripped. Lasted a month or so though.
This bottle was perfect at first until I used it a few times. Within 3 1/2 weeks of use the price of rubber at the rim of the lid fell out so now the bottle leaks. I tried to fix it and put it back in the lids groove but it keeps falling out into my drink. I haven't used it more than 10 times unfortunately. So this kinda sucks.
These hands wraps do what they're designed to do. The fabric is soft and flexible/stretchy.
I got three of these bands and they work well, but the color is starting to fade on one of them - the charcoal color. I haven't used the black one as much so hard to tell it's color durability. The silver has not had any issues. I like the strong magnet clasp and the fact that it does not leave a gap on top or bottom.
My the adidas sign rubbed off of my slides with in the 3rd time wearing them
How do you get the crawfish out seriously!! Other than that I recommend this product, we Caught 40 of them in our ditch.
I like the durability. I dislike that fact that it say for 42mm and it actually fits the 38mm. Therefore the one sent me was to small
not great but decent enough for my uses. compared to the other speedos that pinched my nose they are 5 stars.
Smaller than expected but does a good job for the price I paid. Lots of storage for leader and line spools and smaller plastic lure containers.
Even after reading reviews and fitting chart, a bit large.
I went according the measurement chart and the Sauna suit didn't fit in the middle of the thigh area. When I put it on I had to struggle to pull them over my thighs. The bust and hip measurements were a perfect match. It was only trying to pull the Sauna suit over the middle of my thigh area and I purchased a XL. Size 2XL would have been too big in the chest and hip area. I am 5'5 inches tall and I weigh 160. Also, I didn't like the way the material felt. The blue sauna suit was nice.
Beautiful brace that appears to be top of the line. However, the sizes posted by the company are not beneficial. Ordered a large, that should have fit my shoe size according to their chart, and it was not even close. Not sure an XL would have fit my size 11 foot. Had to send it back.
Great for the heel and ankle, not so much the foot. For some reason the gel doesn't retain heat for long on the foot portion.
you need to be 5'10 and somewhat slender for this to fit just right.I wont be wearing a whole lot under this for it not to feel tight.It's too bad everything is made now a days to be standard fit
One of the whistle didn't work
Seems a little fragile. Like one good strike with a hammer would break it open. Other than that it's good protection from curious hands.
cheap - hard to get snug
Bought it as a gift and my father thought it was too small for a tennis bag :(
Hard to remove link the device that removes the link broke so I can't make it smaller so it's looser than I like love the band I would love a replacement for the kit that removes the links
not as good as the real thing
If you are visually challenged this is a good watch to use. It looks nice, for what it is, and does work best for telling the time. I didn't care for the connectivity or info available on the app.
Wonderful product it's very durable and accurate. I've change over to these from using rage for the last 4 years. But now I am going back to rage. The ocd broad heads just don't leave a decent blood trail even with a complete pass through on a double lung shot
Received the band just four days ago and have really been impressed with the look and comfort. However, after just four days I noticed a split starting on one of the holes that the post inserts into. So far so good, but concerned about the possibility of losing my Fitbit.
cool looking. kids often have the straps pop off and have to have me reattach.
it needs a mount for an ar15 for the barrel mounts with it are to large
i'm skinny and this didn't fitted tight enough for me like my other ones
kind of a pain to lock it back, because you have to have the key in the lock and have it turned in order for the piece at the top to slide in the hole.
I love the coloration of these. It is way more adult than the pokemon gotcha default bracelet. But the material seems to be weaker. The device in the pokemon gotcha is a repurposed fitness device just with a different os. These bracelets get a little weak after many uses and the tracker/gotcha can pop out if you aren't careful. But they do look better at work than the kiddie colored bracelet. These are pretty cheap though, so when they wear out, I'll just throw them away.
LITTLE SMALL IN SIZE
Thin vinyl feel to the ball, not quality I was expecting, but reasonable for the cost. Colors are bright and rich.
My other Nike Visors have a plastic piece you put the strap through in the pack which helps it hold better. This does not have that, so it isn't my favorite, and I wouldn't buy again.
I wish they were softer. Price to quality is high.
It looks great but water smells bad. Cannot use. Tried to wash several times. I will like refund.
I love the look of this band but the finish scratched off pretty quickly. But you get what you pay for.
When my daughter opened the necklace the chain was broken, it was very flimsy
The scope came and it was missing the cleaning cloth and scope covers. Scope was packed nicely and had no damage. 3 stars
I absolutely love the double holster. HOWEVER, I have only had it for about a month and the seem started to tear already :(. Very disappointing.
Table was broken as soon as it came. Husband had to fix it before I could even sit on it.
My original Fitbit band on my Alta broke so I purchased this band as a replacement. I like the material and look very much.
got it for my grandson to protect him as much as you can in soccer! i know they do the job intended. our family comes from a long line of soccer players, and it is a must have. my grandson is still deciding if its his sport?
Thought I'd give these a try based on good looks and price-point. They are very grippy as advertised. Compared to the many other gloves I've worn, these are far from ideal. The small is still too large and with the slightest bit of sweat my hands slip around inside the glove. they don't seem to absorb the sweat at all. However, my biggest issue is that the primary material (the red cloth in the fingers and back of the glove) sticks to Velcro. Plenty of my other gear has Velcro (safety pads, shorts, etc.), so these gloves are sticking to my other gear and after just two rides are frayed and fuzzy from me pulling them off Velcro patches.
Great for the price if ur not looking for a particular color. Packaging could of been better. They were folded and squished in the envelope. Also qty of each color seems inconsistent.
Too warm, thought they would be cooler on my hot feet
These things look and feel very cheaply made. The leather is lumpy and seems to be applied poorly. The plastic-y feel is uncomfortable on the wrist.
I love the look of the band. I got retro brown. It looks nice, fits well and is nice quality. I would absolutely love it, but where it connects to the fitbit is not snug so when it vibrates, there is a horrible rattle sound. I will still use it, but I will search for a replacement that connects better. For the price, though, it is well worth getting rid of the rubber band that comes with it.
I cannot shorten the cord as the description stated.
Hard to seal after inflating & doesn't hold air well.
Hard to read the mark but still a fun time. Cards are more difficult to shuffle than other cards. Still fun for tricks though.
I sent these back as they showed up damaged and leaking sand. I wasn't impressed how they couldn't even handle the UPS guy who obviously dropped them. Stay away.
SUPER SELLER, Item was as described.
in the box there was no cue on the detail there is one that I do thank you
Quality is there but I'm not a large man and the band is a little short making it difficult to get on and off.
This balance board is too easy to use. This is a result lf the gentle arch on the bottom of the board - it's to gentle. The one I use at my Physical Therapist has two balls on the bottom, which makes balancing much more difficult (and fires those muscles you need to recover). By contrast, this one is really easy to balance on, somewhat eliminating it's usefulness. It's well made, and can support a lot of weight, but I think it would only be useful for elderly, or disabled folks.
I like the price! The fit is great and it is comfortable, but was very, very disappointed with the appearance! The colors were not anything as pretty as the as showed. They looked like they were metal, but are cheap looking!
Bought this for a mission trip. To put my bible and a few other things to carry door to door and the straps both broke. I had to retie them.
Overall it will work for my current needs. Shipped very poorly in plastic that held it bent. Crop is now crooked. Looks very cheap. I would have been better off waiting to get one for the same price from the local feed store.
Well it was great until both sides broke! This rope was bought for my 8 year old. She maybe used it once a week and it's already falling apart.
on time and as ordered. Not very happy with the buckle but it is good quality.
Nice doll, looks great, dress too long, and came in a clear bag, and shipping took forever! Needs a better presentation, this was a Christmas gift for my daughter and I had to find a way to wrap it
well constructed but the side flap is too high and distracts the hitter.
Great product. Poor sizing chart online. The one on the box is correct but then I had to return
Handle didn't last very long
Nice overall, but 1 of the bands was defective and did not attach properly. It is not usable. 2/3 were okay, 66% stars.
Good quality construction for the price. The mayor drawback is the short inseam for the average american men. If manufacturer adds 2.5 to 3 in. to the inseam, the product could be highly improved.
Looks good an all came with very poor instructions.
The bean bags started to fall apart after few throws. The boards seem sturdy enough
Great fit but I'm not sure if it will protect my hair from getting we. It doesn't appear to be water proof.
Rating 3 stars because I recieved the wrong size. I ordered large & got small. As you can see, it barely fits my wrist. Not gonna go through the trouble of returning. I got the bundle that has the gold, rose gold & white bands. They are very beautiful & look like good quality.
I had returned this item, but I did not get refund for the past 12 days. When are you going to refund ?
Does the job, but strings snag and unravel every time you wash it and gets tangled in other clothes. I'd hand wash it.
would have been a nice plate but mine came bent. seller stated they would send another but I never received it. Would not buy again from this seller.
It doesn't fit for my face. But i still enjoy the design.
This version was smaller than others I've seen
This is a good knife. However,it is a very long knife. I joked that it is a sword. It is not a useful knife for small fish. It would be great for larger fish. The knife did come out of the box very sharp. In my opinion it is not worth $30 or $40.
Fit is perfect, for gun. Big an bulky tho.
Bigger than expected. Awkward even. Too ... Plastic. Thinner than a gal. of milk. Should at least have some sort of a handle to make up for its awkwardness.
A little too large by but helps when working out
Wish they would get the sleep part if this right because according to this watch/ app....I don't sleep at all
This mat isn't easy to keep clean...it's like it attracts dirt etc.
They are really nice and good material but, I'm not satisfied with this bc I order them brand new and they look like that and I'm sure they will get loses soon bc of the end not tight right. U can see in the pic.
I got two. One leaks and one doesn't.
Flimsy plastic, not sturdy for Boat Tarps. Too loose fitting shaft.
Originally I gave this one star because it did not recover my 6 volt batteries. The seller (without me asking) refunded the entire amount, including shipping. To be fair, these were 6 year old batteries and I was hoping that I didn't have to buy new ones. The customer service is great! Couldn't ask for more. Sorry it didn't work out. I would try it again with the company backing its product this way.
My wife says these are see through, but she likes them and will only wear them around the house.
Little tight on the pump but still a good product in an emergency
It's alright. I bought it for my son as a backpack for school, but I feel it might be a tad too small for a 7th grader. Most disappointing part is that it's more of a red than an orange
Fleece too light weight.
Made the weapon look a lot better way better then stock but the product itself is seriously flawed. The set screw sticks up and interferes with sighting a target. Not sure what I am going to do yet if I keep them or trash them and get a better set.
Description says Mirror Laser. Photos that others have posted were a true mirror look. Mine is reflective so it's shiny but it's not a mirror look that I hoped it to be.
This is a great racket for a beginner. Lightweight and the grip is comfortable. I was very disappointed that the racket doesn't include a case. I would have given it 5 stars if it had a case.
Firstly, the two larger packages arrived super quick. The speed and arrived separately about 3 days later. On to the product; the stand was fairly easy to assemble. I am a 5'1" female and only needed assistance (stabilization) twice. With the heavy bag (yes, someone else lifted it) hooked, the stand seems stable, but I'll but either the weights or anchor before actually using it. BIG NEGATIVES: the gloves aren't what most people would consider boxing gloves; they are more like mitts instead and wraps were completely missing.
Perfect Christmas gift for my sister! She loved them. The bands are very difficult to change!
I like that it is lightweight. It has close resemblance to real handgun . I dont like the clip mechanism. It seems to always want to pop out of the gun and I lose the bbs. And its got little distance range
I'm giving this 3 stars because I like the rose gold. The champagne color is straight up a dirty gold color, not impressed. And the black band I got was definitely someone else's return. The clasp pieces come unattached to the bands so careful when opening. Can't say I will order from them again.
Already ripping after just a few weeks of use.
Cancelled pistol order and never used. Seemed fine.
These are alright. They don't keep me very warm, but they are comfortable. I'm satisfied with the purchase, but probably won't be getting another pair as I was planning.
The handle broke in 3 months
Remote doesnt work the best with the case. Case fists loose and. Kinda floppy with the unit in it. Not the prettiest thing thats for sure. But I guess it did its job
is missing the top, just came from below, came missing
I ordered the longest length for my boots. They are way too short still. Not only that the bungee clip was very hard to put both laces thru. You're better off buying normal laces.
Warm socks for when the weather is cooler. However, after wearing them around the house they have holes in the heel area after only 30 days. Need to reinforce the bottom of the sock especially at the price you charge they should last longer than 30 days.
The cap ripped the first time I used it (I applied the way the directions said to) I really liked the goggles but there were no instructions on how to change the nose piece...come to think of it..there wasn't anything about the product that was included in the packaging..The earplugs also did not fit, but that could just be me
You get what you pay for. They are kind of flimsy, but then again they were super cheap.
It's ok for the price. I'd have ordered the more expensive brand, except I couldn't get it shipped in time.
Not the best fit, mag is too loose. Try adjusting, but screws nut is slipping. Got it to the point where it is somewhat acceptable, but not ideal.
Packaging was very cool. Made for a good looking gift. Product quality not quite as good. My husband has been using these since Christmas. We keep using, but not seeing/smelling much difference.
The rings looked great but I husband said it felt like a rubberband on his finger. I returned them.
The nails sent with the package don't match! Nails are too small for the holes.
The trigger isn't protected by anything. So if it's just sitting in your bag, you could easily bump it and stuff will spray out.
These are not especially sturdy, they would be perfect for kids. They are designed to not inflate completely and they do not, so they are ideal for balancing work. They just seem a bit smaller and thinner than the ones at the studio and gym. The purple and pink colors are vibrant and fun.
I've purchased two pairs of Marika Tummy Control yoga pants in size large - I simply LOVE them! So I was excited to get these capris also in size large. But they were just too tight, I could hardly get them over my thighs. I thought, maybe they'll relax a bit with wearing, or stretch even more. But I don't want to keep them hoping I will like them some day. Returning them now. I decided to keep looking at other brands.
It's a good case but because of the material it's made from everything clings to it. (Lint, pet hair, dust)
The packing box was broken while arriving,as results,there are two obvious scratches on the top.
I have not received it as yet and it is a present, I hope I get it before Christmas Eve!
My kids would have loved this toy if the air blew a bit stronger. The air was pretty weak so it really didn't make a different weather you played with it with the air on or off. It would cover a coffee table top.
This is what the driver did to my yard today!
A bit disappointed... the only heart monitoring it does is pulse..... the blood pressure isn't very accurate and it doesn't continuously record it... you only get a blood pressure reading when you "ask" for it... there is no tracking for it... THAT was very disappointing.... IMO it costs a lot and was deceptive as far as what it can do.... short of saying it's a rip off... I am very disappointed.
The pocket is good quality but the straps sagged after a few usage!
nice color and quality but way too big for my wrists
Nice stand, good fit, actions are smooth but.... the adhesive on the rubber pads for the barrel is junk. Pads fell off after first install, had to super glue back on.
I fell in love with the wine red band when I saw it online. It looked to more maroon than red in the pictures, which was what I loved so much about it. However, when I received it the band was actually more red than what I was wanting. Even just looking at the photo I took of the band compared to the smaller amazon photo, you can see that there is quite a difference in the true color of the band. Other than the color not being what I was looking for, the fit and feel is fine.
Love the style of the glasses but the blue ones I bought compared to the same exact red, orange fire lense glasses are bigger. Not sure why they are bigger.
If yu trying to get rid of fat belly is not for yu but for work out is good.
Haven't yet installed these yet because they do not seem bright enough. Am contemplating returning or reselling them. I'll do more pre-install testing and eval, then update this review in a couple of days when I make my final decision.
Not the correct hat I ordered. Was bummed because I always go to LIDS and get the same one but this one fits weird. Didn't get to return in time unfortunately.
Don't seem to stay stuck on
Hat does a great job of keeping the rain off. Not very fond of the material construction. Its feels too papery and stiff. Great for an emergency rain cover, not really recommended as an every day sun shade.
No combs on crown so you will need hairpins, other than that beautiful
It is soft and squishy but the color started to crack off quickly
Pretty but sometimes opens inside out. Have to pop the edge to reverse it.
Nice but don't like that it has a mini cutter when you open the buckle because I bought it for my son (4) and that's not safe. Despite all the fun colors, i don't think it's kids safe.
Purchased for tennis team; they don't have a liner, they are see through, disappointed.
don't buy......tore first time put on a pair
a bit too small/restrictive
I really like this bag except the top to open it is to small to put your stuff in. It holds my stuff but I have to turn it sideways to get it in.
These cards are super cool! The one thing that bothers me....I bought a different waterproof set of cards but they were wrapped in plastic. I ended up buying this set also, as I liked the box that was included to hold the cards in. My box was cracked and split to where I can't use it to hold the cards :( It would have been a definite 5 star had the box not came broken.
Does it's job don't get me wrong but it felt like half the can was air lol just felt I only did one break job barely used it and it was gon but it does work
Product arrived fast and in good condition, only problem is that it is smaller than what was advertised. Luckily it still fits okay, but not the size I thought I was ordering.
Not bad for a small assortment of flies for a fast trip, have to make sure there isn't any material protruding outside of the case.
Doesn't sweat much at all and I'm bottom heavy through the thighs so i should've been shedding that excess water
Out of the 3 whistles I received, only 1 whistle actually works and 2 are duds. The price was great, for 3 whistles. . I paid essentially for 1 whistle because I have no use for 2 whistles that don't whistle.
I'm do aerial fitness, so I used Dry Hands to keep my self from sliding off aerial hammocks and pole since I tend to get sweaty hands and limbs. It does the job, but maybe for about 20 minutes.It does not stop me from sweating, just helps cover up the sweat and get me gripped until it wears off again and I end up needing more. The bottle is also pretty small, so I go through it in only a few weeks, which is kind of a bummer. Clearly by the attached photo, it does work to some degree because I haven't fallen off any aerial apparatus to my death yet, but it definitely needs to be re-applied throughout training. Another down side is that it is a visible white. If I rub some on my legs/knee pits, it looks like I haven't lotioned my legs in years and brings the term "ashy" to a whole new level. It especially shows up on photos with the flash on. I would still recommend it for your non-sweaty normal folk. Cheers! ***If you found this review helpful, please click the "Yes" button below! Thank you! ***
Make sure you read and find out the size of the mount- these looked bigger than they were, Too small for mounting on my rifle-
look nice! But it has broken,I want to return
A cheap starter set. Tips bend after a few throws.
It is a pretty good product. If they can fix the poking nose piece, earpiece that is too loose to block water from going inside, then I would have really liked it. I really like the detachable band, good case, and different size nose pieces. It takes an effort to remove the nosepiece and didn't have much instruction, but I fiddled with it until it came off.
Good gloves, they do the trick for the most part. They do have some slip but overall they're good and help protect my hands a little. The piece on the middle finger to pull them off ripped on one glove within the first week.. so kinda poor quality at least on that part.
Thought it would do better.
It is usefull, but extremely expensive. There are other inflatable solar lamps from around $12 that get solar charged rapidly and last longer time.
very nice! great for smaller fish under 22 inches. Any bigger you're going to need a round net. Stores nice and hide away in smaller boat.
It's nice and comfortable, however it slides loose very often :(
Wish there was more variety in the head color but great for a beginner
Only get about 1 season out of the last few I have bought. Works good when working. Easy to use.
Dropped it and it broke
Look and feel a little cheap but haven't used them yet and price was cheap so you get what you pay for. Also, I ordered blue but received red!
Greatest complaint -- not all of the LED Golf Balls work. Out of the six balls, five worked. Because of the cost, one failure significantly increases the cost per ball. If all of the balls worked I would give this product five stars. For the balls that worked, they are bright, hit well, stay lit, and are easy to find.
Sliders are great so far. Yellow band snapped before 1st set of reps was even finished! Bummer.
The rower is fine if you are over 5'10" and have zero medial knee issues. I state this because, I am 5'8" and the foot pedal are too far apart (comparing to the Concept 2) and the pressure on the inside of the knees were too much to bare. Additionally, if the pedals pivot too far forward (towards the toes) and when you push back your feet pop out, regardless of how tight the straps are. Sorry, had to return...
Great case. Too light for me though, & would be nice if came with more than 1 leader. Like 5 would be nice.
There is a reason they are so inexpensive.
I got this seeking it was the perfect fit in it should have been according to what I saw in the description of period what I ended up having to do was clip off the Velcro and double sided sticky tape it set a back farther so that I can fully close up and not blow off of the grill. Once I did that it works great and I love my blackhawks!
It doesn't cover the wheels and tires like our old cover but is probably good enough
Some people were complaining about the hem and they are right. the hem is cut by hand with no care. having said that, this is a cheap shirt to wear under others so I didnt mind. It was not itchy as some people are describing its just not as soft as people want a thermal to be.
It came defective, it would not beep, only vibrate. Otherwise it met my needs wonderfully.
Buy the Bushnell Banner 6-18 instead for $8 more, much clearer and the 18x is so so close to 24x on the tasco. You'll be glad you did I think that this scope could be good for the value but is just suffering from QC issues. At first upon mounting it seemed fine and after getting it zeroed, it was actually keeping zero and doing it fairly well at 100yds on a 223 ar15. However, after maybe 40-50 shots, the turret knobs that are under the Caps BOTH popped off you can seen in the pictures the one that i have yet to try to put back on. This means that unless i could get them both back on and working that the scope is pretty much useless as it cannot be adjusted. If i really wanted to mess with it i believe the set screws in the caps are just very loose but I'm returning this and am much happier now with the Bushnell stated above
Well I have purchased this gold band and some of the rhinestones were missing. Overall it was very nice..
Does not want to keep a zero always farting around with it. There is better for the price
It states,for guns w/lights,well I have a Glock 17 w/Glock light and it does not work,it only works for blackhawk lights that are high price.
Nice glove, didnt come with ball even though description says it does. Also, it's not the glove pictured, just like another review..... a different pattern on the glove than the picture
Insert falls off of rings easily. Do not last. Look cool but don't last long enough to wear.
I have never had a fitness tracker before so I don't have anything to compare it to but I bought mine do to getting a kitty and wanting to know how much sleep I was losing every night, due to my new friend meowing at me at all hours of the night. My fitness tracker doesn't seem to track much of the night. There are many nights that I go into a different bedroom and watch a show or 2 in the middle of the night because I can't fall back to sleep. There are mornings that I spend 30 minutes on Facebook before getting out of bed, then use the restroom, brush my teeth, make my coffee then check my fitness tracker to see what kind of night I had. It shows that I just woke up and have 0 steps (even though I have gone to the restroom, brushed my teeth, went to the kitchen.....). The wake time usually has 16-24 minutes, and to my surprise, even though I moved to a different room and watched several shows during the night, my fitness tracker thinks I should be refreshed with nearly 8 hours sleep that I know I haven't gotten.
Holds my kayaks but much shorter and flimsy than I thought it would be.
Really upset that they all arrived the same color.
These socks offer some good support, but they leave indentations in my skin. Maybe I needed the next size bigger.
The seems began to rip out after the first wash. Not the best quality
I lot of practical functions. Not full tang therefore the handle is light.
It really is what you want in a edc but the locking mechanism got stuck, pried ,bent it , broke it. dammit. If it does stick on you just be careful.
Do not like the wobbly pole
Decent knife. Arrived quickly. Not as substantial a knife as I had hoped.
Nice quality fitting, but I had to be really careful not to loose the spring clip overboard. Then.... my wife tried to put it in, after we dropped the bimini for a low bridge.... I heard "oh sh*t."... that was the spring taking off into the water. So I put the clip on, minus the spring, assuming (hoping) that it would probably stay in place until I could replace the spring. I was wrong... it worked it's way out at some point within an hour. So I've ordered some replacements, with the little cable attachment so I can connect the pin and hopefully not lose any more.
thumb studs very sharp -hard to file them down so my hand doesn't get ripped up, scratched the blade and the black finish on the handle, the lock takes some working in, it engages well now but not completely, that blade is the premium one it will get a lot more hard use and more scratches, very nice design, rubberized handle has a good feel
Actual color is not a bright lime green and pretty like pictured. Its a darker green color that was disappointing. Bought the aqua blue color and really like that one
These socks have a nice feel and good compression, however, like all knee length compression socks that I've tried, the band just below the knee is tight as hell. Compression sock designers, here''s a question for you: what good is a compression sock that improves circulation in the lower leg only to stop the blood flow at the knee?
Not that thrilled with the sizing. Threads are loose fit turning into tool head. Must be made in China now. Will not buy again.
Ordered the 14" x 10" but received the 17" x 11" model so I wasn't able to use in the frame I had ready. Due to this one star is removed. The dry erase surface itself has a high gloss finish with clean lines. Markings came right off after a few games with water and a paper towel. I ended up not using the extra magnet piece it came with (the one you peel and stick to a flat surface) and stuck it to a shallow metal baking pan instead. It's kind of like a giant clip board without the clip. Works great for this purpose. Bottom line is this is a good magnetic scoreboard that erases cleanly. Will purchase again if ever needed.
I think it will be great for the summer and getting dirty bc it can be washed but it would drive me insane if I wore it all day long. Doesn't allow watch to open all the way. Band has some stretch to it which is good!
the safety is very loose
Does not attach to the boat easily. Make sure you do research in the details.
Nice umbrella. Very pretty, but too large !
The handles are extremely thick. I have large hands, can palm a basketball and they're way too thick. I would return them but cannot find 20lb dumbbells like this locally.
When I opened the box the item was out of packing and the batteries were in the crack of the box (making it very easy for them to have fallen out). This is a gift so now I have to figure out a way to package it back up so it doesn't look horrific when I gift it.
I have not used this product much yet since I have only had it for a week, however a review is requested. I am really glad that the socks fit my feet since I did not see any info on the dive of feet the fit. I'm also really glad that it came with everything that was shown to come with the product, the pump gets a little tiring to use but it did the job. As a heads up the ball does not hold air well when you switch from pump to plug so you need to be a little fast when switching the two.
I like the different sized although I would have liked to have to option to buy something with an ever thicker strap than the thinnest one.
small at waistline rest OK
The chalk is chalk, looks like it will match or blend in well with my black table. The main reason I gave it only three stars was because whoever packed this missed the class on packing chalk so it doesn't roll around the freaking box. It looks rough to me on a few pieces but I will live! I did at least get the original box and not a freezer bag...lmao! Will see how it plays later tonight while retaking my crown from my son!
I love the look at style of the band, but the color is way off! It's not any shade of grey, but more of a greenish brown color. Keeping it until I find something better because I like the feel better than the plastic bands, but definitely don't purchase if you're looking for something grey!!
line was terrible knotted up all time last about week ,before had to take off reel
Is what I expected for the price
this is ok for taking to the theme parks with just the entry cards, ID, and maybe a credit card. IT IS SMALL, but works as described; just wish there was another pocket to it.
They have changed the way the window mesh fits and you will not be able to get the mesh tight enough to shoot an arrow thru.
Bought these for muskie fishing to check around the lake and see what people are fishing for, and realized quickly looking through binoculars on a bouncing boat is not an easy task. On land I checked them out and they are not bad for the price.
Holster serves it's purpose.
The hairs are way to fine for me, glass is clear but ill most likely replace it as I cant see it in the woods at all esp when aiming at a squirrel.
Ad says 1 1/2" wide. It's only 1 3/8" wide. That missing 1/8" makes the holster clip fit loosely and flop around. Otherwise seems like a well made belt. Just be aware it's not a full 1 1/2" wide.
Good gloves - But, Do Not Microwave. They burst into flames in under 10 seconds. Should come with a warning.
The clamps work just fine if you used them with light weight, for example: snatches, cleans, deadlifts, etc from around 135 lbs and a little +. However, if you use more weight on these movements and you let the barbell fall, the clamps will come off and the discs won't be secured. I guess for the price you get what you pay for, but would be smart to remember that safety is always first.
Fun but doesnt stay inflated very well.
Pros: good seal, large volume, sturdy/rugged, top flips open nicely due to the elastic band Cons: since it has a single threaded top to screw on with it is stuck always facing the wrong direction when you hold it using the grips provided; there's a serious issue with the interaction between the elastic band and the top. Over time it seems that the band gets cut and eventually breaks. I tried replacing it with a rubber band and that worked for a while before it got cut too. I've tried to include pictures to show this.
Needs better magnets
I got this band in Dec and it's almost a month but it's getting scratched up after a while and also the color seems loosing. Now it's winter time and I wear the sweater and the band is so easy to hook on the sweater. Overall, I like this band but might shop again to get a better quality one.
it does not cause a heavy sweat, it is easy to put on and take off, even after wearing it through a workout, or exercise.
I thought it was go in ng to be rhinestone but it was just silver with a design on it. From far away it looks like rhinestone but its not.
The quality seems OK - nothing stellar. Long term will tell the true story, so I'll be back in time. Operation seems pretty smooth, the hardest thing to do is getting OFF the board when on your back. I don't have much to say until I use it more - my rating may actually go UP if it an withstand the test of time and use. Not thoroughly impressed with the quality of the components, but let's see...
This exercise band seems like really good quality . It came with it's own protective case but there were no instructions or diagrams on how to use it and I had a hard time finding anything online.
This product is a good workout. The feet flat were you get your feet is not very good quality. Your feet are held on by Velcro I have had it only one month and the Velcro is already starting to wear out. Not a very good design, very cheap.
I've had this tracker for about a week now, so I feel like I can give a fair review. I was pleasantly surprised to find out my purple watch came with an extra black band. Weirdly enough, I also ordered a black one for my partner, but he didn't get an extra band. It synced easily to my phone but not to my partner's phone. What it tracks is very basic and not always accurate. The sleep tracker on my watch was completely inaccurate but accurate for my partner. It doesn't immediately start counting steps, and from what I can tell it only tracks active calories and not daily total calories. This morning I felt it vibrate unexpectedly. I looked down and it had reset to factory settings! 10 minutes later, it had the right date and time, but all of my activity had disappeared. I give this tracker 3 stars because of the price. You get what you pay for. It's basic. Mostly accurate. A few glitches. But for somebody on a budget it will do just fine. Hoping for an Apple Watch for Christmas. :D
This green laser is the way to go at night or semi dark. I have used it on targets out to 200 yards. However, the remote switch on it is poorly constructed and does not always make contact. I would only get this product with the recharger and rechargeable batteries. Sighting this device in is easy enough, but it doesn't hold where there is more recoil involved, like on a heavier, larger caliber rifle. For the price, its nice, and works for those essential first shots....
Great product but only mine broke after a few months. Not durable
Takes a bit to get used too but good product
Very lightweight and comfortable but it looks cheaper than shown in the picture and in some of the reviews pictures. Not at all shiny like in some review pictures. I won't return it but I wouldn't buy it again or buy another one for the price. May try a cheaper brand.
if you have narrow feet, your feet slide in them
Flimsy but you get what you pay for
These are nice cues. Well balanced, straight, solid. They would rate 5 stars for house cues but I knocked it down because one of the cues is missing the bumper. Not really the manufacturer fault but I have no idea who makes the cues and there is no way to contact the seller (that I can see). I don't want to return the whole set just because one is faulty. I'll just find a generic bumper to install.
Home exercise /study breaks
First, what we received was not what was ordered, but the return process was easy and satisfactory. The seller contacted me directly via email asking me to review the purchase and to contact them directly for any issues. I did contact them directly and received no reply. I just received more emails asking me to review them and please give them 5 stars. The emails are annoying and excessive and a bit harassing. They seem more interested in 5 stars than in true customer service. If you want to really get 5 stars, quit annoying your customers and when you are contacted directly, contact me back rather than sending more canned emails.
Nice glove but be careful on first wear trying to be glove on, the elastic broke.
Works fine. Would be nice if you could take the plug apart to hook up the wires that came on my trolling motor. I had to cut the wires and splice this in so now I have a blob of black tape between my plug and my motor. Doesn't look very professional.
Not the best bore sight but definitely point you in the tight direction. For the price, not bad.
We bought this for use at a clinic. It's fair, the nurses say it is slow to pick up the O2 level.
quality is not great, the elastic is loose and it was short on my leg, I'm 5'6
First one failed after about 4 rides. Light went off unexpectedly and the unit developed a significant rattle. I was within the Amazon return window so just sent it back for exchange. The second one has about three rides on it see we will see how it goes. I like the light so I hope it continues to function. I have insomnia and often ride in our gated community in the few hours after midnight . So for those rides this is not my primary light, like spelunking I never rely on just one light when riding at night. A minor gripe, the battery charge indicator light does not function as described, when charging it is on steady blue regardless of charge status. Luckily my charger has its own charge status light for each device and looking at that I can avoid overcharging.
It got the job done. I just didn't like the fact that the little buckles are flimsy and loose.
One sock is 2 inches longer than the other one. But feel good.
I ordered the Dark Navy color but it's really appears to be black. The tags are labeled Dark Navy but maybe they're incorrect? The picture shows the pants on the left with some Navy Blue material I'm working with on the right.
The sizes are off at the bottom as it is not as slim as it should be
fog up all the time; have to run under water before each use on both sides of the lens which helps...also a better double width high quality headband helped a bit but still fogs up a lot...other than the anti-fog being worthless they are good
I'll give this a 3 star. Quality is not good, they roll and pinch. As far as working out with them they do give you a nice workout out. Just annoying with the rolling.
Way too small. I think these are made for children. My wife loves Alex Morgan so I got this for her and after reading reviews even went a size up. It's fine for our intimate celebrations but I wouldn't let her out of the house in it. America!
I liked the material of the actual band but the connector pieces are made of cheap plastic and do not stay connected to the watch face. Unfortunately this product is unusable for me as it continuously falls off. Good idea but poor production.
The handle slips and does not stay locked in position.
Same as any other, jar is leaky tho
actually they are kind of flimsy and tear very easy not reusable really
These are small. Good for a very narrow faced person or kids.
Product fine for some exercises but not very good for working as a chair at desk level... way to short.
It's okay. Better for cheap people like me and beginners.
Important to know these hold small weight pouches. Not the same as a bigger vest.
The goggles themselves work good enough. These are listed as Kids Swim Goggles, but the design of the straps does not let them adjust tight enough for a smaller child's head. I had to change the strap for my daughter to be able to use them, since the strap they came with did to adjust tight enough. With the new strap the goggles work well.
it turns at random by it's self
Ordered two. The threads on one are smooth and easy. The other one get hung up a bit. Wish both were smooth.
The main problem with the SB Sox is that the toe is not tapered to the normal shape of the toes, but instead is squarish (see image). Therefore, the sock can bunch up and be uncomfortable in shoes that aren't roomy at the toe. The socks are also fairly thick, unlike the higher end Jobst compression socks (which have a lighter feel but are more than twice the price). For the price, SB Sox are a very good value and seem well made. I hope the manufacturer will consider improving the toe design; if it does, this sock would deserve 5 stars.
This watch has been pretty annoying. The sensor that switches the illumination on when turning wrist only works about half the time. I got this mostly for the battery because I have an Apple Watch already but the battery life isn't the best especially when playing tennis for hours at a time. The only real positive I would give it is that the battery lasted about 3-4 days for me. But I wore this and my Apple Watch and they were nowhere close to the same in measuring steps. I think I read that this one will not count steps if your under 25 steps or so at a time. Well when I'm up and down all day I know I'm still burning those calories even though I'm not taking a long walk. There's also not much of a choice in picking exercises. I play tennis and hike a lot and those activities burn a lot more than just a walk, so I really don't think it's suited for a very big range of activities. I would say it's a bit more suited if your doing long walks or runs but nothing else and even then it's not the most accurate.
Bought this as an accessory to a Molle backpack. it was REALLY difficult to force the straps with their snap button heads through the strips. Once I got all four on and snapped I could tell that I would NEVER want to remove it for any reason. It works fine, holds water bottles securely, has a zippered top for added security. I do like the zippered side pouch as well. It comes with a carrying strap but I'm disappointed that the security (good) came at the expense of versatility (bad). Maybe it's just my first time adding anything to the Molle system, but wow!
Chair would be great. Except it's too short. I'm 5'2 and my legs are cramped. I bought the stool for my 6' husband. Needless to say he cant use it. It's more the size for a child
Easy to install and adjust. No issues with it on my 9mm but the one I have on my .45 will sometimes shut off from the recoil of the shot.
Quality product for sure but didn't fit what i needed it for.
It did not seal well and had water leaking. I had to return it but had no problems doing it
Smaller than expected
Compass does not work 😢
Will fit most things that you need for a baseball/softball bag. Only thing that disappoints me is the bat holder. It doesn't seem like it's securely in the pocket at all.
Bought this as a replacement band after the original wore out. First the positives - it definitely gives more of a dressed up look than the sports band that came with original. However, for the negatives - wearing this thing every day drove me nuts! Because it secures by a magnet, rather than a clasp, I was constantly having to adjust and re-tighten the band because the magnet will slowly but surely slide down the band when you're moving around. Additionally, this wasn't very comfortable to sleep in and since it's metal I wouldn't work out in it either. While this will be a great option when you have to look more professional or are dressing up, I don't think it's suitable for daily wear.
Bow came in with an awkward form on the handle grip, and had small knocks and dents in the riser and one of the limbs looks just a teeny bit twisted, was this just the bow I got or consistent across orders? And should I send it back in and reorder or is it fine?
Ball is ok I personally did not like it.
I think it could be a little larger in diameter and hold a few more clubs without sacrificing weight. I love it in concept, but I wish it was a little larger.
Dont fit shyt. Must be for some European gas cans, it sure as hell don't fit anything American!
Received product in a timely manner however the packaging was opened and the socks seem a bit thin.
So far the machine is fine. It came with dings and bends. The box was shredded, torn, and squashed in multiple spots, with a cut right through the middle. Not impressed with the delivery as it was a day late when I paid for one day delivery. Just for the delivery and the slight damage to the product I'm giving it 3 stars.
Very well-made. Excellent stitching. Unfortunately it will rub you Raw. I'm not a big guy, but the edges abrade your skin after about four hours. Mine Hill. Glock 19 very well and secure.
Fits well and works well... but the Adidas logo is too bright and big.
The mat is very pretty, comfortable but not too easy to roll up. I expected a surface with better grip. It's not what I was looking for.
It's a solid knife but I do have a few critiques. 1. The blade swings out way too easily. It's loose and I'd like it to be a lot more rigid when setting it to the locked out position. 2. The mechanism to unlock it is also sticky. It over travels if you're not careful and you have pry it out from past its expected travel point to get the knife to close. The blade and handle are solid but the points above are my gripes.
Had it for a month and the long strap broke.
One rod was broken when it got here. The boxes are near worthless for protecting the rod.
This product works very well however there is nothing covering the trigger so you can't carry with One in the Chamber if your firearm does not have a manual safety
unfortunately, they break very easily.
Cute stickers but didn't hold up well to outdoor elements on my car window.
Once I put this together, after having to take it apart twice, it works fine. The issue is that the installation instructions are HORRIBLY VAGUE. Refer to the pictures on Amazon when installing. There is a single diagram in the paper instructions, and it is useless. Lastly, if mounting to wall studs you will have to visit the hardware store to pickup your own lag bolts and washers.
Missing one of the bands.
The shorts were the right size but the drawstring was too short
The quality seems really good. I took one star off because one of the bands (the green one, of medium size) came dirty, literally with dried up something on it. I am thinking about returning. I took another one off because I can see myself using only 2 out of 3 bands, the largest one is too large so it's kind of useless for me.
Good quality but quite bulky for chopsticks.
Smaller than I expected, probably could've found a cheaper and bigger one at a local store
I do not care for the "scoop" on this but I do like the suction cups. The "scoop" is too difficult to use, dose not hold the ball.
Very pretty designs. However small mat. Thought it was larger.
I like how it adjusts my spine to keep it in alignment... Its a little narrow but it works...
The looks were great on this but it is very thin and fragile and there is a bit of an issue with there way it attaches to the butt stock.
I am giving this a 3 because when I ordered it I thought it was going to be a toy. When it came I realized it is very life like and made of metal...more for cosplay not kid play.
I wear a size 10 shoe. I decided to try these socks because they appeared to come up further on the foot than most no show socks. I was hoping they would fit me better than most, even if they didn't hit as high on the top of the foot as the picture showed. They fit like most and are putting pressure on the end of my toes causing discomfort after a few hours of wear. On the plus side the heel stays in place better than others I've tried.
I ordered this pullover in snowy garnet, size small. I'm 5'9”, about 130 pounds, for reference. The color is very pretty, and the Sherpa is super soft and cozy, but I was disappointed to find it didn't have pockets. The lining is fine, but it's not Sherpa. Also, I found the fit to be a little boxy. I like it just fine, but not enough to keep it. I'll be returning this item.
I ordered the Wine Red color. I did want to say that I loved the band. It was durable, functional, and a great color. However, after multiple wears, I recently experienced an allergic reaction on my wrist. The picture attached is after about 2 days of treating it. I do not have sensitive skin or any known allergies to this. So, this was a little unexpected. I do not deter those from buying. I just wanted to inform potential purchasers.
These are pretty good tackle boxes overall; the plastic is good thickness and the dividers for the adjustable compartments work well. My issue is with the latches. The close and stay closed just fine, but when you open them, half the time the latch comes clean off the box. Easy enough to put back on, but for basically the same price, the Plano latches are much better. I have several KastKing products, all have been good quality at good prices, but I feel these boxes fall short.
made good. Wish the clip was somewhat wider
Don't come with any instructions of how to use and no website to go to.
The bench is actually pretty decent. It's light it's stable and it does it's job. The downside is they use cheap looking hardware that stands out. It's not the black hardware they show in the pictures. Aesthetically it looks cheap with this hardware.
Looks good, comfortable, didn't even last a year though.
The paddles do not seem to be regulation size.
It is a fun table, not very good quality but that comes with the price I suppose. Two of the goals don't sensor the puck going in but the other two do fine. Other then that this would be a fun table for your kids as we have enjoyed it.
I looked at the size but you don't get the full idea of how small it is until you open it. Would never buy again. Not too sure what you would do with it besides using it as a flag for a flag team and it's still probably small for that!
Very soft,not for much wearing
Not as easy to use as I though it would be after watching their instructions.
I bought these to confirm that arch support, or lack thereof, was the issue I was experiencing. I only experience arch pain on one foot, so I only wear one sleeve at a time, alternating days between the two. Initially I used them above the socks, but after a couple of days they stretched out, and would slip down the sock towards my toes. For the last month I've been wearing them directly against my skin, and they do work! The arch pain was relieved on the first day, and has improved even when I take the sleeve off. Based on my experience, and for the price, I'd ordinarily give 5 stars. However, one of the two sleeves quickly stretched out along the seam, and is noticeable less effective and likely to slip. Since I only use one at a time, that means one sleeve's ability to provide relief disappeared within the first 5-7 uses. For this I'm taking a couple of stars off, as I would hope to not have to continually re-purchase sleeves.
Works, but has some sharp edges and just not what I would call finished there was about 3 hrs of rounding out the edges before I felt like I could spend a day with this on. Not bad for the price if your willing to do a little finishing work
After 2 months of use, the cap ripped when daughter was putting it on. Material is very thin not worth the $$.
Spring clips on pole will not keep flag in place .... Manufacturer needs to modify the flag attachment. Pretty sad that a brand new item must have tape applied for it to perform as advertised.
Pros: It does the job. It's lightweight. Easy to travel with. Sturdy. Reduces knots. Cons: The material it's made from makes a loud squeaking noise when foam rolling certain body parts. It's annoying. This is something in testing that should've been noticed.
Not a bad dump pouch. I like that it fold us small but the snaps seem to be cheap. Mine are constantly unsnapping.
A couple of hooks are bent and some paints are peeled when they were delivered.
Doesn't have a long life before it rips at the screws.
My son loves these. Only complaint is they shrank a good amount. Will re buy in a larger size.
It is fun to practice with but can be a little difficult to actually learn because of the weight difference between this trainer and a live blade.
Treadmill works great but 2.5 mph feels more like 1.0 mph so I have to turn it up to about 4 mph to get a good walk going. Calorie counter is waaaay off! But I'm walking! That part works well!
Worth the price for the lanyard and extra parts. It is a ok call.
This stick is absolutely too light. It serves its purpose but its very light and not good for adults. Even in tight quarters its difficult to use due to its weight. Great for kids though, and the stick is straight and well made
There are best brands out there. Material is not a long last type, very fragile to scratches. Try a different one
Out of the packaging they were slightly stained with a yellow brown color, and there was loose threads where it had almost a hole in the wrap. I wore them for the first time yesterday and the blue coloring of the wraps transfered onto my skin terribly. The good thing about them for me is that they are really long, and even though I have small wrists, wrapping them several times provided me with sufficient padding. I'm looking to buy another pair so I can rotate through them and have more colors, but I will not be buying these ones again :(
Love the product but description says it comes with removable trademarked dirt bag which it didn't come with. Called the company and have heard nothing from them!!
Received the 2 pack, but one of the bottles is defective. It's impossible to screw and unscrew the green bottle. Emailed Seller a few days ago with no reply. So I basically have 50% that works.
Love the material thickness, but they ride up in the crotch and butt crack area lol
The watch band looks nice but is a bit uncomfortable. The fastener dangles and gets in the way when doing things.
Love the deployment/retention system. Don't like the ears turned in on the front sight. Funny thing, combine rear sight with UTG front and you have the perfect sight picture in my opinion. Not currently installed on any of my guns. Will use when others not available.
The capacity is too small. I wanted to use it for travel and it's just not setup well. The side pockets are small and not a lot of smaller compartments on it. Cute colors though.
It does what it is supposed to do. The lengths of the individual poles vary slightly such that the pull up bar is slightly uneven when fully assembled. I like that it is easily disassembled. If you can't use a door frame style pull up bar, this is the next best option.
This FitBit band is very cute and looked nice upon opening. After a few months, it did tarnish fairly quickly and the part surrounding the magnet fell out. I do like the way this band looks for work but be warned, it catches on EVERYTHING. I have to be extra careful so as not to snag whatever I'm wearing. But for the snagging issue, it would have received a higher rating from me.
Great quality, material, everything! The ONLY problem (just as other reviews stated) the arms are WAY TOO SMALL!
Too wide. Fits too loosely when used in traditional wrap, too tight and almost impossible to be used as pictured like a wallet.
Needs to be a little longer
watch your knuckles though
The item came damaged. The cap was scratched.
I have not used them yet and am hoping they will re-send two replacements for the two broken bottles.
These bands were just a little too wide to fit in my fitbit versa light.
I love the looks of this, unfortunately the rose gold color rubbed off quickly & the black is showing through. I don't wear it much anymore because of this.
Kinda cheap plastic feel to it. Works like it's supposed to tho.
Cheap made inner pockets
Giving it 3 stars because it is deceiving. Thought it would be red and slate but instead it was very pink. My 8 year old son was very disappointed.
Okay lights. Thought that they were going to be brighter.
Board was already beat up when it arrived.
Kept falling off of my head. Would not recommend.
disappointed, needs more cushion in seat
Not extremely sturdy feeling. Handles jiggle a little. It will still get the job done I guess. I still wouldn't recommend though.
Finally got to use these for the first time they look nice but the bags hitting the boards turn them on and off so they are pretty much useless, if they would of put longer wires on them you could of mounted then on the legs where there is much less vibration.
Work ok for the price
I bought 3 sets of these 6 months earlier, these were a thing bit smaller and wouldn't fit properly. I am disappointed, but they do provide able cushioning for a gym floor. It's like walking in a cloud.
Kids like it but the basketball hoop is very flimsy. instructions were useless thankfully a trampoline isn't that complicated but you definitely need two ppl to put it together. My real quarrel was one of the suspensions came damaged and amazon wouldn't replace just that item. They want you to pack back up the whole thing and send it back to them. Heck no that's to much work.
Great idea, very low air pressure. I can hand pump a inflatable in faster time. For SUP it gets you to the top psi as I can't hand pump the top range to fill it.
They work. And grind. 1st usage they felt really good, so i over did it. I went to far outside on a warm day. When i took them off they were a little damp my legs were raw. Ive not had a 2nd day yet. I wonder if runners tape would help without slippage?
I like the pouches for the shells and for the game. The belt, however, is not very good it will not stay closed when worn with weight in the pouches.
When I bend over they creep down my ass but they're not see thru! I thought with the extended belly control these would fit but they're more like wide waist band than high waist band
One was not quite as white as the other four. Not what I thought it was. However, it serves the purpose for the time being.
I bought this headband to wear on days that I don't wash my hair to control the fly-aways . I love the style but it does not stay put very well. I have to readjust it several times a day.
Does a bit of rattling because it doesn't sit flush against the riser but can be easily fix by using rubber O-rings. $0.10 at your local hardware store will fix the problem.
These bands lasted just as long as the original Fitbit band for a fraction of the cost!
Would of gave it 5 stars but did not receive any batteries, pay over $400 for it and dont recieve any batteries with it....Pretty upsetting.
Tried using last night for a moonlight race, with no moonlight due to clouds :). They throw light about 3-4 ft in front, nowhere near the 30 ft. I applied just like in the video on their website with the woman runner. Near the end of the 5K race, one was missing, had slipped right out without my knowledge. The road was an asphalt road but due to recent rain had twigs and moss in the path which was only lit with glow sticks on cones. The light from these helped prevent slipping or tripping and falling because of those small obstacles. I have emailed the company and requested a replacement light - just one, as I would use again for this kind of race. But I definitely will have some other lighting in addition to this for the next time, maybe a headlamp or knuckle lights or all three.
The product is well made and quite sturdy. Even with daily use it should last you a lifetime. It works perfect for a 110 trap, but it's too small for a 220 trap. I read the advice of several people who added conduit to extend the handles. But I'm Andy, I have to be better than everyone. I drilled three holes on each handle and bolted on some wooden handles. Perfect for cold or wet weather.
They are very comfortable, however two pair ripped the first day I wore them. Very disappointed with the quality.
did not expect to receive 2 in the package they are fairly thick not very comfortable watch out for swelling of your feet
Pros: This container does an amazing job of keeping beverages cool for a LONG time. Amazing in that regard. Cons: The plastic strap connecting the lid to the bottle lasted all of 1 day before breaking. Unlike most every other water bottle you have ever had you can not carry this using that loop - not more than twice... That then leads to the other reality that makes me say this is more of a container than a bottle. It is large and unwieldy without any handles of any kind and not light when you add 64 ounces of water. So if you were looking for a device to keep your beverages cold for a long time and you don't mind pouring the beverages out into something you can easily drink from this will work for you. If you are thinking of buying a 64 oz. Water Bottle to take to the gym, I would say you should look elsewhere.
Looked great but didn't fit well. It is very stiff.
Bill of hat hurts my temple. Had it on for a few seconds and took it right off. Wish it worked.
Bigger than all other brands medium
Nice but product can be easily broken 1 came broken other the head piece extender broke within 1st use. Only a 6yr old using to sleep at grandma's
The product quality is good, but I received the wrong hand!
Darling hat, but the bill is overly large. Yes it does offer major sun protection. I have to watch my head angle in an open air car, because it really wants to go airborne!
The board its self is great but the kit was missing a dart, refunded but just annoying they couldnt make sure that everything was counted for.
Just used once so far, the quality to see is okay and ear plugs are hard to use and keep poping out
This is a great hoop and my son and his friends have a great time dunking. However, it rusted within two years and needs to be replaced. I started repainting the rim and bottom pole, but it was no good. I am looking something that last longer than two years.
I just received this tracker/ watch but so far so good. ( Make sure you remove the dark film from face so you can see the display).
Some pages came damaged. We still used it but maybe packaging could be better
Decent boresighter for the money. It wont always get your firearm dead on every time, but it will get you on paper for sure. Glad it came with spare adjustment screws because the heads strip out fairly easily.
My XD is very loose inside the holster but otherwise is great
Good product, but returned because they clanked.
Love to tell the world that the Fulcrum has helped me to perfect my technique. Truth is it did not, and, after being used a few times, is now collecting dust. Still trying to find the magic swimming bullet,
These things snap way too easy if you swap them from belt to belt. If you are going to keep it on one belt and never unsnap it then it's good otherwise prepare to keep replacing it. Unfortunately this is the only option to purchase
As with any make-up, it can reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, but it can't fix ugly. I used it on a 3 year old bay boat. It is not snake oil, nor is it magic. If you look at the covered cracks you can still see them. Worth buying if you are trying to hide hairline gelcoat cracks quickly and easily. If you want perfection break out the Dremel and gelcoat, and set aside a few afternoons or break out the checkbook.
I wear a men's size 10 in most brands, sometimes 9.5, sometimes 10.5. Therefore I should fall perfectly into the Medium sizing, but my foot doesn't even fit without serious effort. Once I get it on, it squeezes my foot like crazy but is. loose around my leg. When you flex your foot towards your shin, there is a crease that forms on the outside that has caused me (and other reviewers) a lot of discomfort on the front on the ankle.
Smaller than shown...like, a lot smaller
A little disappointed that the box it arrived in appeared to small, product is crammed in it and there is nothing in the box to describe what it is or how to mount it. I guess since this is a gift, I can explain what it is and we can go online to get mounting instructions.
I purchased this to be used with a Glock 17. The gun fit well in the holster with no required modifications and the belt clip worked well. However, I had an issue with the leg straps not going all the way around my thigh comfortably (I was able to clasp one tightly and the other wouldn't make it at all). I don't have particularly large legs, and believe this may be better suited for a younger individual or as part of a costume with some modification.
threads started coming loose pretty quickly
served it's purpose but, my son got a huge whole in his crotch around the 5th game of the season.
It fits a little bit large in spots. Maybe it is meant for someone with a bigger chest.
Does not fit snugly in my Ruger 556
style runs too tight in legs
They lose strength resistance
Doesn't come very sharp, but it works ok. I've taken it on two bushcraft outings and this has the best handle I've seen on all the models. It's got the condor lable on the blade and handle, which I don't like, and worst of all EL Salvador is impressed in the steel axe head. Why would anyone want that on their blade... Put it somewhere hidden... El Salvador... Geesh
These are nice bands but not as large as they should be. If you have large wrists (for a man) you might want to look for something a bit bigger.
Nice book,but it is plastic. I was surprised it was like a notebook.
These hub caps are very pretty and look great on the golf cart. However 2 of them have very noticeable Nick's where the chrome finish is missing and you can see the black plastic underneath. I would request 2 new ones but don't know how. 2 are perfect. Also don't try to put them on without removing the metal tabs and bending them together more.
I gave this 3 stars because it had everything I needed in a starter kit and the price was fair for that purpose but I was very disappointed. The mat, which I assume would be the most important part of a Yoga package, is extremely light, flimsy, and rolls up at edges no matter which side it is turned on. Also has bad grip and slides around with the slightest movement. Unfortunately, I purchased 2 starter kits right off the bat (1 as a gift) because of the high ratings I saw for this product. I would be able to use the towels and the bag but the mats will have to be replaced.
Pedaling is rough and odd. It does not stay in place! Constantly moving! I have rugs on wooden floor One rug stable, very heavy and thick. Machine moved. I put on another rug and it was all over the place. I'm disgusted. Don't want to pedal with this item when ur all over the floor.
Hook side of the velcro failed after less than a year of use. Buckles would sometimes pop apart if not perfectly snapped together. I like that the loop side of the velcro runs the whole length of the belt, but there are better belts out there for the money.
If you're marketing a sports logo item the logo should at least be visible on the front of the item.
A decent bowie knife, it came sharp out of the box for me. The steel is of course a soft steel, I tapped the tip of the blade on the table and it rounded out the tip. But it's easy to sharpen this type of steel. The sheath smells like old boot leather, but it's a solid sheath. The snaps haven't fallen apart yet on me and it holds the blade securely even without the snaps on. The brass on the hilt and pommel wasn't polished at all out of the box, it looked terrible. I ended up polishing it myself, took just a few minutes. The blade seems to chop and bite the wood well sometimes. No nicks or chipping on the blade yet. I think the blade is worth its value. This is a good blade to start off with, so you can learn how to sharpen and baton wood, take it camping...etc. As someone stated in a review, it's a good beater. Overall, it's a decent knife, I'd give it a solid 3.5 stars if I could, hope this review helps.
I have wood floor and this step slick like butter. The exercise is challenging enough to be trying to keep the step on place, plus doesn't have rubber mat embedded it. It's light and allows me to move it easily if I need to and the height and size works great for my routine.
Thought this would have more room for the mat towel and water bottle along with the mat but unfortunately, I will need to get another bag. Aesthetically it's lovely and very well made.
After my doctor recommended I use compression socks because my ankles swell as the day goes on, I ordered several different compression socks from different companies. I would say these are pretty light compression compared to others. They improve the swelling but don't quite eliminate it. However, I love wearing these when I play pickleball because they are colorful & coordinate with my playing clothes better than boring black & beige.
I was thinking that they would be easy to see but have found that not to be true. I have no problem with how they fly but seeing them land isn't as easy as white or yellow. I would not buy them again.
Good value. Not the longest three wood on the planet.
You get the bottle.....but no spray nozzle. Nowhere did I see it mentioned that you wouldn't get a spray nozzle. WHY SELL ME A SPRAY WITHOUT A SPRAY NOZZLE?! Jerks.
Items are packaged cleanly and works well. The instructions are written in broken English and impossible to figure out how to use.
I have a couple of fairly small monoculars for hiking; this is big enough that I wouldn't care to hike a lot with it, and related to some other review comments I haven't tried to somehow measure whether it's really 16 x 52. Well, I can easily measure the 52 part, and that's clearly not right --- it's about 40 mm looking into the large lense. So I tend to believe the other reviews that say that you're not getting 16x magnification either. Still, so long as you understand the size and weight of the thing, I think it's good for the price. Size: just under 6" long, outer diameter at widest point about 2", case is roughly 6" x 2-1/2" wide by 2" 'deep'. Weight: 8 oz even for the monocular, 8.7 oz in the included case. My big beef with this --- why I give it 3 stars rather than 4 --- is that the very first time I tried to use it was in kayaking. I put a strap from my life vest through the belt loop and as soon as I stood up it immediately fell to the ground. The stitching on the belt loop was that poor that it immediately failed as soon as the weight of the item was put on the stitching. So for quality control I'd give them a minus 5 stars. I really want a reliable attachment loop so will fiddle with a small needle to try to hand stitch it in place working sort of inside the item --- what a (needless) hassle. More to the point, I'm fortunate that it didn't fall off and into the water while I was kayaking. Don't rely on their belt loop, test it first.
It seems that some colors in the KT Pro line stick better than others. This one didn't feel as thick.
When attaching to the 3 iron it is off center. I tried to bend it into position, but it is not aligned with the blade of the club. What am I doing wrong?
Ordered a small. Compression is perfect but thigh band is too tight to be comfortable during exercise. Returning product. Think medium compression would be too loose. Trying another brand.
Gloves look nice and fit well. Insulation is mediocre. I took a bike ride on a 30 degree day. My fingers were numb afterwards.
Ranges very accurate but if there is any moisture in the air it won't work, rain, fog, or even early morning dew will catch the laser. Work great in ideal weather and indoors but that is often not the case
It's not strechy enough. It was easier to put on than taking it off.
Nice backpack!!! Picture is deceiving though, i thought i came with a hydration water bladder as shown in the picture but it didnt. Just a water bottle. This backpack would be perfect of it did come with a water bladder.
It's still difficult for me to load using this.
White you can still see your tattoo, so if you are buying them to hide your ink get black.
The 7 round P938 magazine stick out due to it's baseplate, and this holster doesn't let the magazine sit low enough in your pocket for the baseplate to not be visible.
I couldn't wear the headband! It is too tight! And the wrist sweatbands are tight too but still wearable 😅
The quality of the product is fine; however, it's extremely difficult to take out the bands.
The digital part of the watch fell out and was lost after 2 weeks. Great product but didn't last long. My son was disappointed.
No IR tabs just velcro covers, be pretty cool if i were just using it for pretend.
Although it does fit the gun great, due to the pressure needed to holster and unholster your firearm it doesn't like to stay situated against your hip. The entire thing tends to slide up.
I think that hooks a very good product I gave you this rating not because of the hook but because of me I'm just now learning to use their Hooks and I'm messing up the hook is very strong
One fell off on the first race using them. They look neat but ended up going back to the safety pins. Ran six miles with my bib flapping.
The mouth guard is made of good quality and performs fine for my 4 year old but the color is supposed to be blue and I was shipped a clear one.
I bought this for my 13 year old son. We loved that it came with a case and it seemed very well made, but we returned it because he said it was VERY uncomfortable. He said there was hard plastic that rubbed on his forhead and the top of his nose. We ended up getting a US Divers mask because we have had those before.
I did not like the velco
This mount is ok it's a bit crooked so I had to use some washers to shim it but it does work its definitely solid construction
They are decent for the price. However if you bend over, they will slide out. Leather would be a better option.
It came in an off peach color, more like flesh tone. Looks used up on the edges. My son kept it as it is unique but I was not impressed.
i really liked this mat when i first got it, but after 2 months I'm starting to have some problems. I realy liked the alignment lines, as someone new to yoga they're helpful for getting good positioning. The padding in the mat is nice as well. But after some regular use I'm noticing that my hands are starting to slip and the mat is stretching out while in down dog. I've wiped the mat down with a homemade mat cleaning spray but that didn't help.
Good quality, but smaller than I expected.
I didn't really get a chance to try these gloves out. I consider myself an average U.S. male and ordered a size large in glove size upon which most other glove sizes I've tried on in stores have fit. Upon arrival there was no way i was getting my hands in those gloves. I sent them back and basically i'm out the shipping costs back to Amazon because they didn't fit.
Collects dust too easily
Great trampoline for kids and adults to jump. Only lasted for the three years before springs start falling off with rust and and net shreds with the wind though.
These discolor quickly in the sun, after about 1 week of outdoor use the vibrant orange faded to a dull orange. This doesn't matter too much for my use but it could be an issue if high visibility is required.
okay but had problems with the reticle for windage sticking and would not adjust, after several cycles of the windage adjustment it did finally move only to stick again the next time I went to the range, the optics are very good for the expense of the scope but would not recommend it for a serious shooter as the reticle problem seems to be an ongoing thing.
Doesn't fit my watch. Should have ordered something else.
I got it when the thing was $700+ seen a lot of improvement in my training. As I'm not scientist I can't confirm what it does but what I feel is that Everytime I wear it, it gives me an edge in training and that ofc translate to performance in the field. But it started giving me issues with connection and I contacted. The primers we're recharged worked for a while (1-2 months)and then again failed everytime I have to pay 9 for the solution and 49 to get it shipped to me. So if you are not in USA you gonna get ripped. And now the whole head set is giving trouble. Considering that they are made for workout and that I use them only during that 20 minutes of warm up I assumed the device would hold on for a while.
Did not like them for my toddlers shoes. Hard to put on and they were too tight.
I went with these because they were cheap for two. They are more comfortable than another kind I tried, but they don't stay firmly in place and I don't think they'll last much longer. I've had them for about a month.
its not the best headgear, one part is coming off. but its not that big a deal, it still works fine.
As expected for the use intended.
Description says 29" but I think it's the outside measurement since it barely fits my 27" upper. I wish they would have spared a few more pennies to sew in Velcro straps to secure the barrel and lower. Padding is sufficient for the purpose. It comes with dual zippers, the one is smooth but the other is a bit rough so I will use the smooth one and leave the rough one alone.
The wrist wrap description says it has two type of finger loop. But mine has only one. Was this deliberate per new specs or was mistakenly excluded. I wanted the one you can loop around the thumb as its easier to tighten. But I guess I'll need to get used to this.
Easy to install depend on your bike style. I have to adjust multiple time since part of my bag was too close the wheel n gear.
Nice product but I didn't feel it was worth what they charge. About 2 months of ownership the led light no longer works. I open it about 8 times a week.
I Didn't like this at all
These sweats are not as heavy as I wanted. They are more of a French terry than a true fleece. Perhaps they are a light - to mid weight fleece at best. They are ok for lounging and kicking around but they aren't very long - I am 5'8” and after washing, sadly the size small aren't long enough to be worn in public. Wish I had returned
I bought these there good looking, but ripped the first week, quality ain't all there. At Size XL, if they had XXL then that would of changed.
bught for wife,but she don't use it properly,so I don't know if it is good or bad.
It fit great, looked great until after 3 weeks the metal started to break along one edge leaving sharp pieces sticking out. I would still recomend this strap as I think I just got a bad one.
Collars do not stay on very well, I think there needs to be more friction to keep them from loosening during use.
I was disappointed in the quality of the fabric.
The quality of this project is good, but if it is too loose, it will have no effect. If it is too tight, it will cause pain in the flank.
Shipped wrong item the first time around. Little annoyed to have to reorder but Amazon made the next purchase a lot smoother. Just got the product and I'm pleased with the product based on the price.
It is a little to big
They are definitely useable, but I wouldn't recommend them to anyone or ever rebuy. You have to scrub your nose dry to have it stay (which was expected) but then it wouldn't fit anywhere properly on my nose.
Arrived on time but damaged. There are two long wrinkles in the cloth down each side of the long rails. Looks like the foam packing material was somehow pressed into the table and then slid some after being packaged. Doesn't affect ball roll to much. A little, but not bad. The legs were easy to attach to the table, but you must first remove the white corner sections. Attach leg, then reattach corner pieces. Table sits fairly level, but I had to put a thin shim under one end of the table. Not perfectly level, but close. The plastic pockets are not stapled with any kind of uniformity. The side pockets are closer in than the corner ones. A kid's hand may retrieve the balls from the pockets, but an adult hand is too big. You must reach under the table and push up the pocket from underneath, and then grab the ball. The tips on the cues are like steel. They very hard to shape, but hey it's a kids table right. Overall, for the 45 bucks spent, I feel this item deserves at least 3 stars. A little more attention to detail in the manufacturing process, and I would give it 4 stars.
It's an ok product expected more from the summit brand kind of sketchy installing like everyone before definitely use ratchet straps if you're used to a climber stick to your climber
These are a little tight. According to the label attached to the shorts I was sent the SLIM model. It appears from the label that these Large sized shorts also come in NORMAL and RELAXED fit but Amazon does not give the option of a NORNAL large, which would have fit much better. Aside from the sizing issue, I like them . . . nice material and padding, so I will live with them rather ran bother with the hassle of sending them back. And if I did send them , I'm not sure how I would go about getting Large / NORMAL.
The motor seems fine but the mounting bracket is plastic, kind of flimsy.
tends to peel off at the flower petals
Very small diameter rope about the thickness as a clothing line carabiner very cheap but should hold 50 pounds no more
Ok so I do like these but they seemed too tight for my four year olds shoes. I think I would try the adult size next time.
Moccasins are nice but run small. This was a Christmas gift and my husband wears size 11 1/2. These were way too small. I returned this size and reordered an XL. Hopefully they will fit.
Material is easy to catch dirt
The foam feet were partially ripped off upon unwrapping of tray and the felt has s bubble from the glue used under to hold it down
The advertisement says cooper infused. The package doesn't indicate this. I guess that's what the cooper patches are, but who knows. Normally the compression socks I wear have a lot more compression. I prefer that since I use a standing desk and stand all day. These are helpful for standing all day, but not as good as the tighter ones. If you're looking for compression socks that you can pull on and off easily, these are what you want. I wouldn't buy them based off of the copper claim. If you want tight socks that take both hands and they have to be moved up little by little, these are not what you want.
After wearing this ring for 4 months, I noticed it was beginning to tear on the inside where it crosses over. I am pretty active and wore the ring when I did yard work, fished, etc. I contacted QALO directly and they sent me a new ring, no questions asked. They even suggested another style that was more durable! It is great to do business with a company that stands behind their product.
this should say for children or people with really really thin ankle. I am not a tiny person but I'm not that big either. I wear size 5.5 shoe and this wouldn't fit my ankles. the velcro cut into my leg, not comfortable at all. was hoping this would help me start to strengthen my ankle and knees.
Does NOT fit the Sig P365 even after wearing it in but it still had the great craftsmanship of 1791
The price per underwear was excellent for the brand....but I'm pretty sure these are rip offs. The craftsmanship isn't all that great, but my picky son wears them so I can't really give them a so-so rating. The inside tags on these are different than the 4-pack I bought at Costco so they just seem a little suspect, like they're knock offs.
Setup Was ok . It loses connection from time to time forgets network info , needs a general system reboot every now and then. 4/5 darts stick for me using stock darts . have some widows on the way , will update with results of nicer darts . Lobby is empty as of 4-5 8-9 11-12 pm mountain time . both servers , all game modes , no random connections worked . was hoping for streaming video , however its pictures . streaming is a few bucks a month both players need it if you both want to see each other . I've spent about 2-3 hours on it in solo mode and have enjoyed it immensely . would rate higher if opponents were more readily available and or it just connected every time no issues .
Great laser!! But the pressure switch is fragile where it is connected to the back of the laser.
Cute design but it didn't seem to stick as well as the plain black.
Realistic but did not keep heron away. Had to used fishing line around pond. Now it's a conversation piece.
Nice size would be really nice if you didn't have to chisel the scores in.. with that said chalk doesn't adhere very well to the surface.. will take suggestions on how to treat the surface to make it less of a chore to keep score.
The retaining hardware is make with cheap steel, and hence a little soft. The wire mesh bends easily. I hit it with my knee by accident and the mesh collapsed. Of course, I then straighten it out with my fingers. I hope to get a few years of service with this basket. I will not purchase this again when I need a new basket.
Bought these as a temp fix for a hunting trip to get me by while my Nikon monarchs were getting repaired. Clarity was decent but they fogged up a lot which was annoying. I wouldn't buy them again if I had to do it over.
there ok for a break cue
This knife is so hard to sharpen . Between tungsten sharpeners and diamond glass sharpeners I've had a hard time putting an edge on it. But it is a very well sturdy made knife
Pretty good bike for the price. Obviously, don't expect a great, smooth ride but it def gives me a good workout.
Easy to use you get what you pay for not my worst impulse purchase
They are a good pellet for rats and plinking.
Inexpensive, easy to install, works well. WOuld have been 5 STARS if the level were larger and the fluid darker.
I was really excited about this and knew it would be challenging to learn how to hula hoop again, but unfortunately it started to get a bend in it, which made it harder to hula hoop. I have tried my mom's hoop that she also bought on amazon which was sturdier and I was able to hula hoop easily. This one I bought has a curve in which makes it flimsy. Definitely will be buying the one my mother has to replace this.
They do the job but they slip around a lot and just don't keep in place very well.
The idea is good but cheaply made. When golfing if you move it from portrait to landscape view the screw that holds the phone becomes very loose. As I said a nice idea but would not purchase again.
I really wanted to love this and have used it multiple times. It is lightweight and fits quite a bit, but it won't stay down while running. I only put my phone and car key in it, and it always rides up to my kid section while running. It's too late to return it now, so I'm stuck with it- so I will only use it on weight training days. :/
Love the colors and it is sturdy in design too. Not very large and fits my gun just right.
Not super high quality but very acceptable for the price and function well
Was not packaged well, thus the glass was cracked in half on arrival. Was a gift for my daughter. Guess it will be considered, cat bling for her wrist; since it's broken and useless. Watch band is cheap plastic, but could easily be changed out for a better one. Overall cute watch, sadly No use to us.
The crossbow itself is well made however the re-seller (Leader Accessories) utterly fails to improve any documentation from the manufacturer (Man Kung). Man Kung itself has no data on their shell of a website. I shot 7 bolts and the draw string broke. (ALWAYS wear eye-protection people. The gouge on my glasses would alternately be a decent chunk of my pupil.) In short, this bow is adequate for an experienced archer, I would not recommend for a first time crossbow owner.
I got it for my teenage son for Valentines Day.I really like it and so did my son but the catch that holds the chain together was missing so I'm trying to find one that fits it so he can wear it.
They are already starting to fall apart but - for the price - I still don't regret having bought them, I'm just going to give them a lower rating because the quality isn't there, regardless of price.
I wouldn't recommend this exact bipod honestly. Caldwell makes some other really nice bipods but this one isn't the best. The swivel is very loose even when “locked” in place. The M-LOK didn't even line up on my rifle. I had to modify it to work. Other than that it's nice and light weight. Good height for a bolt action
Nice wide platform for child's foot however scooter handles do not turn .....
hard to lock in the target to get exact distance
the oxygen saturation monitor does not work correctly, always says I am at 98 or 99 percent oxygen level when i am really at 92 or 93% .
So mine came with one of the metal thingys broken. But for $8, what do you expect.
It has several pockets and will hold pens, 9mm single stack magazines and smaller. The pistol compartments have a “V” sewn in and makes ot very difficult to hold a glock 43. Maybe a .380 body guard would fit well but nothing much larger.
Game is really fun to play but extremely hard to put together...once you get it together you won't want to take it apart!
The wrist bands absorb just fine. However, the gray bands look like "dirty" white ones - very poor color. Maybe if the gray was darker but the gray looks like dirty white.
The quality is good. But this thing is tiny. It doesn't fit on my dome.
Shirt is nice. The letters are ironed on and that is exactly what it looks like. I didnt think it would look like I ironed the letters on myself. I bought it for my husband for Christmas so we will find out real soon if he likes it. and it appears it should fit as expected...we shall see... If not it will be returned asap. i did order a second one for backup
Smaller than I thought this would be.
It's a great storage place to put your golf stuff and keep it organized, but putting it together I'm finding bent pieces and broken pieces. Two of the feet are broken off and areas that the screws are supposed to go into are bent so it's a struggle to get the screw in.
Directions were useless learned more online. If I remember it's charge is suppose to last 7 days mine lasted maybe 2.5 days I would not purchase again but the price was right so I got what I paid for it!😫😫
Wasnt as warm as I thought they would be.
Works alright. I probably should have bought a more expensive one as this doesn't thread in correctly every time and sometimes gets stuck and I have to use pliers to loosen it.
I bought these for me Hawaiian Birthday Party to make shave ice. The only problem is they tip over very easily. This makes it impossible to fill with ice without holding them. I ended up putting them in a tall glass/mug to fill.
There ok. I used them as rewards for participating in a cardboard box car show.
Just received the small band and it seems awesome. Doesn't roll and has a strong resistance. The only thing I'm really disappointed in is the false advertising on the actual color. I purchased the pink one because they showed a sweet neon/hot pink. What I received was a dark ugly pink. If I would have known that, I would have gone with black! The inside stripes are also blue and not purple.
I understand that they preset the color in the set. However, please add some neutral colors like green or white. I ended up receiving all red and pink color. No yellow and no blue. The plastic quality is very cheep and not last long.
Hard to install. Looks sturdy but on our Skywalker trampoline the basket tilts upward. Awkward to shoot but doesn't stop my grandson who loves it!
Comfortable when used for runs. Fit well. Keep my feet dry, but my shoes always smell after running with these socks
ordered a size small based on the recommended calf measurements, but they are pretty loose (especially in the lower half where I really need the support), defeats the purpose of a compression sleeve :(
Not very comfortable and the sizing is off, unfortunately. I liked the look of these, but I have a lot of trouble sliding. The heel of the shoe is flat and there is rubber near the toe that comes in contact with the floor, making it difficult to slide smoothly.
This product is colorful and lightweight but the absorbency was a big let down. Item didn't really soak up the sweat or water like I thought it would according to the description. Also, the feel was soft but when you wiped your sweat with it there was a bit of scratchy feel.
Until a few days ago I would have given this product 4 stars. The pin that holds the lid on keeps working its way out. It's easy to push back into place, but I may miss it one day, and that would be the end of the cup. Then the gasket that seals the drinking spout disappeared, so end of the cup. It still stays cold, but unless it's upright, it leaks.
Soft, satiny fabric, cushioned above the eyes but not below. The unfinished edges of the fabric are quite uncomfortable on my cheeks under the eyes, even after loosening the strap significantly. Won't work for me, unfortunately.
Worked well until it broke. I was told I was receiving a replacement part time that never arrived.
I have astigmatism, but some red dots work for me and some don't in day light at least. This one does not sadly. I sent it back immediately so I can't comment on how good it is as a sight.
The stitches on one glove tore before I reached about the 5th use. I had to buy a new pair way too soon because of this. I would not buy this brand again.
It holds a Nalgene bottle nicely. It is nice to have it close, isolating the condensation and not rolling off the passenger seat then all over the floorboards. Did someone on here mention an adapter to make it fit better inside the car's cup holder? My cup holders are good sized but not large enough for a Nalgene so, the adapter wiggles and shifts around. Did someone mentioned that theirs cane with one? If so, where can I get them? Should mine have come with them?
The cloth started bobbling after just few washes. It also sticks to your skin just like most clothes when you get into water. It's great product otherwise; you save a lot on sun screens.
These shorts fit a lot smaller than expected width-wise. The material also is kind of rough, not as soft as I was expecting.
Works ok. Not as smooth as the ST Action Pro - 9mm Yellow Action Trainer Dummy Round. The edge of the casing has become rough from the pistols ejector.
The overall design,aesthetics blade and materials are very nice.This could be a great knife,but I'd like to see a sharper factory edge and the pivot loosens up very quickly and easily.Hopefully Kizer will fix these issues in the future.
Wish it was a little bigger but other then that I take it running and hiking
Decent crop looks dirty but a little unsure cuz there's a little wiggle on it. Hoping doesn't fall apart fast
Somewhat hard to use.
Good construction, just too big for a female and gave them away.
I'm sure they'll last awhile, but I prefer a thinner style silicone ring that I can barely feel on my finger, and these were pretty thick. If you don't care about that, by all means buy them.
I did not like this ball it was too hard and stiff. I don't know if Wilson has changed the texture of this ball but none of the guys wanted to use this ball at the gym as their Wilson evolution game balls had a softer more leathery texture.
Blanket feels of good quality and is a great size, I am giving 3 starts unfortunately because I ordered the updated version on the LA chargers and received a San Diego chargers one.
The price is great. The internal webbing is very basic, the holders do not vary in width. Basicaly you can fit 10 pens and 10 screwdrivers. The map holder has an oil residue covering the inside. Also the retaining line for holding the outer flap could have been configured better than it is.
You have to trim the dividers then get them kind of snapped into the slots while squeezing the compartments to get everything aligned and to hold in place.. Must be a better way to make those dividers. Should have them in place and then remove some to make the size compartments you want.
It did not work for me. I had really high hopes for this product. May try again with a reoccurring injury. I will update my review then.
It's so thin it's almost see through. Not the quality I was hoping for.
Comfortable but it's not a good shirt for a hot day not lightweight at all.
I didn't think it was as good as advertised
Is a good system but the design is kind of weird. I'm 5'3 and I have to hunch to get to the Grip Pulse or the arms. It has speakers and an AUX in, but it does not have a fan.
Package arrived on time. Box was very heavy but this was expected. After cutting open the box and halfway through putting the table together we noticed several damaged pieces. By this point my husband was not about to take apart the table and box it back up. Also, the numbers are backward on the table. When looking at the table from one end, you will be looking at the numbers upside down. I'm pretty sure this is a defect of some sort. I am disappointed in the damaged areas, it worries me that these may cause further issues down the road. The damaged is so noticeable that my 9 year old son asked if we bought the table used. :-/ Besides the damage, the air hockey table works great. The kids are having a lot of fun playing air hockey and pool against each other. All of the accessories were in good shape and we like the pool stick storage area under the table.
Not bad, but isn't as breathable as I thought it would be.
i ended up return it because the head keep coming off
wait and see how it works this winter
It works but you will have to go to Lowe's or Home Depot to get the mounting hardware. Doesn't come with it. Just tells you what you need to go buy. I'm taking 2 stars for that reason.
These ended up being too big but as funny as it sounds and must look, I put them over my Capri yoga pants to bike & pull them off to run. They work good to help with the pain of sitting on the bike for a long time.
So far so good! I haven't begun using them yet, but I have inspected them. They are very sturdy and I like the weight resistance difference in each band. Will update my review after giving them a go!
You get what you pay for. The item you see is precisely what you get. The gun is made out of low quality plastics and an internal component which is metal that adds weight to the firearm to give a more realistic feel. If you're searching for something to mess around with then I exceedingly recommend this weapon; Its very very and fun.
It's a pretty thin strap compared to others I purchased. Works but seems like it will wear out quickly.
I putted on and then shoot a couple of rounds it felt off and all part everywhere
Has a strong chemical smell. Took a week to dissipate
It is fake ...doesn't ship exactly as is on photo... will ship way cheaper version
Not exactly what I was looking for. Not big enough. A little difficult to assemble when it't concerns a fragile item.
Very loose on the bat compared to other hitting jack-it that we have used. Just hoping during a swing it doesnt fall off and go flying.
The rod came in a flimsy card board box, which caused the rod tip to be damaged. had to pay to have tip replaced. Berkley customer service said to ship it back to Amazon. Nice rod, cost me an extra $7.50 to have tip replaced.
carrying bag it too small for all items to fit. Once you have secured the mallet to the stick that don't fit in the bag. Would hate to have to secure the mallet to the stick every time we wanted to play...Just make the bag a little bigger
Retention is good. But the finish is a joke. None of the holes were cleaned out. The egde is missing on some spot. Claw only works for right handed.
1. It was not difficult to assemble. 2. It works great, is sturdy, and has a smooth stride. 3. It is ABSURD that I could not use it before 'activating' it. This meant going to ifit.com, signing up for service I am not interested in, and inputting my credit card information. I immediately canceled the membership and in one month when the free trial expires, if I can no longer use this machine, I will be one very upset individual. If I wanted to pay a monthly fee, I would use one at the gym rather than purchasing one!
I've had 2 of these and they both broke at the same spot. The hinge. One lasted a little over a year and one lasted 10 months.
I gave my friend as a present, she said is not fit.
The pad is located on the lower side and it is not padded on the main part at all and feels like a brick when using it. Your shoulder should hit the ground on the other side and don't as it is thicker on the other side very uncomfortable using it.
Got the rods on time, no problems with shipping. Rods appeared to be of good quality. I ordered 2 rods and 1 of them started coming apart the first day I tied to us them. Included pics. The other rod I have used a few times now with no issue, so not sure what's up with the other. Wish I could have gave a better rating but 1 out of 2 being good is not a good ratio for quality.
Too tight to get on. I like zippered style better.
Magnet ratings can be deceptive. 35lbs pull is the strength when in direct contact with the magnet under ideal conditions. That said, I do like this as it works well with a pocket pistol on my bedside. However, it barely holds a full sized stainless steel pistol. You have to factor in the rubber pad and non-ferrous slide as it's attracting the barrel.
For the price, great look & product. Super easy to change the band & it's very comfortable. Would have earned 5 stars, but gave it only 3 because after wearing it in the pool twice, the white started to peel off. Considering the Versa is a waterproof watch, I would have expected the band to hold up & not peel.
Dissatisfied with the fabric of jacket . Feels like paper .
Seems to be as promised, have not used them yet
Product was very effective in providing the necessary support during workout. However, the design placed the stitching right on the inside of arm and elbow led to a level of discomfort and resulted in redness and the development of a rash which led me to discontinue use.
The watch strap was too big for my wrist. With the Golf Buddy Voice 2 on the strap, the Golf Buddy was much too high on my wrist.
It worked well for a while but the brave actually caused my boyfriends appendix to rupture The pressure just build up and caused a big problem instead of relieving the Back pain he has. He doesn't use it anymore because of the ordeal and the doctors recommend to not use it because of that problem
Straw makes a squeaking sound while you are sipping out of the bottle. The first bottle had a broken piece and it made the same noise, got it replaced and new one is doing it also.
It looks nice but it is only facial quality. The rubber tips bend very easily. The wood is cheap wood. And the molly screws broke in my wall and made gigantic holes. So now I have to spackle, paint and redo the whole process which should have been 5 min to do. The molly screws they give are cheap and are WAY too big. Use your own tools for this and you should be fine and it will look nice.
I purchased these pellets before and got them on time BUT for some reason unknown to me I as of right now have not recieved them and this is after I received a notice saying they will be delivered today. I am very disappointed.
The are great for guarding and reducing impact but the Velcro is already coming off both of the middle straps. Idk if I would buy agian for that reason because they are basically useless once those fall off.
Hooks are rusty and not high quality. This is nice if you are building a tackle box for friends or family who you don't want using your nice gear. That's why I bought it. The lures have stickers on them instead of being painted.
Large gloves did not really fit my large-sized hands, but they squeeze on and work well, if tight.
They seem well made. I like the snap in the back makes getting them on kids alot easier and they fit my 6 and 10 year old just fine. I bought 3 pairs 2 for the kids one for me. The bad I don't know if it is the mirror coating or the way the lenses are made but they are quite blurry.
Only had a few weeks and haven't been able to test in hot weather yet. Will let you know when I do.
The Laser worked great however the battery did not last long the came with the product. I would suggest getting extra at the time of order. They are much cheaper on Amazon than your local Walmart or Lowes.
This watch is Unisex, but I would not recommend it for women. But for the women interested in this watch I was still able to make it work, but the band came all the way around and it looked a little bit awkward. It has a bit of a frayed look so you could always cut a bit of the strap off, but it wouldn't look as nice. I am a nurse by trade and I wash my hands a lot for 12 hours a day, 3 days a week so I make it a point to get a watch that is water resistant. That being said it only lasted for about 6 months before it stopped working properly. The clock would randomly stop and I would reset the time and it would work again for several hours but only briefly before it would stop again.
Just received my shipment and just as others have said, the pellets were mixed in the package. I will have to sort them. Other than that everything looks good. I plan on testing for accuracy this weekend.
It is comfortable and easily fits an iPhone 6+. However, when you start sweating condensation builds up in the case and gets moisture on the phone. Definitely a design flaw and a risk I'm not willing to take. Ordered a different brand to replace it.
I bought two of these for two different .50 cal ammo cans. While the drilling part went off without a hitch, these were just a little wide for the pre-drilled hole in the can, so I had to widen it a little on both. Nothing major, but it's something you should be aware of if you're going to buy these.
what can i say, I got what I paid for. price was cheap, so is the rack. It will work for the time being.
This product was good overall with the ability to adjust them on your ankle with little to no pain. However, I paid for the ten pound weights, and got sent the five pound weights, and was not exactly satisfied because at the time when I bought them the ten pound weights had costed about 7 dollars more than the five pound weights. Even though that may not be a lot of money, it is still disappointing to deceive a customer like that.
Pulls on shoulders when horse walks in it.
stitched very poorly. Needed for gift or would have returned it. Hopefully will hold up after a few washes
One totally separated. I tried gluing it back together didn't work.Very pricy for them to just fall apart. Not happy with that.
Will use next season - seems pretty cheaply made.
Really nice pack. Great deal for the price. I bought mine in kryptek, then saw the sage brush camo for sale the next day. I tried to return the kryptek one for the sage but the seller doesn't offer free returns.
It is definitely a classier look if you want to dress it up a little bit, but I found it cumbersome to attach the clasp. I will use it now and then but definitely not my fave!
Going to be real tight if you have a big head
The color has faded. It went from a light pink to a tan color. I wear it in the pool, but I have with all my bands. This is the first where I have seen the color fade.
All different sizes in the package. I could understand if there was a half size deviation between the five rings in the package since the description of the product I purchased said 7.5 to 8. But the size difference is more like 7.5 to 9.5. As a result only two out of the five rings is the proper size. see picture. The rings with a color stripe in the middle are larger. The solid black and solid gray are true sized. From picture of my fingers you can see the rings get progressively bigger.
They could have been a little longer but are comfortable
Look kinda thin. Let's see how long they stay inflated.
Good socks but SMELL horrible upon arrival. After several washings odor has cleared out.
The product is actually amazing just order a size up. I ordered a small and this waist trainer is tiny!!!! I'm trying to work with it but low-key want my money back...
The product was as described and I have no complaints. Delivery and services rendered were great!
The knee brace is supportive it's not bulky like other knee braces I have used in the past the only problem is that it rolls down I would recommend that you order a size bigger
Soft, comfortable and look nice. The one size fits all doesn't fit snuggly and the socks move and start to twist during planking and some reformer moves.
Broke easily but cute
not squishy enough as other brands
Love, love, love the designs! Very pretty! But.... The more you wear them, the more the design erases :(
This item was a gift and I didn't expect it to be shipped in its original box. Very disappointed because my surprise was ruined.
Bought as gift so not sure how it's going
Very stiff open. I'm hoping it will get better with use, but its just short of unusable as it is. Also not very sharp, which is unusual for Kershaw. Don't know that I would buy it again. Good looking knife though.
Wish it was thicker and your ONLY PAYING FOR ONE not TWO
Very colorful and nice quality ,stretch well but didn't wash well at all. After wash string started breaking and headband started loosing shape.
Definitely not meant for the summer and there are no pockets.
Louder than I thought or like.
I honestly wanted these to work, but in the shoes I needed them for they were not suited. They were also a bit difficult to install. I should have researched a bit more, they would be fine for some shoes.
The cap fits completely over my head even when I have braids. However, some water seeps under the cap in the ear area. Not sure if it's due to my braids or it's a result of the product design.
The material and bag itself is nice, but the size was smaller than the average duffle bag
it wouldve been fine but they sent me two "right hand" orientated straps.
To clunky, it felt to heavy for glasses. Would have liked them to have been lighter and to have sealed around the eye which they didn't.
My son really wanted a backpack-style tennis bag. He loved it at first, but we quickly came to realize that the double top-zip style won't stay fully zipped. The zippers sag down on both sides, pulling away from the racquets. Quality seems good, but this is a design flaw.
ETA: InnoGear reached out and offered a refund, which I think is excellent customer service. Finger stitching popped out after a week and I had to mend myself. Velcro wore out after a few months so I tuck the wrists into the hands. I like the gloves, but maybe paying a little more would result in more durability. Now I need a new pair because my stitching is ripping out the fabric. I swim 1.5 miles alternate days.
Nice armband, but it was too large for my arm. I had to return it.
I like it. Works exactly how it should
It is good but the umbrella did not stretch wide enough. In case of any rain may wet the cloth. Only recommend when you use as sunshine.
It's a great fit, but after a few wears the tutu started separating from the leotard. Easy enough to sew back on but still very disappointing.
Ordered to be worn at work. Not the typical polo shirt, more like a t-shirt with a collar. The embroidery is well done, just a little disappointed is the overall material.
The hand grip arrived with the spring missing. i found it in the package.. the retaining pin fell out.. after i repaired the gripper, it does work as designed. you can adjust the tension. i like the 2 smaller grip springs, but it is hard on your hands. after a few minutes of use, the palms of your hands start to hurt due to the pressure. overall this exerciser kit is a good buy and works as designed.
Good product. Could do the same with a plastic glove.
material is fine, but the stitching wouldn't let it stretch properly.
Great as far as brightness for such a little light but feel like I'm always tapping it to get it to turn on. When it work it's great.
This the is second style I ordered..the first from another company was too bulky for me, so my husband is going to use them. This set fits well, easy to put on, but are too light on my wrists for water aerobics. Ok for out of water, but does not serve my intended purpose. I may need the next weight size and have to use 2 sets.
Magnified fine, but I can't get a good placement for this to be useable. I'm guessing it's just the way I sit, but I find it difficult to use.
I gave this a 3 star rating simply because it was the wrong size and I had to send it back.
Great set of knives. Delivery sucked UPS left them on my mail box flag a mile from my house where anyone could take them. You should find a different carrier
Can't get fingerprint feature working. Still trying. Might get my son to help.
This thing isn't waterproof and it's very heavy.. probably not the best choice for normal fishing... If your typical fish is less than #100 then you should go much lighter. -2 Stars for weight
the size was good for carrying stuff to the range the holders for the pistol magazines were way to small. the large ones may be for rifle magazines.
Meh....good enough but the black ones last sooo much longer
Does help me anymore than the $14 Ace knee support, for meniscus pain
works well they are a bit on the heavy/full side though
sturdy holster however now after some use, the gun has zero retention. This is common with leather holsters as the material expands, but i was not aware how much it was going to slack up.
In the reference picture the wrist bands appear larger than they really are.
Nice knife the button is hard to push though at least harder than my ither kershaw.
I think it is narrow for some fingers
Many Peloton owners will probably disagree with me but I don't find this to be all that great, at least not for the price. It's actually kind of cheap feeling although I'll admit it would be awful if it were too thick too. It does the job but I find myself just putting a hand towel over the handles as needed but most of the time I prefer to put my hands directly on the handles. I sweat a lot from my face & head so it's not like this doesn't help when I'm out of the saddle but for over $40 it's really not worth it in my opinion. I'd probably have less regrets if I'd only paid about $20 for it.
Product was great...while it lasted. After a month of use about 3-4 times a week the Velcro stitching attachment frayed and started coming apart. I reinforced it myself but I expected it to be a little more durable.
Wasn't expecting it to be so small
I love the band. Its beautiful. But it only lasted 3 months. The band part came apart so I'm back to my ugly rubber one until I get a replacement. Not sure it's worth the cost of ordering 4 times per year.
I like the Rose Gold band better then the black plastic one that came with my fitbit. It's much dresser looking for going out. The magnetic clasp is nice.
Just an average foam back roller, doesnt really get into the muscles as much as I would like
Not recommend. Definitely not worth it. Definitely did not worth the list price.
They do not fog, but they leak.
I had to stretch it out so it'd fit. I ordered my normal size. Otherwise, I like it.
The magnetic closure is a neat concept. However, I was not fond of the brassy shade of gold for the band I ordered. It actually is a bit different in person than in the photo. Maybe some of the other color options are wonderful. I just was disappointed in the gold.
What a joke. It is advertised as a "sports bra with built-in bra" But the 2 colors I ordered are basically just crop top halter tops with a thin layer of extra fabric around the boobs. And the packaging comes with 2 random chest pads -- except there are no "pockets" in the non-bra to under these into. So while theoretically you could just stuff random fold pads under a halter top shirt, they are likely to move around and fall down and out... If you just need a halter top then this might work for you. But not if you're expecting a built-in bra
The paint on the plastic buckle started wearing off after a few days. The strap fit my versa watch.
Not sure how i feel about my gun smelling like mint!
Mine kept fogging, within moments of putting them on every time. I followed the instructions. I couldn't see anything out of them, my view was a lot like the "others" in the photo and not the clear view shown in the photo. They kept water out, but they were all foggy constantly.
Works if you need to make ahead. Doesn't save time it's probably faster to refill billions individually.
Seems alright, don't know how long it will last. It does the job and does it okay. Some parts of the stitching are already coming undone so I'm probably gonna have to fix this. For what you pay and what you get it seems like it should be a few bucks cheaper
These gloves are soft and comfortable, but when I wore them outside in 35 degree weather, my fingers were cold immediately! Very disappointed that they didn't seem to repel the cold at all.
It's a nice hat but not even close to being big enough to fit. I do have a large noggin but I have a lot of hats and most will fit. I'll give this to my grandson.
The bag itself is nice and serves my purpose though when I got the bag they sent me a nike strap instead of the adidas one. So a little disappointed
The floor side is hard plastic which will scratch wood floors. These may work on carpet but should not be used if you have wood floors.
I searched for a fit watch for a small wrist, it is really big for my wrist and quite annoying. Also it has military time. I do not know military time. I really should send it back
Well made; however, heavy and zippered case doesn't work properly.
Loved the color as shown. But one piece was securing my watch as it should
Most darts were not straight. I tried to email the company, but email kept coming back undeliverable.
They're pretty good. I wish they were longer. I imagine they would be perfect for someone 5'10” or shorter.
Like the sling paracord configuration but, won't work on my AR-15 without making sling attachment adaptions, not a big deal, just more things to change
Ok watch. Seems accurate. Fell apart after weeks.
At first, this product was great. Shipped quickly, everything was intact, worked as advertised. I used it for two and a half weeks without issue. That said... I was using the ab stimulator one morning on a lower setting (I believe level 2 or 3), and the device malfunctioned and shocked me VERY hard... enough for me to tear it off my stomach immediately and yell. This was not the normal escalation of pulse strength. It HURT. I have not used it since, but I have examined the device, and everything seems to look fine. Nothing is visibly broken, the electrodes are still in good shape, and when I'm not using the device, it is kept in the box on a shelf where no one can knock it off, drop it, spill stuff on it, or otherwise damage it. When this happened, the electrodes were stuck firmly to my skin, there was no gap, I wasn't doing anything that could possibly cause it to misfire (no electronics were around me, I wasn't on the phone, I wasn't in contact with any water or anything). I was sitting in a wooden chair talking to my fiance. I believe this was caused by something not working right with the device.
Size indicated on tag may reflect to persons of smaller frame. Actual fit 2 or 3 size smaller. It is a warm fleece. I'll have to use as a shirt not a jacket.
For 1/4 the price of an authentic Apple Watch band, this is a great product. The fitment is only slightly looser than the OEM Apple one, which also has a slight fitment issue.
The face gets really dirty and I could not get it clean
It was a great price but you can get waaayy better ones for a few extra bucks. It supplies minimal support and you have to adjust the splint quite often.I use it when I plan on moving around a lot because its less restricted than other braces.
I like this product because I can fit a lot more than I initially thought. I put a CAT tourniquet, Israeli bandage, Quick Clot Gauze, hand warmers, medical shears, medical gloves, small pack of sterile gauze, a small ace wrap, two rolls of medical tape, triangle bandage, space blanket, Sharpie, pen, CPR mask with instructions, one large roll of 6 ply gauze, and self adhesive wrap. Excellent IFAK. Which can be used for other purposes. ONE PROBLEM: The snaps are not tight enough!! My IFAK literally fell OFF. Luckily I noticed it. Have a lot of expensive supplies in there. Now I have to secure it with D Rings. I'd rather buy a new pouch!!
Run too big. Ordered medium but its large size. Never had medium size runs this big. I had to see in quarter of an inch to make it like true medium.
Returned it. If you have large legs then this will just roll down as soon as you put it on.
I bought the pillow and extra pillowcases for my mother to avoid pressure on her ears and the only reason I rate a 3 and not a 5 is because the opening for the ear in my opinion should be a tad bigger also the fiberfill should be of better quality. I don't like the way it breaks apart after washing the pillow.
The ball appears to be durable but the pump is tedious. It is a plastic hand pump and it is difficult to pup enough air to make it full and then quickly remove the pump and insert the stopper. An electric pump would be better. Also the ball immediately begins to deflate once the pup is removed. I gave it 3 stars for durability. I have not been able to use it because it is not full of enough air.
The helmet is too deep... I had to put 4" foam on the top of my head in order to see out of the lenses.... also the back of the head is exposed (this isn't such a big deal I've never been hit in the back of the head with a paintball... perhaps it's better that way so that I can push my shoulders up and the helmet doesn't get in the way). I love that this is a full face/ head helmet the paintballs hit my head and I can't feel anything! -Jen
These bands are horrible to break in. They hardly have any give to them. The larger of the 3, I have no idea what to even do with it cause it just falls off my legs wherever it is, even in a squat. The material is nice and sturdy and durable. But they need to not be so tight!
It was an awesome product until i started to hit anything other than my driver. As soon as I started to hit my long irons the mat got torn up and even after I glued it down several times it jut got worse and worse. Now it's almost unusable after only 2 weeks of using it every other day if that for 30 minutes
Bought this for my 7 year old, she has not used it that much since we purchased. Now that she is back in school she started using it everyday and the tab to open and close the part you drink from has broken off. It has made it difficult to use, but is still useable. Don't think this should have happened in such a short period of time since purchased.
I recieved it a few days quicker then expected, so that was great, but it is smaller then i expected.
The game is fun! I have only one issue and one of them can't stay up. It keeps going limp
The picture shows 4 different colors and I only got 4 green and 4 yellow.
The plastic will give a little bit, so if this is installed on the floor of your boat it WILL bend in slightly if stepped on, so be careful not to put any pressure on it. Other than that the fit and look is nice.
Good little set of darts for tossing around. Like the aluminum shafts. not bad dart for the price. gives the people over something to toss.
Not worn that much but you can already see that its started in to fad, lose color, and fraying.
Likes: Easy to use right out of the box. -Comfortable wristband. -Super long battery life lasted for days before recharge. -Accurate step counter and ok HR monitor. Dislikes: -Instructions were difficult to follow with poor English. -Some grammatical errors in the app make it difficult to think of it as a high quality product. -HR sensor is not as accurate when compared to my two other fitness devices or self-checking of my pulse but it isn't far off, maybe 10 bpm max. - not sensitive enough to turn on when I lifted my wrist, causing me to have to manually press on it to light up -I wish the back light stayed on longer or there is a way to adjust how long it stays on. Overall, for the price it's fine. I still don't myself using my other fitness bands more.
Support is very bulky try to snuggle up but hurts top of foot in your bone not sure if it's the best design because as you pull tight it pulls around just in front of the arch and top of foot, that's where I feel the pain. If I keep it to lose it doesn't have enough support.
Decent for the cost. Not very user friendly to set up and there weren't very good directions included with the product. I question the accuracy of the blood pressure or how it even measures blood pressure but it's always quite a bit lower than when I do manual BP readings. Also, the sleep tracker always doubled my sleep time every other day (recorded as 14 hours of sleep when I only got 7 hours). Heart rate tracker seems pretty good so it's good for that if that's all you need, but I stopped using the product after 2 weeks because it was pointless if it was going to give me a bunch of inaccurate numbers for the other measurements.
Decent rod bag for the price. There is no support in bag , and fabric is thin. I keep 4 rods in the three compartments.
Very small, but looks good with other decor
Takes 8 years to see an answer
low quality to compare with the walker muffs ! but there is only $10 difference! buy walker!
Thank you for sending the product. It is pretty cool and does what it says, still a bit unclear as to use of the applications. The instructions are not very clear. Do we use the sticky already on the product until they no longer hold then add the separate jell sticky when they wear out. ? THis is still a puzzle.
I thought I bought the same ones, the picture looked the same, but the nose bridge on these are too small for me and no way to adjust, so they hurt a bit.
Attaches easily to the cart. Had to tighten knobs mid-way through first round, but checking periodically is not that big of a deal. Had to reattach the block inside tube that presses against the umbrella handle to hold it still.
Seems solid I have not had a chance to take this out yet. It's on the heavy side and is not sharp out of the box.
Bought these shoes for my dads birthday, just arrived today and we noticed they are different sizes.. other then that my dad likes them
I was not able to get it to work. I am sending it back
I have several belts that I have used for CCW. Here are some bullets of my experience with this one: 1. Fairly thick 2. Stiff (not necessarily in a good way) 3. Edges are not finished (raw leather) 4. Retains wear memory. Belt now has a permanent bend at point of buckle. I have a bridle leather belt from a different craftsman and while it cost approx. $15 more, is definitely worth it. Unfortunately , bridle leather in this brand is about $35+ more expensive. All I can say is do your homework and compare features and value.
Is this supposed to come with batteries?
They were not large enough to fit my calves.
Bought for my daughter who is a division one college athlete and suffers from planters fascists. They are comfortable but unfortunately offered little to no help with pain or discomfort.
Thought it would be more versatile. Could wear out, but not very attractive.
Arrived on time and in good condition, however, there was no packing material in the box (so the scope could bounce around in its box), and the silica pack broke open and covered the scope in a sun-like substance, which scratched the lens caps... still a decent scope for airsoft. Note that this is a fixed 4x lens.
My husband likes this light very much. However he says it does not have the red/green led light to tell you if it is charging or charged as is advertised. That is why he will only give it a three rating.
Wish they would have given dimensions and some way of comparing its size.
I took a chance on these as they were very inexpensive... Compared to other dart sets I own (steel tip Viper and Fat Cat-- also very reasonably priced) these are below average construction. The soft tips are already bent from pop outs in the first day of use. I am sticking with steel tip darts and will only purchase higher quality darts when they are on discount here at amazon... I do like the color scheme and look of these, but again not worth it as they will need to be replaced. In addition the shafts come loose easily as well. Look elsewhere to spend your 10 bucks... these are not worth half of that.
The threading inside the bars is flawed, preventing the bars from being joined without a lot of unnecessary effort. The holes for the bolts are not threaded wide enough either. Had to widen with my electric drill. Mine has marks all over the black painted bars as if it were used already; specifically where the 4 not slip pads should go having paint scraped off at the time of unboxing. Disappointing but after a few alterations, will work as intended.
I love, and use all LEM products it this thing is definitely good quality but NOT non stick
Not sure if it works as you need more than this to do exercise. But what the heck..at least you can say you worked out HAHAHA.
So, my son wanted an orange sports band. I saw these & the quality looked good and so did the price. When it arrived we were so disappointed to see that they're white polka dots not breathing holes. It looks very girly & he did not wish to wear it. Biggest bummer is that they want over $5 to return it so we'd only get a few cent credit. Appears I've just been forced to keep an item we won't use. It is small enough that it could be returned via USPS at a very low cost.
it's very easy to set up and use
Well stitched and put together, likely would do better on single stack guns honestly.
It's smaller than other chamber flags and falls out easily. Used it in my AR
The slouchy style is too big for my head so I have to fold it over the band twice to keep it on my head.
Nice lil' blind, But not as tight as a tent. I returned the first one because of a hole the size of a pencil on the roof and a lot of smaller holes visible from inside the blind. My replacement came in and it also has the smaller holes on the roof and around the Window/Door zippers. Alow boy chair is required.
Super cool, but very small. Wouldn't fit either of my boys wrists.
All the different viewing modes and I still can't get the weather, time, AND date on the same screen. The auto sensor to view doesn't work 2/3rds of the time. I can't just look at time like a watch, I have to tap it.
The racket black paint came of easily I don't know why, the ball was small but that's fine but it did looked used I saw a stain on it but the problem is the net no warning signs about the black string on the net how am I supposed to even it out if it's stuck deep inside it's pretty much useless now right? I checked on YouTube if I can fix it no video I can find, the instructions were not very good no pictures be careful with this problem now I need to find to a way to fix this if anyone can help me let me know
Cute but way too small...
fit was to small for my 11 year old son he only wears a 5 in kids?
Well built, great for lat pulls, my only complaints are that the seat should've been a bit longer and don't try to do a standing curl with the bottom cable or you'll flip the entire unit over lol.
Pocket a little small for wallet.
Product was larger than appearance in picture. Stuck out from end of rifle a fair bit. Quality is fine for price. There are better options available. Don't get if you need tactility
It's a nice sock, but it only has light compression and is made of thin material. It's not exactly what I was looking for. I wear size 9 shoe and I ordered a medium, which seems to fit fine.
It is silicone so it expands over time
Its looks nice but the size chart was wrong so it's too small:(
These are cute but not durable at all.
Well, I really like the helmet but have issues. The box that is supposed to include the charger, cord, and instructions was not included when the helmet arrived.. The battery was, for some reason, already installed in the helmet. The battery does not work/charge.. Contacted support and they want to send me a new battery from CHINA which takes 20 days.... No batteries in the states?? Hope it gets resolved soon since I forked out $200 for a helmet that I can't use all of the functions..
The coloring on the hat isn't as noticeable as it is in the picture. The gray portions shown in the picture aren't nearly as light in person. It is almost hard to tell that it even has a design.
one of the rings came off, and had to glue it.....and then if came off again ! this time, I took it out by cutting it......
i ordered 4 10lb weights and only 3 arrived
I liked this product, they fit nicely. and have ordered 3 times. But I finally gave up. After 30 some times of usage, the back of the suit where the butt is will thin out, leaving a see through “butt view”. I sit around for like 15 min after swimming. Maybe that caused it as buttocks flexes and stretch the fabric.
Runs very small in size
like the color, but it doesn't fit as well as the original band that came with the fitbit
I've had the knife a few months. Works good but I previously had the 7.5" knife. Lost it and ordered the 6" thinking it was a 7".
This is pretty low quality. Basically adequate, but a let down. Everything is hollow plastic. The wheel diameter is fairly small, which limits its use and comfort. Good toy for my kid though.
The SF Express is worse
The picture on Amazon shows 4 bottles. Only two came on delivery. Kinda confusing. Thought the price was right for the amount but high for only 2 bottles.
Good looking knife, but not a sharp blade and fell apart without being used very often. In all fairness we purchased in December of 2016, but the knife has barely been used and we are disappointed that it fell apart.
I'm a guy that sweats a little more than average, considerably more than any woman. I like the pattern, and it's way less slick than the cheaper Manduka towel. But I prefer using no mat at all, unless it's so hot that I have really big puddles. I prefer a naked Lululemon mat for hot yoga, with a hand towel to wipe up a moderate amount of sweat throughout. But I do pull this out on those really heavy flow days we guys have. Either way, by the time we get to full wheel I don't have enough grip--with our without this yoga towel.
Somewhat small....Tal;ks about up to a 50 fit...not so...
I used this sleeve to give me support for my achilles tendonitis when I play basketball. I usually use KT tape and wear Nike elite socks which gives me a decent amount of support, but the sleeve was a good addition. Then compression was not as tight as I expected especially since I wore the sleeve over my socks. If it was a little bit tighter I would have given it 4 stars but it wasn't too bulky and I had decent range of movement with it on.
The fly mask is very cute on my donkeys, but the top ripped apart and kept losing the masks. The material kept pulling apart, so if you are looking to get a photo with these on...great, but as a fly mask..don't waste your money.
These socks are way too tight in the thigh area. I have to fold them down all the way over my ankles to wear these socks.
Rips off very painfully
Well made. Lots of pockets and secure places for cards. Well thought out design except that the paper currency section is not made for U.S. money. The opening for the paper money pocket is 3/8" too short to accommodate paper bills . This makes for a struggle at the check stand putting money away without just crunching it in and straightening it out at a later time.
Socks are thick and comfortable. No shows they are not. They're above the ankle so unless you're wearing high tops or boots, the socks are visible.
Does not track the right days of the week. Will be Sunday, but says it's monday on the app. Some days it will not even save any data, just show a white dot on that day. Recently the time keeps on being wrong. I guess you get what you pay for.
Easy to use with variable light to moderate resistance. The major drawback I've found is that the steel cable connecting the handle to the resistance unit will weaken over time and begin to fail. This is my second one and like the first, has only lasted a little less than two years (warranty period). Unfortunately, I will have to shop for a more durable alternative.
The puller does what is says, BUT the gaps in the collet allows powder to fly out. I am not a fan of showering gun powder everywhere. Seems like a silly over sight that could be easily fixed.
Not Machined the same as the Top Plate although the picture show's it to be the same and cost's more $$$.
The band is very attractive and comfortable with my Charge 2. You must factor into the cost that it will last less than 3 months before the finish wears and becomes worn, black and unattractive.
the underside of the flex band where you put the tracker is uncomfortable for me. it feels like its digging into my wrist and cutting it
I was hoping for a little more compression. They are so a little short, falling down slightly.
I ordered a bag of 1,000 but only received half that. Needless to say I am quite disappointed.
Break very easy when lacing them. Works good after that
Buckle closure works best for me.
Ok - not as firm on the sides as I needed but good fabric - warm.
It's a good knife for the price. The handle is so wide it's humorous. The grind edge on mine was all over the place. Thin then wide and thin again. The quality of these knives use to be better. Maybe I just got a factory second.
Not as wide as I would have liked.
a bit tight around the ankles I got big legs
They look ok and are cheap. One of the laces keeps popping out of the eyelet on my shoe when I put it on, which when it happens is more of a hassle than tying normal laces. I am generally happy with them though.
Great dartboard but the description says it comes with darts. My order just arrived without any darts - order was incomplete.
Well made, lightweight and comfortable to wear. However, I did not like the lenses. I seemed to get a glare and I felt like I was in a bubble.
I have a large phone (Google Pixel 2 XL) and there are so many running belts on the market that really only fit smaller iPhones. The good news is that this running belt fits my phone, even though it is a somewhat snug fit. The bad news is that it does bounce with a water bottle while running. The water bottle gets in the way of your arms, too. I'm going to experiment with different positions because I really want this to work, but I think I'm just going to have to suffer with either holding the belt stable while I run or just going back to holding the bottle in my hand. There are other belts on the market that might work well with the water bottle but unfortunately I don't want to buy an iPhone just so it will fit in a running belt.
I love the band itself, love the way it looks with the versa. The only feedback I have is that the metal part lost a lot of the color so once some of that fades it makes it look kind of cheap, but as far as how it looks other than that I love it!
My husband spent a little more money on this net than some other choices. But we were disappointed by the quality. It didn't seem more heavy-weighted netting and the knots nearest to the rim came undone (the net was not installed and I think one of my kids grabbed it but the knots slip out easily) and so we had to re-tied knots). Clearly that is not easily done. We couldn't figure out the type of knot they used in the first place.
Bought three at once. The color is a little more brown that the Amazon photo, but that's okay for where I intend to use it. The material is thin, but that is okay for a summer shirt with long sleeves. Not bad camo pattern. Problems: (1) the wrist is very tight and keeps the sleeves from breathing in warm weather. I will have to chop these off to wear it in heat. (2) The shirt is very much too small for what Americans would consider to be XL. I think it would be a snug Medium. I wish I had not bought these shirts, but will work with what I got. The price is not too bad, but . . .
Not bad if you bend to much it will move lower and it will be uncomfortable
They had 2 scratches in the outside. I returned them
For some reason, I bought these to ride my bike with in the cold. They suck for that. Not bad for just walking around, though. I didn't know they were touchscreen compatible til I saw the description again, so I can't comment on how well they work on a cellphone.
Does as the title says.
Clearly I haven't tested this ON someone. But it's certainly bright and loud. However I've never seen a lipstick this large LOL! It's twice as big than I expected. I would return it but it's a gift for someone so I don't have time to replace it. Bought myself a smaller one
The whiteboard worked great, but I've never seen a clip as cheap as this one.
Ok arrows for target practice only! the nocks keep falling off when you shoot but considering the price and the quantity there fine
Was putting it on my wall when one of the plastic cue holders broke, why is eveything so cheap!!!!!! Chipper
I don't like the residue it leaves when it dries up. And the bottle says may cause cancer, so I feel a little uneasy when I get some of it on my hands.
Not "sticky" like advertised. Its just a holster you tuck into your waistband. You'd have to wear well fitting jeans for this to work
Nice mat and comfortable but very slippery. Had a rough time at hot yoga because of it.
Not a bad loader, but not a great loader. Works well and is a good value.
I found that the holes are not clear in many of these, its a pita to get braid through them.
Quality not as I expected, you can tell it's not an original adidas jersey but I guess, ok for the price. I decided to return it. My son didn't care because he loved the bag and the key chain that came with it too but I returned it anyway.
I loved this band but it broke within a month!
The looped fabric ring to hold the weight of the strap does not work efficiently, and will tear when holding excess weight. I would advise another bag.
This would be ideal if it had all of it's parts. I'm missing the wing nut that connects the glass to the base.
Very cheaply made. However it is also inexpensive. I added a wood base and it works great. So would recommend if you are will to can make a few changes.
velcro on the belt not holding
Easy to carry and inflate, but the cover keeps my head sliding around. I need to put on cotton cloth ( like the Tower), so my head feel more stable and I can sleep well.
Ball is great, but pump and tool to remove plugs are both crap. Glad we got two different brands at the same time, as the pump and tool for the UrbnFit ball are far superior.
Worked great until the weighted end of the club came flying off about breaking a window on my house!! Returning. Bummer!!
They run large and are fairly mild compression. They are also very long. I am sure they are perfect for taller people looking for a roomy foot fit with mild - med compression.
Seemed to function ok on my 17 HMR. Wasn't as clear as I'd hoped for, but what do you expect for the price? It did the job I needed it to do at the time.
The cover is generally quite good. The flap is secured magnetically, however, and the strength of its hold seems weak and subject to failure. With a stronger magnetic closure, I would have given it another star or two.
Works as expected. Requires adding a couple of short pieces of hooked velcro to make it function properly.
Works good but would be better if not so bulky in the front
Very nice but mine did not come with a lid! What's up with that?
to pricey for what they are.
Like the product so far. Time will tell. Seller not so much. They resolved the problem quickly when Amazon people got involved. Would not buy from any overseas seller again if I can get the product in U S.
The wrist band itself is very stiff, struggled a little to apply it to my Fitbit. This also runs large
Bigger than expected. Wanted for school plays, concerts, and civic center events. Not the quality expected, either. Husband took them for the job site.
I ordered a small...fits pretty nicely around the calf, but the heel of the sock sits at my ankle. I am a shoe size 6.5-7
I like the look of these, they are reasonably easy to put on, and they don't strangle your calf. However they provide less support/compression than I was expecting (when I compare them to other compression socks I have purchased)
Easy to get on however one of them developed a home the 3 use at the lake. It was in the seam.
I ordered one of these last year seeking an inexpensive option for face cover for biking and being on the water, and this was perfect! This time I ordered two, and was pretty disappointed. They're both very loose and fall right down when you pull them up.
This is extra heavy, thick, high density lead tape. But the tape part, the sticky part, is not sticky enough. It's too gooey and is not good for golf clubs, also because of its thickness.
These ear muffs wore out after about one year. The wires inside the muffs started to poke through the soft material - dangerous. I would not recommend these ear muffs.
Very cheaply made the side rings are to big and it slides around
I ordered the s/m for my 6 yr. old but it was too big. For reference, she is an average size girl. Have to return.
I use 3/8 clay shot and only get about 30 shots per pouch. I love pocket shot , but you have to realize that you will go through a lot of these pouches.
A little on the the thick side, so it seems conductivity is reduced when compared to thinner pads I've purchased.
I like these except for the waist. The waist keeps rolling down. That makes a great pair of leggings really hard to enjoy.
After a couple months of use it has come apart in some places which has created larger holes. I'm using this as a cover over a rabbit pen. I don't believe there has been any predators mess with it, just coming apart in places. It is also very heavy IMO. Which I suppose is a good thing but for my application weights down the sides of the pen - just pertains to my situation. Otherwise it is a good net but I may get something else next time if I need to replace.
If I used this for larger items, it might not be a problem (although I can't think of any items is store in here due to the awkward shape and the divider size) so I'll give it a 3. This item is NOT good for hair products like rubber bands, ties, or bobby pins as they all get mixed up if container is turned upside down. I wanted so much to love this. It's sturdy, cute and caboodles.
However I didn't realize I was going to be buying a piece of sand paper and sticking it to my gun. Works great just didn't like the extreme toughness of it.
Very cute but the sipper should have some type of clasp at the top so it doesnt keep sliding down
Fit my Fitbit perfectly and very easy to change out. The only problem is when they get dirty, I can't seem to get them clean...the only reason for three stars.
These bands seemed great when we first received them and I probably would've left a 5 star review had I reviewed right away. BUT as I've had time to wear different bands in the collection I bought I've found two that were missing a metal piece that makes the band actually attach to the fitbit making them completely useless. Also, the buckle part of each one starts to have the color chip off after just a couple of days. I've attached photos to show each thing that made me drop a star.
Feels like tissue paper and I'd rather the mesh be on the bottom so it can drain instead.
These are fairly solidly built, and I don't think anything will snap off under pressure. But the preciseness of build that would make them work really well is a little lacking. For example, adjusting the nut that allows the rod holder to swivel on the mount bracket is difficult, so it's hard to stop the holder from swiveling under pressure. And the bracket's grip on my wooden canoe thwart is not very strong, so I keep a close eye on my rod in the holder when I paddle in case my lone gets snagged as that might pull the holder off the mounting location. I would not trust this to hold an expensive rod while trolling with a motor, but it's been OK for paddling applications. Name-brand rod holders like Scotty have better attention to detail, and it shows in the usability.
Attractive cooler, but it DOES NOT keep things cool for 24 hours. Neither ice nor freezer paks can stay cold for a few innings at the ballpark, let alone 24 hours.
Band is too big. Let's my Fitbit flop around on my wrist. I ordered a small. Believe me, it wasn't small.
Great if you reload jacketed Bullets , just wish it had more load data for lead reloading.
Not what I expected after a period of time it rolls down on the knee other than that it is great
I like just about everything about these-except the smell. I have had them for about a month and they are still off-gassing. I like that the rubber makes less noise and doesn't harm the floor if I bump it, but the smell is very annoying and doesn't seem very healthy to breath while exercising.
Very cheap and had a lot of sharp left over metal on the steps will not buy again. But they do work, also the weld job is questionable
I'm not impressed with the quality at all. Seems like something that a vendor would give away. However, my daughter is the one who plays tennis and she picked it out.
Only gave 3 stars for a few reasons. The case is extremely hard to take off, which would be fine because it's seems like a very good and protective case. The problem is the charger does now fit, and I could not possibly open it every time I need to charge it. Disappointed by this but It does seem to do the job if it was usable.
It keeps water warm for good amount of point but came out as damaged. :(
I like the look of the band but there is a snag in the material and it constantly scratches my wrists so I stopped wearing it :(
Mine had the Stitching coming out
The box was in horrible shape 2 parts were not cut to right length an the same 2 pieces had the holes punched 90 degrees off so i had to drill the hole my self to finish putting it together, very hard to put to together it takes two people. other than that its on the tree and works.
Took a chance and bought this for my run commute to work. The backpack itself felt sturdy but unfortunately the shoulder straps rubbed badly on my collar bone and left a few chafe scabs. The chest strap also doesn't stay in the spot you put it and constantly slides back up. Returned and decided to try the Osprey daylite pack.
Construction good but I'm not a fan of the drag or lack of. Good beginner reel. No frills very basic.
Bought this for cleaning an AR15, but it's too small, had to return.
Would be a 5 if the coloring did not start to wear off after a week. Love it though.
Lights work great and easy to use; however, they sit on top of the hole and don't mount securely. They create a lip which could affect the game, and decrease the size of the hole by pretty close to a half inch in diameter.
Two of the brass punches are a bend in them but I will keep because I think they will still work. Should have had quality control before being boxed in China.
Tee tops come off too easy and the tees are so heavy they actually fly too far after the hit. Purple is very hard to find in green grass for some reason.
The top rubber mouth piece gets mold under it. Make sure to remove this before washing.
Well I received the seat and I really likes the feel of it over my old seat so that is a good thing. It did however come without any instructions that tell you about the operation of the light. I am still waiting to hear what I need to trouble shoot it or get it replaced. Other than that the seat is very nice and my husband is thinking about getting one for his mountain bike depending on how things go with the light issue.
Haven't used yet. Looks okay.
Pay attention to the measurements as the sizing was confusing. We returned and got ones with ankle protection.
I bought this for my dad, and measured him correctly, but the pair we received ended up not having any compression. Since he wore them we couldn't exchange for a different pair.
Good knife, awful sheath. The knife itself is good, but the sheath is just basically useless. Okay as a kitchen knife or letter opener but not a edc knife in anyway. My girlfriend keeps it on her purse and she likes it, so for the money it could be worse, but highly disappointed in the sheath
Thicker than expected and the fabric is runny but overall it's pretty good.
Their as described with the rechargable battery the charger ECT the only thing it didn't come with is a shim to put on the flashlight so where the bracket will actually hold the flashlight I am a little distraught by this because I don't know where to find it
I like the 3 set piece with the sheath. But is this suppose to be used? Bc mine looked like it was and it was dull couldn't even cut through an envelope properly like a sharp knife should be able to glide and the handles where damaged had scratches all over the wood and a dent or two overall I would still buy this item just wish it was sharp and actually looked new like the description says it is and not used.
it's a beautiful addition to my blaze bands. Feminine. Light. Very nice
Works, but I hit a chain with my weed whacker and it broke. I would have assumed it would be stronger
My husband wouldn't even give these one star... he things they are the worst. But he laughed when I purchased them in the first place because they were under $15. He is used to his powerbeats and needs good quality. I honestly just wanted something easy I could use when I have to lay in my kids' bedroom while they fall asleep (so I can secretly watch a show on my phone...ha!). Or I use it when I'm on the treadmill with music or watching shows on my ipad. I wasn't looking for quality, so for me, they do the job just fine. But I really don't listen to a lot of music on them.
This was really cute but it was scratchy and the bits that touched my skin made it uncomfortable. Too bad it was so cute.
Looks nice but difficult to slide beads to tighten by yourself. Every time I needed to charge I have to ask some to take it off and on for me
This item arrived early, but did have some dents. Other than that, it works perfectly. I actually bought to fill in places on my vape mod where the paint chipped away.
The quality of the fabric was great but the plastic ring around the base broke on the 2nd time opening it. Also, the folding layout was difficult to work, requiring extra time to close and wrap. No button to open so that required extra effort in making sure it was opened correctly with the bi-fold style. Needs more attention to the mechanics.
Definitely order multiples in order to find 1 that may work. Out of 2, 1 was decent enough to use but the other is pretty much worthless since any real tension on it causes it to detach.
The storage box that arrived has only three separate areas, not up to four as listed. It appears that the model may have been changed, and now the box can only be divided into three sections not four. The box arrived with a squished top, it appears something heavy been left on top of the box. I believe that with the separators in place the top will straighten out eventually. Hopefully it will not effect the water tight integrity?
My 3rd set of gloves because I wore out the last 2. I have had it now for several months. This one, however, did not fit as well nor as soft. It was also a lot more harder to take on and off. Hopefully over time it will soften up.
Product is small and strap made for attaching to molle panel could be better.
Nice sock but I need more compression. Sent them back.
Good value for the money. There is some wobble but overall it has been a good purchase so far.
I'll keep the hat, but it's not what I expected or really wanted. The body of the hat is, indeed, unstructured but the brim is not in the least soft. Instead, it is a stiff material which is sewn in three separate pieces so that the bill can be folded.
Not good as expected.It is not strong for fishing
Came similar to the photo but not the same. I wanted the decal with the heart on Tampa, but instead got a decal with a helmet on Tampa....
The bands started off good, then the metal latch on the band fell off without any hard use. I put on another band and the same thing happened. I have been using the grey band now for a while and it has been okay. I gave it 3 stars only because they gave me so many bands. All I have left is the bright colors.
I bought this product almost a year ago and the band broke! Is there a warranty for the band?
I ordered the charcoal first and LOVE them! They became my favorite pair immediately. I ordered 2 more pairs and am returning them both. ☹️ I wrongly assumed they'd be the same, just a different color. They are not. The other colors don't have cotton and I hate the feel of the material. They are more spandex and polyester instead. Would have a pair in every color if they were all like charcoal. Glad I bought the charcoal first or I would have returned them and never gone back. Wish more of the colors were the same material make up as the charcoal pair. Would be a 4 or 5 star review if so.
I like this ball because I can glide it in my hands and evenly spread chalk on my hand without making a mess. BUT I prefer chalk blocks or traditional chalk jars. I've done strongman and powerlifting comps so I've been using chalk for a while and I don't feel like my grip is improved as much with this product as it is when I use the typical Climbing chalk I get. I know I could just fill this bag with the one I use but I paid for this product bc it already came with the chalk, so that knocks down the value.
Well made cover that fit well. Elastic bungie type bolt is strong and durable. Strong straps and buckles. Polyester fabric survived almost two years in the tropic sun of the Florida Keys.
We use this all the time to practice on , durable material, and easy to move around.
I thought this was super cute, but as far as keeping my hair dry, it fell short. I had bought because I dye my hair purple and didn't want it to fade in the water. Also after wearing it only twice, I did have 1 flower fall off. As far as how it looks, I loved it, but I just wish it kept my hair dry.
This kit does have almost everything in it but the issues that I have found is that nothing in it is labeled and unless you are way better than I am at looking at a brush and knowing exactly what caliber it is you will have to try 2 or 3 before you find the correct one. Also the items are of cheap quality, the very first time I used one of the patch loops it broke. I have multiple firearms and was wanting an all inclusive kit but I will just buy individual, higher quality pieces from here on out. It is everything as described, I just guess that my expectations were higher.
They are tight on my toes and slipped off while doing yoga. I took them off before finishing the class. I will try them again at barre class. I wear a size 11 shoe. I ordered the large size of the sock.
The black pair starting pilling after the first wear. I wouldn't buy them again. Disappointing to say the least.
I wear a 9.5 but I have a little fatter leg. I got the one that says is for my size and my foot fell asleep they are to tight above the ankle and below the ankle.
the supporting d ring set up is not that strong
The first time it was used the back of the seat bent. I bought 2 of them the other one is fine, so not sure what bent on the first one have not look to see that happened to it.
could be better but I like them.
The tips themselves appear to be usable but the packer needs to go to Packing 101. One tip was in the plastic cover but taped to the cardboard, the second didn't even have the plastic cover. It was loose in the box, below one of the box flaps and getting ready to exit the box. It would have been lost. Interesting there was not an option to Leave Seller Feedback. Seller was Amazon Services.
Okay tool overall. Needs more grip on the handles and belt clips, rather than a belt loop, on the case. I ended up using plasti-dip to create more grip. Worked pretty well.
My wife was just trying one of the bands(the light pink one) for resistance and it ripped. Didn't even get to actually use it.
This is very handy to have at the beach. One of the zippers did not ever work and the bag that carries the umbrella is starting to have a hole in the bottom of it. I would buy with caution. We don't care that the zipper doesn't work or that there is a hole in the bottom of the bag.
Kind of flimsy compared to the foam blocks at the studio I go to but works ok for certain restorative poses because they are soft.
My boys love the set, but after only a couple of uses, the net has started to unravel and will not stay attached to the frame. Is it possible to have a replacement net sent to me?
Not much for fleece lining.
A buckle was broken upon arrival.
The listing indicates that there are the same side pouches on both sides of the bag...not true. Only one side zippered pouch for flat items like paper. The shoulder strap nylon swivel clip came apart the first time I used it to carry a light load. The bag does not have straps to carry it like a back pack. The good is: the zipper pulls are real nice. It looks like it will last a long time and be very useful.
The lightest resistance came ripped and snapped as soon as I tried to use it.
Pros: Carries a laptop and all associated accessories without issue. I bought this for my wife, and her laptop, charger, phone, mouse, and stylus pen all have a place to go, and it doesn't make the bag super awkward to carry. There's even some room left over for a small- to medium-sized textbook or two in the bag. Cons: The material seems like it might not hold up to wear and tear. I'll wait and see. If it holds up after six-months, I'll change to a 5-star.
Not the quality I'd expect for 50$ but looks ok. Plastic lens and cheap frame.
It comes in a one-size-fits-all but it sure does not fit people with large foreheads. The hood part was very tight and did not pull down all the way down. The bottom portion was slightly tighter than I wanted it to be. I wouldn't have felt comfortable wearing this in the freezing cold temperatures in Alaska so I returned it.
They're ok... thumb seems to be the only touch screen finger. Durability is sort of ok... I use them for motorcycling everyday but I'm not sure they would hold up in a crash. I'm just hoping they will...
For the price 👍🏾 they were used for costume but if you plan to use it as regular Footwear you must install insoles
Only one of the two chargers in the pack worked
I really like it, but it's falling apart after a week of use. Have to refund and order a new one.
bought for grand daughter she likes it
Good design and fit. Ordered 2. One good, the other not sealed/sewn on the tip end. Was a quick fix but a simple aggravation.
Cute but to flimsy won't stay up on the shield.
Not bad it was good I wish was a little better the reel but overall good but
they hurt my daughters sensitive ears
This is probably a good product, but I am a Senior and could not get it on my right hip. I pulled and stretched and strained and almost hurt myself trying to get it fastened. Too bad my left hip wasn't the problem since the reviews seemed pretty good.
I originally bought this my sophomore year of college as a extra protection of safety when I walked home from the library. It worked just fine and the flashlight is definitely bright! Unfortunately it ended up not working anymore. Perhaps it's because I didn't use it? Who knows!
Very sturdy and good looking covers. I lost two after three rounds of golf. They just fell off. So far no one has turned them in to pro shop. Imy have to order another set for back ups
The main problem is that I received four green floats. I was expecting a mix like in the picture and I ended up with a color that was not even shown. It is a lima bean color and not very summery. I will use the floats this year and as soon as they are worn out I will just purchase at a brick and mortar store to ensure I actually get what I want.
The material is a bit softer and less robust then anticipated
Not enough support for people on the smaller size. The only choice to purchase is S/M or L/XL.
Works but be prepared to add some sand. Bags were only about 10% filled on arrival. Had to go and buy a bag of sand to fill them with.
After day one it makes a squeaking noise. I purchased to use at my office, but had to stop as the squeaking noise is distracting and annoying to all of us. If a constant loud squeak wouldn't bother you, then maybe you can try it out
I really like the socks, just wish they came up a little higher and did not roll off my knee.
Have not used draft board yet, but printing on board is kind of faint, especially grid lines for sticker placement. Unlike previous draft kits I've used, the player stickers are not in alphabetical order. Instead they are in what I guess is a projected draft order??? I'll see how that works out. Vinyl draft board looks to be better than paper. Made for a miserable draft. Many names missing. Random order of stickers made it difficult to find (if you could find at all). DO NOT BUY!!!
Doesn't keep water out. Did not come with ear or nose plugs as advertised.
Going to double check the description, but my 70# bow blows right through. Other then that I like it
these socks are ok but at the first wash and dry,the socks are little tight for me,I Gave to my friend and he is enjoying them.
My nephew requested these helmets as a birthday gift so I bought him these helmets. I'm not sure that they are worth the price in terms of quality, but when it comes to NFL stuff, you are really paying for the name more than anything else. As long as my nephew is happy, that's all that matters.
Pulling the trigger on this release is very strange to get used to if you aren't used to the tension. Very hard to track a target if you are a hunter with this release. I will stick with my SCOTT mongoose.
Seems a little pricey for the size of this plastic cup. You pay the price because it's fortnite
Looks nice but leaves a rash around my wrist. I have found one other cheap band that does this to me.
At the end of the day these were so hard to get off. Did not do much to reduce swelling.
Worked but that's it.
This is not red . Its pink
Kinda cheap but works for a costume
Faded and ripped. Replacing it 3.5 years later.
I didn't like the way the clasp worked. It took me along time to fasten it on my wrist and it was hard for me to pull the USB port off the watch and hard for me to get it plugged in right to recharge it. I lost it off my wrist at the grocery store and they ran out to give it to me. Then it came off and I lost it again.
This is great if you're not y'all. I really like that because it's a vest it covers your back to sweat. However I would have enjoyed this even more if it was long enough. I'm 5'7” with a small chest. This vest didn't go down to cover my entire stomach which is the area I wanted to sweat the most. Ha sit need Kong's run would give it 5 stars
It had a trash co2 loading system
Looks great. But it is definitely a knock off. I would not recommend this product for anyone whose skin is sensitive to metals. I've been wearing this band for about 2 days (with breaks to charge the watch) and I have broken out in a reaction right where the metal circle is for the clasp. I never had this problem with my original band from Apple. I can do what I've done with cheap jewelry - put a thin layer of clear nail polish remover over that piece of the band. But a little disappointed that I have to do that.
Product speaks of video and a pdf but thus far have not seen how to obtain.
Product is terrible. I regret this purchase. Pure rubbish!
I do like the product for what it is. Easy to have friends in the back seat. However, my dog gets around the outside of the hammock easily and the zipper broke after a few months.
Not as thick as I perceived
The idea is good just doesn't really work for me
This seat lasted six months. It was a great seat for a short time then the material started to break down and tear. Cheap cost and cheap quality.
Purchased for my husband. Comfortable. Bracket broke after less than 2 months use.
The construction seems decent, laser works, good ease of use, however I'm not sure how accurate this is. You can turn the bullet a tad and the laser will point slightly differently. It is not perfectly aligned with your barrel, so at 25 yards can be pretty off.
Not very impressed by this case. The color is pretty but it feels cheap and the plastic seal that covers the home button won't last long. It will do the job for now to protect my phone against drops and big spills.
Super cute but....I left it in (as I always do) and after a week it began to tarnish. I took them out and probably won't wear them again. If you take your earrings out each evenings they will probably be fine for quite awhile.
Bands are too big for my fitbit so I will send back but they are high quality bands.
I have purchased several of these wraps in different colors. This one has been the only one that arrived dirty. From the outside it looked fine but as I began to unwrap them to rewrap for use, they were dirty on the inside. I had to throw them in the washer. Yes the spots came out but I was upset with the condition. I assumed they were NEW.
Didn't fit good not what I thought
Cheap but not user friendly. My son who is 8 likes it but I wouldn't be satisfied with it.
had a first generation light just like this one, it shit the bed after very little use, customer service never so much as replied to emails.... hoping they have the 3rd generation sorted out, otherwise the online campaign will be. ore than just a negative review on Amazon....
The product itself is pretty good considering the price and its purpose. By this i mean, yes the case is VERY durable, but because of it its very bulky and big. It cant fit into a pocket for the matter. The other issue we had was that the touchscreen was very hard to work because it comes with a screen protecter as well on the case. Lastly, the buttons ARE VERY HARD TO PUSH! You really need to put some muscle in it to turn off the phone or volumes. I love the color though, that looks just like the picture and you know the purpose of it is spot on, just too much for me i think.
The beanie is very warm and made of good material. The crappy thing is, it looks like it was embroidered by an autistic monkey with Parkinson's. Disappointed to say the least.
It's a nice enough mat, but it smells absolutely terrible.
It's good quality but way to big!! If you have skinny wrists don't buy it!! Other than that it's dope!!
Decent grips. Did not fit ambi safety and had to modify by filing to get the safety to drop.
Decent strap. Very thick
I ordered this helmet for my daughter- her team color is purple- but the helmet is most definitely not purple. Otherwise- it is well constructed and I think will provide the necessary protection regardless of the color ☺️
Color is more green than blue so it doesn't match, but it will work
I was running today and when you sweat gets humidity inside the case and when you're gonna press the Screen to access into an app It didn't work appropriately I had to remove it and dry it on a side, I think it needs more ventilation on a side to work perfectly, but fits nice
Wheel came defective, requesting for replacement. Will update my review after sellers response.
It works well but if you put it on a keyring the back comes off. I am on my second one and have had that problem twice now. Its too bad because the design is good and it is great for camouflaging so you can carry it more places without anyone fussing. It also really helps in not loosing it. Great idea but wish it was a bit more quality to the construction.
Very light weight. They don't inspire confidence, but if you're securing something small and light weight they work OK.
The gloves are warm and fit nicely. I thought they were all black gloves but they have this round red stop light that says wind stopper. I don't like the placement nor the look and will have to find a way to cut it off. Other than that they seem to perform well.
Doesn't monitor/detect sleep well at all.
Haven't actually used it for fishing. It was purchased for an emergency kit. Seems to work well when dry tested.
Ok but I expected a bit better quality.
A lot larger then pictures make it look and larger then other knives in the extreme ops series but still an excellent, light weight knife
Love the backpack, however, where the blanket attaches is a terrible design. It should have longer, adjustable straps that snap and unsnap to get your blanket in and out easily. I have yet to find a blanket that will fit in it at all, let alone, easily.
Smaller than expected
they are alright. a bit rougher machined than I would prefer.
Very nice tote bag. Very big!
It's ok for OWB Open or Range carry, but I would definitely not use it for concealed carry. The 9mm Shield rattles a little bit in it and the release button is somewhat weak and sensitive to the touch. It could be embarrassing to have your weapon fall out if you inadvertently bumped the release while bending over to pick something up.
I like the watch and what it does but it isn't comfortable to wear at night to bed. I believe it is accurate for counting steps which I like. I also like that the app shows the daily, monthly and yearly patterns.
I love the design but the plastic tips are a little hard on the fingers... would be 5 stars if they were rubber tips. So I added rubber tips ... small furniture floor grippers. They feel great ....
The production, trainers, and program are not Beach Body's best.
Step counter is not accurate Bought for this feature. Every thing else seems ok
So far so good. I took the auger out onto Lake Pleasant NY, this morning and drilled two holes just to measure the thickness of the ice. So the two I drilled went very smooth, and it seems like it will function great. I have to drill several holes when our group goes fishing,so I can let you know how it goes after drilling 20 or more holes.
It did not fit and I waited too long to return it. My own fault
The socks are great. Great quality. The bag, not so much. The bag is that cheap material, and the pull string is extremely long so it gets caught on everything.
Love it but, it's not counting my steps
my boy doesn't like it,this one keeps rolling,if i tighten too hard,the frame seems out of shape
It only fit my year old colt. It was didn't fit around their eyes. Even then it started to stretch and come off. I honestly wasted my money. I should have spent my $ on something with more quality.
very difficult to adjust straps to fit
The bands I did like, but there isn't much difference between the strength of them
It's a nice band however the description says it expands to 9 inches, the reason for buying this one. I was disappointed that it was only 8 inches and is difficult to go on over my husband's hand.
They've been braking on me.
Much more comfortable than the original Fitbit band. After only a couple months, however, the clasps came loose. Now it comes apart if I sneeze too hard. Not great when running. :(
When I received the tally counter the box was destroyed and the counter was not functioning. After tapping it on a hard surface it became operational. Very cheaply made but it works.....dont know for how long.
If you have and Osmo and you are looking for some different lenses to help with shooting your video a wide angle Lense is perfect but be careful this one falls off super easily! When I shoot with the Osmo you have to take off the Lense and put it on every time because the gimbal doesn't calibrate properly when you have this lense on.. I almost lost the lense twice before I finally lost it. It is very small, it falls of very easily so if your getting this make sure you pay attention because it falls of very easy and you will have to keep buying it.
This product did polish but it left a lot of dust residue and a reddish tint on the brass. I used it in vibrating tumbler and had to wipe down every brass. It added an extra step in the process.
Looks nice, the blade could be sharper but it's a good knife if you wanna stab something. Probably won't be able to cut through anything tough.
I bought this hoping it would fit my iPhone8+ with its case. It barely fits!
The beeds were good, but not the locks
Right away the blade was very dull. The black coating came off very easily when I started sharpening it. Be aware that the green plastic guard will get damaged when you sharpen the blade. The spine of the knife seems to have deformed near the tip while cooling
Did not assist with my elbow concerns. Probably great for other issues.
Disappointed...thing only stays cold for maybe 20 mins at the most. Nice when you put it on but the decline is rapid
The button on the back broke the first time I tried to unbutton it. Bought a button kit from Amazon and fixed it proper. It's all good now. That's why I'm rating it three stars. The button kit will come in useful, since one broke I figure that more may come. I have bought three of these and so far only one broke
This laser is not your typical laser. It comes with two keys, YES KEYS! I didn't need a laser that has multiple patterns, but bought this one anyway thinking it'd be nicer than a cheap single point/dot laser.. it's a little more complicated than what I need. After receiving this one, I'm realized I should have just bought a small basic laser. This laser is heavy, and you have to continuously hold the button down for the laser to stay on. It should come with a couple of "pointers" as to how to use the key, and it's purpose. It's VERY well made, and the green grid patterns are very vivid/strong!
Great quality and material but much larger than the motor(s) size it was made for. I had to add a bungee cord around the motor to keep the cover from blowing off as the attached slide cord on the bottom of the cover would not slide small enough (too much material) to keep the cover securely on the motor.
Plenty long, much tighter fit than expected. Works for my AR15 but just barely. Fits the shotgun and lever-action 30-30 much better, but pulls the rubber sissy-pad off the 30-30 every time.
The sword I received was not as pictured. The handle is about an inch short and the guard is entirely wrong. If you're into modifying props for cosplay then it's alright. On a positive note, the one I recieved did have the tiny emblem near the tip of the blade.
I like it has no logo. But it is too small for me.
Very comfortable. The only negative point I have is my twelve foot pool. No matter how short I make the line I stretch it all the way across the pool when I swim. I tried rope but without the stretch it is hard to kick my feet.
The pressure switch has a mind of it's own. I'll just use it without
I have used many types of jump ropes but this one was pretty different from the ones that I've used and I liked it. First of all adjusting the length is real easy, just loosen the screw, adjust and tighten. Even though the rope is thin it has the right weight. I am loving it!
Its a basic stiff belt..it should hold up people pants fine...so it will hide people underwear ok..
I loved the material and the design of the backpack, but found it too small. The title lists for woman, teens, but it felt more for a child.
Pretty, but not the quality that I expected.
Packaging is not good...bar is dented. And missing knob,,,,, Assembly is easy, but the assembly is not square/straight. Folding up and down require a bit of work. Overall, it is OK....I need the knob sent to me please. I decided to keep it because repacking and resending is a lot of work ! argh !
Smaller than expected
The suits serve their purpose but tear easily
Works fine and since I got this during a flash sale I can't complain. You get what you pay for. Biggest issue is it's hard to see screen during daylight as the display is too faint but is clear under shade or nighttime.
Worked perfectly initially, but suddenly broke 2.5 months after wearing it almost daily.
The bands have worked as expected. I like the level of 'adjustability' they offer. I would probably give that aspect of the product 4-5 stars The box they came in looked pretty beat up (maybe had been a return to the seller?) and did not contain the storage bag listed as a content on both the site and box. So, that was disappointing. Since I needed to start using bands (more important than having a bag), it was not worth investigating a return/ exchange.
I liked the fit and feel. I really think it has a very sharp look. However, it had already broken through the material in the palm after just three matches.
The unit does provide the instability that activates your core. You have to be particular about what chair you put it on or it won't be stable enough and can actually hurt your back. The textured top designed obviously to prevent you from slipping can be a bit uncomfortable. I haven't utilized it as a device to stand on to improve balance which certainly as you age is a positive thing. When I do I'll update my review. All in all I would say it does what it claims to do.
There's nothing special to say about this brand of underwear except that it's tagless. For their medium size, it's quite snug on me and I'm a 32" waist. The waistband could be wider so the elastic won't make as much of an impression on my skin as it does.
Work when I can't get to the big pool. Has a tendency to pull you under the water. I think the kind that is like a fishing pole may work better
Button pops easily expanding when not wanting it to
Decent sock, bought 2 packs and have lasted over year
THis is a hard review because it is so pretty and I love the art and wool, but it is just flawed because the holes are way too far apart and so there was no way for me to get a good enough fit to use it as a belt. If you don't really need it to hold your pants up like i do and you can wear it loosely then it will work as a statement piece. it is gorgeous but didn't work for me because of the wide spaced holes.
The light is very bright the bells make good noise but the clips are very weak they do not close only 8 out of 20 work great and were tight when clipping it on my rod.
These are OK. The alarm is very loud, which is what you want. However, pin does come out a little too easily. It came out in my purse a few times. It is hard to put it back in and stop the noise.
First received was broken. The replacement came super fast and so far is staying in place. I like that the links are easy to remove and add back.
Not exaclty what I was expecting. Works fine, but too bulky for me.
great quality but it's too tight
Sturdy, great colors, and very happy with the purchase. The fish didn't seem to like it as much --- not a bite
Works well unless you have a herd rough bucks. They sometimes knock it apart, but it goes back together easily each time. I wish. It would stay together better.
I love this water bottle, but sadly I cannot use it. The lid seals onto the bottle too tight (Ive dont screw it on as tight as i could) and then I am unable to unscrew even with a jar lid remover and have to get a man to unscrew it for me and they have to strain for it.
My bottle arrived in a small envelope that was not up to the job of protecting it during shipping. The box it was in was crushed, and while there didn't seem to be a big spill, there was a mild residue of oil all over everything, so at least some leaked out. When I checked, the cap was loose on the bottle, and the inner seal didn't seem fully set. Blind stupid luck that it didn't empty out all over everything before making its way to my front door. As for the product itself, so far it's only been used on a gun that wasn't very dirty, but neither had it been cleaned in forever. So far it seems nice enough for a CLP. Gun operates much better with it lubing the slide rails.
I was. Disappointed it is not as sturdy as it looks and it stretches too much so I have to move my hands down or maybe it is for people with longer arms and legs
It mounted well and was very clear. The dot looked good too. Overall the set up was alittle heavier that I was comfortable with so I returned it for a red dot.
Good support and durable
I find it very uncomfortable, I bought the perfect size based on their chart, but it was too small on my fingers and the pad was just moving everywhere and it was hard. I tried to like it but I sent it back.
After reading the reviews I was surprised that the field points that so shot from my Ten Point Shadow NXT nearly went through the target. Worst of all is that my fourth arrow point stopped at the inside of the material on the back of the target and the nock went through the material on the front of the target so I had a really hard time removing the bolt and when I did it sustained minor damage. I did not think I would be disappointed with this target based on the brand and the reviews and yet I am. I will keep shooting and see what happens.
The texture on the grip doesn't feel good after using it. I like the strength to it though.
Love the look and feel... Don't hold magazines very well, if I run they can bounce out.. looking to see if I can adjust them.
There are no thumb protectors other then that they work fine.
I really like the ease of putting it on, it looks pretty and well designed. It's just annoying that it's constantly picking up little metal objects or when my watch sticks to the fridge, etc.
I liked the design but material didn't seem as durable as I would have wanted
They are very small and lightweight. So, they are better for children to use instead of adults.
These were too wide for my foot and didn't seem to help. I have others that work much better.
This is a quality holster if you like Kydex. I bought mine for a 2.0 Compact. Unfortunatly, this holster was designed to be carried no safety OR safety off. I use the thumb safety. I wore it until I could replace it, about 1 week. It forces your safety to stay off which is a good thing if you want to keep safety off. I gave it three stars because the holster description did not make this clear. But the holster itself is a good one within it's limitations.
I normally don't write reviews but I wanted to give a heads up to anyone installing this backboard of my thoughts. I mounted the backboard on the universal mount on my garage wall above our garage. The products came well packaged and all hardware was there. Give yourself a good 4-5 hours to install the backboard and lots of workspace. I am fairly handy but this was a larger job than I expected. Read the directions carefully as I agree with other reviews the directions are not very good. The pieces are not well marked to match the directions and you need to line up the parts visually and very carefully. I had to take apart and put back together the rim when the springs did not fit the first time. Unless you have a 10 foot ladder to balance the weight of the board when you bolt the backboard to the mount and the strength to lift the backboard by yourself you will need an adult helper. Don't get into this project and realize you need help. When finished the hoop looks good and I suspect I will forget the difficult installation so it gets 3 stars from me but plan ahead when you do your install.
It's a toy, nothing else really. I fully expect it to break rather quickly but it gets 3 stars for its novelty factor. I'd just get a zebco dock demon in its place as the rod is much more robust. Reel spool is just silver plastic and the drag is non existent. Rod handle will fall apart if care is not taken when assembling.
Fits as described. Does hold items in place. I wish the velcro straps for the box compartments hung from the top. Still a bit pricey for what it is.
It wasn't easy to put together, the instructions were not very easy to follow (one small picture provided for everything) and mine arrived with the pieces case broken and a few washers missing. Otherwise it seems good. Holds both our fishing kayaks with all our mods on them pretty well.
the color is far less vibrant but I could still make use of it
I wish there were tie down straps for both bow pockets. But the biggest issue I have it the arrow tube holder. It's not big long enough to fit my arrows. If you have a 30 inch draw, your arrow tube won't fit in the tub pocket
As while I am walking it vibrates to alert me that it is time for me to move.
The suit fit well, but the welts on the material under my armpit.rubbed me raw during competition. I'm not sure why this happened, but I am still nursing the large chafed marks by my biceps. The padding is very good for long rides. I was surprised. Legs fit just right. I was sorry that it chafed me so badly. I wasn't bothered by the zipper in the back...just have to get used to it. Maybe the arm holes need to be cut lower?
Cute idea but not sturdy and too big!
Fits as expected. Just received them will let you know how they hold up.
Its a entry level foosball table so don't get super excited buying it and then spend 4 hours putting it together. All the parts that aren't made of fiberboard or is a screw are plastic. If you want an amazing table, spend $2k and get an incredible one. I didn't see the value of paying that much when foosball is sort of one of those dive bar or basement type activities. Not like you go to someones house and think, oh he doesn't have the high end model or did you see the model of his foosball table - its to the nines! Its a foosball table.
I bought this product as an added protection while doing deadlifts and shrugs. I am not impressed at first as it's not as thick as my first set of pads. I think it is overpriced too, for that reason. I might be using the pair together with my lifting gloves to create a thicker barrier. Other than that, I like that it is soft and have a good coverage on my palm. I am going to give them a try and see how it holds up.
I literally just got these out my mailbox less than 30 min ago. I gave them 3 stars because I like the design and how soft they feel, but before I even put a foot in a leg there was already a hole in the crotch seam area. Like how? I guess I can just sew it up myself. Also, I sweat alot when I workout. I could not see myself wearing this type of material for the gym.
A little cheap looking, but you get what you pay for
I bought these for my 9 year old and they are far too big for her ears. With that being said, they work wonderfully for both my husband and I. Just not kid size as advertised unfortunately
It slipped around on my daughters head a little but it really helped her with letting water touch her ears. She wore it for a few times in the pool and then she didn't need to wear it any more. It was essential in the transition but I can't say if it would work long term for regular use. I had to get it pretty tight on her head to stay put. It was not a water tight seal if thats what you're looking for.
the product it's self is made of a durable fabric which gives me some faith in them. What I don't like is that the camo pattern is printed/painted on adding a bit of stiffness to the product and it leads me to believe it will rub off after heavy use. Plus, it kind of makes the straps look worse. I'd probably go with something that has the pattern in the fabric if thats your thing. I got these because they were cheap and I love America's away colors so I'm a little disappointed with the presentation.
Item did not fit. No mic opening that matches phone. Cover is thin and kinda flimsey.
The straps are fine - a bit thinner than I would have guessed, but that actually makes them easier to switch out. However, if you're thinking of purchasing the versions with the black buckle and keepers, you should know that they're only painted, and the paint is pretty cheap and chips off easily.
They seem to be good bands. I just couldn't use them because it didn't clearly state that they didn't include at least one frame (and I don't have a frame.) So I plan to return once I figure out how.
It swims but floats.. does not go under water. Haven't catched anything yet
Not impressed with the length and wouldn't cover the bicep and provide protection.
It's a decent stand. The seat is comfortable. The foot platform is small. You don't have much room to stand. It doesn't grip the tree very well. Kinda scares me sometimes. The teeth are not pointy. They are squared off. I took a file and made them pointy. It helped to bite into bark better. It is pretty light and easy to hang on the tree and put it back together. Climbing up the tree is a little difficult since you don't have a place to sit with it being open faced. The backpack staps suck. They are like bungee cords. Not a good design. Overall not a bad stand but there are better ones out there.
I was disappointed in the fact that it was kinda small when I put it together and the fact that everything was plastic and if your not careful when screwing it together the screws tend to strip out. Tighten the screws very gingerly or you will have to replace them with bigger screws. I like the concept, and it does hold my poles and reels but if it was a little heavier and had some type of metal in it as well as metal screw inserts it would have been better. I will use it until I find a better one to buy!
Since I have had similar products for years, I did not have trouble figuring out what to do but there were no markings or instructions or any way to tell how to place the batteries. I had to try every possible combination and finally got it right. Usually there is a + or a - sign to show you how the batteries go in. There was no such thing in this model. However, it was so much cheaper than I am used to paying of an oximeter that I would probably buy again, unless it quits on me soon.
Runs well. Leaks a small amount of oil and can't figure out where from.
It feels good for left hand person but feels strange for right hand person. I think it is the design of the shoulder piece. I will keep and use it as I am right handed. Good material, great for arrows. I like it even though it feels strange, I am a beginner in archery.
Ehh nice little emergency kit, but the tools are a little small for my hands
Definitely received a different knife than that which is pictured. 3 stars because the knife I received is actually pretty cool.
Easy to read but I'm not sure I can properly learn the poses with only this poster.
When you have this bag full, it hits the back of your knees and makes walking hard. Forget stairs or steep inclines. It does fit everything you need though! I just started dragging it around. And of course it ripped after a while.
I should've gone up a size or two but it still works. I'm using it to help with my last few days of pregnancy. I just bounce on a pile of clothing or something to increase the size
I bought it for school, I'm going to college and I have to walk all over the campus and I got this to protect from the sun. I love that's it's so small and can fit literally in any bag or backpack and wont take up a lot of space. It serves its purpose, but it is a bit flimsy and any slight breeze will just make it seem like itll break so I put it away. I havent tried it in rain yet
I have had this since July it's now September and I was impressed thought it was going to last then I went to put it on and the one left side is shortened out! I am very sad I have had it less than 3 months! I Love it otherwise best durable one I HAVE HAD!
this product ripped in the back. So i sent it back after 3 days. Seems to be a defect they need to look to it,
The sticks and puck worked well. The folding mechanism broke almost immediately. That was disappointing.
Works great but if you're in construction it only last a day on the boot
A little bit small and noisy. Keep you dry in the snow
Sent back it arrived to late
Difficult to use and the catalogue is v brief and im not sure too about the accuracy
After a month of purchase, 7 hours a day, playing for 20 days, some of the Table Tennis Balls already have dented.
It is what it is, a stamped metal tool. It gets the job done but isn't anything special.
This band is super comfortable and easy to use. I really want to give it a 5 star, which I would have if I'd reviewed it a month ago. My 10 year old is hyper sensitive to materials and this was bought for him, he barely wears the Fitbit as is anyways. He brought it to me today and one of the 3 velcro pieces just fell off. The back of it is shiny. So I'm not sure that I can even reattach it. If it would hold up, this would be a great band. But not worth the money if it falls apart within 2 months of barely being used.
Looks good quality and case is great but one of the two 1/16 steel punches came bent, the other one is straight though, good thing they send two.
Works great. Son loves it. One of the poles was dented which made assembly difficult (had to bang the dent out). Otherwise good.
very nice and feels great on really sore back muscles.
These look nice and are priced well. After a few months, I noticed stretching/thinning of the material between the ankle and heel. I'm still wearing them though.
Used these in 3rd grade classroom. One got a hole and deflated after about 3 weeks of use. The kids liked them though and wanted to sit on them every day!
Taste is very rubbery even after many uses. Fits okay but not great. I have used it for grappling and kickboxing both = much better for grappling. Not sure how effective it will be kickboxing over an extended time.
This knife seemed absolutely great for the price, at first but then I tried batoning with it and the hand guard started rattling and seems loose now. The tip bent a little when I threw it at a stump on the ground. the knife did come very sharp. it held an edge fairly well after batoning wood. the tang of knife is a little too narrow for my comfort. The handle is fairly comfortable. The saw on the back doesn't do much. the metal rings on the handle do stick out a little bit on the sides of the handle but not enough to cause problems. the sheath isn't the best but will do the job. Over all the knife is alright for the price of $12.
Did not come with chest strap...so had to rig it to keep it on my son's shoulder. Price too high for an incomplete product.
Like that you can hear people talking but does not cancel gunfire well
For $25 it's worth the money. Up to 100 yards it does just about as well as could be expected. The eye piece is unnecessarily small in my opinion, and forces you to basically press your eye against the front lens. The bipod is absolutely garbage.
I bought this not because I was a runner but wanted a belt to use sometimes instead of a purse. It was billed as a running belt and should work well for that, but the wide elastic belt seems restrictive for just walking (but will stay in place while running) and the large buckle in back makes sitting in a chair awkward. So I'd say buy it for running only.
Even the small is very big so it is hard to stuff all that sock into my sneaker. NOT BREATHABLE at all, my feet are steaming hot in these socks. Very expensive for the value.
Showed up on time. It was bright. It just wasn't what I needed.
Very well made the head is loose but nothing I can't handle for the price
Unlike our trampoline, there was no "spring implement" to help attach the springs connecting the net to the frame. Result was that three of the springs were ruined when we tried to attach them, stretching beyond their tolerance. The frame itself distorted so that one top corner is six inches higher than the other The black line denoting the "net" detached from one side within a week, so it is threaded through only part of the net. We bought this for an 8 y.o., so the way it works is okay, but would not recommend this for anyone serious.
These made my plantar fasciitis pain go away, so I give it 3 stars for being effective. But I took away 2 stars for comfort. The band around the top of the foot digs in and made my toes swell a bit (I do not have pudgy or wide feet, in fact they are on the bony side). I cut the band to release some of the tension, but it was still too tight and still made my toes swell. The rest of the sock was perfect though, so I don't know if going up a size would have helped because then it may have not been tight enough around my ankle where I needed it to be. I wish the band around the tops of the feet were flat and seamless for comfort and to allow circulation.
Good quality but can't really breathe in it.
I like the look of this leather band the best of all leather bands I've seen for the Apple watch, but a month in, it fell apart... I'll try to find a leather worker who can use it as a template to make a thicker sturdier one with the same shape and cutout.
The material is light and thin and is more of a a picnic table top cover than beach mat. It blows away very easily with the slightest wind. Even when I put heavy bags on the corners of the mat to hold it down the wind would get under the spaces and bubble the blanket shifting items and knocking item over sitting on the mat. Its definitely waterproof and I and sand proof and would be very easy to clean if needed.
It wasn't as grippy as I would've liked.
I like that this mat is thicker than most and it feels like a soft cushion. The one negative is that it makes a stocking noise after you lift your hands or feet off the mat. I always felt like it was loud in yoga but I'm sure no one noticed.
I really like the smaller thicker bands, they really help to intensify certain moves, or add a twist to workout moves you would otherwise do without these. Big fan of resistance bands
Durable sock. Don't dry on high heat or they shrink tremendously. Also come darker than expected for navy blue.
My boyfriend liked it. I used it as a gift box for valentines day that I thought maybe he could use later. I thought it was OK. not great just OK. I am used to the army surplus store kind of cans. This was not that. BUT VERY nice for a gift can!
not as thick as i would like
Received on time as promised. Bad weather here and haven't had a chance to use yet.
This just wasn't my favorite polish so far. Didn't end up with the finish that I was hoping for. My pro shop guy ended up using his stuff for me. To each their own though. Everybody has different tastes when it comes to bowling...
Love that these are non-toxic materials because they often end up pushed against sons mouth and face. One really odd and annoying thing, they are very sticky! They collect every little fuzz, hair, and piece of dirt the moment they drop once. Though, to our amusement, when accidentally thrown at the wall, it stuck! Then slowly crawled down the wall, like a creepy gooey blob. Not good for the paint. But entertaining at least.
Cool, I ended up using them on my backseats vs front seat. Not too practical
Not the best wax. Very greasy in fact. But for the price I guess it's not too bad
The green balls are ridiculous. Good luck finding them even 5 ft off the fairway. They hit fine for a casual golfer who is looking for a fun and inexpensive golf ball.
My son said the button has rusted already.
This did not work for me.
2 or 3 cuts,and you have to sharpen the blade...
The package was delivered on time as promised. I tried the goggles on but felt a lot of pressure on my eyes. I think it may be because the rubber around the eye pieces are not thick enough to rest on some part of my brow bone - so that just be my personal anatomy and not the goggle's fault. I wouldn't personally purchase these goggles again because it doesn't fit my head right. I haven't used it underwater to test for fogginess or leaking.
Does not fit my holsters, otherwise fair. The railing teeth could be a little deeper too catch on to my G2 which I bought it for. Right now depending on the clamping power more than the fit.
It's a decent hat for the price. For me, the stitching was odd so the hat looked cheaply made. But that's just me, I'm quite picky. Overall it's a decent hat for the price.
This seems to be a nice scope which one would expect from Leupold and for the price, however there's an issue with the red dot which appears as multiple small reds dots clustered where a single large red dot should appear. I'll likely have to return the scope to Leupold under their lifetime warranty to have it repaired or replaced. This is a hassle I didn't expect to have to deal with.
I ordered and return this today and am not looking for another one that is compatible to my iPhone 5s. This app will not download and when you try it tells you your device is not compatible,
The putting surface is good and the roll is pretty quick. However, the inclined platform is concave, causing all putts to veer towards the center. This means missed to the outside bend right into the cup (at least for the regulation sized cup) and putts on the inner edge of cup veer to the right and miss. Not sure how to correct this, looked underneath but not clear hoe to prop up the middle to make it a level junction on the platform. Everything else is good, ball return is nice, but with the curve it is hard to tell if you hit the ball straight, which is kinda the point.
This game was for my 77 year old father. Disappointed that it quit working after 30days of play. Not going to blame the game makers totally because I'm not the one playing it. I don't know why it quit working. I'm using my father's opinion
Not wide enough to stand on comfortably. great for seated exercises.
Very cute but the plastic is very hard that causes an issue with the zipper.
Have yet to use it so judgement will have to wait.
good holster except the leather is really stiff and doesnt mold well causing it to flare out a bit.
I love the size. The weight when filled took some getting used to. My bottle brush cant reach the bottom of the bottle, which has revealed itself a bit of a pain since the height of the bottle is fairly tall, so I have to machine wash it. I have never machine washed the top, only hand washed and it cracked and the bamboo portion has now cracked off on one side. I bought the bottle in July and use it several times a week. Cant say I will be buying this bottle again for the factors mentioned above.
Amazing knife. Very well balanced in my hand. The sheath however is garbage. It is tight to start, causing the knife to slice away at the leather, ultimately cutting through the sheath. Wouldn't be a big deal on the 1000 pull of the knife, but I've only had it one day. Come on Benchmade.
The strap you use to tighten or loosen the belt tends to move. I've had to adjust every time I've used this to keep it small. It isn't as flat as I would like. I only have my iPhone, credit card, driver's license and car key in there but it still makes me look like I have a gut under my clothes.
It's a good sling just a little tight to get on.
Definitely has unpleasant smell but once they get aired out not noticeable seats comfortable and easy to carry
Works like your average boat seat swivel. Nothing great, nothing bad.
I liked the bezel and shape of watch..the touch area is off calibration and the heart rate and blood pressure seemed to be off quiet a bit.(.I have a manual blood pressure cuff) so I compared them .. the interface to get to battery life is not user friendly...This watch has great potential but definitely needs to go back into research and development .
Description says it's for kids of age 2 onwards. The scooter instructions says it's for 3 onwards. My kid just turned 2 (and it's not a small kid) but the scooter is definitely too big. Disappointed they were not accurate with description
Nice Reel. But much smaller than expected. And the line capacity also less than expected for 5000 size reel.
Not what I needed and had easy return. No hassles. Thanks
They are cheap rings. If you have the extra money get wood ones. These get really slippery. Plus they just don't feel right compared to the wood.
The basketball hoop was delivered in a timely manner and the delivery guy was great, no complaints. However, I also purchased assembly which was to be done by another company. I received a text saying we were on their schedule. The company then sent an email saying the delivery person had to go to the hospital for a medical issue. He texted that another company would come to do the assembly. Amazon then sent an email saying the assembly service was cancelled and I would receive a refund. THE ONLY REASON I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON WAS BECAUSE OF THE REASONABLE COST OF THE ASSEMBLY, I COULD HAVE PURCHASED THE HOOP FROM SEVERAL OTHER RETAILERS/COMPANIES. VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT THE ASSEMBLY WAS CANCELLED AND AMAZON DID NOT ARRANGE FOR ANOTHER COMPANY TO DO THE WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very cute & different Apple Watch band. I had to remove most of the links due to how small my wrists are. Once I put on and wore for a few hours, had to remove another link because it seemed the band stretched. But overall for the price and if you are a iwatch collector, it's worth the price. I give it only 3 stars because the links are hard to unlock and it's even a bit harder to put on once you remove them. I think if they added a chain not only for added security and ease of putting on solo, I'd rate it better.
I have taken it for strengthening my legs and to get my hip moment right while playing tennis, I find the ball really helpful. But, I have disappointed with the description given on the product, I expected the ball to bounce on the Synthetic courts Apparently, it is not.
The box was ripped apart. Horrible shipping.
Flimsier than I expected for price.
I purchased for my 2 year old grandson. Looks to be good quality. Lighter plastic I am just hoping that it is durable.
Gets kinked very easy and kind of thin
Bike rides carried snacks and tools.
I have strong hands working as a massage therapist but this "toy" is pretty tough and hard for me. I expected something less hard/rigid to handle
a bit fuzzy around the T but would work well for CQB. The clamp wanted to come loose, had to use blue loctite to get it to work correctly.
I am in the process of communicating with the seller to resolve my issue.....the seller has been prompt to reply and very polite.....I am hoping for a resolve.
I ordered one months ago for my office and it was great. I use it all the time, it oddly actually helps me focus more, and takes pressure off my lower back. So I recently ordered a second one for home and for some reason it just will not inflate enough, it must have some tiny hole somewhere that will let out air above a certain pressure, which is disappointing.
This is my 3rd double end bag and while I haven't really put it through a lot of workouts, I do have some opinions. 1. It's a great price 2. It comes with a ball pump which is awesome because I lose them frequently. It also comes with brackets and cords so it's the full package right out of the box. But you get what you pay for. The bag feels cheap and the air bladder is more of a pain to fill than most bags. The bag itself is also very small. Since the air bladder is separate from the bag, it doesn't feel as natural as other bags. If you are severely limited on funds, this bag does it's job at a budget price. But if you have an extra $10, I would highly recommend many other bags for a far better experience.
The black one had a clip missing, so I can't use it. Can I get a replacement clip instead of returning it?
Metal clasp began to rust after a month or so
Package didn't come with leg strap
Bought them for my boyfriend for Christmas. Definitely a lot bigger than I thought. Super soft in touch just a bit to big
Had a problem with the first pair, customer service took care of it.
Very important to know how many springs your trampoline take.. this fit perfectly as far as size.. however, the replacement pieces all each had one less slot for a spring... so with the 6 replacement pieces it made a substantial difference in our tension and strength of the trampoline. I went back and still can not locate anywhere that makes mention of this topic..which I would assume is important.. I hope this post helps save someone from making the same mistake I made
Its a beautiful table plays nice, however surface is little thin. Mine arrived slightly chipped from one corner damaged in shipping. Once assembled it is more fortified with the side panels comes with the table if not damaged in shipping like mine. Assembly wasn't bad, however I would recommend using your own tools instead of the one comes with the table.
Stretches so much I doubt it'll last, hard to fit around what I call standard water bottles (like bike bottles and others). Appears to be more designed for 16.9 ounce plastic disposable bottles, which I don't like using. Cheap enough, however, so when they do break, no great loss
Bought these to wear after breaking (hairline fracture) my leg. Wanted some support and protection while healing. First the padding is medium density, about 1" thick and is fine if you bump things lightly, but if I had walked into, say, my trailer hitch (to which I'm prone), I'd have been in big pain. I'm 6' 2" and have (ex) dancers legs and they fit from ankle to knee cap. The elastic was probably not tight enough to be therapeutic to the bone healing, but it was noticeably firm and I think helped with circulation and limiting swelling. Threw them in the wash a couple of times and saw no adverse effect. Were most helpful when, after healing a few weeks, I needed to kneel on the floor and they protected my tibia from direct contact with the tile.
Just like other reviews,what's on the box is not what was inside the box. Not sure what the issue is but there's some mis info going on. The goggles that came will work fine I guess. Just not what I expected when I ordered them. Be warned before buying.
This item does the trick wish that part that pushes the shell down was further forward but it does work fairly well for the price well worth it don't need to buy a 50 or $30 reloader simple and easy to operate no push polls just push down and put your shells and go to work
It does fit cup holder of cart but doesnt hold cart buddy heater
Super easy to swap this on the Fitbit. However the color was not as expected. I ordered a purple and it's more like grey. Also, it got dirty after wearing it one time so it looks really bad now. It like takes the color from clothes and jeans and stuff so be careful.
This ball does not last more than 3-4 games. They break easily or get out of round very easy! Something has to be done about this!
I really liked the look and feel of this shirt and actually purchased two shirts (greg and blue). Unfortunately I had to return the second one because I noticed that both would retain (and even magnify) my B.O. This is troubling for me personally because I don't sweat much and my normal workout cotton tshirts never smelled like these. Now I know why some other fitness shirts cost more and it's because they are odorless. I don't normally write reviews but was compelled only because I want other Amazon buyers to know. Like I said, the shirt looks nice, fits well and does keep me cool and dry, but the smell is going to drive me to buy other brands.
Metal stand was bent out of shape, but once I fixed it, it was nice,
Product delivered fast but we're not the size listed. Ordered 18" traps received 12".
Not what I expected! I thought this cake with the screen protector gold piece in the picture! Spoiler alert it doesn't. The band also kept coming unattached! Would be great if it worked and was what I expected
I bought these because I needed a XXL that could hold up to heavy workouts, not yoga. They were advertised as such so I thought I'd give them a try. They're very lightweight, which is nice for me, but that also means sheer. You can see my tattoo on my thigh under them. I'm a thick girl, size 18, and I wouldn't recommend these for someone who actually needs a big size. They're definitely high waisted and offer great control. They've also got really long legs and are still bunches up on me at 5'8. I would wear these to my cardio class days but probably never my strength or powerlifting classes. I already feel like there's nothing covering my butt so I don't think they'd last with a ton of squats and lunges.
We ordered one order and we ended up with two of the same. Don't make sense to me. Got charged for both and now I have to return one.
Looks great. It seems like the steps work, but the blood pressure seems surprisingly stable with a top number for me that is at least 10-20 below what my machine measured, and stayed almost the same whether I had been sitting down or walking around. That concerns me, but I don't know how significant that is. I haven't used the other features yet.
I think those barrister and clp cleaners may be better. This stuff only gets the easy carbon to come off.
The bag is small like what u would used for a toddler diaper bag and the color isn't red, it's pink. Overall decent
Nice arm band. Fit like it should. Would have gotten 5 stars if I had gotten it in 2 days like I should have by ordering Prime!
I have pretty mixed feelings on this knife. The blade is gorgeous and well made. The grip looks good, but the top finger groove is WAAAAAY too small! I am not sure how someone could grip this comfortably?
They look great and I like that they have the zipper loop that I can use to hook the cover on a clip when not on the club. It keeps me from loosing them. Construction looks good. But beware of the durability, they are pretty cheap after all. I have only had them for less than 3 weeks and the Neoprene cloth has small cuts on the fabric on 7 of ten clubs. It must be from the club shattering when in the golf cart. This amount of wear and tear in less than 3 weeks is why I only give them three stars. BTW I play an average of 2-3 times a week, so I have used them maybe 7 times.
I bought the medium and heavy resistance, thinking I would have to work up to the heavy from what I read from other reviews. I also lift weights, but I was hoping these would work for when I can't make it to the gym. Despite what the other reviews say, I found even the heavy resistance band to be pretty weak, even though I'm also a woman. I work my legs pretty hard with weights, so keep that in mind. But these will not do as an alternative to weights. I will still use the heavy resistance for warm up and burn out exercises, and as an addition to my hip thrusts and squats with the barbell, so it wasn't a complete waste.
Worked great. Got a little tight and uncomfortable for our 2 year old after awhile.
Haven't had it long and the holes have noticeable wear and creases, creases everywhere in fact(where the leather has split) . It's also discolored on the edges and some of the coloring has chipped off. It does the job but you get what you pay for.
Prompt delivery....had to return due to not fitting....large was not large
This is only good for young kids to use while with their parents. Not super durable but decent for the price. If youre a parent who likes target practice with Co2 rifles/pistols, this is a decent beginner gun for your kid to feel like a big kid and shoot at some targets with you. Pretty accurate but not 100% accurate
Ok holster, does its job.Awkward to figure out. Very stiff
It was okay. The material was a bit lower quality than I was expecting.
The mat twists and does not stay firm on the yoga mat, may cause slippage.
3 m tape will not hold cleaned according to ther specks
I like the pad, but it slides on the bar and doesn't stay in the placed position.
I was disappointed to discover that the solar system design isn't on the back side of these gift bags. The back side and the draw string are a dark forest green - not even matching the other colors on the bag. (The front side with the planet and rocket is a navy blue background.) I like the idea of a reusable bag, and these are a nice size, but I'll be returning them.
The ruger security 9 with light & laser fits in the holster ok... only thing make sure you know this is not conceal & carry holster, it's pretty bulky, and like it states on diagram, made only to fit outside pants, not inside... I changed the clip and strap where I made it too fit inside pants, but it's awkward, and hard to get in and out of holster... when wearing it outside of pants on belt it's pretty bulky and heavy when you have the gun, laser, and extra magazine.
I really like the band but it won't stay connected to my fit bit it keeps unlatching on one side and it falls off
I love this ball. Great around the green and off the tee. But...the blue is impossible to see. I did get a hole in one with them though.
Way smaller than what I needed. Looks larger in the picture.
Not much room but alot of pockets
Ok for the money. Good for kids learning to fish and cast.
I gave it 3 stars because the band is very large and I have a very small wrist. I wish it came in sizes. It holds the Golf Buddy nicely and does the trick.
Visually stunning, but screwing the lid on and off sounds like nails on a chalkboard and it's very horrid.
Bottle has shattered when dropped what I thought was pretty lightly in the car. I just purchased another one but I'm pretty disappointed.
these gloves are a decent fit for my large women's hands. a bit baggy in the palms, a bit snug in the wrist. i could have dealt with that but the wool is so scratchy and uncomfortable. i believe they are 70% wool, 30% nylon. i opened up my orders page to return them and got a 'not eligible for return' message. i was quite dismayed until i called customer service to get more information. the excellent service rep, named ray, issued me an immediate refund and sent me an email which included the following: "On this occasion, we don't require you to return the original. You're welcome to keep, donate or dispose of it - whichever option is most appropriate and convenient for you." magically, the gloves were suddenly less uncomfortable when i wasnt paying for them! but i doubt ill wear them. ill find them a good home. I asked about the 'not eligible for return' designation. Ray said there could be multiple reasons,one of them being it is not cost effective for Amazon to pay return postage on a low priced item. Amazon's reputation for outstanding customer service seems well deserved.
Pretty sure my son never even used this, not even as just a hat.
Doesnt look as new as listed but decided to keep. Heavy material, it does its job
The sock part is nice and thick, but the criss crossed bands are too insubstantial.
Overall exactly what you think it is and it works. The bottom should be a bit deeper, the first ring barely secures a bottle at all, the molly attachment could be lower to prevent bottle tilt as well-outside of that, as promised.
I love the reel but it was broken when received, anti reverse would not hold. Penn fixed it but I had to pay shipping and lost 10 days use. Should have just returned to Amazon
Used this item almost daily for just over one year. Loved it until I turned on the surge protector one day and it made a zapping sound. Then it didn't work. Unfortunately, was *just* outside the one year warranty. I will be replacing but will consider another brand next time.
Hat could have been packaged in a box so its not so out of shape when receiving.
Update 2: received a whole new package with charger wrist straps and all. The design looks unchanged so we will see if the second set holds up any better. If anything is different it would have to be in the plastic itself. Update 1: I wrote this review and the company has contacted me and are sending me another pair. If I understand correctly they may have improved the design or it could be that they will improve the design. Customer service seems to be good. I'm going to upgrade rating from one star to 3 and see how it goes the second time. Original review: ran with these for about a month before one of them broke and will no longer stay attached. On the first run one side of the green clip broke. On the last run today the other side broke and now they will not stay on the laces. They are nice a bright and I would consider them most useful for others to see you. They do offer some light to see by but since your feet are always moving so is the cone of light. I should have returned these when the first side of the clip broke.
I didnt like the material. Def not good for picnics or for the beach. It's like those fuzzy cotton material. Easily get stain on. No good ! So disappointed. But the print is cute.
Great size! Packaging was great and protected the wheel very well. It is a bit loud but usually that's exactly the point for such a large wheel... To bring attention to your booth. It is quite top heavy however and must be weighted or tied down. Ours almost fell on top of a toddler in a stroller when her brother spun the wheel with too much force. Do not think think everyone will be gentle with their spins. Also, the post that fits into the base rotates freely. Wish there was an easy way to secure it without a lot of modifications.
works great. takes pretty nice photos and video. Easy to operate. My only problem was one of the buckles broke when I was securing it to a tree for the first time. I already got the mount screwed in so I just fastened it the best I could and it's been fine but it was disappointing and I didn't won't to go through the hassle of sending it back and waiting for a new one. I needed it now.
Goggles were alright, strap was questionable, but should work.
The belt is what I needed for mowing and farm work, but it wears out quickly. I'm on my third belt now, and it's shot in a month. Simply should be better made.
I wanted to give this 5 stars because I really like this band. It's easier to put on than the band my Fitbit came with. Since it's magnetic you don't have to match up any holes. It has a fashionable look too. The thing that stops from going up to 5 stars is how the band wears. The part on top where the Fitbit is looks great. The finish on the band though is discolored because the color has worn off after only 2 months of use. My band looks dirty but it's not.
The extra money to buy a real fishing rod is probably well spent. This one did not last long. Unless you need a collapsible one (which we wanted to have, as we were travelling) I could not recommend it.
Backpack looks very great and everything is specified as is. Only part that I seem would need to be better is the material of the backpack which cannot hold my laptop and some books.
You get what you pay for here. Functionality is good, but there is absolutely not support in the boot. Barely structure. You feel every rock you step on. For $33 it was a good value, but if you plan to wear in any type of rocky areas splurge for the higher priced waders.
This dartboard is pretty nice for the price, but definitely not worth more than that. I received this with a few dents and the board was pulling away from the outer 'frame' piece in some places. Also, it seemed that some of the numbers were upside down. If you're just looking for a decent dartboard that works well with steel tip darts, this is it. But if you're looking for something a bit nicer or fancier, get something else. Also, I did not receive darts with this board as it seems other reviewers did.
Not what I expected. Was very flimsy and the decorative pieces were moving.
I like these. But I don't love them. They serve their purpose. The elastic for the upper arm stretches out easy and make sure you HAND WASH them because they will shrink significantly. However, they are worth what I paid for.
worked on the M&P shield 45acp ,but not the M&P 2.0 45 acp, did work somewhat on 1911
It is ok, smaller than I thought it would be.
I really liked this but it is way overpriced for what it is. I PROMISE you can buy an actual volleyball and spray paint it and it will be the same thing
Very lose on my neck. It does not choke me the way I wish it did.
Too many problems with this product. The company's customer service is great. They replaced the lids that broke within first few weeks. But now the seal on one of the two bottles I purchased has gone bad. The bottle now sweats and doesn't keep water cold anymore. Sad to have to go back to request a replacement...again. Time is money afterall. Either I will have to spend time on this again or spend to buy a new bottle.
Product is fine, but the packaging is so wasteful. I recommend you buy from someone else who doesn't mail like this.
The magazine pouch is well made, however, the real issue is adequate waistband room to fit your firearm AND a spare magazine carrier.
I came across two other sock brands that became my staples. Wanting to try something new and generally finding UA to have a great product line I wanted to try their socks. However, compared to both my other brand and another new brand I tried out this year - the UA socks came in last. This isn't to say they're bad socks, they're fine in fact but they don't stack up against anything else I'm currently putting on my feet.
Not enough support for the girls. Not good for D sizes. No support when jogging. At all.
The band itself is great. It is a little cumbersome to put on and off. It is annoying when it attaches itself to everything metal that you cross paths with. It also is annoying because the sides of the band must have some roughness to them, and it will snag on my long sleeves frequently. In spite of these annoyances, I would not trade it back and return to the other closure which was just holes and the prongs that you matched up to get it on. Also, that style had too many instances where it caused the band to pop off.
I love the look of this band, but in less than 2 months of normal wear, the loops that hold the band around my wrist broke. I'm buying another one to get me through the holidays. When I have time, I will research other more durable options.
It's good but the layers are glued together so when I left it in the car the glue started to pull apart
I thought it would be warmer against elements
It is not as soft as described and little to no padding in the grip area. But for the price it was ok
They are way too tight for my 6 year old daughters head. The design is nice, but the size is too small.
I liked the saying on the pillowcases, it was touching and very nice as a gift to a family member who's getting married. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star review is the ink looked low quality for the price.
I would of given it 4 stars but the remote switch broke after only a few minutes of use. It's a nice flash light but the remote switch sucks.
The axe head broke chopping a four inch tree limb. The back end of the head where the handle attaches (hammer part ) broke. But so far the saw and everything else seems in good working conditions. The handles could also be redesigned to accommodate all to work together, instead of just two. I like it for camping, but they need to redesign for chopping and a longer handle for digging or trimming tree limbs for guys in tree stands. Overall I think the idea and packaging is great. Small enough to carry on a go pack. Just maybe make the axe head out of solid steel, then cast.
Great concept for kids who don't yet have the dexterity to tie laces. Unfortunately, two broke while I was threading them through the eyelets using the provided bobby pin.
Fit as expected...i was not happy with the fact thaI it took on the dye from some of my clothes and then would not clean off. I ultimately bought another band and no longer use this one.
No matter what size your thigh, I think it is made for people who have hard (not fatty-soft) thighs. I bought the large and I was well within the large size-range, but the brace squeezed my thigh like an hour-glass. I wrote Cambivo and they replaced it with another model from their line which worked perfectly. This brace is very stiff. It would be great for a runner and someone who stayed upright. When you sit, however, it bunches behind the knee. Again, I think this would be a good brace for athletes, which I am not. I'm more a sitter type with a bad knee caused by an accident.
I normally wear a size 7 in my ring finger. I thought they were good when I first tried on, but I've lost a couple during normal movement throughout the day. Slips off and I don't realize it.
Cute for blue line product. It's a lengthy leash so make sure you don't need a shorter one for better control. The blue is not as vibrant as the true “thin blue” color.
The color was completely washed out after couple of months and now after a while the hat looks nothing like when it was new. It must be the sun and sweat, because I only hand washed it couple of times really gently. Also gotta readjust the buckle fairly often. Otherwise nice hat.
It's not very compact. It's larger than I thought and heavier than I'd like to use for travel.
The threaded metal is soft and, after just a few used, fails to stay tight. The metal cap does not have enough spring to keep friction and stay in place. Great in an emergency. A thick waterproofed cloth overhead tarp ripped in a storm. I stitched a loose fitting but adequate patch on in moments. It saved the tarp from shredding up the middle. Lost the spooling cap twice, though.
Love the idea. Just what I needed to keep back seat organized. While hooking it up, bungee cord broke. I had to make my own rig to secure it
Way smaller than I thought. Kinda my fault ?
I followed the sizing advice and found the compression sleeves longer than needed.
Wish the bottom was flatter.
The bristles are not has stiff as others but they do hold up to solvents well.
The fabric is nice, but a little thinner than I want it to be. I was excited and wanted to keep it so badly, but the length is uneven, with the right leg being slightly longer. I am returning this and will keep looking. Maybe I was just sent a lemon.
I bought this as a workout mat and I think should of looked elsewhere. I'm keeping it overall because I think this is in my error and I'm sure I can purpose it. It is VERY hard, as hard as wooden floors. It has an EXTREME order, it will be outside for awhile. This thing looks like it can handle a beating. I'll be pairing it with a rug for now, but its almost not worth using for what I originally bought it for (exercise mat).
they came bent up but they are used for practice anyway
It doesn't change color to say when it is full, but I think it works.
The instructions on setting up this pole are very vague, and it doesn't include how to take it down.
Could be a little bigger and better strap.
Eye patch was hard to get out of packaging. Once placed it stays on well but a little difficult to pull off.
Did not compare to the popular name brand , but did work better than typical ice chest.
Still has to put tape on
The gloves are ok, but I could really use some more cushion. These gloves would be great for beginners and have good wrist support. I've been kickboxing 5x a week for the past few years and think I need something a bit more advanced. They don't feel like they would withstand the volume of punching I do for very long.
I have small hands and order the Medium. The leather is stiff so hard to really do anything in. So far they have been warm although today will be the real test at -13 degrees.
Definitely does the trick, I sweat so much after working out when wearing this. My only complaint is the product starts to wear and stretch out and doesn't hug your waist or stomach as snug as before (which ultimately starts affecting amount of sweat produced). I wouldn't say I'm someone who overused it or works out intensely. Mild-medium user.
Started turning my arm green!
Definitely not strong enough to hold 40lbs but it holds a medium sized pistol.
Returned because fingers became numb after walking for an hour in 40 degree weather.
I usually get Large pants, and these are a little tight. They are super comfortable though.
The fit is good. My biggest disappointment was that the floral pattern is mostly on the inside of the band where you can't see it. So the band looks mostly black. Otherwise it's comfortable and fits well.
I didn't even get to use it before it got disfigured in the dishwasher and i used the top rack.
Heavy durable tee but top needed duck tape after first use to avoid further damaging the ball base.
Expected to see through them better. They were a little blurry.
If you can find these at a price point of $15, or less, that's pretty reasonable for what you're getting. The knife is heavy, some say too heavy for EDC, but I like the weight. Helps make for a more effective closed blade strike, if necessary/desired. It fits the hand with the ends exposed, making an impact weapon. The steel is on the softer side, but sharpens readily. It's not anything I need to be consistently 'shaving' sharp. I have razors for that purpose. All in all a serviceable knife for general use. And if lost, or confiscated, you're not much out- of- pocket to replace it.
I purchased three of these units kind of wish they were a little longer from the wall
the charger is a duty cycle charger and noisy (rather than a modern digital charger.) The massager shape is weird. The motor strength is decent. I do not know how long the battery life is.
Nice seat. Took 2 months to receive it. I guess the Chinese make these to order.
It looks okay, I bought it to put on a sword rack on the wall. The problem is that when it arrived it came with a big crack on one side of the sheath. Good thing I can just display the other side. Not so happy with it arriving like that and considering it was packaged pretty well I think that it happened at some point before that and was shipped without looking at it.
look great but kinda small
The ear plugs are great and really let me enjoy the water without constantly getting water in my ear. The cap was meant for long hair but is so tight it hurts with my long hair
The biggest issue is the lock to hold the basket on the attachment. It's great to have it but it usually doesn't unlock! It's difficult to get close enough to counters with the basket on and I can't wrench it off without breaking it. This should be fixed. If I had to use this long-term I would return it. This item came up in my search for a basket for a knee scooter. It does fit though it slides around on the handlebar. The inserts provided are either too small, and it slides, or too large so it can't screw together. Since it's made for a different type handlebar the "anchor" screw to push up against the bar that is normally on a bike doesn't work. Overall, it's not a big deal as it just hangs down against the main pole of the scooter.
Worked great until it didn't! Magnet seems to have started to disintegrate and lost its holding power. Hopefully the "Full Life Warranty" will cover a replacement. Will update as required.
Plastic. Should have read closer.
They didn't last long....
Glad I bought this one and not the more expensive one. She doesn't keep it on her and doesn't practice so I saved money
I was hoping these would be a little bigger. They are only big enough to go around your head once. Other than that - they are nice.
It's nice , just couldnt fit my Samsung Galaxy s8+ with earphone,, but phone fits without earphones plug to it, they sent another and i really like that one
it's just average. the size is great, but as you pay more attention to the quality it's really just average. the ergo handle didn't match up to the release button where your thumb should be. too bad because the built is actually pretty sturdy and i would use it during the rainy days, but just knowing that things don't match up exactly like it should with any other umbrella, is very disappointing.
Ok board. Mine came missing some paint on board. Maybe not best quality control but does the job.
Make sure you order a size up
Comfortable but a little thick considering they are lower compression
I originally ordered these in l/xl because the pair of compression socks I already own are size large but these were much too big and I returned them and ordered the s/m. The first pair of s/m that I tried on and wore fit fine but the next day when I put on a second pair, they were too big. Not quite as big as the l/xl I had returned but somewhere in between the two sizes. I tried a third pair and they also fit. I double checked the packaging and they all say s/m. I checked all the socks and of the 7 pairs, 2 are too big and 1 pair has one large sock and one small sock as you can see on the left in the photo. I took a picture of the 5 pairs I haven't worn so you can see the difference in size. I'm not going to bother to return them because I've already returned one set of these socks and I still ended up with 4 pairs of socks I can use, which for the price is still a good deal (hence the 3 stars). However, I'm not confident about how these will handle washing based on their quality control standards. For sizing purposes, I'm 5'7” with 17” calves and a size 9 1/2 foot. The l/xl came up over my knee caps and didn't feel tight. The s/m comes almost up to my knee and feels like it provides mild to moderate compression. The compression isn't as strong as the moderate futuro brand I own but it is enough to keep my ankles from swelling after standing all day and they're easier to get on. If the socks were all the correct size, I would have given them 5 stars.
GREAT QUALITY BUT THE WIDTH AND LENGTH ARE MINIMAL .I HAVE A 14 FT. BOAT WITH A 80 IN. BEAM.. THE COVER WAS SUPPOSED TO FIT 14 TO 15 FT.BOATS WITH A 86 IN. BEAM. BY THE TIME YOU STRETCH IT OVER THE WINDSHIELD THERE ISN'T ENOUGH OVER THE SIDES OF THE BOAT TO STAY PUT..
I ordered the small and they were too big! No compression at all. Sent them back and bought neoprene ones!
Like other members state, the holes do not line up for the 552 weights. The replacement was the strap. One member here had a nice idea of reversing the straps where the buckle is underneath. I actually drilled new holes, which worked out perfectly. The unit does come w/ the accessories to mount the weights. Overall, good unit with the exception of the small detail of assembly.
Wish I'd have splurged for a more expensive fitness monitor. This one is O'kay, but a real pain to charge and the battery life is pretty abysmal.
Breaks way too easily
Seems well built But smaller then expected
The stockings aren't true to size. They compression holds very tight which is very good.
It's not a shiny material. Looks better in the photo. It serves the purpose for my husband. He wears it to the gym, cutting grass, on the weekends when we're active.
OK but the full rack works better to get a tight rack
This product is terrific for rolling your muscles. However there are much better options for trigger point therapy. The straight stick and knobs are not practical for typical trigger point therapy.
I've had elbow pain the past week from sleeping incorrectly, these help to remind me not to sleep with my arm extended but does not relieve pain.
Bought these for fly fishing, they should be great for everything else.
It works ok- I mainly use it for hip thrust so it would move a bit unless I tight it up really hard. I have purchased a Velcro pad instead.
The cotton swabs do as expected but the handles will break with very little force.
Bottle is great - definitely keeps water cold. Lid is easily broken and then doesn't seal at all, which makes the bottle useless. Not recommended for anyone who might accidentally drop it - the lid will break. We bought 3 and all 3 lids are cracked now.
These prior reviews had me sold, unfortunately for me my hair still got wet, not drenched but wet
I just got my longboard today, and was super excited to ride it to school. The wheels on 2 of the only spin for a couple of seconds and the other spin great so ill have to go and buy new bearings. other wise it works great.
when you raise the beam, the male part (from the beam itself) and female part (the base) go together, but the bolt that comes with it does not fit good into the male parts screw holes so it causes it to be very wobbly.. but it works just not sturdy..
Liked the finish, but larger than I thought and was very hard to open. As I wanted an EDC which could be operated with one hand, this definitely was not a knife I could use. In general I like Kershaw, but the Manifold was not for me. I ended up gifting it to my grandson who is much larger and could actually operate the knife.
Rope is shorter than advertised, handles slip out of hands. Turns very nice weight is good. Would not buy again for money as it is just too short.
I'd prefer it had come to my door instead of my mailbox. Otherwise, I feel like I should be paying postage as opposed to shipping and handling.
This stuff was recommended to me after cosmetic surgery. Unfortunately, I didn't get to see how well it works - apparently, I'm allergic to something in the adhesive (probably latex) and got an angry red allergic reaction. Exercise care.
I bought this and did what the majority suggested by sizing up one size. Way too big. Don't size up, just measure your wrist and follow the sizing chart.
The sling could be longer and the plastic clip and ring are cheap. This sling is for kids playing airsoft.
A Large is really large. Bought for a teenager but gave to our neighbor because they' too big. Will buy again but go for a small.
This is fine. I didn't feel like it was all that special and it doesn't smell super. I went back to soap and water.
I was looking for a light duty utility belt and that is exactly what I got. It is light weight , comes with numerous holsters ( most I am not even using) and is exactly what you expect for under $25.00. my only complaint is that it takes so long to form the material to be used with cuffs, oc spray and the mags. the lightweight material just honestly doesn't hold shape like I expected,
I received a slightly tilted item. I thought this is how it was designed. It was better to hold like that as well, but later I saw that the main shaft is bent/damaged, and that's why there was the tilt. Also the material of the umbrella is not the best one. It should be water repellent or resistant, but it seemed like it was getting wet.
It is good for the price, but not the best quality. you get what you pay for
Very nice for the price. I have been fishing with them and they swim alright. A few don't swim well but overall they work. Still haven't caught a fish with them.
So far so good. Very reasonable price and I'm happy to have a band with a buckle rather than the original stupid clasp thing that wore out quickly and kept detaching. I'm a big guy and would've preferred a slightly longer band but it seems to be staying on.... otherwise would give 5 stars.
So I read all the reviews so far so good. It is loud and the chain but I prefer the noise over a cord that stretches out over time. I would at this point recommend it to others. I just need to check with my neighbor underneath me does he hear it I don't think so but my entire neighborhood is super quiet. Outside of that its great of course I wish there was more resistance but i'm going to buy wrist weights so boom arms good and I'm going to buy the plastic workout suit so I can really really sweat. But as a person who is Obese and has osteoarthritis in both knees this is a must have.
Holy crap this will go SUCH a long way. BE AWARE: this black is a blue-base (maybe even slightly green) and didn't end up matching the true black leather that I had.
Great bag works well plenty of storage
250lbs of human in the chair has ripped the inside seam (where the seat and side wall come together). On both chairs. Otherwise, these are completely awesome chairs! I have repaired the rips, and just ask heavier folks to bring their own chairs, or use chairs that are already provided at the campsite (like where we are staying currently).
Size is a little off I should of got a small if your 30-32 get a small
This was basically exactly what I wanted. They are high quality and function how I would expect. Nice mix of classic look and features. The little tag to show what club the sock is intended for is perfect.
Love the hat but they do not leave much room for adjustment if you have a larger head! Will have to replace the velcro on the back to make it fit better.
Made a live well for sardines and anchovies for pier / shore fishing. Ice chest + this kit + 12v marine battery kept my bait alive until i ran out. Remember to throw a 5 gallon bucket of ocean water in every half hour or so and you'll be fine. Slits in the PVC (water outlet) were a little narrow and had a tendency to clog with fish scales if i didn't clear them, so i opened up the holes a bit. Over all, not a bad buy; the other components were much more expensive, but this seems to hold up as long as you flush the pump when you get home.
Does as described. Pedometer accurate and heart rate pretty close. Battery about 2 days. 2 weeks in and still doing okay. The phone app could use some improvements.
This hand exerciser is just what I needed since slightly injuring the muscles in my hand . Just by squeezing the metal coil I can feel it helping to flex that muscle. It's like instant therapy.
Love it, and it's so beautiful. But didn't give 5 stars because the seem could be neater. I'm hoping that it will hold up to repeated usage.
I haven't been able to use it tracking a critter yet. I have tested it in various "simulations" to ensure it will help me. I got it because I'm red/green color blind so I sometimes struggle picking up blood on it's own which is frustrating. I do feel this will help me greatly after testing it out. The strength of the light and overall build quality is excellent. I now keep it in my hunting pack at all times to help when the moment comes.
Very comfortable and sturdy. Great amount of compression!
It does the job, but not as sturdy as we had hoped. We thought that we were getting a higher grade of metal, but it is what we ordered.
I suppose product color is irrelevant due to what the intended use of this product is, but I'm still a little salty. 4 stars.
I had a difficult time fitting one of the two mirrors in my bike handle. One side fits ok, but I could not get the other one all the way in the other side. Other than that, it's a nice mirror. I love the fact that it's adjustable in many ways, which gave me the flexibility I need. And it looks good on my black bike.
A little small but perfect for a ground blind.
I like this item, easy to set up and use. The only thing I don't like is trying to get it back in the bag. ugh I bought a golf mat too so I could use it in my hall. Would be nice if a mat was included.
I need a half size smaller. Love the variety of rings I received . Very comfortable!!!!
Fast delivery to Canada. Thanks
Works but not as nice to turn and use to tighten.
First sword I bought on Amazon and honestly not that disappointed, the only critique that I have is that it came and what looks like very used condition there's stains all over the sword itself and the sheath, it also had a very weird smell to it.
Nice build, fits perfect. Great product for the price.
Work great. After a couple tailgates these start losing grain. No major complaints though.
The silver in the band isn't as silver or shinny as in pictures, but still looks good. Looks like it might last through some rough wear, but we'll see.
Loved it! However, some of these come with a little design that has a pointy end (ex. The star) and at times it's uncomfortable for the kids. But bc you get so many you have plenty of options of the safer ones.
Advice.. Measure twice & order once. Looks to be very good quality, unfortunately I ordered too large so waiting for the new one. Confident it will be of equal quality.
Very pleased with this purchase ..
Surprisingly good for a low-budget knife!
Good knife, what I expect from Cold Steel but in personal preference I like the bowie
Nice tape, easy to read in centimeters or inches, but it is too wide for the edge of kayak so I had to cut it down to size, fast shipping
Can't speak about durability yet but they've been very popular with the kids and have allowed us to play when dark out!
Great rod for the price and great feel. With the Stealth reel it's a winner.
The material on the backhand is breathable so I've never felt my hands get overly sweaty because I was wearing these. If/when the pair I bought has finally seen its last day, I'll be buying another pair of these.
I use this product for strengthening my upper back and arms. I only use the heavy band and it works well. I doubt I'll use the other two weaker strengths.
Good goggles...but I left them outside and the tint is starting to discolor...comfortable...
Durable, but very tight.
I have long toes and they still fit perfect I have not had them long enough to know how durable they are.I wear toe-shoes all the time
It's better used for short bursted workouts but it does slightly shuffle around after extended use.
Not bad for the price
I was very pleased with the tumbler. The overall look of it wasn't super eye catching but we are big golf fans here so the simple design and logo are still appealing to us. (wish it would be available in multiple colors, though) The lid was easy to take on and off. The part of the lid that you can open and close was great! It closed completely and securely which was much appreciated! No leaks! Most importantly, the tumbler kept my coffee hot for a much longer period of time than any mugs that I currently own. This will be great for the cold winter months! The size was just right and it fit in my vehicle's cup holder without any issues. I'm excited to try it for cold beverages, too, just to see if it can out perform the tumblers that I was previously using. My only real complaint is that it's not dishwasher safe. I know it's a higher quality tumbler and made of stainless steel but it can be a pain to have to hand wash at times; especially when I'm in a hurry! Overall, this is a great product, though, and one that I would definitely recommend!
I liked that this was a small item and that it plugs into any outlet. The sellers are fanatical about making sure the item works and that you are satisfied with their product.
Good shorts, wish the material was a little heavier. Fit was good, followed the other reviews on sizing. Like the draw string.
This is a good quality sturdy leak proof water bottle. The time markings make me disciplined about drinking lot more water than i used to. One minor thing i noticed - the time marker on the left side should have been 12 pm. Instead it is 12 am.
My band from Physical therapy broke after a year, so this is a replacement for me. Does slip around it you use the over the door attachment sideways - which my PT band did not.
The rear sight is to wide and needed me to put a thick shim under it so I could tighten it and make it snug. This caused the thing to not line up correctly to sight in. A problem I haven't been able to resolve yet. My mounting rails ,front and rear are standard and measure the same. I tried reversing the two sights and the front works anywhere as it should. The rear sight is to wide and will not tighten up to both sides of the rail
Searched youtube for some videos how to reduce the size. Takes some time getting used to but works fine.
Although the scope was smaller in size than I expected. The view is clear, sharp and easy to focus. I found it important to start with 20 and the increase the power after locating the subject. I liked the fine focus located on the barrel of the scope. The smaller size has the advantage of being easier to carry while birding. I prefer my full size tripod rather than the included tripod.
This was a gift for my nieces. It's in their room as a night light they quite love it
just what we were looking for scooter
This is a good looking bird and it works well. Like most folks, I've had some issues with the tubing, but it is easy enough to change, came with extras, and is readily available.
Excellent Customer Service!!! the light its very bright and intense, the one I bought stoped working after a few months but they send a New one as soon as I told them!!! great Value
I think this is a bit better than the standard band
helpful streching my back & in other forms...
I got these for my fiancé. he is a chef and they have been holding up pretty well so far. But thy loose some star not arriving when promised.
works well. Dont like the fact you have to unhook part of band for it to fit. But otherwise does it's job.
Good solution for replacement part no longer made.
This is a good product for the price. It is very sturdy and well made for a budget tee. The two things I would like to see in the future would be the ability for other toppers such as a brush. Also, being that this is most likely used as a travel tee it should have a bag. Other than that it is a great product.
Fits perfectly, but broke in less than a year. I guess it's an ok product for the price.
Easy to put up and works as advertised
Received my CenterPoint Sniper 370 yesterday. The sling was missing from the box, but I probably would never have used it anyway. It took about 10 shots to get it sighted in on bullseye at 10 yards. After that BINGO! It put three bolts within ½ of each other, dead on bullseye. Many reviewers complained of creepy trigger pull, but mine is crisp and release is smooth. VERY pleases with the 370 so far. About three weeks until bow season opens in Louisiana, so I have time to practice at longer ranges. The only reason I don't rate it at five stars is because the sling was missing from the box.
It does the job but it seems a little to long and when the hammer strikes the end of this fixture it puts pressure on the front of the lower receiver and if done to much will mare the finish. Maybe mine was cut wrong ?
This is a sturdy ball, however, the 55" is not good office seating. I am 5'2" and at my desk while sitting on the ball, my chin is just above my standard desk. Going back.
Grip is fairly good but the covers do not seem to be tightly glued to the bladder. It isn't really priced on the high end, so who cares about the minor covers issue. I can always buy a crazy glue and do what I need to do (if/when needed). A decent basketball overall.
Super sturdy, could probably defend yourself from a wild dog with this case. Would buy again for more chips if the stakes get high enough.
Didn't fit as expected. I tried it on my daughter and I was really flexible. However, it was too loose for her and it kept rolling up and coming off. If you have a larger head, this may be for you.
This is a gorgeous band, but a little difficult to put on due to the magnet closure constantly sticking as you try to adjust the band. The photo is with my rose gold 3rd gen Apple Watch for color comparison. The band is very adjustable and my go to design due to having a very small wrist that's often too small for other Apple Watch bands to fit.
Seems to be of the normal quality of other exercise balls that I've had and around the same price point.
These are thick and sturdy. They stay in place. I would like to have one more smaller band for even more resistance. These are good. I like them. They seem like they will last a long time.
Fly mask arrived in a timely manner. The "horse" size fits my large quartet horse well. My only complaint is that the ears are a couple of inches too long so they tend to flop and irritate him. Seems to be well-made. I would recommend this purchase.
It wasn't really hard to assemble
This is a great addition to my Egyptian themed living room but wish there was some carvings on the handle
Sweet fit. Great i don't have to take off belt to move it around.
It is a good night vision for the price.if i go by you get what u pay for i believe this one is above better.hard to focus specially if u zoom in other then that once i got use to it i like it
Purchased as present for sister. She loved it! Good, solid umbrella, easy to open and close, very pretty.
I am a small female and injured my knee earlier this year. I bought quite a few braces. This one fit better than most and i kept going back to it. I wish i could have gotten pink or white, tho- just my preference.
Solid construction. Setup is not bad. It holds several fingerprints, but sometimes does not open on the first try. If you are looking for quick response, do not get a fingerprint vault.
This is wonderful for playing in the evening. If left outside it loses air frequently.
Could be a little wider but fits well enough.
I love tht it is waterproof but I would have loved it more if it had some side pockets to put smaller items in.
Holds all of his arrows and he loves it
This is my 2nd one and I love it for the price. All it could use is a strap on this or the holding case. I don't wear a belt all the time so the belt style loop on the carrying case is not practical.
Leaks a little bit great overall
I like the design, very cute. I like that it is glass. I wish it held more water. Overall a great product.
Love them for work and driving when it is not that sunny outside or working inside around metal like I do.
The products are beautiful, the shipping was prompt, and their mission is fantastic. I love my new matt, block, and strap.
First time user of cap/plugs and i was pleasantly surprised how well it helped for lap swimming. I bought this type of cap to get the over-ear coverage that other caps do not provide - find it rolls up a little as your neck is bending with your swimming (this could be my personal form being off though).
Edges of clip a little on the sharp side. Rough on the hand or finger if clipped to pocket or belt loop. Dress down with a Dremel. Otherwise, works like advertised.
Looks good, shoots good, only complaint.... it's all plastic, except for the barrel.
Great knife for the money. As other reviews have noted, this is a bulky knife. Not something you'd want to carry in your pocket everyday. Blade is nice and solid/thick, and sharp, but the action is not as smooth or lightening fast as I was hoping it would be. Overall, solid everyday work knife for sure!
Most of the workouts are advanced. Not for beginners or apartments if people below you.
After 2 weeks using them driving a forklift in a warehouse freezer, I decided to buy a second pair because they do a great job keeping my hands warm at work. They are great for keeping the wind out when im traveling on my forklift, though they dont have good grip for handling boxes otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
I haven't used it yet, just unboxed it, but it seems well made. The pad is manufactured by Dupont, again a good sign. Although I did wonder if it was stained in some way or if that's just the color scheme? see pic...
Great product, great price! didn't give it 5 stars because they are kinda hard to blow up. Other than that, we love them!
Exactly as described
I decided to order this UTG rear sight ( I ordered the front sight too) for my semi-budget AR build, and am pleased with my purchase. The sight seems well made from aluminum, however the press to release button function is a little stiff. I applied some lube which helped, and I am sure that with use it will free up more. The price point was probably the biggest selling point, that and feeling pretty confident I wasn't getting some cheap MagPul PTS sight or a knock-off. I haven't had time to get to the range yet, but I'm pretty sure it won't take too long to get them sighted in.
Board is nice and heavy and well made. The hardware is great to plumb the board. Heals nice. Packaging is not so great... board had a dent on the outer rim from being dropped or something (did not effect game play).
Good quality mug. I ordered two at different times. Both came wrapped in thin cheap bubble wrap and thrown in a box with other items. One made it to me safely, the other did not. I had to exchange the broken one, but it was at no cost to me. If you are ordering it at the last minute, have a backup in case it arrives broken.
Bought them for my dock but they are a little small for that. I'll probably use them like lots of the reviewers do, for furniture, serving trays, towel hooks, etc. not worth sending back.
Keeps my hat from that horrible sweat stained look!
I gave it only 4 stars simply because I have not used the product. I ordered it to the wrong address and the people there acted like they never received a package. There is not much I can do, I screwed up not Amazon or Concealment Express. I am a broke college student and cannot afford another at this time. Maybe in a few months I can give a full review.
Belt loop holes are huge.
A little harder than i wanted. But not bad.
Went an entire year and took over 10,000 pictures on the AA Lithium Batteries and there still not dead. However, bought 2 of these cameras both are still working but one the daytime pictures are pink?
So, the blue is not the same as pictured. It's, actually, a light baby blue rather than a royal blue. Other than that, it's a great bottle. Tall, wide mouth, locking flip top lid, lighter weight than I thought it would be but very solid.
The tie stings just fall out, but I don't use them anyway.
The wristband is pretty and the right color (rose gold). The little tool that came with it helped with taking links out to make it fit, but some instructions would have been nice. Also I really thin fingernails that bend under any pressure, so when I attempted to open what I thought was the buckle my fingernails bent backwards, cause it was the buckle, it was just really tight, my boyfriend has to open it for me. What I'm concerned about, when my boyfriend took links out, he said the pins were rusty and said not to get it wet or sweaty, cause that will spread up the rusting.
I got this in hopes that it wouldn't bother my son as much as the plastic one he currently has. It wasn't really much different for him and seems kind of flimsy, but we use it. I had high hopes for this product, but it is just ok.
Well made sharp purple is good and bright.
I love 64 oz all in one container. It stays fairly cool all day. It is awkward to drink out of. You do need to drink from the side, if not the closure for the lid will be in the way of your nose.
I like it just didn't know it was that big, I actually wanted one that I could carry in my pocket book. However haven't had a chance to use it yet. Thanks
Works great with G19 with TLR-1 HL. As with any light bearing holster there is a little room to really wiggle your finger down into the holster and touch the trigger but overall this isn't an issue for standard carry. Also you ha e to really place the firearm in there the correct way or it gets finicky. Great concept for a paddle style holster 4/5
I bought these for my daughters but borrowed one from her to wear for the complaint free nation challenge. Both my daughter and I really like the bracelets, however, after wearing one (the orange one) day and night for a month, the writing was starting to wear off. I ordered another set not only to replace the bracelet I borrowed from my daughter but I wanted a set for myself.
Nice heft but finish wearing off quickly.
I like it and using it every day.
Gift for my Daughter
Easy to work. Doesn't properly track steps. Always put may too many. I can take 4 steps, looks back at it and it will say I took 10-12
This is a good product but if it had adjustable straps beneath the ears, as shown in the picture, it would be more comfortable. Even so, this helmet will do the job.
Pros: tracks steps; shows text messages (if you enable the feature through the app); extremely easy setup with the app; looks quite similar to a Fitbit Cons: so very difficult to remove the bands to change the device (my fingers are still sore a day later); I ordered the blue band because in the color it looks like a blueish-grey, unfortunately it's just blue; the texts aren't easy to read because the screen is so narrow and long. Bottom line- if you want this as a very inexpensive alternative to a Fitbit and aren't worried about it being easy to read texts, then this is the device for you. I really just wanted something to track my steps because it's easier to wear this than carry my phone everywhere. The difficulty of removing the bands though is pretty tough for me to get past and I don't look forward to having to do it again. I have a feeling I will break it at some point which will render the device useless.
Love my new bands, comfortable to wear.
I bought both front and rear flip open covers. I gave it only a 4 star because of the rubber part. Don't know or feel it will last long term... we'll see. These are Trijicon specific... meaning they are from and for Trijicon. Which I wad glade to see. Dont believe they will work on another manufacturers scope. They are made of rubber and plastic. The door/cover is plastic... and the mount to scope is somewhat a stretch fit. It is tight when installed and you must align the holes onto scope. Protecting your weapons sight lenses are important... you know why, especially Trijicon's they don't run cheep.
Cute but runs a tad bit small and short for how I like my T-shirt's
Awesome gift, sadly one came broken, but i would purchase from these folks again
I ordered the Midnight Black backpack but they sent a gray one. The prodcut itself seems good quality but 4 stars--I'd give it 5 if they had sent the one I wanted.
This is great for the beginning stepper. Sturdy and easy to adjust height. My only word of caution is that it is smaller than expected. On the upside, that makes it easy to store out of the way. But I wear a size 7 1/2 shoe and my feet fit just right. I would be nervous if my feet were much bigger. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.
Got these to help with pregnancy-related swelling and varicose veins. Provides great compression, but it was quite a bit of a workout to pull these on. Once on, worked great, but the top part can gradually slide down, which can be hard to adjust if you're wearing pants. Otherwise, good stockings.
I wished it had a perforations
Somewhat small, but super efficient!
Actually this product works great. I gave it four stars because the bins could stand to be deeper.
my favorite go to knife smart a light weight quick opening funtional already order 2 more i would like to see one for law enforcement
The boards or slippery. And the bag ripped after second time using them. They work but sucks that the bag isn't usable anymore. LED lights work great!
sturdy yet light weight - good shooting platform that is easy to set up - I really like the pivoting head. Virtually silent operation is really nice. Only drawback for me is it is still a little short for me if all three legs aren't fully extended (like when on uneven ground), I am 6'1" tall and have to lean over a little bit under these conditions but it works. Definitely worth the $$.
This combo came today, and I'm pretty happy with it. The rod seems well-made, and the finish is great! Looks really nice. Just be sure to check your knots. The leader/line and line/backing knots both came undone with a slight tug. Had to tie them back on. No big deal, but I'm glad I checked before I went fishing. The flies are garbage, which I think we all knew anyway. The fly box is great though. Going to make it my nymph box. Very satisfied with it for the price. Will update when I take it out on the streams.
Fast shipping and love it! The blade felt a little dull but that was easily fixed, hence why I didn't give it five stars. Satisfied with this product overall!
Awesome light but the switch button has a glitch. Sometimes you have to tap the unit for it to turn on; makes hunting a little more challenging. Solid body, animals are recognizable easily at 100 yds.
Easy to wear, but the stiff part of the velcro digs into my arm. I haven't felt relief yet, hoping to soon!
Very sturdy but hard to close...
They need help with the look of these gloves but besides that they are a great deal. Padding is soft and sticky and the finger support seems well built. I just received them but so far so good. You wont be looking very stylish but you'll be making saves....
The mini trampoline is great to jump in when you are in your room and I like that it fits nicely in my room. My siblings and friends enjoy jumping and bouncing on it. I don't really like that to jump higher, you have to jump hard and it doesn't feel that bouncy when you try jumping higher.
I wanted a pair of leggings that I could wear while working out as well as for an everyday look. I absolutely love the material. It is not thin to where you can see through and they are super soft. They are warm to wear outside in the cooler weather. They are great to move with your body when you move. I also like that they are high waisted to hold it all in. I ordered a size medium and they fit great. The only issue I have is that the inner leg seam (crouch area) is not reinforced very well. I like more of a wider material are rather than just a single seam.
Good deal. It's sharp for now. When you first get you will have to use some strength to pull it out. Be very careful, watch your hands and make sure no one is around. After that it comes out pretty good.
so funny for gag gift, the little kids like fishing in the tub. its a win win
Looks better than the pictures. Works over glasses. Lightweight but effective
I like good case for the money
Works very well and shuts tight. I used it everyday to make sure I drink enough water but it cracked and leaked in my bad after about 10 months of use. I would have liked to continue using it for much longer, but it satisfied my needs. I may buy another one in the future.
Hard to put together. Directions where non existent for the netting. It is durable though.
This is made with soft material that makes it comfortable to wear. I wear this only in the house with my slippers or socks on. It is uncomfortable with shoes on, it is too tight for me. Overall, it does the job.
works well with my reels.
I have a bakers cyst it helps me get my steps in,and it's comfortable.
Good price and seems durable.
Decent quality and not too pricey
I use it in my bedroom so I can get my footing get in & out of bed (I'm handicap)probably get another one in the summer
They look nice , and are an inexpensive soultion they are plastic. I wish that would have been listed in the description.
I delayed before writing a review, because it was quite comfortable when I first tried out the set...and it still is! I use it in my truck as I drive alot. I was skeptical about how long it would last, and it's still like new. Has helped my lower back pain greatly. The gel seat cushion gets very stiff in cold weather; needs to be kept inside on cold nights. And seat strap on back support has held up nicely, although it could be a little longer.
1st bottle functioned great, but stopped spraying after about 6 weeks, with only minimal use (less than once a week). We didn't drop it or use inappropriate liquids or any of that. We didn't have trouble with mold yet, or it getting dry (altho we live in the desert). Contacted the seller abt the broken mist sprayer, and they very quickly sent a working replacement. We don't know how long the replacement will work, but the customer service is outstanding and we appreciate their responsiveness. Excellent!
Removed laser sight because glass was cracked when it arrived. Very accurate without laser sight! Great product for the cost! Keeping rodents out of attic!
This pack is great, only problem is the clips that hold the breakaway base aren't super strong so most of the time when you try to grab the bag it doesn't unvelcro, the whole thing comes off. Not a big deal since I'm an emergency the point is to get the pack n take it to where u need it and this will do that, just that afterwards you have to reattach the Velcro vase. Overall great!
Sturdy and comfortable. Just make sure you get the right size.
This little light is pretty impressive! I was a bit hesitant on purchasing this light, but for the price, figured I could just return it if it didn't work as advertised. 1: The install was so simple that it took me a few minutes to figure out. I assumed it was a lot harder than what it was and kept overthinking the install. 2: My eyes! This light is BRIGHT! To me, this light is perfect for your low light/no light scenarios. It's bright, but not too bright. 3: Beam Me Up! The green laser on this light is pretty awesome, says my cat. I love the fact that I can have both the light and laser on at the same time. With minor adjustments with the provided tool, your laser and light will be as accurate as your shot. The reason for my 4 stars: The light and laser button are slightly difficult to differentiate/operate while holding your firearm with a proper grip. Maybe this is something that you just have to practice with and it becomes muscle memory. Another thing, if this is going on a firearm that you plan to carry, good luck finding a holster. You'll have to use a universal nylon holster of some sort or have a custom holster made. If you're using this for training or don't require a nice IWB/OWB holster, you won't face this issue. In summary, this light does what it's designed to do, and it does it well. For the price, you can't beat it! My own issues are with the buttons and the trouble finding a holster.
Rated a 4 because weapon is to loose in Holster. Screws will not tighten enough. Price is good fast service, weapon fits draw is easy but can't tighten correctly.
Works well for a basic cycling piece of equipment. Not too much with tension adjustment, so better for longer repetitive movement.
The watch worked well for a couple of months, but then started to lose battery life quickly. I contacted customer service and they were very efficient in resolving the issue to my satisfaction.
The product does its job, it's a 30lb solid bar of steel. Simple as that. However if you want your product to arrive clean and undamaged, don't take your chances.
This product arrived within the timeframe specified. The packaging was excellent. The only reason I gave 4 stars was one of the rollers plastic holder was broken. The brokenness is not enough to return the entire item because it functions well. I might have to super-glue it in place. Overall, an excellent exercise piece of equipment. I'm enjoying my routine.
The products are good. Unfortunatly the white one is slightly stained. Pink stain maybe from the contact with the pink bracelet.
Great only problem is the white gets dirty and it shows real quick I recommend getting a different color
I liked the high end luxury feel of these rackets. I regularly play badminton and have found that many of the rackets are not that strong. But these rackets feel like good quality made with graphite and durable. However bag does not really fit many things other than rackets. A bigger bag could have been better. Overall I like these rackets.
So far so good but it is difficult to change the time
I like the compact size and it seems to be true to 400 lumens (was just a bright, if not slightly brighter as a 300 lumen light I had). Also like the fact that it fits rather tightly on a picatinny rail. note it may scratch your polymer pistol's picatinny rail as it is tight. but I prefer tight over loose, so it's OK. it's awesome on a rifle. I gave 4 stars only because I haven't tested it's endurance yet on a gun.
Read reviews that said they ran small, ordered a size up. They in fact run a smidge large.
Very nice knife. My only issue is that for a neck knife this is quite large and heavy. Would be better with a belt clip.
Haven't used yet fishing season closed but feels and looks great
I have not used my bands yet bought the green and purple My first response thick heavy duty but worried, they maybe a bit long for the bars at the gym
It works great and I bought three all had the same issue the prongs snag on my uniform and come out the or the flashlight button comes off other than that it did its job when I needed it to and that's what counts
Works awesome. I love this little chipper. I wish it would come with a putter grip, but not a deal breaker.
Work like they are supposed to
Well you get alot of them in different lengths and colors.Have yet to see how sturdy they are.Was hopeing for some larger heavy duty ones.
Not a bad product for your money! I basically bought it simply for the step tracking, which seems to be accurate. Battery life seems to be a bit short. I'm charging it every 2ish days. This was a much cheaper option that buying a new Fit-bit. Overall, it's a simple tracker with a simple app, nothing extra or fancy. So if that's what you're looking for, I would recommend this.
But still had to give 4 stars. These are super heavy and as a not-so-strong female, I have a very hard time lugging them around! But they are perfect if you're strong enough to handle them.
Got it for my boyfriend's Honda Acura. It was a bitch to put on but with some work it got on.
Not bad if you need a holster right away. It's inexpensive and does the job. I would definitely upgrade though
Feels well made sturdy bolted right up to my ar15. For the price not bad at all. The only down side is if the legs are not fully extended and bumped the legs tend to automatically extend.
It's perfect for exactly what I ordered it for. I roll it up on my mat when class is finished, and it keeps the top of the mat perfectly clean. I don't stand on it during class. It's also handy if I need a rolled up bolster during class. Then it's right there! I'm glad I bought it. Price was right.
Great product and am going to live with what was sent although ordered Insignia Blue and received Grotto Blue. Won't order from them again.
Great item! Just as pictured/described.
helps pain in my feet and legs
Dart board very nice, darts are okay the tails keep flying off but all in all good product
Filter is a perfect fit but the sensor was not. I was able to use the old sensor, but the sensor was a part of the reason for the purchase, so 4 stars.
These fit slightly snug on me. Nothing constricting, but tighter than my other options. Be aware there is NO FLY on these. You have to drop them down to relieve yourself.
I love the fact that it came with a silicone case and a carrying case and lanyard. I love that it came with its own AAA batteries too. However, I have smaller sized hands than the average person. I'm not sure if I am getting 100% accurate readings because the clamp doesn't seem to clip hard enough on my finger. I have to lightly press it together with my other hand in order for it to be tight enough on my finger to get a reading. I'm not sure if this is normal with all finger heart rate monitors, or if I got a slightly defective one. It seems to be reading okay (eventually), but I'm just assuming.
These have largely worked for our team. My girls complain that they smell bad, even after I washed them, but I guess that's just the material. They fit a bit bigger than I expected, but they get the job done.
Haven't used these yet. But they look exactly like advertised.
Foam yoga blocks vary in density. Some are softer and have more give; others are denser and firmer. These blocks are on the denser side. They have very little give in them. I'm happy with them. The strap, on the other hand, is not so great. It is a very thin material and when I fastened it, I could make it slip by pulling on opposite sides of the buckle. If you use a strap a lot in your practice, I would recommend investing in a different one that is thicker and more substantial. Also, the blocks and strap are not the same shade of purple. The blocks are much lighter than the strap. Personally, I don't care but that matters to some so I'm passing it along.
I will order a few more to use in place of those CRAPPY spinning reels that I hate to use .
As described. A good exercise tool
Is a good quality product, easy to instal and ergonomic.
Not the quietest of earplugs. Worked fine for small handgun and rifle calibers, but not enough for magnum handgun and rifle. However, hearing is great while wearing, which makes them perfect for hunting, or other situations where hearing protection is needed, but you would still like to hear conversational level sounds.
Use this to inflate my bike tires. Works great except gauge not moving. I just fill it up tell I think its full enough with air!
Worked well for our trip to Florida. The humidity was high so they didn't stay cool long.
Decoy draws doves!. I modified decoy with a staple type loop, in the back of the neck area, to be able to hoist to an overhead cable for extra visibility
Very sturdy. Comfortable for what it is (but they aren't made to be comfortable. The velcro belt keepers (supplied with belt) suck, recommend a platinum belt keeper for the outer belt and the velcro as extra security to bind the outer to inner belt. After a few accessories were slid on it has begun to fray in a few spots, recommend against moving gear around on it excessively.
Right price. Sizing little large. If you wear XL get large. Love breathability.
So far so good. Seems to be good quality
I bought this mainly because it holds Large amount of water. Goal is to drink a whole bottle each day. The cap shuts tightly and easy to drink water out of. I have no problem using it. However when I hold the water bottle upside down water does leak and drip out. It does not bother me because I never hold it upside down. Does not leak when drinking.
Very happy with purchase. Only complaint is the colors are not very Brite. Otherwise, these placemats look good. Seems well made.
I will have to let you know when our grandaughter opens it at Christmas. It was one thing on her list.
As advertised. Mine is clearly issued and used, but still plenty useable, which i expected. These are not new, so if you want it new, look elsewhere.
Very cute and great grip but large. Best fit for size 9 or higher, I'd imagine.
Fits my Blaze frame perfectly. Is a handsome color and style, but even the large size feels a bit small compared to the original band. That said, it still fits well with some room for adjustment in either direction.
I give this product a 4 star because there were no instructions provided in the box. My 18 year old son was initially perplexed because he had never dealt with one of these before. The product is sturdy and fits great. You can't beat the price with a stick. Side Note: This bi-pod could work on many different caliber guns.
Packaging was solid. Solid case for storage. Has everything you need to get started. Everything was in good shape, and I've got no complaints so far after the first few times I've had it out
I compete in Cowboy Action Shooting and needed protection that would let me ear what I need to hear with good noise protection I have only been able to use mine once because of cold weather but it did what I wanted. It allowed me to carry on conversations while others were shooting, listen to instruction, hear the timer beep and respond to any commands. I needed to increase the volume to accomplish this which does reduce the noise protections somewhat. Because of the increased volume I was hearing funny sound when others were shooting but I did not have wind noise. I talked to the Walkers Company and indicated the increase sound level was probably causing the strange noises. What I was using before cut off all hearing so this was a great upgrade. I look forward to playing to see if I can get what I need but possible reduce the strange noises. I just wish I had bought one of these sooner. Not sure I would want to try it in an enclosed area.
I haven't used yet. I bought this for an up coming trip to the Dominican. It appears to be built very well but I have not used yet.
They were really thin.
I bought for 6 years old son. Enough capacity and durability.
Great product structurally. I bought the white one and probably should have known better. It has stained like crazy and look dingy/dirty even after trying to clean it. I suggest product just make sure you go with another color other than white.
Product looks well made but the only down side is that no butane comes with the lighter
Some material is already separating. The measurements and size are right on the money.
Seems very sturdy and a no brainer to set up but one of the levelers was missing.
Bought many face mask over the past two yrs and so far this one is the best that I have found. If u we're glasses it's vented nice and your glasses don't fog up.
Really great a hidden zipper in front so you do not have to fool with the buttons, really close as a replica WWII GI shirt. Replicas are almost 150.00. I ordered a large and that is what I got. Fits just fine. It is not cotton but I did not want cotton. It also has some hidden items hon it like the zipper and some Velcro holding down the shirt pockets.
These socks are great, specifically if your feet will get wet.
These run LARGE. I got one size smaller than I thought I needed, based on the measuring instructions in the ad. But they are still a bit large for my liking. Not insurmountable, but when I replace them, I will go two sizes smaller than the measurements indicate. They do a good job of protecting the hands during weight-lifting, both of free weights and machines. For the first several times I wore them, I noticed that my palms were black after I took them off. I have not washed them yet, so maybe that will help. The stain came off my hands relatively easily, I just don't like the thought of what my skin may be absorbing in the meanwhile. I got the hot pink and they are attractive.
Size fits god. Very comfortable. Reduced swelling in coast to coast flights.
This is awesome, love it so much better than the plastic ones. Much more pliable
I've found Kastking to be a great product any problem I may of had were taking care of quickly and hassle free! I would recommend to anyone!
The product itself is fine. We did not realize these pucks are two different sizes.
Solid product. I tried another brand through Amazon of which only three out of the six actually worked properly. The fit of these is better for GT arrows, the light is visible even at midday, and they fly as true as standard nocks so far. Haven't used them in the field yet but have practiced with them. Really useful for dusk and dawn practice...get one in at close range and use it to aim at in low light. Good product, I'll buy again.
These work well and won't break the bank - mil spec
This Swim Cap is a great fit. My hair is about 14" in Length over all and this cap was able to fit my hair in comfortably with room to spare.
Easy to use with my ms
I tried to use unit right out of box and only flashlight worked. Then I charged and still same issue. I was preparing to return unit and I noticed the safety pin loose on my counter! The unit now works properly with safety pin IN the unit when firing. I give only 4 stars because this is something that should not be loose and should be attached to unit. Perhaps it was attached to unit and I am going senile and took it out! BTW: There were also no safety pin instructions on directions but perhaps I missed it because the fine print was too small!
You can't keep the beep from happening when you start the timer. As this is for a yoga class, this is undesirable
I sweat profusely. This headband absorbed a ridiculous amount of sweat and kept it from rolling into my eyes which is the reason I sought out a moisture wicking headband. After about 2 hours of constant heavy sweating the headband became overloaded and sweat began to overload the headband, which is why i only gave it a 4 star rating, but in hindsight i could have rung it out and reapplied and it probably would have been fine for another 2 hours. Overall it worked great. If you sweat but not profusely, this headband would be a 5 star and would probably last you the whole day. Get it!
Ordered two and they both arrived on time. But one package was missing a piece.
Bought these for my husband's work shoes and they are awesome. Ordered more for my son's shoes, that's how good they work. No more smelly shoes!
Was surprised these work really well.
Works but I wish it would snap to the bucket
Product came in little time. Pleased with its overall look and craftsmanship. Will update this review as I try out its fit with my XDM 9mm pistol.
These bands are great, well-made, and the colors are brilliant. The small child pictured wearing a wrist band would not be able to keep these bands on - they are the 'right size' for adults.
I only wish it held more water. Other than all that, its perfect! I got it for my sister and she loves it! Uses it with her bike.
This was a very nice bag, well constructed and nice looking. The only complaint I have is that it only holds the rackets and balls. There are no compartments for wallet or cell phone and no water bottle holder.
Absolutely love this band, so much better than original that came with it. Really like the snap closure, Only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars, is because I want to see how well it holds up. The band is more sturdy than original also. Will be buying another color for sure.
***UPDATED REVIEW*** Customer service got back with me a told me to try the watch without the aftermarket magnetic band. I switched to another metal style mesh band that didn't have a magnet and that solved the problem with the analog components not keeping time with the digital component. Review upgraded to 4 starts. (Original review below) I really do want to love this watch. After having owned FitBit trackers for years, I was looking for something different. The HR Sport appealed to me because of the Hybrid setup and the fact that it has a very long battery life, coupled with GPS tracking. The fitness tracking part seems to be spot on, and the App is easy to use, but there are some serious issues with the Analog display. First of all, the Analog display will gradually drift farther away from the digital time display at a rate of about 1 minute a day. I tried factory resets and software updates, but the same thing happens. Same goes for the hour hand. It seems to be slow and starts falling behind. There is also another issue with the small goal completion dial in the bottom. First thing in the morning it will say that I am 95% done with my goals for the day even though my step goal is 10K and the digital display says I have only done 23 steps. It seems like it does not reset back to 0, or, it has the same problem as the analog time hands, and just loses its place gradually. Hopefully they can fix the problem, because I really do like the watch. So with that said, buyer beware. If they fix the problem I will post an updated review.
These cleats appear to be of solid construction and Mother Nature has sure put them to the test this spring as they have held both jet skis through multiple storms.
Great price and good product
I use this for my hydroponic and it seem working alright
Alittle heavy but very accurate
I've had both rubber bracelets (rubber bands) fail on two famous watches. Rubber bands simply do not hold up to even light to moderate use and infrequent wearing of the watch. For the price, this band is very promising.
These are perfect to add the pinky finger hook on the sub-compact XD 45. My only complaint (and why I gave it a 4) it that the grip texture doesn't match. It doesn't look like a factory part when installed. I contacted Pearce and they stated they had no intention of trying to match the Springfield texture - which is fine, but like I said it looks like an aftermarket part when installed.
The scooter is well built and works great. The one issue is the seat. When adjusted to its lowest setting,it is too high for my 5'6" wife. She has back issues and the physiotherapist says the height of the seat throws her hips off when moving and causes her back pain. To get five stars the unit would need to be about 4" lower at the minimum seat height.
I like it because it's low profile and lightweight.
I didn't know until it came it is not to be used with shoes, so I had to buy another cardio mat to put on top of it for my workouts. The 2 mats combined are enough cushion for knee work. Buyer beware.
One of the socks had a small hole but other than that great socks
The material is kinda cheap but its a very practical bag for the price
Good value. Padded handles are worth the +/- extra $2 from the cheapest one. I have no complaints.
I like the way this looks. The adjustment setup is kind of awkward, that's the one thing I'd change.
These are strong, thick and heavy mats which we use in our personal gym. We didn't notice a great deal of off gassing like other have reviewed.
comfortable inside the belt.
Very sharp and seems reliable. Excellent for the price I paid.
I like that this is compact and just right for a red dot. I did have some frustration, as it seemed the optic was loose. It turns out that the picatinny rail is not one piece with the dovetail adapter. Once I tightened it to the base, it was rock solid. Great solution for BB guns/air rifles to use picatinny optics.
Love the "Slick Stick" attachment. This pouch will hold what you need but not much more. Has pockets to keep stuff organized and well thaught out clam shell design. Good for pack, gun belt or vehicle.
It isn't big enough to cover the helicopter, but it breathes easy and is handy for extra concealment in the woods.
Very light weight far from cheap. I can't wait to try it
I haven't had the pleasure of using this baby yet, but it's handy and compact for my purse!
I ordered this for my step dad, he has pain in his foot constantly and thought this would be a good alternative to try instead of medication. It seems to be helping. It's nice that it comes with two socks so you can wash one and wear the other. The sizes are good also. The elastic part you wrap around your food has a good closure so it stays tight.
Nice lighter but flashlight turns on accidentaly when in my pocket and runs out of battery when I need it. Needs a flashlight lock
Carabiner clip is not as sturdy as I would like but should hold up good. Needed a bigger size ear piece so glad for the various tips to choose from. Overall good product for the money
Doesn't really match the camo as it should
great product, good price, I might need slightly more compression or I would have rated 5 star
Looks good, but 3 strings already ripped off when I was putting it up, I want to return and get another one but I don't want to take it all apart again, the kids haven't jumped inside yet so I hope it's gonna be ok
Pleasantly surprised to get a great product. Use to being disappointed lately from Amazon. Took a chance on this one and couldn't be happier. Literature was minimal stumbled through installation but figured it out.
Just what I was looking for. Works great. Easy to use.
It worked for what I needed it for.
This is a good set of carbon shaft arrows for youth bow/target practice. I bought for my wife to use with an inexpensive youth compound 25# bow. They work great, but required some setup: 1. The nocks are not glued in place, but are very tight in the shaft. You will need to align them for your bow setup. For me, this meant setting the index (white) fletching outward away from the arrow rest. You simply need to grasp the nock with a small pair of pliers, and grasp the arrow shaft near the nock and twist to the correct position. 2. The nocks were too loose on my bow's string. You can carefully soften the plastic over a candle flame and squeeze the tips together with pliers or your fingers (Be careful not to burn yourself.) If you get the plastic hot enough to burn yourself, it is hotter than it needs to be. But it is easy to get it too hot, ruin the nock, and burn yourself! Alternatively, you could replace the nocks with a smaller size and avoid the flames. I chose to play with fire and am very happy with the results. Please don't burn yourself, and if you are a minor, do this only with adult supervision. These arrows are light, well made, and fly very well with the 100 gr points and 3" fletching. The screw-in points meet flush with the shafts, so these arrows will not catch on your target when you go to extract them. This is a very important upgrade over the really cheap target arrows with glued on field points! Plus you could potentially change points and use these for small game. Enjoy.
Great gloves. Good fit. No issues.
Great product..my kids loves it..
Great product, just wish the leg straps could be tightened further.
Put one on my Zebra to replace the original 30 year old grip and after 2-3 rounds to get used to it my putting is better, especially on the 4-8 footers. Definitely helps take the hands out of the stroke. Obviously they work since you see gazillions of them on the Tour. Only wish was that the front panel was a little flatter where your thumbs rest so as to more positively align the putter face. This may only be a problem for me, however, as after using the Zebra grip for 30 years it may take a bit longer to adapt.
I didn't wanna write the review til I used it cause I was skeptical. I replaced the pins (thickness of a paper clip) with cotter pins on inside and hitch pins on outside of axle. This cart is narrower and much lighter weight than my old cart but it worked well. Carried a decent sized buck over 400 yds in a cut corn field with no issues. As others have stated I also flipped the handle opposite way pictured.
My son loves it which is a plus. It does move around a bit and is a little difficult to fold up after use. I'm hoping it lasts.
I like that the towel is easy to carry for my intensive traveling. I washed it once and it shrink a bit, but hopefully fine for repeated washing.
No problems with it so far, but I wish it came with a shoulder pad.
Works well, price was OK. Not sure how long they will last, but hopeful.
The bands were great, but I wish they came with the door slits that we use for physical therapy. These are great for at home workouts though! I have bought other bands, but none of these have the tension as high as these which is why I love these bands so much!
Nice pair of safety glasses
I really liked this hat, but it was very hard and stiff. You can change the shape to anything you want, and it will stick that way, but I was always indecisive on what the shape should be. Unfortunately, my hat blew away from me before I could wear it down to a soft texture. My bad.
Watched YouTube instruction, took about 2 hours to put together. But the last piece doesn't fit. Seems the back splash hood holder design is still old one, but the seat tube has been upgraded to bigger diameter. Used saw to cut a little to be able to fit. Otherwise should be 5 stars
Good quality, the big pouch is separated into two compartments which is annoying and just gets in the way
They fit great and comfortable but I wouldn't truly say it's compression pants. They feel in between compression and fitted fit.
They fit a little loose, but I do like them a lot!
Awesome gloves. They fit my man sized (XL) hands perfectly. They're perfect to work with because they're thin and soft not bulky with a good gripping ability. The thermal lining is soft and air tight. The length of the fingertips are a little too long for me so it can be difficult to text quickly. Overall I'm very happy with this purchase and the price. They're my new favorite gloves.
It was just ok... I wish it's a little tighter.
Perfect for myself needed more water to keep me from dehydrating. I have the bottle goal to keep me going
This product works well as a stand alone watch and it also work well if you use it with the app. Very satisfied with the way it looks and the way it works.
I like it except for the lil bubbles do bother me sometimes but it has great support/
Good magnet but hardware pretty useless. Four small drywall screws it came with did not hold it to my dashboard. Plan on getting screws for your mounting needs
Helps to lose water from thighs and arms. My skin looks a bit more smooth, mostly on my thighs. I use it regularly.
Very nice socks. I like the ones with the cross straps. However, when doing complex moves they tend to slip slightly, not enough to cause a problem.
DO NOT, i repeat DO NOT try to pick these with a paper clip. The paper clip will break and will forever be stuck in a perfectly good set of handcuffs and if you forget that that paper clip is in there and you put them on as a gag or a sexual endeavor you will be stuck in them until either someone cuts you out or you die and wrinkle up so much that your lifeless limb slips from the cuffs by sheer gravity alone. DON'T DO IT. Otherwise, these are a pretty good deal for the money.
Good product but not is thick is the other brand I bought . Easy to install and nice color.
I found it easy to assemble. It is the perfect size for a 6 year old. The price was reasonable. The back board needed to be a bit larger, which would have helped. It is easy to maneuver.
We got this backpack for our son for Christmas. In using it, it is nice, has a good quality (so far) and seems like it might hold up for a little while. I zippers on this bag are very stiff, but that will work in after awhile. The main compartment is large and very deep. After putting in all the school books, there was still enough room in the bag to put in a jacket in the empty space. Even though it was not spacious enough to hold all the books and notebooks at once, I feel this bag will do the trick. Only time will tell how well it will hold up.
Great mat, a little pricey but worth it. Very sticky, almost too much so- but I like it.
comfortable fit. provides good support.
Decent for the money. The straps started breaking after a week or so, cheap zip ties have solved that problem. This gets used daily in our backyard.
This set of gloves are yellow black colored. I live in a city of snow. I had multiple gloves but I need one which helps me survive in the coldest place. Temperature goes from 0 degree to -30 degrees and more and we really need more comfortable and more survivable gloves. These are very soft, very comfortable gloves. I loved the color combination.
I wish it was slightly more sturdy/stable. Also the pull up barb I wish was a. It more wider to gain better grip and prevent finger pain/slippage.
i ordered these a few months ago, after a while i checked to see if/when they were delivered. turns out they were delivered with another item. i suspect , that because they are so small, they got lost in the packaging. my bad for not being more thorough, but a friendly suggestion to make the packaging for small items stand out , say stapled to the packing list inside?
Great value for the gi and seems to hold up well. Shrinks a little over time but not a big factor.
Very sturdy seems to be well made and great value, my only issue is looks like a little bit of rust on the lock pin but mounted just fine.
Seems to be helping.
Only downfall is that it can get smelly after a few weeks of constant wear (since it's fabric), so be sure to wash/soak it
Love the look. Bought 3 of these for all my vehicles. Unfortunately the bottom Dodgers placard fell from one of them. Have to glue it back on.
It is a good product. Black looks good on my Remington shotgun. Leather laces snapped off during installation but I substituted camo paracord which looks great.
I used it to finish a kill during a hunting trip it's nice but requires sharpening often
I'd buy these again but in a xlarge size ! But GREAT PRODUCT . Does the job ! Just wish you could get a pair . Instead of buying two separate
Had to widen hole with a file and feels cheap. It works as advertised and haven't had any problems so far...
Good pellet Pistol. Red Dot sight works well after sighting in... I like this one better than the revolver I also purchased. Fits my hand better, so better control.
Love to be able to change colors.
US Army Veteran here, So I know of what I speak. I bought this as a security vest for work. Since I do security. In my picture I annotated what can be removed. Pistol Cannot be put on other side for lefties, like myself. Only Two Items can be completely removed.shoulder straps are a JOKE, the can be Velcroed tighter, but then cause a fold since it is sewn in, and you are folding material and then velcroing it down!
COOL GRAPHICS ON THE PADDLES AND BAG. ESPECIALLY LIKE THE FEEL OF THE GRIPS.
I didn't like USB charging cable it came with since it broke while I was trying to plug it in the charging stand. Luckily I have an extra one from another device. Besides that, I'm happy that I got this charger. It works good and I'm not scared that my Fitbit might fall off the table like with the original charger. I'm pretty sure it will work on a Fitbit Alta HR as well.
I really like this jump-rope. It is however a little long. I think they should offer a petite option for shorter people, but besides that its awesome. Great quality and easy to use.
Ok for price volleyball net flimsy
Worked out well, soft and quiet in your gear yet protects the reader and cards... No complaints
1 swivel came without the two split rings. Otherwise seems ok.
I really like the functionality and flexibility of this workout tool; however, I do have one small complaint. The grips that you use will eat your fingers up unless you wear workout gloves.
Perfect for running. I don't even notice I have it on while running.
Excellent construction and strength. Fits well. Top is a bit too tight and I may put a small slit in them. Otherwise I will wear them and hope they help my feet. Worth the money.
Great oroduct would recommend.
Charges well. Doesn't hold quite as long as the original but still lasts days at a time.
The material of this case is great and easy to hold. It does not scratch and it's tough for when you drop your phone. After having a clear case on my 8 plus, it does look bigger now but that's okay. I wish the bumper on the front side was bigger. If you have a glass screen protector, it's nearly flush with the case. I noticed some cases for my phone are 1/2" which seems huge, but the bumper lip extends to amply protect the screen. Overall, good value for the cost. Magpul products are great.
I use it for legs and arms gives good workout while watching TV.
This seems like a decent product and I would have worn them riding my motorcycle on chilly mornings, but I guess I didn't realize they only came in one size and they were far too large. I have a medium hand and these felt like XL on me. Far too loose. I immediately returned them. Sorry. Seems like a good product, especially for the price. I'll buy if you guys make my size. To the creator: I'm looking not only for something that keeps me warm, but fingers that are snug, not loose.
Good for standing, stairs and walking. But not for sitting as a deep crease develops behind your knee and affects circulation
I am a woman with very small hands so I went with the small /x small size. There is no way these would fit a man. They are tight around the palm & top of hand, fingers fit fine. I was ready to return them for a larger size, but other than that they seem very comfortable. I will probably keep them.
Let me just begin with, my posture is terrible. The moment I put the on my whole back cracked in a good way, this is definitely helping my posture when I wear it! Edit: it makes arms sore if you wear it on bare skin.
not bad, for the price, you cant beat it
Seems to work fine. Slips up a little bit and the nape of my hairline (in the back) can get a bit sweaty but not often.
Smaller than i expected but still ok.
Ass kicker, but works.
Battery on bottom is only complaint. I like that does not auto turn off also. Would buy again but only for rail mount.
The product was helpful and I find out many of the outdoor sports suppliers cannot touch the prices. It has made me shop on Amazon then Bass Pro Shop. Bass Pro shop cannot compare. I have gone to many of my favorit sporting stores and they don't carry many of the items.
Pretty nice longboard for the price. Rides smooth but one wheel squeaks and doesnt float as smoothly like the other wheels. But what do you expect for that price.
Exactly as described, Works great
Seems fine. Will see how it holds up.
Not a true 1/2 gallon bought this to replace my original half gallon from another company. It would take one and half of these to be a true half gallon of water but it's very pretty and I don't mind having to fill it up so I'm keeping it.
The seller did great. The manufacturer not so great. Doesn't pop crimped primers out...decap rod backs out
But shorter than expectes but works
Real quick to get it loose, just a bit of a nuisance to put on the first time. Very well made extremely strong.
Not bad but not great. My only complaint if any is that I don't like how it can freely slide back and forth. Handles on mine came scuffed up but not enough to justify returning for a refund. For a $10 jump rope I'm happy with it and will see lots of use.
Bought the bench over Black Friday 2018 weekend.. so far i have worked out three times on it and it does the job. If you do not have time to wait at the gym and need a bench that is compact for home use, i recommend this product... thanks.
I expected this to be heavier. It moves a lot when it's hit.
Swim cap works alright. Hair got damp, but it's tough to find a cap that will keep your hair 100% dry, so - shrug. The goggles are pretty cool. Again, typical issues - very minimal fogging and leaking over time.
I loved them but just know they are really slippery
This is exactly what I was looking for. I love my Coldest water bottle with the new 2.0 lid but the small handle on the lid means you have to hold with 1 finger if you have larger hands. The paracord handle solves that and adds a couple pouches for phone or whatever. The only SUPER nit picky issue is that the draw string should have been placed where it doesn't interfere with the front zipper pocket. Great product
Wish there were a button so it would zero out quickly with one touch. I use it for golf, and zero it with each hole. But great value for three, with two spare in case whom I golf with may need a counter.
fit great on both adult and my daughter who is 9, since strap is adjustable. large bag. velcro piece in center is okay, rather have zipper. size of holes in mesh was pretty good. not for small shark teeth, but for shells, sun block, glasses or anything else with any size to it that you'd like to carry at the beach. they really came in handy
Bought it for my granny on her trip to Israel. She is not a big woman but the XL was too tight for her comfort. She used it a bit and it helped but became uncomfortable after a while. Update: The seller did contact me and offered to replace the brace with another version for free. I will bump my 3 stars to a 4 for customer satisfaction. I hope this new version works out better, and I will try to update my review when she receives the new ones. Update 2: The new ones came in and they were a better fit, but she feels the original ones helped her knees better. Thank you Sable for your customer support and willingness to send a new pair for free.
Light is very bright. Not sure why they have a strobe option. So far has performed as expected.
Its very pretty and a great price. The only problem I've noticed after wearing it a few hours is it becomes loose. The clasp is magnetic so it gradually loosens the more you move.
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas. He is only just barely 6 but has been a soccer junkie since his older sisters played when he was 3. He seemed to like it, but he is playing indoor soccer now and will play outside (Chicago area) in May. His father, who has played since he was 5, thought it was a good gift.
Looks good and nice and bright easy to install
Very good. Blade a little heavy.
Shear amount of bobber stops is convenient to have, however, the packaging quality and the actual stops are okay at best. Mine came on a cardboard sheet that was awkwardly rolled to fit for shipping which tore some of the packages open. With that, sometimes taking a new individual bobber stop package off the sheet can be tricky not to tear. The actual bobber stops are decent, they are comparable to Eagle Claw bobber stops that I normally fish. The rise/slippage is minor in my experience so far of about 15 individual packs.
Good product, perfect for lightweight back packing and camping.
Nice sturdy bag for the price, I may buy another one.
These were great on vacation. It did take a little practice to drink out of a bottle that wasn't rigid. They're tricky to clean and feel like they're truly clean because of the ridges.
It gets the job done. It you're looking for wrist and firearm training, look no further. For the price and quality, this is the one.
Pretty cool and compact to have and keep track of your eating habits.
Good design, good quality
Typical bball shorts, fit as expected. Priced Right.
awkward at first but it does help with the back and i have a lot of back issues. I don't always remember to use it but when i do it works well
The tape is of good enough quality, I'm just not 100% sold on the benefit of it. I had/have Achilles tendinitis from running and I didn't really notice much difference.
It works good the few times I have fired my rifle. I will not know the quality until time has past.
Works great, just wish it could of had a molle attachment
I purchased this item and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the weights. I used a few over the weekend, they clinched on a fly line and actually stayed as positioned. These are small weights, suitable for probably a 5 wt or less rod/rig set up with 4 or 5x tippet. My only negative is that the case these come is not the easiest to turn to access the individual bays of shot, just takes a little bit of work which could be tough if trying to get to the various shot sizes while on the water. For the price, it's a good deal.
While I've only towed it (haven't ridden it yet) the kids enjoy riding it in facing forward. Towing it backwards (chariot style) wasn't as much fun for them. The construction is very solid. I used a shop vacuum to inflate it with the hose on the exhaust of the vacuum.
Received this yesterday. It was easy to follow the directions and put it together. Works well but not nearly as well as a water resistance rower. It's basically a super strong rubber band that allows you to mimic the rowing motion.
Just what i was looking for
Good product and it does its job. U have to wear it while you working out. It will help to support your back too
My 14 year old daughter used this bag at the Walt Disney Parks and got a lot of compliments about the bag. It is comfortable to wear. We had to put a clip across to attach the strings to keep the strings from slipping down from her shoulders. Better for broader shoulders. It was a great price and it definitely exceeded my expectations.
I like it and wear it regularly. But I should have ordered one size larger to fit properly.
Not the greatest holster, but some may like the fit and feel of it, what I do like is that nearly all my pistols can work with this bellyband holster, which is a plus
Great toy. Doesn't have a badminton net, but the description didn't indicate it would. Thanks !!
Bought as an xmas gift for son. Backpack is roomy and sturdy. Bought a battery pack for the USB.
This piece is one we are using for cosplay purposes. The weight, color, and design makes it perfect for our purposes.
Causes some air bubbles but i did it at night so I probably didn't do my best job but it's good and cheap. But only one roll only got my hood so I need to buy probably two more but besides that it looks good.
I like the vibrant color of the license plate border. The font is exactly what I hoped for.
A little flimsy, but my kid enjoys it.
Expected better quality material but still good
Well made for the money. Used for a year on my a.r with no issues to speak of. Wouldn't count on it to come off than reattach and hold zero. But will certainly perform very well when left on the rifle.
I bought this pillow in anticipation of a field exercise in the coming weeks. My at-home pillow is rather expensive, soft yet supportive, and generally very comfortable, which I've grown accustomed to. The wise owl pillow is a bit stiff, in comparison, but overall pretty decent. My only true gripe is that the memory foam pieces inside do squish down while you're sleeping on it, not just when you roll it up to pack it away (who'd have thought??). This just means a flat pillow that needs some fluffing, nothing catastrophic. I did order a small and wish I had opted for the medium for added comfort, but was worried about space considering the rest of my kit. We'll see how it performs on the cot, but I'm satisfied so far.
These were amazing first lift, felt great support in my knees and able to go hard. I have to figure out how tight is too tight - blood flow.
Although these work for the most part, the tracker does need movement to keep track of your steps. So if you are resting on a basket and wandering around Target or the grocery store, it does not keep up with those steps. Also, it only gets 4 stars because the app seems to have many issues. I have lost my progress twice because I had to uninstall and then reinstall the app because it would force close. It seems especially bad after updates. This time I just gave it a few days and it started working again. I love the USB charger. I can wear it for about a week before it needs charged again.
This product works good i just wish the heat pack inside was bigger and covered a bigger area.
Little small, ripped on seems... however I do have gorilla hands
This knife feels pretty sturdy upon first impression, the spine is thick and substantial. It feels pretty good in the hand and I'm very sure it would survive what I intend to do with it. The only downside is the sheath/scabbard which feels pretty flimsy and cheap, its made of lower quality nylon which I understand schrade has to do to keep costs low, I would still buy this knife if its $5-10 more if they would have thrown in a kydex or a leather sheath that would give this excellent knife some justice.
I really like this pretty and mesh ventilates well. The reason for a 4 is I wish it had a third pocket like my last bag
I purchased a Browning hunting vest last year for my 45 lb Springer Spaniel. It was a size M, and it didn't fit her well and constantly slid to her side while out in the field. I was very disappointed. I was a bit hesitant to purchase this vest but i will say I am very satisfied.
I've had this band for months now and it holds up well and looks really great. You can wear it with anything. One thing that annoys me is that it snags on everything but I just unhook it and keep on moving.
great pack but shoulder straps a little short for big guy.
Absolutly love these shorts. I now own four pairs and use them constantly (using legging's underneath to make sure everthing stays hidden) for yoga or HITT training. They are very comfortable and i love the pockets with the zipper. On that note the reason why i gave these shorts only four stars, is because the zippers tend to get stuck. On one of the shorts, the zipper is completely jammed in the closed position and i cant seem to get it opened. But not a major loss, because i still have the other pocket.
Works as it should, and not bad price for two.
Little on the heavy side.looks like it well get the job done.
Beautiful knife but not clean work on details
I like the water bottle size, perfect for handbag.
Fits well and looks good. Hope to use it in 2 months.
Pretty but chain was not long enough
This band feels and looks identical to a much more expensive apple branded one. However the part that locks into the watch itself is a bit short as you might notice in one of my pictures. It's not a huge downside, and you cant beat the price.
I think this really work I'm about 90% pain free. Cheaper on Walmart though
It's a step. Its fine. However, if you do pushups on it - the ridges on the top hurt your hands. I'd recommend one w/ a pad or just get a towel to lay on top. For the price, its great though.
Like the portable setup and versatility. Need to have different levels of resistance bands.
The shoes fit well but your feet do slide out the back as mentioned in previous reviews. I am a size 7 in women's for most shoes. My foot goes in perfect, it doesn't feel tight in any areas, but as mentioned the back of my feet slip out. Overall it doesn't bug me as I am not a pro when it comes to bowling, I just walk a little more carefully when I approach the lane. The shoe is cute and I get a lot of compliments on them when I'm bowling. Just be careful not to go at it too fast, you might lose your shoe!
Great product wish i could respond to texts and calls
Bought for my husband and works great to protect against wear. Easy to put on.
They still are the thickest cotton sock around but the quality has definitely gone down from twenty years ago. They just don't hold up that well.
The quality of this glove is what I expected for the price. This glove will be used about once or twice a week for about 3 months. It does break in quickly.
fit well over my sons glasses without rubbing on the lenses! Fits the kids well and also fit the grown ups well! overall a great pair of goggles. (the mask is really thin and awkward to put on but fine to keep the wind off)
I work fine. They are non-magnetic. Exactly what I needed works great thanks
Received a user guide via e-mail before the goggles arrived which was extremely helpful. Purchased the dark black and in the southwest desert sun it's perfect. Focus is pretty wacky in the peripheral and not optimally clear looking forward, but clean enough to navigate...nearsighted is sharp. The only issue is the seal isn't 100% throwing off the wall sideways--leaks a little bit. Not a comfortable diver's set unless you're willing to choke your face. Well made product, looks good, and price is on point. Worth the purchase for the casual swimmer.
It fits as expected and advertised, It washes up really nice and even after several washing's it still looks like new
Too expensive. My fault.
It was purchased as a gift and haven't had feedback from the person I gave it to. I am pleased with the quick service though.
Does its job as expected.
Cute, but don't stay in place
Only used them once, but, the boys didn't complain. My only real issue is I couldn't figure out how to get the nose piece off to trade out the lens(no instructions). Maybe someone else already posted this or it's common knowledge to some, but, just in case.. you have to squeeze the tips(ends) together to release the nose piece.
It would be nice if you provided even longer shoelaces for those with wider feet.
Very comfortable, wish the fingers were a little longer
I LOVED this cup. It was beautiful. Only thing is you MUST be very careful. It's made of glass no protective coating. I bumped it with my elbow on the counter on accident and it shattered the second day after buying it. I was so upset. 😩
Got it for our Grandaughters 3rd Birthday. She jumped on it right away and loved it!
fits my phone and water with enough room for keys
Love these shorts they wear well. Lots of pockets for stuff so I don't have to take a purse all of the time.
Surprisingly solid, good airflow. The size of the goals could be larger to make them more difficult to defend. Easy assembly, even in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve
Good well built gun. The magazine is extremely difficult to reload. Standard speed loaders won't work on it as far as I can tell. Make la reloading for a kid even tougher.
Love the sheath and how easy it is to clip on to a belt. It is a little thin, but with the ring on the end it is very easy to draw and hold without shifting your grip. Not too sharp out of the box, but strong and well made.
The durabilty on these are terrific! Its so strong that it was able to flex a bit more. Like this purchase is for those that are advanced in there fitness and have a good amount of strength. I use the pink one a lot because its the longest one more space easier for me to use, but there resistence is all the same so keep that in mind. Still not a bad purchase, just wish it had more flex in it.
Quick shipping. Good fit and are great for the gym. They don't dry as quickly as some of wool running socks but they cost a fraction of the money. Great value.
Had to return product thought it was adjustable weights and was not
Leading off, this attachment feels absolutely wonderful. I only knock a star off because the ridges inside are really annoying to clean. They hold on to whatever gets inside, have to be scrubbed to get it out, and take forever to dry.
It's beautiful and comfortable once you get it on. It is impossible for me to put on alone which is the only drawback. I broke the clasp attempting for the 5th time to put it on. I bought a tool to assist me so we will see once it comes
I've caught some fish using these but they are cheap. A lit of the faux feathering comes off within a few casts. But they do have some decent action to them. For the amount you receive for the price you pay you can't really go wrong.
Good looking and functional. Just not real tight and they work themselves up off the club........But nice!
Makes me more comfortable and more visible and it does have a 360 feature a visibility in all directions would normally be five stars because it can help save your life but what do you have to decide how you feel about one side the lights going dark after 6 months you may not wanted to go dark again after that. What I decided to switch to was the Luci solar light which has a light diameter a hundred times bigger and needs no plugging in. I use an alligator clips to clip into a regular vest and has a diameter size of a headlights with to make sure you way more visible when I'm riding my motorcycle which is a life-or-death factor at night
And does it well. I'd give it 5 stars if the material didn't start to chafe after a few hours.
Like the fit, warmth and weather resistance. I work in law enforcement and these do great for keeping warm
Hat was a little large.
Works not very heavy duty housing
Very warm but smaller than expected. Makes a great ski sock.
I really like this hatchet very nice add to my collection. It's light and travels fine three the air.
I like the gripper part. It worked well on Reds and black drum. Even worked with a sheep's head. But the scale is hard to read. Granted I am 64 and wear glasses. Tool is very nice
I've looked at many like items that were much more expensive. For the money this one is much better. Stays mounted after over 300 rounds were fired! I highly recommend this combination flashlight and laser site. only wish the laser came in green.
Great support in my arch...no more ache when I walk long distances...just wish they went farther up my leg
Rod held up fine fishing for steelhead trout but the reel isn't that great. I went out and bought a better one but for the price it is a great combo!
Received yesterday. Really liking the reminders received to get moving. Steps seem accurate enough, you just need to modify your stride (the app allows the option). I've already recommended to family as an inexpensive alternative for health tracking.
These work pretty good for carrying an extra mag. Pics shows Glock 19 15 round mag and a 24 round mag. Goes all the way done. Snug fit once pushed all the way in. Metal Clip is nice and strong. Material is a neoprene type and is comfortable. My only real complaint is getting a good purchase on mags that don't stick out further than the lip but for the price they will do just fine.
I love the cap. It's very strong and has a bit of room around the ears for my headphones. When I purchased this cap it said it comes with two caps but I only received one, that's why I gave it 4/5.
My fitbit band broke for the 3rd time in 2 years (all directly from fitbit) so I figured I'd try a 3rd party one. So far I can say the fit is good and the band feels of high quality. Can't comment on durability yet. The two things to hold the band closed are a little annoying but not a super big deal. I docked a star because I got the blue/black/grey color set and the grey band has a very purplish tint to it. Not really something I would wear and doesn't look like the grey in the photo. Blue and black are fine though.
Was of the same if not better quality than the one I use at the Gym
We use this chair for our children's sporting events. Chair is perfectly fine, but the storage bag is really flimsy and tore the first time we used it.
The quality seems good - heavy stitching and leather. I purchased the holster for my sig 1911 compact. The holster is an inch or two longer than the barrel though. It fits perfectly on my full size Ruger 1911. I will need to purchase a shorter one for my compact 1911.
Great product! Love the smell and great overall coverage!
Nice and sturdy but latches could be better.
Great bag. The cinch for the stick could use a bit of work to hold the stick. The inside of the pads to hold the stick should have high friction surfaces like rubber to help hold the stick in place if the bag tips forward or backwards.
Good value for the price but the color does wear around the ends.
A good mouthpiece if you follow the instructions very carefully. Very important to not boil for too long.
Does the trick! Minimal to no pain in my groin area when I wear this brace. If you wear boxers that aren't long, the brace might get uncomfortable after a few hours so I just wrap an unfolded bandana around my thigh before I strap up the thigh part of the brace
Lightweight and inexpensive. Perfect for my kids to use on the beach.
These were too tight for me.
Very useful for most of pump. However some of the component is not durable enough to be adapted some type of connection.
Nice hat, very warm.
Looks great, works well
Seems to foam while flushing works great on my fishing gear also
I like everything about this knob except the color. The picture on amazon looks like it should match my Penn perfectly, but when I received it, it was way more orange gold than pale gold like a Penn. Other than that, the fit and finish is good, the bearings are smooth, everything is serviceable and the install is fairly straight forward. If the color was matching the picture it would have 5 stars.
So far now really like it. Not so hard to inflate as I had seen on other reviews. Not giving 5 stars because even though is written in the ball and the case is a 65 cm ball, I received a 75 cm, so is bigger of what I wanted...
This band looks and feels like the original for a lot less cash. I bought in 3 different colors and will be getting more colors.
This worked well for my 15 month old. It seemed comfortable and I appreciated the adjustable strap. I don't know if there are any differences between any other similar models, but it worked well.
Works well, fits 15 mags well plus about a boxes of 20. Holds both gi type and the lancer transparent well, that's all I have to test. It arrived with a damaged seal ridge, looks like from the factory, so it lost a star. With a functional seal I would give 5 stars
Just what I was looking for and fits my 19x perfectly
The company is very easy to work with and they stand behind their product. The gloves are very comfortable and the fit is perfect. I did have a small tear but the gloves were replaced quickly. I really like the gloves and company.
Overall it's great. Solid, stable and good size for me, I'm 6'1", 200 lbs and works the way its supposed to. That said it only came with 3 cap nuts that had threads on them, so basically I wasnt able to secure one of the legs. Hopefully I can get a small replacement bag of the hardware.
got this reel for a back up rod. tho maybe not the best reel in the world it is functional and good enough for what I bought it for. worth the money and would consider another
This product works great. I ordered my first one 3 years ago this month. Case in point, I still have the same phone. I'm hard on phones and have sent this one swimming in rivers,lakes, and toilets never with any issues. I have also dropped or thrown this too many times to count. It lasted 3 years before buttons started to fall off. Was happy with first purchase and hope this one works as well. Only difference is the first one came with two different raised home button stickers to go over hole in case where the home button is. This one did not and the indention where the button is does not feel right and I wonder how long the thin material at that spot will last without something covering it. I guess I'll have to order these separate. I would think the manufacturer could supply at least one given they could easily match the size of the hole. Hopefully I can find one to fit.
Great and strong but colors are way darker than pictured. Red is more purple though I wanted red.
Good sturdy belt. A bit pricey, but seems to be worth it, so far. He wears it almost everyday. Not bad lookin either.
fits great on my six-year-old.
The comfort and the protection my son likes
The red looks more pinkish/maroon than pictured.
They are nice quality bands and good colors. Was hard to figure out what size to order so next time I will go down size. They are long but still work.
This hat is good for working out and sops up the sweat and keeps it out of the eyes. Only downside is that the brim is slightly longer than normal and can get in the way when working with free weights.
Item as described works well. cup holder is a little large though.
I am on my 3rd of these hats due to them staining very easily if you sweat. I keep ordering them due to the great price, and perfect fit.
scope not the best - gun itself is powerfull (got alot of squirrels around house) - dont really need scope,pretty accurate out of box for the money its pretty good deal
Real Review from a REAL Softball mom- This net is easy to put up, however, taking it back down was a struggle for me and my spouse. We had to watch the videos over and over again, they made it look so easy, but once you are on the second to last step, it gets difficult! Upon my research this is the best net out right now. It does get the job done plus more. If I had to reconstruct it, I would make tare down easier, its just sometimes it does not want to fold small enough to get back in the travel bag...then you have to start all over. I hope this review helps! it is a good product and as far as put up and tare down, right now...this is the best one on the market :)
very satisfied...what i need for the work that i do.
Very good quality, smaller then expected according to the reviews. Have a hard time fitting 3 flakes in it.
Good product. Makes hands tacky without the mess of chalky rosin
The rings are super comfortable and a perfect fit. I ordered my normal ring size. Most of the time, I forget I'm wearing them. Unfortunately, the coating on the metallic-colored rings wears off pretty quickly. The bronze was quickly nearly black, the silver is flat grey. I probably wouldn't order a metallic color again. The two rings in the center of the photo are unworn, the two on the right were silver and bronze before I wore them.
The packaging was trash. The bolts, washers, and screws were scattered all over the place. However, it was only missing one lock nut. Not bad for the price though, pretty solid and sturdy.
Definitely keeps your neck area warm.love it.
Works good, good price.
Not bad. Does the job. I was expecting the pads to be more on the soft squishy side. They were both one sided. But it serves its purpose
The table itself is exactly what you would hope for but one small problem the black paint on the sides seems to peel off quite easily not very noticeable but the only thing preventing this table from being a 5 star!
Bought as a gift. Can't speak to it's functionality. Wish it came packaged to showcase the item and it's usefulness better.
"This smart band can track almost anything that I want it to. It shows me the time even date. It tracks my steps all the time, and gives me a very detailed report, including distance and calories by day, week, month or year. It can also track my sleep, and heart rate. After I connect the smart band with my cellphone, it can also remind me while a call or a message coming. Amazing product. It is definitely worth the price of it."
I like that this is sturdy. My 2 year old drops it and throws it frequently but it has some dents but still seals. I also think it is a good size
I ordered these for my dad. He says the compression is tighter in the right place to relieve plantar fascitis.
Only a 4 because I haven't used them yet. Filled them with sand and no problems. They seal very well. Sand gives them some serious weight. Seem like a great value.,
These do their job and keep you dry. But I believe in the description it says it won't ride up on you. They do big time, so not always comfortable.
Nice seat ...can't wait to try it on the water
A good bottle thus far, does everything as advertised but I have a problem with the lid. It won't close properly so it doesn't seem secure enough
Love it!!! Just hard to take off lol
Just what I needed for hiking. Clipped these onto our belts or packs with carabiner clips to keep water handy. Also did help keep water cooler longer. Seems to be well made. Handy product for the price.
It's a plain and simple baseball. Works well with my 31" bat for any newbies out there. Great for practice. However, the ball gets dirty easily with any terrain that's not a baseball field. Should be fine for any type of player.
It is best when it's very new. After one wearing, it starts to scrunch down and develops a crease from the heel up toward the ankle. I don't think this affects the function too much, but it can be a little bit uncomfortable on my ankle bone if a shoe hits that spot. It doesn't go away with washing either. However, this brace fits in my shoes better than the other ones I have tried and it seems to offer pretty good support.
Pretty good. Has held together in the wind. Lightweight for being sturdy. Haven't had to replace and I usually go through a couple umbrellas every summer. Wide enough for 1. Collapses nicely but does not compact. My friends think it's awesome that it folds in the “wrong way”, I guess my friends are the easily amused type. Either way, nice umbrella
They are fine. 12 darts for this cheap .
Comfortable and works well
has a lot the sticks arent that great but everything else works perfect.
golf stuff just what we wanted. PACKAGING SOOOOOOOOOOOOO HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND WASTEFUL!!! COULD HAVE FIT 10X THE SIZE OF MY ORDER IN IT :(
Really liked this hat. It kept my head ears warm in freezing weather during a pro football game at the meadow-lands. The one issue is the one size fits all. I usually wear a 7 1/4 fitted cap, and this was a little big on me. So I had to adjust the hat multiple times during the game. Other then that you can"t go wrong. If it came in different sizes I would have given it 5 stars.
I've tried several Kydex holsters. One had nice secure retention, but a bulbous clip and a texture like sandpaper. Not at all comfortable for wearing against skin. One was nice and soft against the skin, but the retention, even though it was adjustable, would not hold the firearm securely, even though it was supposed to be fit to my specific model. This one from CYA? Just right. Nice secure retention, nice smooth surface against the skin. I only wish that these units were designed to accept replaceable metal clips. Perhaps that would create too much of a premature wear risk. But only the metal clips seem to be as flat as I want, with secure retention.
I really like the size of the product. The three bands fold neatly into the cute black pouch that comes with them. The three weights gives me the versatility I am looking for. The pouch with the three bands fits easily into my hand and into any small space in my backpack. I think I expected them to be a bit more heavy duty, but so far they are holding up really well. It would be nice if a small booklet of suggested exercises came with them, but this information is easily googled.
These work great, but they are bulky.
The material seemed thinner than I was expecting, but then again, it wasn't the most expensive bag on the market. Lots of pockets, and the straps are pretty solid. The zippers seem to be pretty sturdy.
So I initially got this spiky red ball for my back I obviously then realized it was better for my feet. It feels great and it's sturdy my dog got a hold of it and no dents or anything was done to the ball. I would order from them again.
looks exactly how in looks in the photo, the only downside is that for the price I expected it to bring a bag for it.
Overall, this is a cheap, Chinese-made, but functional portable makeshift pull-up bar, which is a great alternative to a stationary one. Annoying that a search on Amazon doesn't show it, as I found it indirectly. I put it in the backyard and will also use it to attach a child swing. Sturdy, but I would not recommend doing excessively vigorous activities on it, like aerial yoga. Took one star off because the instructions are a microscopic drawing with a terribly illogical commentary written in horrendous English.
UPDATE: The seller sent me a replacement at no charge, which I appreciate. I will still use these for dog walking, but will be more careful about where I clip them. So useful during nighttime walks. Wish the clip was more secure - these have already been lost.
Does what I wanted and the price was right. Still trying to figure how to configure to bracelets to one account.
Cuts braided line easily
Its not the cure but I have noticed a difference. I have been using it for the past week and it has kept my foot stretched at night so it doesn't hurt as bad in the mornings but I think I may just be needing more time to get used to it.
I like it so far. I ordered the green wrist band. The only thing I do not like is that the wrist band takes on color from your clothes. I am not a dirty person and will need to keep cleaning this and order another color band. I have a hearing impairment and the vibration on the alarm works well to wake me up. I cannot hear other alarm clocks. I also like the sleep mode, seeing how much sleep I actually get.
We bought this watch for our 8 year old daughter. She wanted a fit bit watch, so this was our compromise, but we love it! She really wanted a step counter especially and has been really pleased with this one! She wears it ALL THE TIME and even sleeps with it on, so it must be comfortable!! She loves looking through the different categories to see how many steps she's gone each day, how many minutes she's been active, etc. We don't use all the functions, like the sleep or exercise tracker on the smartphone app, mainly because she does not have her own smartphone to link it to, although, we've found the app to be a bit challenging to use. Overall, we are very pleased with this watch. The battery stays charged a good while, as well.
Great for the price kept us warm, only complaint is it's a little too slippery on the inside. It's definitely a different material inside than the outside but it's not much different.
A Little light, but as advertized and function well
Worked pretty well, some water did get inside
Very Happy with this buy
4 stars... and i'll tell you why. Negative: The bar was not fully coated with the black rust resistant spray, there were small parts at the knurling that had silver/iron streaks where it was not fully coated. Positive: Structurally solid!! Comes oil sprayed for rust prevention, knurling on this bar is superb! Grips better than any curl bar i've ever used. Feels heavier than most curl bars i've lifted at the gym, which I like! I really dig the fist decal, doesn't seem cheap. As I'm writing this review I see that the GOPLUS black coated curl bar is out of stock and its only showing the chrome one. OVERALL: Worth buying! Just not having the knurling fully coated in black was a tad disappointing, but I know this bar will last years to come!
Good mostly stickers and they work
I saw that Enso was selling silicone bracelets for $20 each. Very pricey, so I thought I'd check on Amazon first. These are less than $2 each! This set looks very similar to one of the styles Enso sells. Unfortunately for me, they felt too small. My wrists are 7" and they felt tight, so I returned them. For anyone with smaller wrists, I'm sure they would be great.
I really like it the only thing that I gave 4 stars is bc I kinda hart Po put on
Great style, like the fit - only drawback is the fasteners - they come apart
Pockets are very shallow. Big enough for a wallet. Always checking my pockets when wearing these shorts to make sure I didn't lose it
What to give to someone who has everything? This was a hit and well accepted.
I really like it. You seriously can't breathe once you wear it.
I twisted my foot in a fall and I needed something to add some extra support (more than what I was getting from compression socks) for my right foot about 2 inches down from my smallest toe. This product did exactly what I needed, it compressed better than socks but not uncomfortable enough to make me take it off. It would be nice if it was a little longer but, for my needs it was perfect and I could wear it under regular socks.
The carbide sharpeners work well and it is great to have the ability to use the correct blade angle for the knife. I tried using the ceramic sharpener without much success and I've given up on it.
Overall it works as intended... I have yet to test the torque and it accuracy (I'll post an update if I get around to it). I would buy this again given the option over the other tool style. Pros: -nice tool case -bits appear to be of good quality and build -tool felt sturdy and clear indication of when you hit the dialed torque (click) Cons: -poor English instructions -the torque dial is slightly offset from selected value.
Good quality fabric and well stiched bag. Good size for carrying sports kit (esp Cricket/Baseball).
Medium size fit like a compression shirt should and matches measurements as described. Gun holder on both sides works well and stitched securely. I have a laser so it was tight which makes it a little hard to get out. There is a hammer on end so that rubbed a little on my arm just under arm pit but once I put a button up shirt on I didn't feel it. Overall it does what advertised just depends on what type you are carrying.
It is supposed to accept 4 oz of popcorn, but you can easily do 6 oz at a time. There are a number of unpopped kernels no matter how many oz you use, but it is worth having. We have a video room and candy counter so it is perfect for us.
I cant wait to shoot these but doubt they would br very accurate. There are imperfections and seams visible, you can feel them when you roll them around in your hand. Still a nice heavy slug, hope they fit in the clip alright.
The band insert that's made to hold the band in place after you buckle it is too big and it slides down and I'm constantly having to re insert it to keep it on and its really frustrating. Other than that the bands I got are cute.
My boy is learning the art of shooting. He has a little savage rascal 22 and loves shooting this little target. He tries to get all four flipped up and hit the top one with 5 shots. The Orange Stickers came off immediately though. Hit each target once and they blew off which isn't a big deal. Thus far though it seems like it will hold up to a .22 LR. I sure wouldn't shoot it with anything else though. I have not had very good luck with Caldwell products in the past but hopefully that will change with this item.
I like it when it first arrived. The material feels really nice, soft and warm. I can use my pointer finger and thumb with my iPhone (with that metal-silk? patch). It's anti-slip as well with the silicon/gel lines on the palm side. I was kind of disappointed when I tried to text. The patch is kinda big and it's hard to type accurately. Good product overall if you only need some basic touchscreen function.
These will do. They fit great in my backpack, so there's that. They'll do just fine. The chopsticks are super lightweight which makes them a little cumbersome. I definitely got what I paid for when it comes to this set though.
It keeps liquids cold and hot, but it's heavy for a little kid and 12 oz is just not enough (that's my fault though). The color is cute, but chips if dropped on the floor, as expected.
Nice and comfortable
My son uses this everyday when he works out an.eally seems to help him
good material and the designed is beautiful
Great heavy duty construction, ive had an older model in od green for years and needed one in tan. For the price you can't beat it. Only issue is that the padding in the straps are a little thick. Kind of an issue when wearing a plate carrier. Hopefully it flattens with time
I am more confident and comfortable when I am doing squats and cleans with these knee sleeves. My knees feel better when wearing them.
It is a cool product and fits very well. The downside is when you place lotion or soap onto the ring (because the ring is on your hand at the time of applying the liquid on your hands), the liquid gets into the exterior grooves and takes a while to get the liquid out.
I bought this 4 months ago and only take it off to charge the fitbit. Every once in a while the clasps come undone and the fitbit has fallen off, and sometimes I don't even realize it. I have had to make a couple of trips back to stores to find it, it has been stepped on in a crowd and this morning I woke up and it had fallen off in my sleep. BUT - It is a "dressy" band, makes no claims of being a heavy dusty use piece of jewelry, and yet that is how I used it. so I cannot really complain for the price. I will be replacing it today, but I will also use heavier duty bands for more activity and use the replacement for "Dressy" occasions. Oh, and most of the black is worn off but it doesn't look bad, just different. All of the studs are still on it though, so that's a plus. I find this item to be in line with it's price. If you want higher quality, you will need to pay more.
We rec'd the table with a crack, contacted the seller, and a new one was sent out immediately. They were great!!
Pro: Holds a large amount of people. Stays inflated. Attached rope is great for attaching to other water toys Con: takes a while to inflate and deflate. Hand pump works the best for inflating.
Good quality, look very nice. Fairly comfortable. Runs very small. Wish there was a little support/cushion. Overall pleased with them and worth the investment over renting!
This would be great for men but it's just too thick for a women's hand. If it was half the thickness it would be fantastic to work out in and even more comfortable to wear. I love that I can wear it in the ocean and not worry about loosing it.
I have been asked to write a review about this product. It is practical. I keep inside everything I carry to go swimming (few things). Also my celular phone. I recommend it.
These also fit the fitbit Blaze, very nice 14 years super happy with them ..
Bought these because they are handy for travel and playing Gaps solitaire, the layout for which takes up a lot of space. I would give them 5 stars except that with the first deck, the corners started de-bonding almost immediately. Had to throw them away sooner than expected but the next deck is holding up fine, so I'm willing to write it off as an aberration. Also, they remain quite stiff even after extended use, so hard to riffle shuffle with a full deck.
Very fun when you play at night
These are great. Fit well. But they used to be cheaper, hence the four stars.
Good support. It definitely works well with shoes / socks. Just not as comfortable as I'd like when bare foot.
They work well for modifying kydex and plastic sheaths with eyelets for horizontal belt carry.
Nothing fancy here but it works. Good price.
Great bottle to keep track of your water intake. Sturdy and attractive
Good treadmill for the price and it fits in small spaces. Good for beginners, but it's a bit noisy.
Good for sitting up straight
The width of the bench is perfect. It is light weight enough to carry but strong enough fro most weight sets. The padding is adequate and it is a great value for the money. The fold a way feature saves a lot of space when not in use. The only 2 drawbacks are the bolster cushion is difficult to position for the lower back and the band to hold it in place can't come up high enough from below. The big issue is the location of the gap between the seat and back support, far to wide. I stuff a towel in it for comfort.
Arrived on time, packaged well, well constructed have not used it yet going fishing at the end of the month.
Love all the colors..just a little to tight.
First one I ordered came as an empty container in an envelope. Second one does the job nicely
They are sturdy and worth the price.
Waterproof, fit was a little large and they dont shrink when washed.
At this price point this is a very good deal . Finish is well completed . No rough spots . Smooth action . Quality materials . No opinion yet on edge retention ( havent had it long enough) . I'm impressed. You get (imo) more than you pay for .
Lovely little camp table. Only complaint is the bag for it seems very fragile.
Nice stick. Price is a little high but ir works great with my crossbow.
I liked it was what I ordered and cheaply made at all.
Nice quality red dot scope. Very durable.
Good product. Not like US GI, seems better.
Great sliders at a great price! Love them.
Overall very easy to use. Called in several Toms with the slate and box calls. I found the mouth piece very difficult to use.
UPS delivered an open and empty envelope package to me. I was able to catch the UPS guy and he was amazed that he delivered an empty and open envelope package. I refused the “package” and contacted Amazon for a refund. I don't want to penalize the product for UPS but want the seller to know what happened.
My wrist is very small. A smaller version would be nice, but it is still liked.
I really like the case, feels great and protective. I ordered a popsocket as well, unfortunately two different popsockets won't stay adhered to the material. But I am going to keep the case and use it, it is still very great!
I like this headband, didn't make me hot and kept the sweat from out of my eyes. The material is very good, so light, very comfortable.
Good quality, solid paint
Fits fitbit flex perfect. Had the clip fall off so placement needs to be carefully chosen. Works well overall, accurate step count when placed near body. Magnet is strong. Seems to be good quality, owned less than a week
After buying one for my wife and getting a "smart watch for my self and it not doing the things that I wanted it to do. I wanted to get something that would track my sleep and activity with longer then 1 day battery life and my wife had said that she really liked it . I like the fact that I can get a different color of band to keep them separate. the down side is when my phone and tracker are synced and i am trying to sleep it keeps waking me up with every notification my phone gets
They fit well, but do not float! So, we will be purchasing another brand that does float for use on our boat.
I love the quality, it is comfortable, is true to size and the teal matches my glasses exactly. The only problem I have is that I was supposed to get rose gold, but I received gold instead which would be fine but I bought this package specifically for the rose gold and I am not the biggest fan of gold gold. I will keep what I have, because like I said I love the teal, its a great quality product, and was an unbeatable price.
Really comfortable. I have dreadlocks and a big head and this is comfortable to me. I usually wear them like a head band, then I pull up around my locks when I sleep. The only negative is the design is really ugly on some of them. I like 2 out of each group. But I can wear the ugly ones to sleep so no big deal. Plus my son likes it so I gave him one. I plan to order more.
I have very small wrist so finding bands that will adjust to fill is hard. This band works perfectly for me
Did not fit my h&r handi rifle. Might use it on my rem 700.
Great quality. Size perfect. Delivered timely
Could be stronger. They will brake if dropped on hard surface
i just used this for the first time for 36 holes up in stratton vermont. i like this product however if using it on the fly (which is what i did) i believe you will have difficulty editing your shot history and thus your score.
The vest is soft and stretchy... the company is also great I ordered the size I thought was right for me and they are quick to send me the right size!!
Very best example of compression garb I own. Outstanding product.
It's a relatively thin material, I certainly wouldn't use this as a primary source of warmth on a cooler day. It's a great product, it's very comfortable, and has plenty of length in the arms and waist. If a more accurate description was given I'd easily give this 5 stars, but I was a bit disappointed to see I'd still need a heavier garment to provide protection from the cold. Call it a long sleeve hooded t-shirt and it's perfect.
It's sturdy, but installing a scope on it is a pain, at least if you wan't to keep it straight. As you tighten the torx screws, due to it's design the optic itself will cant, forcing you to keep turning it in the opposite direction every time you tighten a screw. To get it right, I suggest 2 bubble levels (one on the top of the scope, and another on the upper receiver). I also suggest taping a string to a wall and tying a weight on the bottom so it hangs straight down. Aim the scope at the string and use that, as well as the bubble levels, to keep the scope straight as you tighten the screws.
holding up well just what you would expect from nike we like it we have two now
Not really a strong quality but it does work
bat is good. Its price should be reduced or they should start selling individual bats.
My daughter initially really likes the knee pads, but she said a couple strings were coming loose after one practice. I haven't seen them myself, so can't confirm if it's poor quality or just something loose from finishing and packaging product.
good for what i use them for
2 out of three said they liked it
I wear them to relieve pain in feet. It seems to be helping. Thank you.
Very good if you like full-fingered gloves. Mine were a tad too small.
Work well, strong cuffs for law enforcement but be beware these cuffs are smaller than they look. They fit most wrists but if you are arresting someone with big wrists you'll need another pair.
I measured myself, and according to the chart, I am a medium. They are slightly big. I'd rather leggings be slightly big, than slightly small. The only downfall with being a little big is that I run with my phone in the pocket, and it makes it feel like my pants are going to fall down on that side (luckily, they haven't yet). Perfect size for iphone 6 plus, by the way. The material is more of a cotton feel, than spandex. I think all workout leggings should have side pockets, for phones and small essentials, which is why I bought these. For the price, I'm happy with them. They aren't the best pocketed leggings I own (which are the Saucony bullet capris/tights, btw. Those are super comfy, stay up with the phone in the pocket, and are more spandexy/moisture wicking), but for the price I can't complain. If I were to be doing a long run, or a race, I'd wear my more expensive pair. These are good for short runs, or just doing things around the house.
This is good mat for Yoga Purpose. Has nice cushion which helps you focus on yoga rather than body aches. Only thing is inside folding does not stay straight.
Nice knife, but, the small white piece on the side for your finger doesn't allow you to get close to the surface to allow for easy filleting off the skin.
Initially thought this was cheaply made and wouldn't hold up, but it seems to be good. I love this band and thinks it looks great with everything I wear. We were able to adjust the band so it fits perfectly. It's not too large or bulky and it's actually comfortable to wear!
Does what it's supposed to.
I use it with my tablet to get a bigger picture
Perfect for the price!
I bought it for my daughter-in-law and she said it cut into her wrist. I kept it for myself and it doesn't cut into my wrist but does snag clothing
This one was a little small for me but nothing wrong with the product.
Solid, does the job. Fuses can be difficult to remove.
Great stuff but it doesn't stick together for very long and falls off. It's stretchy, but that's the problem and why it will fall off. Solution!! Don't stretch it or as little as possible. If you avoid stretching it, it will stay put for a long time. If you've already put it on and stretched it, use some rubber bands at the start and end of the wrap and it will stay on for quite a while. At this price it really worth trying it out considering you get 5 rolls which cover alot of weapon/gear.
Great stand for the price! Too bad it does not rotate. That would have been a nice feature.
Getting used to the grip is odd but I love them.
Good gift for my brother who likes knives.
Completely satisfied for practicing. Set up was cumbersome and the paper stuck to the red target otherwise... it holds its own and does what it's supposed to. I bought this for my dad and set it up for him. Now he can practice in the garage or yard (I tested it for a while too)!
My husband can actually wear a ring to work now! The only problem he has is how to you clean the ring if something get on it??
Would give it 5 stars but I haven't had to try it out yet. Hope I never do.
Kids love them. Swim instructor suggested this brand. Only used a few times so far so I dont know how durable.
was hoping tit would be a bit bigger. aside from that it is very well built
Sometimes has a lot of glare on photos, sun will trigger it but over all a ok camera
My granddaughter loves it but it cracked already hmmmmm
They are okay..runs a lot on my ankles but thicker socks helped.
A friend of mine recommended this to me. I got it to sit on at work. I'm giving this four starts b/c after just a little bit of time the cushion makes my bottom feel numb. I don't know why that is. If others have found a way to avoid this problem. Please let me know.
My grandson was happy to receive this backpack. He will be using it for school.
Fits and works good for my work
Gloves are great. Soft inside and the grippers and touch screen work well. However, on the left glove the brand tag is inside the base of the glove rather than the outside like the right glove.
My grand kids love to play with this.
I ordered 2XL based on size chart, but product runs big. I gave this to my friend, and it fit her perfectly with a little wiggle :-). She's happily sweating every day during her workout, and while she's home.
It's a little lose but other than that it's great
I was looking for a quality but less expensive power cage/squat rack... this fits the bill! Quality construction. Easy assembly. Effective as bench press and squat rack.
A very handy, multi tool sharpener. It can be a little confusing at first, understanding how to position it, but once you get the hang of it, it does a fabulous job sharpening! The one item that required a bit more effort, and so I am unsure if this sharpener was the correct tool, was the axe. I haven't sharpened my machete yet, but if it does as well with that as it does with knives of all shapes and sizes and scissors too, then I am sure it will be a breeze and do an excellent job on the machete. I keep trying to come up with different items to sharpen, like my letter opener!
Fit's perfect. Loved the color. I gave 4 out of 5 stars only because the light pink band I purchased collects A LOT of dirt. When I try try clean it off it barely budged. I will purchase more, just not in the pink.
It's like an aircraft search light! It is so versatile and the choice of lights/ angles make it invaluable when light is limited.excellent, truly. i take night walks now thru devon now, beautiful and high quality. Very bright and seem to hold charge for some time, feel sturdy and well worth the money
This is a very good one.
The balaclava is warm, tight fitting and works pretty good. Not as comfortable around the eyes as I hoped, but does the job well.
Easy to mount. Good reflex. Sighted with laser but have not fired as yet.
great fitness tracker works good have not had any problems whit the charging or power love that it works with the app to keep my data so i can look back at my patterns in sleep and my heart rate helps motivate to walk more for more steps to reach goals that you can set. Dose not fit children it is a little to big for their wrist but fits adults perfect.
I'm 6'0" and 230lbs. the extra large is a bit small, but I've still gotten a lot of great use out of them
I got a size small and was able to fit my 8 month pregnant wife. Lucky on my end, not too lucky if you're looking for a perfect fit. It is has great quality, style, and cut to it.
Fits well , but will it last?
Does what it says and much cheaper.
Pretty nice, seems like a person could get a few more cards for the price, but it's what I needed.
it took me time to get used to it - it gave me cramps - but then i loved the whole thing the only observation is that the fin is too big i would have loved smaller fins or maybe there should be an option for smaller (and maybe bigger) fin (not talking about the size but about the fin itself)
Super easy assembly. It definitely takes time to get use to the settings. When you do, it functions great. We are very satisfied overall.
I'm an older college student and I move around slower these days but when my campus put electric scooters on campus I found them so much fun and wanted to get one for myself. I'm not savvy on a longboard. I have knowledge of how to use basic tools and found the scooter fairly easy to assemble. A ratchet or the supplied l-bar will tighten the bell and brake onto the handle bars and I'm letting my boyfriend figure out the phone mount for me. The app has neat little features. I've only just connected the Bluetooth to the scooter so that it can access the headlamp, cruise control, battery usage and other little specs like mileage. First electronic scooter and well so far I like this one. I'm deducting 1 star only because the disk brakes sound like it's rubbing and so I've got to get in touch with the company or ask a guy friend to check it out.
Super fast shipping and love the product. Thank you
Looked fine. Not for good wear - costume clothing. Returned because we went a different direction with costume choice and didn't need it any longer.
Everything you expect from the brand, hair-shaving sharp out of the box, attractive, clean. It's a bit big for urban pocket edc, but I've been carrying it any way. My only negative is that because of the wood paneling, it is very blade heavy and not the most balanced folding knife I own, but for most people that's a negligible characteristic and does actually make it a fairly light knife for its size.
This was an amazing purchase! The table was assembled in minutes and was well protected in the packaging. All parts were included and I was able to assemble basically without using the provided directions and with the help of my 11 year old! The table is well constructed and very durable. The only reason I did not give this purchase 5 stars was because the net had a small tear in it. Would definitely recommend as a family purchase!!
too compression. good qualify
I have the BG 4000 and 5000. Both reels work perfectly. Smooth Drag, lots of torque with that big main gear and if you have to get something up and in quickly, no problem. Be sure you rinse them down after saltwater use! Good looking reel that works well. The 4000 out fought a 30lb Striper in a heavy current...tough enough. Lubricate the main shaft regularly, or it'll squeak on you.
So far I am very happy with my new tracker. The only thing I'm unhappy with is I'm not receiving text messages to my tracker. I have checked everything and it's all set up correctly. Can anyone else relate and know how to fix this?
Went in fine, directions could be better. The bolts dont really fit but i suspect if you went really tight the plastic would certainly crack or split. Did mildly improve our 24" pontoon performance. Not super but somewhat better. Except now the boat has very hard torque steer to the right. And after 2 3 hour trips the plugs have fallen out of the slots that cover the mounting bolts. So I give it an eh rating.
I like the look and feel of this belt. I do wish it came with another inch of length as I'm just at the upper limit and after eating, it fits a bit tighter than expected.
The backpack is cool, the material is good for the price. And I received this item sooner than I expected, in 6 business days, and I'm very happy about it.
This is my 2nd attempt to submit my review. I am very pleased with this purchase. The band improves the look of the fitbit significantly, it is also so much easier to use than the other 2 types I have tried. The original band was always a task to fasten and it had an awful smell. The 2nd band would not remain clipped to the side of my fitbit and the watch fell off. Thankfully, I heard it when it fell. I have had this new band for about a week and the magnet has gotten weaker so it doesn't stay snug but I still prefer it to the original band as it never falls off and doesn't stink. I love the color but it is fading but the way the band is made it kind of makes it look like it is supposed to be that way. As long as it doesn't fade too much more it will be ok.
Very good. Well worth it
Ordered a size small but I think I got a large because it is a rather long band. Otherwise I like the product a lot. Gets snagged on clothing sometimes too...
Solid construction, vary good glass for its price class. BDC reticle accurate for 55g .223 or 5.56 rounds. Solid clicks, but the lines could line up better when replacing dials to line up zero. Scopes with this lower magnification AND side parallax adjustment are rare and this one functions great.
Good knife but weak metal. The tip broke off within a week of just cutting boxes. Might have grazed something inside but if so very lightly. Still a good knife, the broken off piece is tiny.
The product overall works very well for the price. Sometimes it takes a few times when opening the umbrella for it to “click” in place.
The was easy to install and it looks great. I like it a lot
The mesh outer pockets get torn up pretty quickly, and the stitching at the top of the bag's straps worries me. Super lightweight, but it's stock waterproofing leaves lots to be desired. Spray it down with some waterproofing spray (Gave mine a few extra coats) and it'll serve you just fine. I also worry about the bottom of the bag, for future designs, it could be thickened a little for extra durability, but if you just plan on using it for a day-pack/Go-bag and not as an everyday wear, it's fantastic.
Good product I would recommend
We wanted belts for walking that would hold water bottles but didn't want to pay close to $40 a piece. These work great and very comfortable. The only downside is it's a little hard to put the water bottle back. Not a real problem when walking but maybe a little hard to do when running. Other than that perfect!!!
I like the fact that it's very lightweight but doesn't feel flimsy. As expected for this price range, it doesn't give back the yardage as easily and quick as the Bushnell. On occasion, you have to give it a couple of tries to get the numbers. 10 seconds was the longest I've spent on retries to get the yardage. You get what you pay for. You want the yardage with slope on the first try then spend the extra $130 and get the Bushnell.
Runs large, has some visible quilting under the flap of my 18 inch close contact saddle but my mare seems to like the support.
The deep purple was perfect and so was the length and fit.
So the first one I ordered the name was spelled wrong but the seller remade it for me free of charge it was a birthday present and it took forever to come the first time and didnt make the deadline it said it would but the second one came fast and was perfect but the tip didnt last long at all
Fit me fine. Can't wear too long tho, it seems to stop circulation or something. I will try again and update this review.
works great, initially, but the pin holding the hinge got loose and cause some problem for it function. Too me some close examination to figure it out, and adjust my handling, after that it works ok again. I am concerned about its long-term use.
It's cute and it was delivered super fast 👌🏾
On the box it said China but on the blade it said Colorado Which is it? Was it made in China or Colorado?
Bought to wear for an event. Comfortable and durable.
Took some time to sync to my app and to start tracking steps but seeks to be fine now.
Great case. I went from a soft case to this one. The fact that you can mold the cushion to fit your fire arm is definitely a plus and why I purchased this case. The sponge is in squares, so you will need to be careful as you separate them. Also, when standing the case on end, the rifle may sink somewhat into the sponge. Not really a negative though. The only negative is that the spongy cushions probably will separate as I use this case over time. Not really a biggy because I probably can buy replacement cushion sponge from the local home store. The case is heavy, made of a sturdy plastic. I have not used the locks yet so I can't comment on them. With the weight of one rifle, the handle gives me confidence that it will support the weight no problem. Size wise, it will only hold one AR type rifle with a mounted scope. You will be able to make room for a few mags. That's pretty much it.
I was so excited to receive my water bottle today! Upon unboxing it everything was perfect just as advertised but only to realize the blue mouthpiece rubber was damaged or rubbed off in a way. It's not that big of a deal to me. I was going to return it and get it replaced but dont feel like going through the trouble since my schedule is busy. Just thought I would let everyone be aware of potential damage to the product upon arrival! Other than that, I would have given it 5 stars.
The lighter is designed for any item that can be placed directly into the arc (minimizes burn on the user). It's instant spark and stop ability makes it virtually invaluable for a science major who works with chemicals and gases that needs a quick lighter. being able to recharge supports a personal lifetime guarantee.
This is a great dartboard! I have had the board for 14 days now and I have used it for an hour per day (rotating it every 2 days). Pros -thin wire. I have not had a single bounce out yet (due to hitting the wire) which is the main reason I purchased a new board. Cons -the right side of the board is very loose. When I hit the 17, 2, 15, 10, 6, or 13 (in original orientation) the dart sinks up to the barrel into the board. This makes me question how well the board will hold up in this area. -the bull is very tight. When I hit the bull the dart barely sticks out of it. That said, I have never actually had an issue with a bounce out here even when getting 2 double bulls. It is just a concern that it seems likely to happen. -there are hard shiny spots in most of the Trebles. It doesn't appear to effect the dart going in, just aesthetic -small bur in the spider between the 11 and 8. This could probably cause a bounce out if I hit it, but I haven't yet While this is more cons than pros, I really do like the board and I'm happy with my purchase. None of the cons have really changed my game yet so they aren't really much to complain about. Another thing to point out is that the board did not come with the tack nails to attach the rubber feet to the back. This didn't bother me as I had purchased another mounting system for the board anyway. All in all it is a great board. For the price I am pretty happy. I would definatly purchase this board again because I'm sure that every board is a little different and the next board may not have any of these issues.
Love this bolster! Firm and supportive!! BUT how do i get rid of the paint smell??
Fits a bit smaller than expected but definitely helps break a sweat
Decent carpet. Think it could be little thicker but it is good. Boat slides off and on a lot better. Don't know where it was thinner than previous carpet or just all the dirt. I would buy again. Hopefully it holds up.
They look good, flip up nice, solid and lock upright good..the only down side is the rear sight aperture is slightly canted and raised on the right side. Not a huge deal still able to adjust windage but that little cant on the rear keeps it from 5 stars. Thanks
Good product reasonable price
The material is comfortable. It is not of high quality though so be careful when washing on a power cycle.
The first few times trying to get the band off to charge were very hard, but now it is much easier. It tracks my steps very accurately but is a bit too sensitive to when I roll over for sleep tracking. Overall good purchase though.
Go one size bigger than what you want
Bought this rest to check the sighting on several semi-autos. This rest was adequate for sighting-in. It is some kind of plastic or polymer. It is lite weight. So, it needs to be held down with your hands and/or sandbags. The adjustments are very good. There was a very little bit of wiggle in the barrel rest. But, not a significant problem. I sighted 4 pistols, with 3, 4, and 5 inch barrels. One pistol has a laser sight on the rail. I shot two 1911 pistols with the trigger guard pressed against the barrel rest. Three of them were off a little bit. Now I know they are all accurately sighted in. I also have a Caldwell Lead Sled. That unit is excellent for rifles. It is steel; but still needs sandbags to hold it in place. This unit is a good value for the price and will do the job for you. I ranked it at 4 stars because of the lite weight. It would be better if made of metal with more weight. It still seemed well made and sturdy enough.
Good for the price and I like that it's adjustable. I'm going to fill it up with sand eventually bc it falls over easily with certain strikes
I bought these sunglasses for driving in bright conditions. The polarized lenses help reduce the glare coming off of other cars. These glasses are very light and comfortable. I have skin that is sensitive and easily gets red impressions when wearing glasses for extended periods. However, these glasses are so light and the nose pads are so comfortable that I can wear them a long time without issue. I do wish that the ear pieces felt a little more snug around my (admittedly small) head. I feel like if I used these for sports or physical activity, they might fly off my head. However, as I use them mostly for driving, they are great. The case is good, but a little large for these particular glasses. The glasses rattle around quite a bit in the case. However, the case is firm enough on the outside to keep the glasses protected, and soft enough on the inside to protect the lenses. All of these minor quibbles likely would be resolved with sunglasses that cost 3 to 5 times more, but for the money, I think these glasses are a great deal.
Good stuff works like it should.. I would buy agian
My son, who has recently taken up fresh water fishing, was thrilled when he received this box as a gift. It is the perfect size for his needs. It was fun to watch how much he enjoyed organizing his tackle. The only drawback was that some of the partition dividers did not fit into the slots as easily as we thought that they should have. We actually had to use a hammer on some of the stubborn ones. Overall, the box is a good value and my son is happy with it.
Nice socks, they seem a little larger than the size posted- other than that good quality
Quality is ok. A satisfied shopping.
Nice. Just had to modify cleats to make it easier to put on and take off. Very comfortable to use with mods.
The only thing I would change is the seat, it's on a slant.
The compression sleeve brace did not fit my husband's foot. He probably would need a XL, and they at this time do not make any in that size according to the feedback I got from the seller. However the quality seemed to be good, and I kept them for myself. I hope they will include the size issue in their promotion of these Ankle Compression Sleeve Brace in the future.
These are nice and weighty and function well, however the rims get torn up from the extractor as it's soft aluminum. That makes me believe they probably won't last that long.
Dry practice is an absolute must for a serious shooter. I have several of these and they well worth more than you'll pay for them.
I like my wristband for the Fitbit! It runs a little small. Luckily I have a small wrist or I'd return it. Definitely a good buy just get the right size.
A little bit heavy but will take the abuse bought to replace an earlier version that finally wore out after 30 years
Great seat of resistance training bands. They're pretty sturdy and tough but I do worry about the longterm durability as I'm pretty tall and there's a lot of pull back. They don't dirty easily which is a plus.
It was a gift, she liked it.
The adjust easily and fit well, but the vents are in a place that makes it easy for your glasses to fog up under your goggles
I've started a TRX routine. These work well.
it is actually better looking than it appears in the picture. The fit is tight but should loosen a bit with time. I think it will work out very well with a bit of practice.
As described, great product for the money. Would buy again
Everything is good expect the length . For my wife it's looked more lengthy
I got this product because I always wanted one. I like it. I didn't expect it to be ss heavy as it is. It's very well made for the price
Overall I am very satisfied with this mat. One thing to be aware of: even the smooth side is difficult to move or slide around on. This can go both ways and be an advantage or disadvantage, depending on the individual.
This hat fits a little large and is a little tall but its a good quality hat.
Great product. Sonar worked well. 4 star though because it's probably not the best item for a shore fisher. The majority of my fishing I do from the shore and I kept losing connection at anything more than 30ish feet.
It's a bit bigger than I thought, but i will have mo problem making use of this! The seams look good, the padding is great, fits better and cost less than the other brand that caused me to look for this as a fishing bag option to begin with. The only 2 ways it could be improved from my perspective would be if there was another velcro separator option in the top section to split the storage there in half. And also if the glasses case wasn't so formed, because I use prescription sunglasses and they don't fit properly in there.
Serves its purpose of illuminating my son's room since he is scared of the dark. He loves it. The top is flimsy so have to be careful handling it.
These are not lightweight and they are not XL. They are good racquets and work well, tight strings. However, I purchased them because they are advertised as XL and these are the same as my other racquets. Also, they are not any lighter than a regular racquet. They aren't bad, but they shouldn't be advertising them as light weight or XL.
It works as described. The threads were a little tight in places. The barrel I put this on is top of the line so the thread issue is with these. Other than that these are as described.
Smaller than expected
Improves grip to 3 fingers instead of one!! But won't go in by back pocket.
Ordered two braces. Both arrived together at the same time but one was missing the plastic ziploc packaging. Braces were a snug fit (I ordered one size larger than the size recommended by the size guide after reading reviews complaints). Other than that, braces seem to work.
I like the fact it has a little more stretch than the one that came with the watch. Can come off if it hooks on something.
I like that the socks seem to help my restless legs at night after wearing them for the day. Love the colors, they look like regular knee high socks, so no one can tell that they are compression socks. They are a little hard to put on, even when you roll them up like you do for nylons. Once you get them on past your heel then they go on pretty easy. But, I'm sure that once I wear them enough to get the technique down, it will get easier. The socks are comfortable to wear all day long!
I bought several of these sleeves from different sellers, these are thicker and well-made, but I prefer the seamless ones And the elastic around the bicep is really tight.
My two-year-old grandson loves it and after 2 months of still standing so yes I would recommend it.
Great sword. Fun to swing around and spar with. Just don't full-power swing the sword at a tree. My roommate broke his sword.
I love the color, but they seem to be somewhat cheaply made
Is as expected but I wish it were less thick and shorter. My pups are not even 10lbs and will max at about 12lbs. I have 2 chinese crested pups.
Got for our grandson
I really liked this product. Easy to use and instructions were simple. The only thing is i wish they cam e with a higher resistance. i use the strongest one and I still dont think it is enough for me but other then that they are great. storing is easy. comes with a cute little back easy fit. doesnt damage the door when you use it.
Pretty good though they tend to roll a little. Only reason they're not getting 5 stars.
Does the job okay. Are very lightweight. Does lose bristles periodically.
Mounted on Buckmark Silhouette, works like a champ. Able to easily get MOA groups at 100 yards (not too shabby for a pistol). Will be re-buying for my next target pistol build
Finally found some decent underwear to work out in. I am a big dude and all kind of friction and what not happen when I run. I destroy underwear. So far these get the job done. I will be purchasing another pair. Half marathon here I come.
Love the design, but the clip is not very sturdy and falls off easily
Good looking and well built
I use this tool to replace hooks on fishing lures. On the smaller ones it can be a little tricky to get them open but it does it. This is way better than using a pocket knife or other tool. It seems sturdy enough to last.
The interior pocket is quite convenience to protect important stuffs.
Went together easy and works well
Fun game for inside on a rainy day. My grandkids are 8 & 10 and enjoyed it.
Great for the work outside. They kept my hands safe from tears. The only thing I would recommend would be a different type of grip only because they feel no so grippy. Other than that. They are worth it.
It's not that it's horrible product. When arrived it smelled & hasn't really lost smell. Also the one I had before had some give to it. This one is rock solid. (Not sure if because of thickness) didn't really notice option of diameter just length. Either way it hurts too much to use & just sits collecting dust.
I like the way they fit perfectly on my face
I really like this set. It met my expectations. I bought another set that was too hard to get to expand on all sizes. This set expands as expected for each size. The material isn't rough.
Great product,works well
Snug but really comfortable. They don't offer a real ankle brace which is what I hoped for. Good compression
Not that easy to program but it's sturdy
Good price, works well in salt water.
The material is a bit thin. See through when fully stretched out if you have larger muscular legs.
Seems to be working well but just a tiny bit too tight.
Got it as a gift and they say it is helpful.
I ordered this board for 2 reasons. 1. I was able to balance on a board like this as a kid when visiting my aunt and uncle. I loved it, practicing how to balance the board and then seeing who could balance the longest among siblings and cousins. 2. to increase my balance now. Well made, easy to set up the roller and start.
They are ok nothing special
They are easy to get on and comfortable but the socks material seems very weak and easily torn.
Great quality. Only negative is, it isn't very long. I'm 5'1 with 34DDD and it zips tight but comfortable, however the torso wrap is short. I got a medium, and a large would be far too big. It'll work under a shirt, as I will have a gap in Franco between the top and torso portion! It will ultimately do what is needed. Great for that extra sweat!
My cornhole game arrived super fast. It is a bit heavier than I expected but the built-in handle and the way the boards latch together with everything inside makes it easy to carry. It is very sturdy. This is going with us on our next cub scout camping trip.
Great with small grained powders. Allows for a more precise measure than the single discs.
I want to give less stars and more stars, I'll explain. I ordered two. One came in perfectly. Its a well made, craftsmen knife with a sturdy brush and sharp. I'm give this one a 5. The second one was unfinished. The neck that keeps the blade from opening or closing was rattling lose. The blade was dull and not sharpened. I give this a 3. An obvious overlook or issue in quality control. I'm keeping the one, and ordering the morakniv mushroom knife as the replacement, both as gifts.
Treadmill is not bad. I like the easy set up. It's not gym quality but for home in between the gym it's perfect. Start up is a little slow but it's ok for my needs.
Not as bright as I had hoped and it doesn't zoom. However it still works great.
Nice fit. Could have been a little longer for my taste. Very comfortable fabric.
Slightly bigger than your average golf glove i wear a xl in a regular glove and an xl in this is bigger on me
Not super cozy and squishy, but not papery either. True to size and works well to fill a decorative pillow case.
be sides the colour the jacket was all I wanted
These grips are nice! The one thing I noticed about them so far is that the velcro strap ripped right away, but still stays on if that makes sense!
These are a big long for my daughter but it is what the team decided to buy. She says they are super comfy and they are easy to wash! Let's hope they hold up for all 15 games...
It's a pretty band that looks just like the one from Apple. The only thing is it's not as small so it fits my extra small wrist loosely. I still wore it but did worry that it would come undone. Otherwise well made and good for occasional use.
satisfied, recommend
Good deal for the money.
Pros: LOTS of compliments and gets attention to the Ionic I wear (many people don't realize that's what the watch is). Very stylish and easy to adjust to size. Has not caused skin irritation Cons: The clasps seem like they may be loosening over time. I don't recommend wearing this band in a situation that you may loose the watch (like ziplining or something) but think it still works well day to day.
The nose on this model is too large for most, made for a European face with longer protruding nose
I do enjoy this wristband. It allows my wost to breathe easy, and I don't have to worry about peeling (sensitive skin). It complements the watch well, and it's quite sporty. I'm planning on getting the other colors also.
Good mask. Took a bit of fiddling to get it to fit my face without letting any dust from outside , but once I got that figured out it held up decently. Used this at burning man while riding bikes for 6+ hours through a few dust storms and had no issues aside from adjusting the fit now and then.
They look professional and are comfortable. The nose wipe is handy too. Easy to get off even though they fit snugly.
Fun table. It is a little flimsy, so be careful setting up and taking down. So far its been a hit at our last few parties.
I waited to give it a review because I know I like reading about the products from others so I can decide if I want to buy it or not. It's very helpful to me and I hope it is to you as well. Here it is: I love how the tracker fits because it's not uncomfortable at all. I also like the colors because it's not over the top. I bought the black and blue one. It tracks everything and even gives you message notifications like phone calls and text messages but, you only see the messages once and it's gone after you tap on it and read it and if your phone is connected to the device and in close range. My only flaw really is that the battery life doesn't last for more than 2.5 days and then it'll need charged up again. The distance is in km not miles. If anything changes, I'll let you know.
Quick delivery. Comfortable. Nice design. Easy set-up.
Took me a while to get all of the dust out of these but they're the correct size and weight so i'm happy.
It's a little cheaper than I expected. The Velcro is stiff and has a sharp edge.
Can wear it without worrying about getting stuck or causing injury
I bought this to teach my kids how to sharpen their knives. The build quality of the one I received is good, no loose parts. It's easy to use, the reason I bought it. I subtracted 1 star because there are other portable sharpening devices that will do a better job, but those are bigger and more costly. Overall I am very happy with the product as it suits my needs.
Great outdoor target and color scheme, I bought it for indoor shooting is the only problem. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the paper stock does not have enough patch dots to work with all 25 sheets.
Other than the fact I should have gone a size down, product is excellent.
I just received the holster and just tried it for comfort, fit, etc. I haven't had a chance to wear throughout the day yet but it seems like it will be very good. Overall, it seems well made. One commentator mentioned that the pistol retention snap was worthless and he was correct. It is so weak that it immediately disconnects when putting on pants over the holster. He said he replaced the snap with one that works. Because the holster seems like it is good in all other respects, I have just ordered a snap kit to replace the original snap so the pistol will be properly secured. I assume that once the snap is replaced the holster will work out quite well. If you purchase a holster, you made be able to find a craft person, seamstress, leather worker, etc. who can replace the snap for you if you don't want to try to replace it yourself. The snap is about 7/16" or 12 mm if you plan to buy a snap repair kit. As another commentator mentioned, it seems like the real problem is that the strap that goes over the back of the pistol is too short and doesn't allow the end of the retaining strap to lay flat against the pistol. this makes it easy for the strap to catch on a pant leg and snap open. When i get my snap kit I will probably just make a new retaining strap sewn to the holster so that it goes completely over the back of the pistol and lays flat against the firearm. As built now, you can see from the picture of the product, the pull tab to release the snap sticks out 90 degrees from the leg making it very easy for the snap to open. Since I am a tradesman, it's not a big deal to me to make these modifications but it might be for others. One would normally not expect to have to redesign and modify a new product to use it!
great qualilty, but a little big for small rings. perhaps they sell smaller jaws. Jaws are replaceable.
I need help with advancing the time from 90 sec..
Just what I needed for my lock box
I bought this because a broken shoulder limits my ability to reach behind. The so called appendix carry method may work for some, but if you need to lose a few pounds like I do, sitting down will cause the weapon to tilt outward at a more visible angle. I'm sure that once I get my range of motion back and can move the holster more towards the small of my back it will be fine. Overall this is a well made holster that provides good safety features for the Ruger LCP II which is a weapon that is essentially carried cocked and ready to fire.
Good for barbells but not good for chin up bar. It keeps sliding around. I guess my bar might be to thick as is but if it had some velcro straps it would be perfect. I do use it for curls though and they are good quality.
This skirt is very comfortable! However the fabric looks thick, it isn't really. For smaller ladies it might be a bit long and for myself it's too wide around the waist. To really feel comfortable, I have to fold the waistband over, to get a tighter fit. On the picture, I wore it normal, without folding the waistband. I'm 5'7", 128lbs.
I am anticipating many fish being caught on this rod.
Exactly as described. The only comment I would have is in regards to shipping. Received in a light weight box which had been badly damaged in shipping. Item only received a few minor scrapes so didn't return. Again, product was just as we expected.
Not as heavy duty material as I have had previously, but priced right and fit well.
Just started using it and it feels like it was a good investment!
Great product, but these bands are not as sturdy as advertised... especially if using everyday.
Perfect laces. It is sometimes hard to loosen them.
Does not fit large folding chairs. I have an auxiliary use for the bag so I am not taking a loss on the purchase.
It's done the job it was purchased to do.
Very good treadmill. Easy to assemble and great customer service.
I put this in with the clothes I hand-wash in the sink and line dry. They're super comfortable and breathable though and nothing really stops from wearing these for like a week straight as pajamas.
It's a little small for my golden retriever who is 80lbs. I got a large and it takes two people to zip it up...
I like it, the thickness is good, cover is made of good material that I believe will last a long time. I would give 5 stars except when I opened it it appeared to be stuffed with fairly cheap foam, something you would find in a shipping box... seems like over time it will probably wear down and not maintain it's rigidity. So just seems a bit cheap in the guts. But I could be wrong, time will tell. Overall I'm happy with it and will use it a lot.
Does what it is intended for
it is quite saggy but still good
Good buy! I use them for long term storage.
The only downfall is that the foam is not rigid and the helmet shakes when my 7 year old runs. It is designed this way so that the helmet will fit longer, and for that reason, I'm happy with the purchase.
The powder clumps some as it's packed tight in a sack. The looser it is the quicker it melts, so be sure to get it back to powder form before heating. I used it for beeswax wraps & it's very effective to get them tacky & pliable. Has a nice pine scent, not overpowering at all.
There were no size charts provided to follow. I went with the suggestions in other reviews and should have just ordered my normal size instead of going by those suggestions. I generally wear an 8-10, but based on others I thought I should size up. I was wrong. Ordering my normal size would have been fine. I didn't return as I needed the item for a cold night at a high school football game. I do appreciate that the item is exactly the same as another name brand item for less than half the price!
Really strurdy, well built.
Durable, good steel The point is a little too fine though, tip just snaped off Took a few days but can be fixed with a grindstone
I haven't managed to catch anything with it on a pier and inshore (fished in both sand & rock bottomed shore), but maybe will have better luck offshore. The material is durable however & it's a good value for the price. The item comes in a different-shaped jar and I had to move the baits & liquid to a different jar because the original apparently leaks. Would recommend putting it in a zip bag
Great product. I've had it for 6 months and it fits perfectly. I had to take it to Walmart and have them attach it to the Fitbit, since the tool the box supplied broke.
I enjoy the water bottle. It serves it's purpose by holding water. I guess I just wish the numbers and the hours were different. Like 8am 8oz, 9am 16oz and so on. Though that's not too big of an issue since I drink a lot of water anyway. Though it may be for someone who wants to track the exact ounces they drink. I put it in the dishwasher before first using it and it seemed to hold up just fine despite it saying not to put in the dishwasher. Overall decent product.
Piece of mind. Well made
Nice size/volume. Vent is a simple pull out pin Not sure I'd trust to completely seal if jug isn't stored upright Doesn't nest (x) raised on both sides.
It was the perfect gift for a family member who enjoys handheld poker electronic games. My reason for 4 stars is that it has a small screen.
Product is clear as day but does get darker with higher magnification. Overall worth every penny.
I like how fast it was
Glove fits fine, just not the color pictured so that was disappointing.
good price, fast delivery.
The strings are weak but it does the job. Great buy for the price
Once it was put together, it's sturdy, it's a great price, and I'm happy. The only issue is that it was a really tight fit. I spent a good 10 minutes trying to push with all my strength the 2 smaller pieces into the base, all while trying not to scratch, or break anything. It will NOT be sturdy and stand unless you push them all the way in. Ultimately I was successful, but it wasn't easy.
Love my sleeves they do well in protecting my arms from the sun while still keeping me cool. They are not too tight either and stay in place. They look good as well only problem is after I washed them the first time they started to unthread from the upper ends. Other than that they are great.
Kind of short for me. Not very heavy either. But its ok
very nice for the price. excellent on low power however a little hard to focus at higher power
Love the black band, fits and adjusts easily. Pink one is harder to snap on my fitbit, which is why this gets 4 stars. The space where the band clips onto the actual fitbit unit is only a millimeter off. But that's just enough to be a hassle, so the pink one is rarely used. Disappointing since the color is great, but I don't get the chance to use it because I'm worried it will come undone and I'll lose my fitbit.
Excellent case. Hate how much dust and lint it attracts but it's sold nonetheless. I also haven't had any issues using a pop socket with it.
Exactly what I expected.
Works great. A little difficult to put together
It seems this bag's dimensions are a bit polarizing. Here's my take, if you want a weekend getaway kind of bag, this is not the bag for you. Although it's duffle bag in appearance, that's not it's function. I got this bag to keep in my car to hold emergency supplies. So it has a flashlight, Gerber multi-tool, some paracord, small crank weather radio, bandage sheers, quick clot, gauze wrap, little packets of antiseptic and such, emergency blanket 2-pack, disposable poncho, and an extra pair of socks. It holds all of this and could still pack more in. It's not going to save me from every eventuality but it's a little something that could help me out in the case of an accident and it has straps that function either as a shoulder bag or a fanny pack so I can take it on the go if I had to walk a ways for help. In this capacity, this bag is a very worthwhile purchase. The reason it got 4 stars instead of 5: the zippers. Right now, brand new out of the packaging, the zippers are super stiff. I'm sure that with use they will loosen up and get easier but I don't know that for a fact. I've also seen other reviews that said their zippers broke easily. I could see that being the case with continuous use, but in the capacity of a bag in the trunk to use in an emergency and not for every day wear this bag will do just fine.
Purchased this ball to help with my knee rehab. This was a great purchase. I was able to do all my physical therapy exercises at home. I have had other yoga balls In the past, but needed a bigger size and was very happy to see this was a nice thick sturdy ball.
I like them, but I wished they stay tight after the wash. I don't dry them I air dry them. They've been falling down after a couple hours of use. Still recommend though
A great product for the price. Always like and enjoy Valeo products
Looks good works good easy set ups
Very cute addition for the family's football games.
Was a nice bag until girlfriend over-packed and broke the zipper.
The roller is too rigid causing bruising on my back. My wife is making me return it.
Too big for a teen girl but that is easily fixed
Does the job. Does rid the pain with tennis elbow. However seller is non existent. No e book. Not a word from seller.
Sexy and fits my guy beautifully. Rides just a little but not uncomfortably.
Haven't gotten to test them out yet. Unsure if it was on purpose, but the straps have different color logos.
This is a nice' presentable, stainless steel mesh band for Apple Watch. It was easy to change over and looks nice. The only drawback is that when putting on or off, the magnet is so powerful that the band "grabs" shorter unless you're holding it.
Works great keeps water cold for hours and is durable, I have dropped it on concrete several times and still works just fine.
Very good product. I found that it takes quite a few attempts for the laser to have a semi accurate distance for what you are ranging. It doesn't like medium sized objects all the time. Larger objects work great. All and all if you aren't trying to do too much with your range finder but simply figure out distance it will do the job.
This sports tracker arrived to Canada a lot quicker than estimate. No extra border charges. It is quite comfortable & easy to set-up. Accuracy is suspect. Steps when carrying & connected to the phone seems reasonably OK, most days. Today my phone was switched off because of low battery & I gained 3,500 steps, whereas 500 would be more accurate. Pulse monitor has a habit of doubling the measurement(sometimes), but for me it is obvious when this happens. DISPLAY is NOT NEARLY AS BRIGHT AS IN THE PICTURES. It is hard to read in a bright room, never mind outside in the sun. Function when phone off.I was justifying the purchase partly on using it as a cheap travel watch. At present it appears to keep time when not connected to the phone, pulse monitor works. Step counter is iffy. On walking around indoors, it subtracted steps when I reversed direction. Charge lasts 4+ days. If you are lying down the display doesn't turn on, but responds to pressing the button.
Nice Rifle Holder. Very easily mounted. You do have to be easy with them. My first set broke about the fourth time I put a rifle in them. I was out of the return window by about 7 days but the Company made it right and sent me a new set once I sent them a picture of the broken piece. Very easy to deal with.
Great cart. Fast shipping, easy to follow instructions and very light. Con- Arrived at the pier and had one light cooler, one light tackle box and 2 rods and reels. The wheel started making a lot of noise. The O- Ring that holds the wheels on started cutting into the plastic wheel. Had to cut the end off. I will be replacing he outside flat washers with larger washers and replacing the O- Rings with cotter pins.. Luckily I was able to break off 1/2 of the O Ring for temp repair until I get back home. Minor flaw, other than that I would have given 5 stars.
Perfect for my 10/22. Especially for the price. Pretty clear scope. Dont know how durable it is but hey....
This watch does everything a Fitbit Charge does plus more. The iPhone app works great and the watch data is quite accurate . The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the watch band retention holder ( the little piece that holds down the excess band) broke in less than two weeks. I would like to just get a replacement for this tiny piece. I haven't tried to contact the company yet.
too expensive - have recently found/purchased rusty and prefer them over this product
The pressure was not the expected!!
Seems like it is too lofted. May need to lean shaft forward to get roll but its winter here so not sure how well this club will work.
The game is pretty good but the bag you get with it leaves a bit to be desired. The 8 balls don't fit that well into the carrying bag. The bag is very cheep. I don't think it will last long. They need to make a better bag
Moves a little but over all a good laser. If your light works but the laser doesn't your gonna have to play around with the screws for windage and elevation.
I've had these for a year and they've held up very well. I wish there was an xxxx-heavy band, as the heaviest one is not enough for me. However this is a perfect beginner's set.
Nice set of paddles and balls. My only complaint is that the handles aren't super sturdy. The plastic handles are attached to the wooden paddles but aren't attached as well as they should be. I don't think the plastic will fall off or anything but it would have been nice if they were attached better.
Like the set up l, instructions weren't the best but kind of goth the idea on set up
Excellent product for the price. I wish I had a good work bench to mount this to because I did sets of sights holding it in my hands; yes it can be done! I gave this four out of five stars only because of two things. 1. Does the handle bar slide left and right, because it didn't for me (maybe I should have tried harder). This exacerbated the issue of me needing the pusher to be further in to rotate the handle. 2. Needing a bit more height on the rear sight mover and possibly a deeper mover. To explain, I was mounting rear sights onto a red dot plate , this was only slightly problematic. Once I had those mounted I needed to mount the plate to the pistol. First, I needed to have the pusher only engage the plate, not the sights which are suppressor height (needing more depth or height in the pusher). The height of the pusher negated me mounting the plate properly and I had to remove the slide and manually mount. Perhaps mounting the plate first would have been more workable but I was using the already mounted sights as a point of reference. One other thing to add, perhaps tick marks on the pusher instead of just on the frame (they are small and harder for me to reference than if they were on both to help with centering). All and all, this is a good quality tool for at home or even shop use, time will tell as I use it more.
Comfortable bra. Fits true to size and I love how long it is if you want to wear it as a crop top with high waisted workout pants
Not the easiest to get set up but way worth it for cool factor
Wish side pads were better. They hurt after a while.
Great product so far. Very smooth feeding it onto the reel and it seems very strong. I have not had a line break on me yet. It is easy to tie knots and they hold very well.
Fits the description its beautiful But its missing a kit to adjust to people that have small or large wrists
So this product is hilarious! Please just get it to watch your friends try it out! We couldn't stop laughing with how many times they get hit in the face (luckily they have a soft squishy ball for amateurs). Great concept but it is definatley very difficult to get the hang of but my husband continues to try! Im sure he will get better with time lol
This is a great band for the price. So far the velcro has stayed strong, and the overall look and feel of the strap is great. My only knock is that one side of the strap that slides into the Apple Watch is not flush with the watch body, and in fact sits a little loose. Other than that, I have definitely been enjoying this product.
I tried this pouch for my S&W 59. The mags fit loosely but they fit. The materials seem of good quality, and the stitching is average but not excellent. The design is very basic and gets the job done. There aren't many four mag pouches at a reasonable price and this one works fine. For hard use something else is probably better, but for my purposes this one will do.
My son bought as a gift for a teenage friend. My son thought they were cool.
I have had several of these over the years, but unfortunately lost them when they fell overboard and sunk into the deep muck of the swamp since the handle fills up quickly. This time I got smart and used a can of "Great Stuff" Spray Foam and filled the upper 2/3rd of the handle with foam. I have tested it several times in our lake and it works great. I came up with idea after re-foaming the bow & stern of my aluminum canoes, since the small white styrofoam had broken down over the years. I would highly recommend that if you purchase one of these, for a extra $3 worth of insurance, you won't loose it in the lake like I had done with my previous two push poles. If you do this, then I would have given it 5 Stars. Dr. Paul
I use these knee strap for hiking and fitness. I only use one for my right unstable knee, but it's always good to have a second strap as backup. The knee strap gives me extra support especially when I'm hiking on uneven or hilly roads.
Would be a five star review if I read the description more carefully. It is smaller than I expected. It's a great man purse, but as a an every day carry, it doesn't work for me. It can barely fit a full size composition book, let alone the three I normally carry every day. Add all the pencils and pens and other things I use daily, this bag just doesn't cut it. However, for a quick grab, it's a decent bag. It's well made, and I like it, it's just a bit smaller than I wanted. Therefore, I went an ordered one of the larger backpacks Reebow offers.
The most favorite for Me is the step counter. So far they are all Good for Me.
covers our golf cart very nicely, has the vents also. Have not had it long so hope it will holdup in the weather
Product was smaller than I was expecting, but it was a great gift. It is very sharp and can be dangerous for people who do not know how to handle a knife properly. Came with a necklace as well to allow hanging around the neck. Sheath was a little tight at first but it loosened up after taking it out a couple of times.
I had a couple of issues when I first got the kit. The vest was not sewn quite right and one of the blinking lights did not work. They were immediately responsive and quickly shipped a new complete kit. Customer service was GREAT and I will give the products as it stands a solid 4.
This is a beautiful blanket and it's very soft BUT it's very thin material. I was really hoping that it was going to be a thicker material. It'll be perfect for summer to keep the chill off when the air conditioning is on but I'm going to have to get something else for winter this year.
Love the chair. Great for an office setting. Very comfortable. The only thing I dislike is the wheels. They lock on their own and becomes very frustrating when trying to move the chair around the office.
It's a nice BB pistol. Looks and feels like a real handgun. It weighs almost as much as my Taurus! It's about the size of a midsized pistol. The BBs get stuck or deflect off of heavy gauge cardboard. Seems very sturdy.
I actually bought this for my 7' air hockey table and I realized it would be too large at the time I ordered it, but I couldn't find one to fit my table. I was pleased when I received it, because it is light enough to easily put on, but durable enough to provide good protection, which is what I needed. This is a good product.
Like all about it except... You need to remove the entire assembly (unwrap the wire) from bike to recharge - not convenient
When I first received this heated knee wrap it worked fine for one time, then the battery would not recharge. I contacted customer service and they immediately sent me a replacement battery. I got it about 3 days after contacting them. This was a great. I have used the heated knee wrap a few times since receiving the new battery and it works just fine. I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't have to deal with the original bad battery.
Was a perfect fit. Rattles very little but stays put. So far!
Great way to protect my peltor sport tac. Snug fit. Not much room for spare batteries.
Cheap quality, but functional.
I will say the battery does last longer in this fitness tracker, opposed to the color one I have. It works just fine. My husband likes it but he wishes it was color.
We actually used a garden hose and it filled up faster and easier. Everyone that has worked out with it has liked it!
Great sized bottle, and an awesome price considering it includes two covers. Our scouts will find these useful to attach to a belt or backpack. Wish the bottle was two layers to help insulate contents longer, but the price reflects that. Great gift idea.
Medium fits good! Wish it covered a little more but it'll work 🙌
It did it's job for the OTR 2 concert I attended. I will keep for future concerts
COVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT, BUT FALL ON SAFETY. YOU ONLY HAVE ON/OFF SWITCH AND THE ACTIVATION BUTTON. IF YOU FORGOT TO TURN IT OFF ,ACTIVATION BOTTON CAN BE ENGAGED BY MISTAKE ..... AND IT WILL START A FIRE..
My order came very fast. Which was great. However I lost my Fitbit the day before, so I haven't been able to try out the wristbands yet till I get another Fitbit
This fits great, but it feels just a bit soft. Will be able to know more as I use it. Appears to be good quality and quite comfortable to wear too.
I use this for yoga. It seems durable. But it's still soft feeling.
I 'd like to see the sides a little higher. We use it to play Canasta.
The diameter of the bottle will not fit in my standard water bottle holder on my bicycle, nor will it fit in my 2015 Chevy Colorado cup holder. Otherwise, it's a good bottle - keeps liquid cold, and the bite valve works great.
The fit is great. The Navy Blue is really black.
I don't think 40 medals will fit. I currently have 12 and doubt if I could fit ten more without it being to crowded. Maybe six more and then I'll have to purchase another. I do like the Bib display. I give the medal holder three stars and the Bib holder five stars. Thus, four stars. Very easy to put together.
I have this magnet installed to the right of my gear shifter for easy access. The magnet holds the gun well and sits with the barrel pointing down and the trigger guard leaning on the passenger seat. I have only had one experience where the gun flew off during a quick left hand turn. I believe the gun was riding up too high, that is to say, the gun was attached to the magnet by the tip of the barrel as oppose to a more centered attachment. I will have to reassess to if placement was in such a way as to make the gun top heavy or if I will need a second magnet.
I am very contented with this fit bit watch thing. It looks great and really adds to your ice collection. Setting it up and pairing it with my phone was a breeze. The app is intuitive and tracks many surprising details, like sleep hours. The screen is a little hard to use however and doesn't stay on for long.
They look nice, light and confortable
I have just received the knife so the four stars for sturdiness are based on appearances which I know can be deceiving sometimes. The knife arrived earlier than anticipated and in perfect condition. I wasn't sure what the finish would look like based on their own description of the treating process but the one I got is really well done with no blemishes. I watched some reviews where people thought the blade had corrosion already on it out of the box. Is not corrosion just the treatment process. I tested the sharpness on some paper and found the main cutting edge to be not quite as sharp as the other two which are scary sharp. A few seconds on my ceramic sticks and leather strop and the main blade was equal to the others so no complaints there. The sheath seems to be decent quality and has excellent retention with no rattle so I'm really happy about that. It kinda helps with the perception of quality however the giant mercenary tactical banner on the blade somewhat negates that if that makes any sense. As far as durability I really don't plan on abusing it to find out so I really can't comment. I honestly bought it because the reviews are good and I like the looks of it aside from the aforementioned logo. The knife Is definitely mini in size but fits my smaller hands well. Oh and the magnetic box closure is kinda neat as I'm pretty easily amused. YouTube has some decent review videos if you want to check it out before purchase. I know I did.
Very comfortable, lightweight; great for summer running. I have definitely noticed a difference since running with toe socks - no blisters, no toe-sticking-together and it's cooler on the feet. A little too high on ankle (they aren't “no-show “) for sneakers, but love them anyhow.
I am very please with my watch that tracks my health and texts and phone calls. It's a great value for the money.
I love this design knife. Too bad they don't make them in more colored handles like they used to.
I like these gloves. They provide a snug, comfortable fit and feel almost luxurious on my hands. Only problem was a few stitches were missed on one glove and this resulted in a small hole. I closed the hole with a couple of stitches.
I received these today, and they seem to be of good quality, and are very comfortable. The only problem I have is that there is no indication of which color stands for which resistance level
The sleeve doesn't always stay in place, so I have to pull it up periodically, but overall it does help with the knee pain I've been having.
I like this for the reminders but you have to flip it often. I'm disabled, so there are only a few exercises I can do well on each side.
Easy to setup and comes with everything you need to install. I'm only 140lbs and I notice when doing dips that the machine tends to sway back and forth a smidge, so anybody over my weight I feel it will be worse for them.. with that said I can't really find anything else negative to say about it. It works just fine for what I need it to do and the shipping was EXTREMELY FAST!!!
Works well under our treadmill. Heavy construction, wearing well so far.
I liked the feel of the sock once I got it on my foot. It was a little difficult to put on due to limited mobility of my ankle. I am sure that will resolve in time.
FOLLOW UP FEEDBACK: I added a star (3 to 4) due to my satisfaction with owners Eric and Helen who responded to my review immediately, and offered to replace my jump rope which I accepted. My new jump rope arrived within 2 days. Additional Note: I would recommend this jump rope for indoors. My experience was on concrete (rough surface at a park) not over a smooth surface. The primary reason for increasing the rating one Star was due to the prompt reply and fast delivery. ORIGINAL FEEDBACK: I bought this jump rope exclusively because I read it is also for concrete. I do not have anywhere I can jump indoors. I understand that over time this will wear, however it began scuffing after only 10 min. of jumping. I am hoping Fitness Factor will respond on one of my posts because I just bought this rope and only used it 2x. I would like Fitness Factor to send me beads (as they mentioned in another review), since I do not want to spend any more money. For me, $14 is more than my budget allows for. See attached photo of scuffing after one 10 min. jump.
Several of the bands will not click into the watch, so they are unusable. I bought 2 sets and the navy band from both sets will not work along with a few others. The ones that work are great.
purchased for my 13yo son. He is very happy with this fit watch. It does everything it is supposed to do. Cant seem to figure out the sleep monitoring. No big deal. Great price for off brand fit watch. app easy to use as well. recommend.
The only reason I deducted a star is because it runs a little small. I'm a 7 1/4 ring size and it's snug for being up to an 8 ring size. But lightweight and will do the trick
Great bat grip that lasts. We bought this grip a year ago and it is still going strong. My son takes about 100 swings a day at least 4 days a week and it has held up great.
So far these are the best/easiest way I have found to store pre-tied snells
Love my new bottle, I got rubber coated pink. Bottle feels thin but as long as you don't plan on dropping it, it should be fine. Don't leave in car on a hot day either.
Would buy again for my daughter .22 if need be nice cord and latches no issues to be found
Great band so far. I don't know about its durability yet.
I like it. It is comfortable and provides support while makes you sweat.
Fit good . Ok quality
This is very sturdy but very light. I nay get another one.
Amazing product! When i first received it, i was little disappointed due to the heaviness. But it does its job. Keep beverages hot and cold over 8 hours! Im truely enjoying this
Fits like it should. I looked like a goddess with them on, I would definitely buy again
This is a great case for the price! People werent kidding when they said it makes the phone super thick thought!!! The card slot on the back is amazing!
After continued shooting the target remained undamaged. Even a direct hit to the frame did no damage. The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's really tiny. The legs should be a foot longer to get the target above the grass. At 50 yards it's easily hidden by rolling terrain. I might weld a couple long pieces of rebar to it.
perfect fit for pistol/mag, lightweight, and high quality product for the price
The socks fit well and appear to be well constructed.
I bought this fitness watch for my brother, and so far he likes it. Doesn't have much features, but it gets the job done. It's a tad off, far as accuracy in regards to running steps and monitoring hear rate. The bands on the watch, are difficult to pull off, in order to charge. This watch does have a long battery life, and it can go a few days without needing to be charged. This watch is worth the price, and is sufficient.
Works on aluminum, but not on all aluminum alloys.
Like the tile I say, the smart watch is so cool and fashionable. However, there are 2 functions that I have no idea how to use : sleeping time and phone tracking. It is not bad for $40 watch that it could calculate my hear rate or count the steps.
Great addition to the home gym
I'm really happy with this! The material is super soft and comfortable. It's a compression shirt so it runs small- I'm normally a woman Medium/Large pending the fit- I order this in a Men's Large and it's perfect. It did take a long time to ship.
It works well. It leaks a little bit air...
Does the job. Arrived beat up and I had to bang dents out of the rods to get it together, but once it was together, it's fine. Expensive, but it works. Box was open, zip ties undone... Dents in rods. Very disappointed in how I had to pay so much for some really crappy shipping.
Lens was a little smaller than i thought vut otherwise great use them for everyday use
Looks great. The fact that they give two straps is more convincing to buy the product. The colours look nice. The watch is itself is accurate and so slim and looks good. The recordings are correct. Highly recommend
Ordered this replacement band for my Blaze after growing tired of my original band which was too large. LOVE the rose gold band & the size small fits SO much better. So far, complete thumbs up on this but reserve one star since I'm not sure how the wear and tear of use will affect it.
Used this as part of my pirate costume and loved the pop of color it added! The coins aren't super loud when they jingle so I wore it all night with no complaints. Not sure how the sizing works but if you wanted any kind of coverage this might not be fore you. Definitely fits more like a scarf-belt, than a full sized belly dancing skirt. Would absolutely purchase again.
It's very useful, I like it.
work great and comfortable
Simple to use. Accurate. Great purchase.
This was a good addition to my bike for longer trips. I have had it a few months now without any problems. I wish they had a pouch on the top.
It is longer, non-slip made of a gripping honeycomb pattern. Like it.
Overall I'm very happy with this. My 2 and 4 year old love it. The handle is a little wobbly since it's made to fold up but still stable enough.
This band is pinker than the Apple Watch band and does not fit the watch as cleanly (see photo) but other than that it's almost like the Apple Watch band for just a fraction of the price. I prefer the one pin closure than the 2 pin as I am allergic to metals. The pink band looks great with rose gold of Apple Series 4 Watch in 44 mm size. It's a bit pinker but I've seen other reviews saying it fades in the sun. I ordered the larger size as I can wear it looser so the metal does not irritate my skin. I have now been wearing it for 10 days and so far so good, it has not irritated my skin like other brands, I will be ordering more colors.
The material for these shirts was a bit heavier than I expected, but still seem to perform well when riding in warm weather. I've ridden in 90+ degree weather on multiple occasions and didn't feel like I was overheating from the shirt. They do run a bit small; I'm 6 feet tall and weigh 170 lbs, and the X-Large fits snug, more like what I would expect from a size Large.
These are nice, but where they lack practicality is the weight. They're at least twice the weight of your average running shorts. Would buy again, but would just avoid doing a race in them. Regular training = no problem.
Super strong chemical smell when I first opened it. I left it outside to air out for a day and it seems much better. After a few uses the smell left and the stencil design is pretty fun.
Needed something with my braces and for MMA classes. IT works. I am using it every class. Bit hard to close mouth and stuff. But then I have braces.
Style: love the band style, have gotten many compliments. It works well with some one who small wrists. Silver Color: amazing! It hasn't tarnished I do see wear in the clasp because I've had it for two months and shower with it. I only take it off to charge. Gold color: is a little light for gold, but it works. If you look at the picture the darker yellow ring is 18K gold and the other ring is 14K. The gold color is more light matching a 14K gold. Packaging: great packaging, come with a helpful tool to remove the linkages.
This was helpful for doing sit-ups and push ups.
Does the job. No need to spend more money on a higher end mouthpiece.
The backyard gets pretty muddy certain seasons of the year. We put this at the bottom of the steps so the dogs cross over it before coming onto the deck and inside. Definitely helps keep down the amount of mud they track into the house. Because of the drainage holes for light too, it should keep the grass underneath it healthy for next spring too.
Nice scope kit. Very good value for the price. Had some trouble with the laser sight and contacted the company. They were very easy to work with and helped me resolve my issue the same day. They stand behind their product..new laser is on the way ! I was told 7-15 days for shipping for replacement item. Its been 45 days and seller gives ma a tracking number that's not track-able. Not impressed with the information I have received.Sounds good on paper but real world performance is very poor at this point. UPDATE : Nothing..no replacement..just talk. Product good but if there is a problem or quality issue then just figure you spent $100 and took a chance and it is what is is. Ordered in November. Update. Replacement received. Not just the defective component, but a whole new product received. Took awhile but in the end I am very happy with this purchase.
Debating returning these. The website says plastic lenses but they are in fact glass. Better clarity but heavier, esp on a frame this size (for us big head people). So if your coming from all plastic Oakleys or whatever, you'll feel the weight on the bridge or your nose. The lenses are very clear with moderate dimming / transparency, pretty great for partly sunny or bright overcast but maybe not dark enough for bluebird beach days. Great driving glasses. I got the green mirror and you can see your eyes through the lens at certain angles.
I ordered these as the G6 sensor adhesive was peeling away after a few days- as it started to peel, it also started to itch terribly- to the point that I had to remove the first G6 I tried after just 5 days. The 2nd Sensor, I put the patch on after it started to peel and itch and the itching went away and it lasted the full 10 days. This 3rd sensor I started with the patch and so far so good!
This did the job inside our winery
The charger is good. My only issue is that the band on my Fitbit is a little long and it tends to push the watch part up so it stops charging. I have to check to make sure it is down and in place so that it keeps charging. Besides that it does what it says it would.
It's OK; Like other customers replied, only the inner part of the links (pivoting part) is missing the black paint.
Good rope but a little bit to stiff
Overall good looking costume. The neck was exposed and it pills A TON. Sent seller message and got a quick response and the request was granted.
It is my adult fidget spinner. The only thing is I wish it had a deep pocket clip!
As a personal trainer who specializes in senior fitness these bands are invaluable. Many of my clients are not inclined to purchase a gym membership. Or, not inclined to go to the gym if they have a membership. They want their personal trainer to train them in their own home. Which is what I do. Give me this bag-o-bands and a dining chair and I can give someone a pretty thorough resistance workout. And I will get their heart rate and respiration up as well. Legs, thighs, core, shoulders and arms can all be worked using these simple elastic bands. Easy to use and easy to learn. Get some.....And USE them!
Good Product for ankle pains
Bought this for my husband and he loves it. Fits great and was delivered rather quickly.
This works pretty well, very lightweight and cool. It's a bit small and wouldn't fit someone bigger than about a size 40. The sell phone pocket is a nice feature, but like the vest, it's a bit small for some of the large phones. All in all, I feel safer with it on and recommend it if you can fit into it.
It looks great out on table.
I've only used this once since I've received it, but it is really nice quality and I don't slip on it!
I felt that something has changed since I first wore this product. My arches immediately felt better.
It is great for practicing!
One of the bands snapped within a month. But non the less the rest of the bands have held tough and my clients and myself get great use out of them.
Comfortable in my hand. Reliable release.
Like: > there is plenty of room for golfing accessories > slots for clues is ample - like the extra pockets beside the putter slot Inconvenient: > as other reviews state, the valuable 2 pouches are covered by the cart strap
Great not to comfy alright can fit adjust to any size
Light, solid yoga blocks at an affordable price. Only complaint is they're not as dense as some of the blocks I've used in the studio.
I am not a gymnast nor have I never seen gymnastic rings before. That being said, to me these rings and straps seem to be of high quality. These wooden rings are well milled, large and feel good in my hands. The straps are good quality and the buckles are large, sturdy and seem like they will last a long time. The only point I'd like to make is these wooden rings are unfinished. Meaning the rings are smooth sanded, unfinished, naked, bare wood. I'm not sure if that is the way Gymnast Rings are supposed to be, I was expecting them to be finished.
It was a little more difficult to pump up than other pumps that I previously purchased
The product works really well and fits my boyfriend perfectly (got the large size). Only thing is that it takes some playing with to get the flint working and a few strokes to get it sparking, but its small so it will take a few extra strokes.
It does lower the sound around you drastically. The microphone is perfect at picking up sound when it's on
This is very practical and comfortable, the big BUT is that the magnetic buttons does not fit the Manduka (classic gray) mat. It has a elastic band with Velcro that keeps the mat in place and then you close de “bag” with a pair of magnetic grips, even though you roll súper tight your mat, they keep unlocking.
Be aware it is much more difficult (at least mine is) to release from the apple watch and sometimes gets stuck. I've several times had to ask my husband for help as I cannot get it to release from the watch. Very cute though! I wear it with a matching scarf and so far everyone loves it!
Mother has diabetes and needed compression socks so I sent these to her. She said her only complaint was that they seemed a little tight compared to her previous compression socks but other than that she really likes them material and length.
Very good mount. It is secure, I will not worry about movement after zeroing one bit. It is a bit heavy.
Fires well, nice smoke effect. Its a little small though.
I got this tracker for my husband to use and it does everything my FitBit is able to do. It has a cool interface on the app and was easy for him to set up. The charging method is sort of odd but works.
change my lower unit gear lube every other Oil Change (every two hundred hrs.) So I use alot of gear lube. Needed something EZ on the wallet. May even switch to every 100 hrs, now. As the Outboard on my boat gets older.
it works OK, hard to tell.
These have been great for our 8 yr old soccer players. It is sturdy and helps keep them together when they are not on the field. BUT be sure to give yourself plenty of time to air them out. It took two weeks of them outside and rinsing them with a hose several times for the smell to not be overwhelming.
Great fit and comfort for long runs. I gave a 4 because they seem to wear out in the back at the attachment point between the main sock and a small section on the back that prevents shoes from rubbing the back of your ankle. This has happened on 2 of my recent pairs, but I really like these socks.
Rugged, tough but could use some padding on the strap near the neck
Nice bright colors fit good and cute
I thought it would be more soft and canvas-feeling, but it feels kinda cheap. It fits my mat and block and that's all I was really looking for so I'm happy with it. If I stick with yoga I'll probably upgrade to something nicer, though. Aesthetically it looks great though.
Fits nice and looks good.
I love what this is doing. It came in on time, it's easy to use and clean. The downside is that it zips from left and i'm right handed. I can't stand that but, will recommend all else.
I was skeptical and a little nervous buying a somewhat inexpensive treadmill online. But I read lots of reviews and went with my gut with this one over another one that many reviews stated was good but not for anyone over 5'6. Well I am 5'7 and 185 lbs so I bought this one. I am quite happy with my purchase. Like other reviewers have stated, it is a basic treadmill without bells and whistles. But I could care less. It does the trick. I am able to walk for miles while watching tv and I have started running on it and have not gotten any complaints from my downstairs neighbors. I even have wood floors and did not use a pad underneath the machine. I was also able to assemble the machine by myself in around 20-30 minutes. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because the running belt is quite thin. But it still works.
Not a fan of the SOG company, but this knife is a work horse!!
Above average line for the cost. 500 yds for 17$ can't beat that. The other lines would run sky high for 500 yds. Big or small rivers and streams the line holds up great abrasion proof, holds a knot, easy to cast. Can't beat it.
Great colors and fit!
Look good and Powerful . Thank you.
Very stiff and heavy duty belt purchased for EDC. Buckle seems to function perfectly. Only thing I dislike is how the hook and loop comes all the way to the tag end. Seems like there is room for it to unravel. Time will tell. Much cheaper than some of the top name belts. As of right now I would not hesitate to purchase again.
Haven't gotten to put it in action yet but feels lightweight and quality made.
These were a little heavier than I expected but, the kids seemed to enjoy!
Seems comfortable to use and good quality, bought it for my son who will be travelling in a couple of months....all in all happy with product
Great cardio that really tests endurance and strength, high quality rope/coating.
good weight and good size. might want to get your own belt and scabbard as the one that comes with it is cheep.
Great quality! Looks exactly like the photo. Would give this five stars but opening and closing the bag is such a pain. Even though the wand is really pretty it's extremely difficult and at times painful to close the bag.
Got this for my teenage grandson to hold his sporting equipment. Well constructed and good size.
good glove for the price
Be very careful. The case will rip apart. I have a replacement on the way.
It's a perfect fitness tracker if you aren't looking for all the bells & whistles (such as how much water you've had that day). It's light weight and comfortable. Best part is the fact there are no cables to charge! Just remove the wrist band from the tracker & the tracker plugs directly into your laptop. So far, the battery life has held for about 3 days. Having spent a small fortune on another brand, which lasted 2 years before it stopped synching with the app & required daily recharging, this is a great deal!
The size of the hat is much smaller than the normal adult male
Assembly was simple and all the holes matched up. It's a solid box and great for camping or backyard use.
Nice glove but didn't care for the red octagon tag on it kind of makes them look cheap but can remove if you cut the stitches from the inside.
Sidewalks are thinner than I expected
I double-checked head size against the fitting chart, but was still too small for my melon. Loved the look & style, and don't mind that the visor is removable. Will exchange for a larger size.
I purchased this to replace the OEM rear sight with a night sight on a Glock 43. The threads were lubricated with oil and the first attempt to remove the sight resulted in the unit's threaded pusher assembly falling apart. On reassembly and inspection I determined the pusher jaws were too close to the top of the slide (my fault) as evidenced by very slight scuff marks on the slide. After increasing the clearance between the slide and pusher jaws the unit worked flawlessly. The unit did not come with written instructions however a Google search returned videos and written direction.
Spend less time fishing more time catching great product
The knife is great ! I have been carrying it for a while and does the job. The ring is at the end butt end of the knife so it cant be pulled out that way. Have'nt had to fight any thugs but I like the ring at the other end to be used as a striker to fend off a hand or arm rather than cut. The assisted opening makes it lightning fast, but I will warn you if it slips out out of your pocket and hits the right way the knife blade will pop open. This happened at the supermarket and in a parking lot. It will also open by itself if it partially out of your pocket and the assist notch catches. Thats the only thing you have t watch out for. Otherwise like I said , great knife
I really like these bottles. BUT the cap strap keeps breaking. I've gone through 3. 😩
Held the cool for short an hour then needed to be wetted down again. Kept us adults and kids from dying in Texas summer heat!
Good, but not what I expected
blocks were different colors.
Not a fan of the interior fabric, and it's a bit thinner than anticipated. But all in all, be it functions for what I purchased it for.
Clips suck but its a good bag
The pleather feels very cheap and spongy but it's being well used and keeping a deck of cards in good condition in a high school back pack.
works well for a quick run nothing too long since there isnt a pocket for a bottle of water.
This works well, it is very easy to install. My main suggestion is don't loosen the screw too much when removing. The only things I would like is for it to swivel for uneven ground, and to be about 4 inches longer. Not big issues, but would be nice.
i use them with my workout
This dice tray is strong and well made of good wood. The felt is just a flocked sticker, though.
For the price, it's good.
Nice product, everything I expected.
Was expecting black with white accent based on the description but fit nicely and they still enjoyed their gifts!
Delivery was before date given.
Works fine. I must have missed in the description that Fire Fighter is engraved on the side.
Bar really good for the price but the clips are so worthless it's a crime they even exist
First experience was in the rain. Seemed to work pretty good. Though the mesh half-face mask I had fogged the goggles. Also sweat gathered around the seal. This caused discomfort and ultimately fogging when I slightly lifted/adjusted the goggles. I'll continue to test ways to decrease fogging and increase fogging. But straight from the box they aren't ready for use unless its mild summer weather.
Ripped easily but after buying a few i realized that normal. The color is beautiful and my daughter enjoyed it for the week it lasted.
Works perfect! I only wish that it came with a cover
Heavy and do not fit in my cuff holder for my belt. For the belt loop holder it works...all depends on the application. For someone that is being more aggressive I would be choosing these cuffs, if it was something that didn't need that much strength I would probably choose my more standard cuff.
what i was looking for
Holster is not the greatest fit but cannot beat the price.
couldn't ask for much more. Nice quality. Not the BEST grip in the world, but still usable for other uses than benching.
Bought these to cycle through a newly bought shotgun. Did not jam.
Fit well and accurately, provide padding, but not so much that gloves are heavy, and wrist straps provide lots of support
Really Cool ,works great and helps you when you can't use your phone at work or class. Easy to connect and tracks your fitness daily routine.
I like the darts. Weighted well and accurate. I did have to put washers on the shafts because the kept loosening up with every throw.
Like them,too keep my arms from sunburn.
Liked ease of use. Other products difficult to put on. Provides good compression and moves freely when working I.e. yard work and exercise . Does not reduce pain but nothing is going to. Shoulder just has to many motions and range
The case is very sturdy and has plenty of space for 4 hand guns and magazines. The case is larger than what I expected. The two holes for locking the case are small and a regular padlock will not fit. I use a small cable lock since I need to lock it to transport the hand guns. The case is definitely a good value for the money.
Nice look to it. Heavy metal without being too heavy. Would have given it 5 stars except the magnet slips when I'm sleeping and loosens the watch so it can't read my sleep pattern.
Nice and warm but the lining already moved from one finger tip after a few weeks
Very satisfied Great product for the price,easy setup . All the bells and whistles as more expense trackers.
Great unit, Zeroed in quickly on my PC 9 at 50 yards. Clear and bright, Better than my $200 Red Dot Bushnell
This works amazingly well for me in really hot sweaty yoga. I did have a bit of an issue after my first washing, it took awhile longer to dry, even after wrapping with a towel. It was also a bit slippery upon next use but got a little better. I think when I have to wash it next it's probably best to use no detergent at all.
These appear to made pretty well and the color pattern are nice as well, I will post a new review after my musky trip June 22, 23, 24
Super simple to use. I wasn't expecting the liquid/gas to shoot out the servicing port quite as forcibly as it did, so would just recommend gloves and positioning yourself to the side.
A great set, however, I would like a free set of bags. This bag ripped within 5 minutes of playing. Beads falling out and everything. This is highly aggravating. However, very sturdy good boards otherwise!
These work great for keeping water out of your kid's eyes. They sometimes fog up. They don't cover their nose and some kids complain about getting water in their nose.
Not as thick as my previous sun shade and does take a little creative wedging with the Sun Visors to get it to hold in place on my 2008 Prius but appears to be working ok. The photo makes me smile every time I return to my car. hopefully others enjoy the scene as well.
It's light weight but big enough to hold a small wallet and your phone
Very cool, worked awesome the hold feature for the last inch lb value is very convenient. Only one complaint is I had to return the first one because the beep indicator would be loud one time and very very soft the next. Never consistent beep tone.
Watch was exactly as described. Works great for tracking everyday fitness or activities. Very accurate Isn't to heavy on the wrist, comfortable to wear. Was worth the money paid.
Beautiful bow, nicely made and fun to shoot. Definatly pulling 40# the finger tab could be better and the wrist guard could be better as well as needs a arm guard. The arrows are good one had a broad head come off cause i hit the wood of target at 28 yards but it a simple fix with gorilla glue. Would definatly recommend
works super well, instructions were unclear on how to set it up though
Very prompt service. Good tracker for the price. Keep track of everything and other tracker could for 1/4 of the price! I did have issues with it disconnecting my bluetooth for my phone and car connection . I can deal with it!
My son loves it and quality is good .
I like the idea of this ring and it is awesome cause when I work out it doesn't lead to sharp pain from the sharp edges of my ring, although it seems to have stretched in about 6 months. Now I feel like I either need to go back to my wedding ring or I need to buy a smaller size. I know that silicon or plastic would stretch over time but I would hate to have to buy a new ring every 6 months.
Comfortable, for 1st time users
Good product but a little stiff, which made it less comfortable than expected.
They the tool itself is great and feels well made both parts work as designed. The reason why it got 4 stars was because the description states it comes with a ATG patch but I never received one in the package.
The price and reviews on this product. I have not used it yet but will soon, especially in Venice Beach Florida this winter during daily Yoga beach classes.
Keeps my head warm but would be nice if it wouldn't slide around
I bought both the 2 lb set (2 1lb weights) and the 4 lb set (2 2 lb weights) and they felt great, it just only took me 2-3 weeks to grow out of these into heavier weights. But they were very easy to hold and comfortable compared to bigger ones. I did feel like the handle on the 4lb set was a little looser, of course the smaller ones almost fit in your hands.
Pretty great. Wish the knuckles were harder though
It wasn't quite the size it stated but my husband so far is happy with it!!!
This is a nice, dressy band for the Fitbit Charger 2 and will go with nearly anything. Others don't even realize I'm wearing a Fitbit! The ball clasp has a spring-loaded button that grips the chains to hold the fit to your wrist. I have a small wrist, so the chains hang pretty long for me. I use my Fitbit to track my sleep, but the chains can knot at night. I struggle moving the ball clasp back up the chains once I have taken the Fitbit off. Other than the clasp, I really love the band and will reserve it for more special occasions rather than daily wear. It holds up well to daily wear. I experienced no discoloration from daily wear.
Love this holster! Looks awesome, feels sturdy, lightweight, keeps a low profile and my m&p 9 shield fits great. With there was more of a cant adjustment.
As expected, I can feel different tension ad setting are raised. But, I have no way to actually test whether how accurate it is. I expect it will be good enough for using on my bike.
Very comfy and true to size
Love these they are amazing....
They're nice but they do make u look like u have a weird buldge
Love it. Stays in place!
Cool Feel - If I could only find the same knife in steel
Really good but the dumbbell ones are too long I can't even do some shoulder work outs but they are good.
Awesome gunshots accurately only issue i had was jamming after a few rounds the but easy fix love it for the deal price
Wrist straps are too tight at loosest position and i have small/average wrists. Otherwise great little gloves
I filled the water holder but still the stuff moves around unless closely supported by wall
Have been using this for about three weeks. The product arrived exactly as described. It has been very easy to use. I will update the review with results and how the product holds up over time.
Easy to switch out bands. Color is the same as in the photo. Just as comfy as the one tat originally came with my fit bit.
Faltering and comfortable but not a lot of tummy control. Wish they had a side pocket for your phone.
Its a goblin head you can stuff with dice, whats not to like? Its good quality and durable and it feels nice. Only reason its a 4/5 star is because; despite its fairly decent size, it can only fit one set of dice (the 7 D&D dice) maybe a set and a half if you really wanna stuff it
Seems well made. Nephews played with it for many hours and is holding up nicely.
These targets are great for the price. You get a good number of them and they make identifying your shots much easier then just paper alone. They are not on the same level as the florescent ones you see for a bit more. But you get a lot more of these for less.
I was very satisfied my soon to be 8 year old grandson will be very pleased.
A beautiful and VERY small little knife. Great for EDC, car kit, and opening packages at the office.
everything claimed is true, great product
Very important to not know that the sizing chart is way off. The range for the waist measurement is not accurate. I am 105 lbs with a 27” waist, so according to the size chart, I can wear a small. Wrong!!! So I returned it for a medium and once again it's sooo tight that I can't even close the velcro waistband close! So I had to return again and get the large. Finally the large fits but still tightly! So I would really recommend getting at least two sizes up, and if you want a little bit more roomy then get 3 sizes up. Otherwise the shorts are great, I wear them to my ice skating lessons and practice since I do fall a lot. The padding keeps me safe and pain free. I can wear these shorts over my leggings.
The color is a little off for OCP, but overall this is a great product for carrying your Jetboil in the field. My Jetboil and accessories fit nicely.
Great once it is installed. Had difficulty installing at first but adjusted the strap and it worked great.
I rarely write reviews but I felt this needed a honest review. I have had it about 2 weeks now and have used it with real clubs known distances and inside on big tv. First inside with the pratice club that comes with the device takes some getting use to. It is easy to pair with my phone and took me about 2 minutes to set it up. Very user friendly. As far as true yardages inside with the pratice club. The pratice club is weighed to a 7 iron my normal 7 iron Carrie's in the air 158 with a regular swing. With the pratice club inside I average 128 which is very different from my true yardage. The device is pretty true on ball flight as far as open or closed face. Now to real clubs again my 7 iron average stock swing is 158 yards. With the device on my real club it shows I am hitting it a average of 141 which is closer but still a large gap. On the driver my average drive carry is about 240 to 250 the device shows it at 216 carry. Again the ball flight with the clubs and pratice club is pretty true. My overall take it is fun, gives some feedback on club face angle and at least has you swinging a club. Especially at night or weekend to play a few holes when you can't go play. I would have given 5 stars if the yardages were closer to true yardages I hit. But for the price and entertainment level for me I am happy with it for what I am looking for. Hope this helps others decide where to spend their money.
Bike is great. Only problem is when you are walking/pushing it if you have a toddler that can not steer or peddle for themselves you feet often kick the basket used for storage.
Finally used these at the ocean and they handled themselves well.
Great bowling shoes. Fit as expected. I love it.
These work well, keeps water out, the only thing that prevents me from giving them a 5 star is they are tinted very dark which makes them hard to see out of when not in the water.
Worked very well. I thought I was also getting a hook blade but that is not the case.
Despite being disappointed that there was a delay in shipping and I couldn't use it for the gym class I initially ordered it for, I used it the next day for a few thigh and butt exercises. Holy ****, the burn is SO intense. Still feel that good soreness 2 days later. Wish me luck tonight :)
Love this light. Have several as we do a lot on night riding and it can be seen from very far away. Would give it five stars if they included a smaller band (or actually a variety of sizes) to fit around different diameters more tightly.
I'm writing this review while the strap is on. It needs little time to get used to but definitely secured my ring finger. I can feel the protection it gives to my finger which makes me feel at ease that any impact would be absorbed by this strap.
Is a great price and great product
Not sure yet it is a Christmas present
I have tennis elbow, they seem to help somewhat. Definitely notice the difference between wearing them and not. However it's nothing major. Yes they have somewhat helped relieve the pain, but it's very minor. I suppose it would great differentiate pending on the person, and the severity of their issues.
Loving this telescope so far! Great price and nice and cool accessories that come with it.
Good product but it didnt fit my 32 oz bottle.
The threaded metal clasp idea works much better than the other style with the bungee slide.
I started barre classes and they are expensive so I am starting to exercise at home using the ball as part of my routine it's a great workout
My 7 year old wanted to buy a step tracker with his birthday money, and this worked great! He loved counting his steps, and used it as a watch as well. Only tricky part is pulling it apart to charge it takes a lot of force, you feel like you are going to break it, and eventually we did - but 3-4 months of use by a child for the price is not too shabby.
Nice product but after putting face cover on the watch my screen protector started peeling away all the way around the edges to where I ended up having to just peel it off and get a different case and protector. Otherwise it's a great quality band. No issues with water exposure, magnet, or skin irritations. Just wish the screen protector could have lasted longer with this screen bumper.
My finite band came apart so I bought this one it is very attractive! I like the magnet closure a lot.
I bought two, one for home & one for my office chair. Sat on it all day yesterday at work & it's pretty comfy. I sit for at least 8 hrs a day at work & my hips/ lower back were getting stiff when I would get up to walk around...I'd have to go stretch in the bathroom & it would even be painful to sleep at night. This Really helped a lot. My hips & lower back felt so much better yesterday, even just after one use. I am very happy with this purchase!!! I was going to bring in my stability ball but it wouldn't have worked with my desk. This is perfect.
My son wears a 10. My husband 10 1/2 little small for him
Love the arm floaties,very durable! Fit perfectly on my son who is fearless at the pool. With the arm floaties, he could keep balance and also help keep his head clear of the water. They are in very good quality and very comfortable to wear. No leak or no holes.Would definitely buy again.
Good alternative instead of holster id you don't mind wearing a belly band. Only wore it once so far but I like the secure feel of knowing the gun will not fall out especially with the strap. Even for winter, it was a bit warm. Will see how it goes in the summer.
the zipper stopped working after several months within using the bag. I know its affordable but I was actually surprised since the bag doesn't feel cheap. I have actually received many compliments. Does a great job at keeping the food warm and cold. Its pretty spacious. Does the job!
Good product for the money
I think I feel large is a little loose, I wish there were in more sizes.
1 spacer was missing. Had to make a run to Lowes. Took quite some time to assemble, align the screws and such Other than that worked out ok 3 weeks in....love this product
I have the harbinger ones but these are 100x better than those. Quality seems durable the only thing is, the size is a bit smaller than what they tell you. I measured my wrist and i'm supposed to be a medium. But I think I can use a bigger one.
Nice cork with good quality
Very sturdy. Not much point to the 2 compartments on top as they are too shallow to hold anything.
Definitely learn how to wrap them! It will save you.
No nose adjustments. So I guess they fit or don't?
the color is not as it seems in the picture. i don't think my “find my phone” feature works. the rest works good though
Much better than the stock band the Fitbit comes with. Pulled some hairs out of my arm the first few days but has been great since. Easy to get on and off and much better than messing with the annoying plastic securing device on the other bands.
I am happy with the purchase and overall product... But I was disappointed because I chose to buy two hoping to get different colors, instead I received both in red. :/
Yep, it's your basic economical AR cleaning kit.
I was nervous to try it but it's really not bad. Four stars only because it would be nice if I could wear it with shoes while at work. Instead, I put it on when I get home and put socks over it. I can't say whether it's comfortable or not because I personally don't think anything on my foot is comfortable.
Great I just wish they had an attachment on the bottom for hooking to the weights
I'm pleased with my purchase. The hoops are sturdy and will be a good addition to my tools for soccer practice. Look forward to using them. Also, awesome that it comes with 12.
I love the short mid- ankle version of this sock. These are still good but are tight around the top of the sock above the ankle.
I am a lifelong swimmer, and I am doing more water exercise than laps these days, but these are my favorite goggles. I recently had eye surgery and these are so much more comfortable than any others that I have had. I also like the way there is more area of vision.
Great gloves! It takes a bit to get used to using gloves, but they make a big difference for kipping.
The only thing that would make this kit better would be bulbs.
The Crucial Compression Calf Sleeves are very comfortable and have greatly helped in my shin splint pain in my left leg. They also appear to be of very good quality. One problem I have is that if you hand wash them by hand/air dry them in order to keep them for a long time, they can take more than a day to dry. More important is that my calf messages 14 inches and the small is just fits right. A smaller calf may not give the compression one needs.
I found the eighteen oz capacity to be perfect for a 2-3 hour hike or outing. The collapsible feature is great, especially since you can collapse it by degrees as you consume water. I carried it in a backpack, a tote bag and hung it on my belt. It never leaked. It is easy to clean, opens and closes easily. I gave it three stars because of the after taste. After an hour or two, I found it to carry a plastic taste. Not intolerable, just annoying. I need to add an edit, after using the bottle for a couple months I found the after taste to be gone. I continue to use it regularly and find it perfect for hiking and even just casual walks.
Worked great in making my Nike's into a slip on. Just have to see what size works best with the width. Some holes on my Nike's were small and hard to pull through.
Price is a little high
I like the grips but unfortunately the finger Grove's broke while installing I ended up getting them on but had to use a resin to fill in the crack besides that they are awesome I would just recommend installing very carefully
Not as happy with these as the pair of UA pants I purchased.
Great besides is hard to switch the weights the clamp is very hard to get on off.
It was really cute until I dropped it and it completely shattered. For someone as clumsy as myself, I wouldn't recommend it because it won't survive any fall.
It's a nice bracelet strap, just pops open a little too easily at times
My dad loved it. Such a unique hat! My boyfriend did find it kind of uncomfortable with the battery pack being in it, and it sits kind of higher than normal due to the battery as well.
very breathable socks but they WILL shrink. definitely order a size up
Sometimes comes off but does teach you proper form.Killer shoulder workout definitely builds strength.
They feel kinda weird, a little bit too restrictive, but I guess that's the point to give support to the wrists, but it can give you a tingly sensation like the blood isn't circulating
Good targets. High visibility. Took one star off because adhesive sticks to cardboard but did not stick well to wood. Had to staple the targets to wood.
I love the fit of these joggers. But I don't like that you can't dry them in the dryer. Fit like I hoped they would. Shipping was slower than expected
Knee sleeve works well. I have bad knees and by wearing this product they relieve the pain of everyday duties I have at work. Product arrived as was promised and the quality is very good . They appear to be made well. Very happy with them. Only gave 4 star rating as I want to see how long they last in my line of work.
Descriptive and allows this novice information on what exercises will build which muscles. Use it frequently.
it has helped my child play ball without knee pain
These should eork well. They fit om the bungee snugly. A bit tricky to secure locking ring but you will get it. I found a screw driver shaft laid down across the inside of hook and tapped with a hammer sent the locking ring home. The opening of my hooks are small, can be challenging to quickly hook and unhook if your hooking onto a thick rope.
Tape is fine, but could be easier to peel off backing!
I love when stud earrings have a front and a back component. This one has the snowflake like design which lays on the front of your ear and then the back has the long dangly strands. They are quite pretty and lightweight! Only wish they were sterling silver as they shine a little differently.
After seeing that the Garmin titanium band was $150, I picked one of these bad bois up for 30 bucks and it was a great choice. Build quality is pretty good, I'm sure Garmin is better, but you can't beat the price. Only negative thing I have to say is that I had to take 5 links out of it for sizing and I have normal sized wrists.
Bought them for my mother, she just love them
Is this really any larger? Not really. But it's soft and stable. I like the way the bottom grips the floor, and the texture helps my hands grip. My cats love the way it feels on their claws :/
I would give this 5 stars but... the picture has skulls on either side of the Fitbit face, the one that came in the mail does not have those skulls, just the one on the clasp
fit on my decoy and looks realistic (no turkeys however).
Beautiful design, sharp out of the box. Needs more work on inside liner, kind of rough.
I got the rose gold band for my fit bit and have worn it now for a few months almost everyday. The band has help up nicely, although some of the rose gold sparkles are wearing off around the buckle, but this is due to normal wear and tear. Like I said, I wear mine all the time and for the price, it has held up quite well and looks great.
Clean and great looking.
Its something I wanted. Im very happy with this.
I wish the clip swiveled but it's a nice holster and as advertised
Not as steady as Atlas or Harris . Also doesnt cost 2-3 hundred I have 2 and am satified
Wife happy with watch. As for the extras it performs, HR monitor not accurate. Cant say if another brand would be any better. Battery life is excellent with a week or more between charges.
Strong and sturdy, but to small for me.
Product work as described, they don't quite have the same feel of the Smith & Wesson's, but they are sturdy and function properly.
What we wanted as bags to gather shells on the beach. Variety of colors made it easy for children to avoid "That's mine"
I was hoping these would fit and look a bit more snug (like the models in the picture). but they are loose on my waist (im a size 0 or 2 in womens) lol and loose at the ankle. But since they get the job done at a pretty decent price, I can live with it.
These are well constructed compression sleeves. I just wish they would make them larger. I have very large calves and even the XXL are not big enough. 😔
Fast shipping, easy to install.
It was nice until I broke it. 😭😭
This product runs a little small in the thighs. It's fine once you wear it a few times and stretch it out naturally.
less capacity and conveniency as i expect!
I use these gloves when using my rowing machine. The fit is okay, a little on the small size.
Decent quality clone, connects well enough. I use it only for casual bench shooting for a stable platform. If you want something really reliable for when it matters most, get a Harris or other "serious" brand. But good for what it is.
This stay in place really well and do soak up any sweat the would run down your face.
not as heavy duty as expected. Had trouble with closing door. little disappointed.
The children and employees love it. It is a wonderful stress reliever.
I got it for someone but now keeping it. It is perfect for women like little heavy jewelry. for women this Would make your watch good for formal occasion.
Holds 10 or so balls easily in the felt pocket, with two to spare for tees, divot tool, etc. Very happy with the purchase!
The bad is good but one end is not fitted the 38 mm watch. I like the band. I sent it back and get a replacement. I gave a three star due to the quality control issue. updated: I got a replacement band. It is very easy to return. I got a new one in two days. I love it.
The buckle is kind of heavy
I was looking for a relatively cheap but decent spotting scope and this one fit the bill. Set up was very simple out of the box. The only issue I find is when using the higher power things tend to be a bit blurry but otherwise it is still a good scope for the money.
ITEM IS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED
So far so good. A little tight across the top of my foot where I had surgery.
I do like that the braces give added support during the day and while I sleep however I feel the size is slightly larger than I expected. I purchased xl and sold them after ordering lg but they seem to be too big since I'm constantly adjusting them to stay up.
It was built well enough, but for my application it didn't fit the way I wanted. I gave four stars because it is well built unit but just didn't fit my mounting location. I am sure it would have worked out well enough in another application.
A bit rugged and stiffed to close but afterall well protective and looking nice on the hand. Thank you!
It works. Pictures turn out clear. I like it. Was the best bang for the buck (pun intended)!
I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to get crushed ice in opening from refrigerator. Needed a container for water! This one is perfect. I like that beverages stays cold or hot.
Great vest but do no put any heated cream (to help build more sweat) on your skin before you wear the vest, it will begin to separate the colored layered of the vest. But still works fine
They are very nice looking and I like the neon color. Easy to spot on the green lawn. The weather hasn't cooperated so we haven't used them yet.
Great wristband, the paint is fading off where the magnetic connection sits.
These are nice for high intensity cardio training at the gym, even if I sweat a lot more than they can handle! They are a little on the thin side and I like that I can take it off and use the dry side once the front part gets saturated. They will hold sweat up to a certain point until it will come gushing out! Imagine my surprise when I was doing a burpee and looked down to the floor and a solid stream of sweat came shooting out! No lie! Might buy again if I could find a version with more absorbent material.
Perfectly cut and super easy to use. What a difference!
Great fun and works fine. Spray silicone oil into the speed loader to keep it working properly. I use a laser sight to have fun spraying tin cans with it.
Using this as a get home, range bag. Have a trauma and first aid kit. Everyday carry items like spare mags and flashlight. Bag is well made and fits me well. Great bag for the price.
love the functions on the tracker, has button instead of buckle, lost within 2 days, had to return, okay if you are not real active.
Product arrived quickly and as described. Would have liked it to have description/instructions as it was a gift for a camper.
These are nice quality socks that add a good amount of support. The only issue I have is that I may have ordered a little too small, so they are a bit tight to wear on my feet for any extended period of time.
We love playing corn hole
Fits perfect and warm
Lasted me about a year before the bottom ripped out at the seam. But that's probably me putting too much stuff in there. Quick installation for when I need to move it from car to car.
It came with a nick in the blade and that's the only reason why 4 stars. Although it may be too heavy for backpacking, it's too light when compared to a regular axe or a splitting axe. Swing it faster than you would think and it splits wood like butter. I would purchase again...
Good product,does as asked,customer service was good when the wrong color was shipped.
This was Nana's gift for two boys, 3-1/2 and 6, intended as a healthy winter outlet, and a distraction away from jumping all over the couch. It works! Not just for jumping, but twirling around and hanging upside down on the bar. It is in the living room, the oval shape helping it fit better near the wall, and is a constant "go to" even while watching TV. The ONE thing they have had a challenge with is hitting against the oval frame (that is covered by the red vinyl). This frame makes the trampoline strong and sturdy, but to hedge against bruises, I'm thinking of configuring some sort of padding. I would also like to see one of these made a bit longer and wider, as the six year old grows. Overall, a great purchase.
Great shirt. Fit as described. We'll stitched.
You've got to retie the drawstring knots if you're going to carry heavier weight but it's a solid bag.
I bought it for the holder and it's actually a bit too snug a fit. Makes it hard to get an old piece of chalk out. The chalk itself is one of the better ones on the market.
I really like the fact that this bag gives you space for your discs. What I dont like is the fact there are no type of dividers to hold the discs in place. Overall, I really like the backpack bag
Little smaller than expected.
First of all, I must say that this spray function is absolutely genius! I love it. I live in a very hot climate, and being able to spray myself to cool down is really useful to me when I'm walking outside during the day. The bottle's cap is easy to unscrew or fasten, and seems sturdy. There are a lot of high-end water bottles that are available today that use rubbery finishes to achieve a high-end look. This water bottle cap is made of plastic that has the look and feel of a more low-end or low-quality plastic. The translucent plastic that is used to make the bottle/container portion seems fine, though, but the cap could be helped by being made out of higher quality, more modern plastics, or perhaps with a more confidence-inspiring rubbery coating. I guess what I'm saying is that the cap seems like it's from one of those water bottles that are given out for free as promotional items, whereas the bottle/container itself doesn't look cheap at all, but rather looks normal. Anyways, I'd definitely buy this bottle again just for the spray function. It shoots a fine mist and is great on hot days when you want to cool down without getting all sweaty. This bottle will work well for people in hot climates, or for those who like the outdoors. Overall, a very functional spray/water bottle for active recreation in hot climates!
My husband loves these rings, for work. So far they have held up better than I expected then to.
Husband loves it... not me though
Worked well for my Canadian fishing trip. Allowed me to get readings at about 20mph. I was worried about stuff coming loose and losing parts but even tightened with just some pliers it all held perfect.
Thank you for your prompt service.
I like very good products.
Overall this is a good fitness tracker. It paired easily with my phone using the app, and seems to track my steps and heartbeat well. My only minor annoyance is with the app. It was obviously developed by someone for whom English is not their first language, so some of the messages have grammatical errors. But overall this is a nice device, especially for the price.
I ordered these to wear under my motorcycle helmet and they work great. Alot cheaper than another I purchased recently
great sword, very comfortable for a person with regular sized hands. However the brass piece at the top of the sword scabbard came off shortly after getting it. but nothing a little glue wouldn't fix. overall for the price of the sword I cant complain.
Diffucult to set up and especially fold up, cannot recommend, returned
Performed as expected, will buy again.
Very nice for the money. Bought 1 size larger as suggested and it was a bit large on me. I'm 6'4” and 230. Would order XL on next order.
I did not expect such good quality for a refurbished product so I was pleasantly surprised. As a result I have bought another airgun from them.
Seem To Be Nice ! Easy to Slip Right On !!!
Nice racquet feels comfortable.
I really enjoy using my new smart wristband! I recently had a baby and I needed something to help track some very important things like heart rate and calories. Not only does this wristband do that it also has so many other functions. You can receive phone calls, monitors your sleep gives you reminders, counts calories, count your heart rate and even your steps. I chose to buy this smart wristband because It is extremely inexpensive compared to other trackers like this one. One of my favorite things about this smart wristband is that you can charge it easily with the USB and it's got a decent battery life. Although if you do receive lots of notifications your watch will die sooner.
Just what I was looking for. Wanted something where I can build up to the full weight. Love this product and a very good price.
Its a nice budget holster. The retention button can sometimes get stuck and not lock the gun in. The open top should allow enough room for an rmr. The back has three screws which should allow you to change it from a drop leg to a mid ride or belt paddle. Its a good holster for airsoft, maybe a real glock, if its just for the range. The leg straps have an elastic that is sewn in to the strap, its poorly done. It may rip some day.
What you see is what you get. You have to be careful not to lose the small screw. The clasp seems a bit cheap.
I like design and i'ts so comfortable.
Works great looks good reasonably priced. Will not snug all the way up to your head
Started to smell like that damp, dirty towel smell after 2 uses. I washed it after each use. I would have returned immediately but bought it early for a trip to South where I knew I would need it. I liked the material, but their really isn't any technological innovation that I could see with this product. *I give four stars for customer service. The company reached out to me when they didn't have to. They went out of their way to offer solutions.
Have two and love them for laying about the pool.
This fitness tracker has been immensely helpful to me. I can now monitor my health much closely and it gives my data which I did not had access before. It is very lightweight in size and also not at all complicated to use. The battery lives up to expectation that also charges quickly.
It is the best I think since it is for what I need, great!
In website looks ok but in reality is to small
My 8 and 10 year old daughters use it every single day and love it. It is great, however deflates daily so I always have to refill it.
I bought these for wrist support when doing light weights and pushups using a pushup bar. I have a wrist injury and recovering from carpal tunnel, so I wanted to protect my wrists from further injury while working to rehabilitate/strengthen them. I still have to be careful with my wrists when wearing these, but I feel like they do provide mild wrist support for light exercises. The XS fit perfectly for my small hands which measured 3" across; the sizing chart was accurate.
I bought this adjustable basketball hoop stand set for my son. He is extremely active and enjoy watching basketball but is too little yet to play the real thing, so we felt this would be a wonder introduction to the sport for him. My husband spent about 30 minutes to put the basketball hoop set together. He grumbled as he took one look at the instruction and basically tossed it in the recycling bin. He emphasized that the instructions were incorrect and misleading and probably would have put it together faster without looking at them at all. The instruction is not clear; there were only 4 steps with a few pictures, however the photo's did not come with any meaningful instructions. Besides that, the first photo was misleading as it showed the black screws for backboard but it's actually goes with the pole so it's very confusing. Instructions aside, the basketball stand set is light weight and easy to move around and compact so it doesn't take up so much space which is perfect inside the house. Another feature that I liked is the fact that the height is adjustable which means, my son can continue to use it as he grows! (Please note that you don't have to use all the rods to achieve maximum height). One little bonus is that the package comes with 2 different sizes of basketballs as advertised. Overall, this adjustable basketball hoop stand set is great for toddler. I feel that I'm getting a good return for my investment as this is something he will be able to play for years to come!
Looks good. Feels good. Too small.
My husband sleeps in them. They are attractive enough to wear during day. His only complaint is the band around the tip top is a little too tight. Otherwise, he loves them.
These have worked well for me. It's best to just leave them on the boat rather than screw on and off as that takes its toll on the clinch.
was a gift she said she liked it
I use these as a beginner roller skater and they work great! It is slightly annoying that there isn't a size chart, so it's kind of a guessing game.
For the price you can't beat it. Fits my S&W great. Just had to snip a couple threads at the bottom.
Great product for tracking my fitness. I am a girl who want to keep fit, I like do sport, running, summing, walking and so on. I used to judge my exercise only by feeling, but now I can know how much I exercise exactly. It can tell me how many steps I walked, how much calories I burned and how long I have walked.
The bmw tumbler was perfect my boyfriend loved it
Works good. I don't like having to remove the buckle each time you use it. The webbing is good and stiff.
Wonderful colors, wonderful fit, and they feel good, too! warm and comfy! What more do you need from a sock? Okay, maybe a glass of wine but that could be asking too much from a sock.
Little stiff but fit great and stupid cheap!
Got it for the granddaughter for her birthday and she loves it. It isn't really clear on how to charge it but once you figure it out, works fine.
These lights are great if you have money to throw into a blender. Wish they were much less expensive because they are definitely cheap to make. Don't expect to light up the road but you will make yourself much more visible and they look nice. I would recommend if you have an obnoxious amount of money.
It looks great, has a decent sharpness to it, and a nice size. When you take the knife out, make sure you whip it out with a bit of force so the linear lock can hold it into place. If you open it slowly it may not lock properly and you can possibly hurt yourself! Normally better knives will lock better no matter what, but it's not bad for a sub $10 knife.
Great bag for the price, its a decent sized bag you can hold a lot of things. Lots of pockets, but I wish there were more pockets inside that zipped instead of little pouches. Ive had the bag A little over a year now and it's still holding up
My husband ordered this for him and our 6 year old son to start practicing with. He sharpened them when he got them just because the tip didn't seem as sharp as it could be. Our son threw them at a pallet and they stuck 5 out of 7 throws.
Love this! Doesn't work well in beach sand/rocky stuff. Use this anchor all the time in muddy and grassy areas where the bottom is softer though. Poor man's power pole!
Perfect for table! A little hard to put in the pegs.
Really awesome storage space. The watertight method is awesome but parked in hot sun beware heat buildup. (Don't store tire repair glue in there) Ask me in a year what I think about the strength and longevity of the bag. Study construction but one bag got scratched by the rear brake caliper. (Fixed it with a small steel plate on the bike that shields the bag) Clever method to keep them firmly on the bike with adjustable tabs on the back of the bag that grab the rack. (Could use two of them because when the bike is on the rear wheel only to fit in an Elevator, the bags hang on the one plastic holder which doesn't look good, best put the holder in the CENTER of the bag) Need locking fasteners because a hard bump WILL shake them loose. (Fixed it with a little velcro strip around the fastener)
Product is advertised as 55 series. Product received was 51 series. I don't have time to reorder, so in the boat it goes. If it performs well, I will try to remember to update review. Update: It works awesome and is a great addition to the boat. I do not know the difference between 51 and 55 series, but for spraying down the floor and some fish blood, it works great.
Great lights for working in the early morning. I would give them a 5 star, but when you try to change the battery the small tabs holding the lid always break. If they made one from aluminum I would buy it in a minute.
The pouch is some what small to get a large penis and balls in securley.
Works well for my son
Built tough and looks great.
This would probably be better suited for smaller kids. For the price it is spot on. Easy setup. My teen daughter has really tested it out. It barley holds her kicks. That's why I think it would be suitable for the beginner. They probably don't kick as hard. All and all though it is a good product. Comes with anchors but we had to improvise hers cause she kept kicking it so hard.
Great compression - wish they had more solid colors
it came as advertised
Cute and fit as expected. Bands do loosen up after washing even though they were not put in the dryer.
Wasn't expecting much considering the price but was somewhat surprised on the overall quality of the rifle. Simple operation, easy pellet and bb's loading and powerful little unit though the scope it came with is not all that great. It was off by a hair but manageable. Can't wait to use it to thin out the pesky tree rodents that have caused damage to my home.
NIce and practical umbrella.
Ear flaps could be a little larger.
Haven't used this in the field yet, but from looking through the unit in the backyard it is clear mounted to a tripod easily plan on using it towards the end of the month to sight in s rifle
Feels great but material is a little on the thin side. I'm 5'7 150 lbs and ordered large and they fit just a tad loose. Still great for working out
it works. it's good.
Super durable product!
It came off my sunglasses while walking and I lost it
Decent quality for low price. Good for couch throws.
Very comfy! Perfect for basketball games . Pretty much unisex. Great quality. You will need to size up as is the case with most children's clothing in my experience. My girl wears a size 4 and medium fits her perfectly .
Great product, balls are affordable and give great performance.
Overall I like this product. The gauge for 30-30 did not fit, so I double-checked my rounds. They were within spec. I contacted Lyman and they told me that my checker was out of spec and ultimately sent me a new one. My rounds fit in the new one.
I purchased these for Crossfit, mainly for doing pull-ups and bar work. Was unsure of the size, as I have pretty small hands. I bought a Small, and they fit pretty good, but decided to then order the Extra-Small and compare. Both were good quality, nice gloves without too much padding and nice soft leather palms. I ended up going with the Extra-Small, as these fit very well and I figured the gloves would loosen up a little over time. I have not worn these to the gym, but I think they're going to be exactly what I needed - a little protection for my palms and better grip.
They don't wash clean very well. I got the white and I can't keep them white. Otherwise they fit perfect.
For the price I expected it to be much lower quality. I only use a duty belt a few times a month and did't want to pay much for something I rarely use. The pouches are easy to move where you want them and stay where you put them. I would recommend a trouser belt as it tends to ride up otherwise
Could be a tad longer for us taller people but works very well.
The polarization of the lens work great! The frames are larger and fit me perfect, very nice to have a hard case and be able to toss them in the tackle box without worrying about them getting scratched!
These are very nice for what they are intended for but some of our ladies were having a hard time with the shutters. You have to get the shutters just right, they have to be straight and some have to be lifted a little in order for them to be pulled down. One little lady just couldn't get it and had a heck of a time with them. I think maybe after they have been used and wore down they will work better for these ladies.
The colors are all really pretty but, like a few other reviews mentioned, the bands get dirty-looking, really fast, and they don't clean up at all. Not sure what that is all about.
They do their job, but they'll slide down the line the more you use them
They fit my young children perfectly! They are a bit to small for my adult face. As I peered through the lenses under water it seemed as if I was wearing someone's prescription lenses. The children did not mention this but it made it awkward for me. I haven't used them much personally as a result but they do every day.
All my friends want one since they saw mine. Very cute and compact but also sharp.
Great shin guard but slides around to much
I loved this product and have expanded my workouts thanks to these babies
Everything is great about this headgear but the buckle on chin strap is a bit difficult to deal with. Velcro tapes instead of buckle would have done better here.
The strap that hold the weight doesn't adjust.
First one i bought broke after a little fall. The second one I bought is holding up fairly well. Just be careful with it. Style is very sleek, and looks more expensive than it actually is. Both attributes are good for me.
The lines on the mirror were very helpful. The multiple holes to place tees makes the mirror very versatile.
Two for the price one. Very light material. High visibility zipper line. Comfortable against my body and perfect to carry my iPhone while running.
Solid and does the job but the heads of the bolts, as well as the other welded bits to attach the push up handles, stick out enough from the bottom that you can scratch your floors with it. (My solution was to put felt floor protectors over all the nubs) The foam for the handles smell and make your hands smell, they could probably be replaced, I put socks over mine.
It cane fully charged and I took a shower with it and it's fine. Altho it does change colors on the band when it comes in contact with clothing it turned red from my jeans
I got this for my DM friend and he loved it. Just be carefull how you open it. When he pulled it out of the box not knowing exactly what it was he accidentally put a tear in one of the folds. Some black duct tape should fix it though.
great compression sleeves i should have order size large not medium
Great product, would have got 5 stars, but did not come with any instructions for assembly. Took some tinkering, but was able to figure it out.
Overall it's a nice bag; however, the one thing that I do not the fact that one of the zipper I had to fix when it arrived and the zipper for the little pouch in the front makes a lot of noise when using it. But all in all it is a good bag. It is durable and the correct size.
Fits the rifle short sling mount picatinny rail which others do not. Not the most stable of bipods but ideal for quick deployment in woods, on a log or shooting prone from ground. Good value, but would not use for professional target shooting.
Works great, but not really waterproof. It is water resistant. If a little water gets on it, it is ok but you cannot swim or shower in it
Appears to be good quality, have not put to use just yet. Like the ruler detail
They are nice. The bag is nice to store them. The cushion is softer and thicker than my sisters plexus. However it isn't attached great. One of mine was loose but I pulled it and tightened it a little.
First tried this at a vacation rental. Gave my kiddo sense of independence and confidence. Gave me the ability to let go. I was with him in the water, but I didn't have to be in constant contact. Way more fun for both of us.
Should work fine. Hopefully I'll never need to use them.
Very easy to use and handle. Has lots of power for its compact size. Simple to put together.
Somewhat complicated to use, but materials are good.
No problem.delivery was on time,no damage,all parts accounted for,Easy assembly and so far table is holding it own.very satisfied.😊
Assembly was fairly straightforward, took about 30 minutes. Bench is solid, only minor wiggles due to the moving parts. Only gripe is that when laid flat, there is a gap between the seat cushion and the long cushion - it's an annoyance but not a problem.
Straps get twisted around while playing, putting it on and off during a round of golf. Sometimes the stand doesn't pop out as easily as my old ping bag. But it is lighter.
The shaft of the sock is about an inch short, which makes me pull on the sock some. Purposefully - not sure.
I love how easy it to use and how much time it saves me
Easy to use. Just hung it last weekend so we'll wait a few weeks for results. Also, found it in town for similar everyday price.
Ordered for the wrong golf cart, but with a minor modification we were able to get it to work perfectly with our 2009 Club Car. Overall it is great! We are happy with this item.
So far so good after 5 days. Easy to install and looks very nice. People have commented that it looks high tech and fancy. I have very small. Wrists but it fits fine. Very nice upgrade from the ugly, thick black band.
I bought this as an overnight business travel bag, and returned it immediately. It is quite large. Would be fine as a backpack travel bag for 2-3 day trips.
Misleading that the picture shows 3 treble hooks and it only comes with 2. Suspends very well and swims great. My only complaint is the misleading picture in reference to size. It's a small bait that catches small fish.
I read reviews that I should size down and regret doing this. They fit, but just so-- I would have much more velcro to work with if I bought my true size. I didn't consider wearing my Apple Watch while working out and the velcro straps do effect this. The strap has pushed the button and turned off my watch mid-workout. VERY frustrating. I am working on a solution and trying to make it work!
This particular yoga pant was skinny fit for my girlfriend. She feels it comfortable, much elastic. Material looks good and strong as well.
very comfortable, I'm 36C and order the size M and fit me perfect. This is a good deal.
They have a little hole near the thumb which could allow water or snow in or just cold air in. It's because of the Velcro strap. You can sorta make it better if you make it tighter but depending on the person it might be too tight and it'd probably allow water in.
These are great especially for my girls who play soccer to keep them cool.
good and works for price!
Like that it goes higher up on my ankles than most. Compression needs to Be tighter
Holds the gun and unlike every other pocket holster it covers the trigger, but when you draw your gun, the holster is coming with it.
great bag, i wish the backpack straps were on the same side of the bag as the haul handles, and not on the bottom of the bag. this makes for dirty backpack straps if the ground is muddy or wet. but the bag has good side pockets for my teens cleats, jerseys, mouthguard. the main space is big enough for his lacrosse gear. i love the mesh and venting capabilities. we hang the bag in the garage and it air everything out enough to keep it from really getting gross. it is the reason i chose this bag and it has been a good bag for us for about a month.
The Daisy Powerline 415 Pistol has a very impressive fps. For a bb gun I'm impressed how powerful it is. I was concerned however when I opened the box only to find the pistol completely out of it's package. Hopefully I won't experience any issues.
Greetings. This is a Very nice product. It has a bit of extra material on some of the rings that I need to trim off for a perfect circular ring (like little tags of silicon), but aside from that the colors are great and vibrant and the rings fit perfectly. I like the flexibility and they don't retain water underneath making your finger puffy. Nicely done. I plan to use the gold as a wedding ring.
I bought this to replace the A2 sling mount on my AR10 when I went to an adjustable gas block. The holes in the bottom of the A2 handguard aren't specifically designed to work with the MOE mount of the QD sling swivel but close enough.
I have used these gloves with great satisfaction over the last two winters, My only complaint is they are not touch screen friendly and the snug fit is inconvenient to take off touch your device and then back on. Otherwise, I would give them a 5 star,
Christmas present for my son. He loved it. He assembled it and tested it put has not had a chance to use it yet because of the season. He is looking forward to the chance to go fishing. He liked the metal reel and the case, for convenience and longevity,
Good quality for the price. Nice and low profile on a battle belt. AR mags fit snug, but are easy to withdraw. Plan to use it for an AR class. I can't see paying more for one unless you are planning to use in the field as a cop or military.
As a gift it was a success
I like how this adapter makes it so easy to install scope rings. I only gave it 4 stars because the teeth on the adapter are not sharp and long enough to get into the dovetail. Just barely grabs on. Mine are mounted on an air gun but a firearm with heavy recoil may loose the scope.
Product is great but the day after I buy it, the price drops from $65 to $45 lol..:(
Bought this as a gift and my husband loves it!! Very cute and affordable
Good fit. Really cute. Could be a little softer material under nose for comfort.
These clips make customizing my hunting bags easy. I use them for and on many things. I like that they are silent compared to metal rings. Just don't overload them to heavily and they work well
Fun & cheap. They're too small for big melons though.
its short but good for small game or birds.
Little difficult to rate products till the ice goes out
This is advertised as having white text and anchor. Not true. It's gold. Otherwise, it's probably going to be an ok purchase.
Size was just a little snug. If I had gone a size larger though, I think they would have been too big. But overall, not too bad a fit. Just have to get used to my toes up against the tip of the shoe.
Its a roller that works.
Was pleasantly surprised by this knife. This is my second Eafengrow. Very solid feeling, fit and finish is excellent! Came sharp. One problem I had with the first knife, a couple screws fell out of the handles. I got a quick reply from Eafengrow and they sent new ones but it took a couple months.(came on a boat from China I'm guessing) First thing I did with this new knife is take it to the shop and disassemble as far as I could and locktite all those screws. Found the second one I tried loose. the rest were so tight I messed up a tiny torx driver. These are really nice knives for the price but I wish the manufacturer would make sure the screws are tight from the factory. Would have been 5 stars if all screws were tight. If you're at all handy with tools, I would recommend putting some locktite on all screws you can get to. Be warned, there are a few small parts in there.......pay attention and have a clean clear work space. To sum up, if someone came up and handed me one of these knives I would expect the price to be at least three times as much as they cost.
Overall great product. They give instant feedback to the hitter and the require very little space. A couple of the covers are starting to split, but haven't broke.
given as gift. likes it
Keeps me in 20 tool while I'm outside working. I didn't know how well it was working until I took it off and was overwhelmed by the summer heat
product was well made, the sleeve strap could have a better design and the pull loops should be reinforced with the cover material for more durability. fits well. if the strapping also held in the cover shell, you could use to hold other thermal packs but the strapping is attached to the loops on the thermal pack. self serving design
bolted right up and accepted swivel
Liked them, but wish inside had pattern with same color intensity.
I only wish the handle didn't shorten. It keeps some of the water from draining.
I like the cushioning, but the stitching should be stronger, it ripped the first time i put them on.
Easy to switch in and out, does take some time to break in. It's classy and makes the Ionic look toned down enough to wear with anything. I have purchased other bands for my Ionic and this is as easy to switch in and out as the original band.
I love the bag. It fits all my equipment easily. The only issue is the zipper on the pocket. It didn't hold up long... it could have been my kids opening and closing it... but it is plastic and now won't close. The rest of the bag is perfect and WELL WORTH THE MONEY.
Product came as described
So far this has been a great light. Nice pattern that the 3 LED's project. It is much brighter than my $130 light on Amazon. I'm giving it 4 stars based on it does not reach 300 yards to the point where you can see a coyote. It's more like 100 to 150 yards max. Still a great light.
It works alright, doesn't stay synced to app all time but all in all good.
Built well.I thought it might have been a little bigger.
Exactly what I was looking for, maybe a little more padding in shoulder area would help, if you are walking a while and have a heavy mat a softer shoulder would be nice. But a great carry bag otherwise.
Decent product although the Velocity balls are a better fit for my swing speed.
It's a bit heavy. The night vision is ok but it's not for very dark situations. Good nonetheless.
This is a good ball for the weekend golfer. Hard enough to go. Just soft enough to have a little touch. The right price in case you have an off day and send a half dozen into the drink.
A bit pricey for a roller but it's much nicer than the cheaper ones I've used. Bought it for my sister but I'd like one now.
Hat is good quality, but it took over 3 weeks to get here. So for the quality and price I think it was worth the weight
The Cubs emblem wasn't a raised C as shown. It was the logo painted. Other than that I liked it all right.
I like these socks. Perfect thickness. Little bit too long but that's not a bad thing. Feet feel good running and lifting in them
Nice that its aluminum bc i use it for stripers in salt water. Didnt like when the jaws twist while extracting the 3/0 hook though. Nice lanyard and holster also
Love the color and fits great. I received it damanged a bit as you can see in the picture, a small link is broken so if I am wearing a full sleeve or sweater, sometimes it snags it, so I wear it the other way away. So I didn't return it as I was still able to use it.
works very well. the true test will be how long before it fails. I am 76 years old, 145 pounds, and I thrown it down on my golf fairway quality lawn. My last two of other brands cracked after about five months. I hope this one does better.
Okay first of all, this bottle is huge, I understood the concept of a 2L but to see it in person is another story (the photo does not do it justice). This is like holding a 3 month old baby. 2nd I'm not a fan of the haphazard bend of the straw on the bottom when the cap goes on in an effort to block out water, the system is not fail proof at all and the concept is approached haphazardly. Besides that I guess it's a good bottle, I just don't like how the straw is not locked in stably. Now that I have this I might be staring at it for a while before I decide I'm going to go through with using it. On the other hand, this might be good for tall or body proportionate people. Maybe. It might also be good on long trips, but that's not what I got it for (back to the drawing board). Update: I love this thing. I just leave it on my desk and it helps me drink more water when I'm home. Wouldn't exactly travel with it though on the daily.
I am a PE teacher and I taped this poster in my gym. We work on different stretches each day and identifying the muscle groups that they are working on so this poster is helpful to them.
The blocks are extremely helpful doing yoga poses if you are not overly flexible. They are sturdy, yet soft to the touch. The price seems reasonable.
Happy with purchase, product as described
Although it was to big for me I still kept it because it still work on me. I still had a nice layer of sweat underneath, and if I lose more weight I plan on buying another. Buy a size down though. They stretch quite a bit.
MInor color issue on one ring, the blue of the Patriot color over on the ring. After receiving realized there were not made in America. Overall nice rings.
Seems good. Would prefer the handles to be one piece not pop in. Kick stand needs to be shortened so does not tip.
great case for the money. I like the fact it holds 12 arrows on the one side. there is plenty of space and the nylon straps with Velcro allow you to secure the bow
These are nice chairs! Have had em on my boat for about 3 months now. Holding up nicely so far.
Works well, but there I still roll off the base.
Perfect. It's a bit of a tight fit but it makes a BIG difference in the ability to turn the focus knob. It could be improved by having a white marking at "zero" since it obscures the original knob's markings. To solve this myself, I used a drill to make a shallow countersink hole and filled it with white paint.
Note I wanted to give this fitness band a 4.5 out of five but the review system is not set up to allow. This unit is VERY well engineered and easy to use. Would recommend to anyone who wants to track fitness, sleep, heart rate, etc. on a regular basis during the day. The fitness application is very helpful during physical activity with the active heart rate tracking and flashing color code designating heart rate zone. Allows you to quickly see color without focusing/looking at actual numbers. Positives: - Full size USB located on end of device allows charging without any adapter. How many times have you not been able to charge when your band charger adapter is not available? Just use any phone or tablet charger or computer usb outlet. Just release one side of band and USB end is available for charging. -Color display is amazing being large enough and bright enough to see in all lighting conditions with a quick glance. - Color display automatically adjusts to light conditions so brighter in day...muted after dark. - Activity tracker - Band is very comfortable Negatives: - Have experienced several episodes of Bluetooth becoming un synced with phone. Usually requires a quick re connect in phone settings if it does not automatically re connect. However, have had to reboot phone a few times to resync. - 5 day battery is nice and very much within norm for the amount of functions that this band provides but a full 7 day battery life would be better. Over all this band is a very good and well designed product especially at the price point. Would definitely purchase another in the future if needed.
fairly sturdy. dip bar a little high.
The edges curl, sometimes. I cut the curled portions off, with scissors. It hurts pulling the tape off my skin, which is why I do not use the product as much as I need to. I use it on my knees, the most.
Everything ok just missing 8 pcs... I was curious to count the 50 and only 42 lol ... all good no biggie
I found this while searching for a 2 ball style putter. I figured for the cost it was no big loss of I didn't like it. Well i like it very much. The grip is very comfortable. I did have to shorten the shaft to fit my height. I was able to remove and reinstall the grip without damaging it. It would be nice if it were available in a different color scheme. I'm not crazy about lime green but it is growing on me. I like the feel of the ball off the face of the putter. The alignment system works well. Some of the reviews talk about the finish not holding up. I'm not sure what surface people are using it to putt on but I putt on grass. I have hundreds of putts on mine and there is not one single blemish, scratch or chip on it. Putting tip: It's really hard to control your speed of you drag the putter on the ground on the putting stroke. I put the cover on it when it is in my bag. I guess some people are just hard on equipment. If your looking for a two ball style putter give it a shot.
I like that this is a nice wide band and the stretch is great. I would have preferred to be able to cinch it in more. I feel like it doesn't get quite right enough. My waist is much smaller than my hips so if I wear it lower it works great or if I wear it higher. But right at the waist is an awkward spot for me.
Sturdy and attractive. Good fit for iPhone 8 Plus. Somewhat awkward fastening system.
Does not really look the same as pictured on the site
Received as pictured, great value for product.
While this product is well made, and the touch piece works very well. The one flaw I found in the product, is that on a cold windy day, the wind will go right through the gloves. Still had to keep my hands in my coat to try to keep them warm. The quality, material and construction of the gloves are very good. They just need to figure how to keep the wind from penetrating the material so quickly.
Fits tight which is what I needed for plantar fasciitis.
Flag pole is kinda of short
This band is nice for the price. It is a little bulky for my liking but overall it was exactly as I expected it to be.
These arrived very quickly in a nice bag and looked like high quality. Someone I know just paid $50 for a set of similar bands. I am doing a workout series with someone that adds them in sometimes. The bands are thick and strong. They stay in place, which is a first for any resistance band for me! The only thing is that I can only wear the largest band. I am not skinny, but am about a size 6 so I am not extremely large either. It fits tight and cuts in a little. I don't foresee myself ever being skinny enough for the others, but I get a great workout that is HARD with the one-not at all like rubber bands. I do wish they offered them in slightly bigger sizes so I could use the full range of them for different exercises...or that my thighs were smaller. 🙂
The quality of the bow is very sound... just wish it came with some instructions on how to put together, instead of searching online to find out
Can hold both my skis but if there is any real current or wave, it will bairly hold one alone! But still great because the size/weight is easy to store. The price is fair n fast shipping!
I purchased three. One cob size for my mustang and two regular size for my quarter horses. I like the mesh and the fit a lot. My only suggestion is the Velcro straps at the bottom could use a better system. I had other masks last year that had a three part mesh system. One on the mask. A strap over that and another to close over the second strap. It make it real hard for my mustang to pull the other's masks off which he loves to do. All in all a good mask . the better closure system would just make it better
Pretty cool! Leaks a little from the forehead when I dive down and water pressure increases. Appears to correct itself. I think the water is expelled when you exhale.
It's really good for keeping your variables when you go out for a walk or when you are in the gym working out. I wish the have bigger sizes for plus size women tho.
Works as advertised - but not the easiest to setup and dismantle.
We got it for our beach outing and had fun.
i love blitzu compression socks i have about 8 pairs and a few of them are tight at the top like i need a big size but if i was to get a bigger size they eould be too big but overall i love them and will continue to order more
This holster is perfectly molded to the Taurus Judge Polymer Public Defender. After a little work adjusting the retention screws for best hold, it is a nice, protective, very useful holster.
Works well for the price.
Excited about this purchase
These bottles are simple and plain vanilla. Works for me. True, they are a little harder to squeeze than other bottles of this type, but I forgive that minor drawback because this plastic is probably much less dreadful.
Only use this in my boat
This is perfect for adding enough grip for all your fingers. I do have to say that putting it on is not easy. It is a very tight fit, but it does fit. I bought two for my clips and had to use a rag and a pair of channel lock pliers to get them to seat all the way. Once they're on they fit like they're factory. It's nice to not have my little finger just hanging below the grip.
seems well made and the pins are nice and bright. lost a star because it does not come with the allen wrench to adjust it. nice price.
lOVE THE NEW GLOVES BC NOT ONLY DO THEY PROTECT MY HANDS FROM BLISTERS BUT THE WRIST BAND HELPS KEEP MY WRIST STABLE. THE ONLY THING IS THE FINGER HOLES BOTHER A LITTLE BIT IN BETWEEN FINGERS AND CAN BE ANNOYING. I AM NOT SURE IF ITS A PRODUCT ISSUE OR MAYBE I SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN A BIGGER SIZE. ALSO LIKE THE CARRY CASE AND THE BAND THE COME WITH. VERY AFFORDABLE PRICING COMPARED TO OTHERS OUT THERE!
Took my grandson hunting for the first time in this blind!!! Worked out nice. Good quality!
Very good product at a great price.
I saw this knife a year or so ago and really wanted to get it. I couldn't justify the price at the time, so I just waited. Then when it dropped down to around $10 I bit! Have really enjoyed it and it came quite sharp already, however, two things keep me from giving it 5 stars: 1). It is a spring assisted release and therefore has the rotation point along the main screw in the center (clearly visible in the picture). Since it is under pressure and opening/closing it produces vibrations, the center screw began getting looser after maybe 50-100 times opening and closing it. This screw loosening has caused the blade to wobble in the open position. Isn't a major deal, but better-made knives have a sleeve/bearing of sorts to keep from having the screw loosen (See Kershaw assisted release; I have one and love it). This can be remedied by tightening the star head screw, but it will just get loose again after another 50-100 opens. 2). The pocket clip on the back of the knife is somewhat challenging to open up and clip to your pocket. It holds great once it's in there, but it sometimes takes two hands to reattach it. Mainly a product of the whole knife being so tiny. Besides these two issues/annoyances, this knife is great and has generated a ton of laughs and smiles when I show it!! I really do enjoy having it around because it is quite unbecoming and opens Amazon boxes like a charm. I would definitely recommend it!
Wish this came with a wrist strap
It's a cute band but you have to tie it a couple times real tight because it will get loose. But other than that it's nice. I have the black and white one.
I haven't worn yet but they fit good and feel OK
This item is ok for what it does and I need for added support.
price, comfort, delivery time.
awesome quality and it feels like it will last for sure. We always play. the only thing that I could not install is the gadget that controls the score board, I just cant understand how it fits on the lower bar, still working on it.
Base is very well made. Only reason four 4 stars instead of 5 is because the base is 8" instead of the advertised 9". So I had to drill more holes in my boat to mount it. But that is not a huge deal.
They fit really good just open and put them in and it came on time
Does make a slight ringing buzzing high pitch sound when it use which can irritate your ears other than that amazing product
Great little knife for your keychain. It's tiny, but super sharp. Put a laynard on it and it makes it pretty comfortable to hold. I have smaller hands so can't speak for big handed people.
Too long. I should have ordered the 6 ft
Quality bottle, great material. And, I love the logo. It only leaks when not closed tightly and securely.
Arrived as expected.
too small for my arms but they work wonderfully is I cut the bands a little. Do you have a bigger size? Do they have sizes?
Great quality kneepads. My kids use them whenever they play basketball. Comfortable and affordable. My kid are 8 years old and ordered small size for him , it fits perfectly on him , I would recommend and will continue to buy this product.
I liked the price and the fact that it's waterproof! The curved USB charger seems tricky. And, when it booted up, the date and time were incorrect.
Nice and sturdy, soft soil in my area has a little trouble staying in place.
Love the durability after two weeks. It looks "worn" after just two weeks... in other words the dirt shows very quickly but I'd like to think since it's a natural gray and brown that it just looks like natural worn leather.
Very compact set, which is perfect for my range bag. The only downside is the foam inside was a little squished, so my rods don't fit properly. Can't complain though, since the set is very nice!
I like it. Easy to install. It is lightweight (which I like) but I do wonder if it really is rated for 300 lbs. It just seems to light to hold 300 lbs. The last two rungs don't see to have the same support as the top two rungs because the last two rungs are not really supported by your pontoons. I just mounted it yesterday and going out on the water tomorrow so I might write an update. Also, the instructions could be more detailed....I have two rubber pads left over from the packet that I have no idea what to do with because the instructions don't specify and I couldn't find any other instructions on the internet.
The wide resistance bands are really nice I love the way they do not roll up on you like the small rubber ones. But there is really only one band that is the so called weakest band that I can use with my client because they get to hard to stretch to get on and move. I like them alot
comfy socks, but kinda thick.
I like the light and switch button, I'm very happy with my purchase
Super clear optics. Easy to mount. But I have not used it. I am a long time Nikon scope user however and have had nothing but great success with each Nikon scope.
Gloves fit well and seem to be quality made. I can't speak to the durability as I haven't used them enough. I can say they feel unique in a positive way.
Love the color and somewhat protection, problem is that the barrier is very small, which can still get the screen damage. The band and the cover is one piece by the way!
Chain is too short to use with 45 pound barbell plates and all bumper plates.
I liked the rain suit but did not like that does not have pockets. When I need to use the suit, I want to be able to add a few items with me. Instead, I had to place those items underneath the coat and pants and place them in my inner clothes. Made it tough to retrieve them without unzipping the jacket and sometimes lowering the pants.
I really like this brace but which it had something at the top to keep it from rolling
Purchased two as gifts. Recipients were delighted with them.
A little baggy rather than fitting. Needs a belt because the button comes undone easily but they are good pants aside from that
It fit over my thick hair, very little water gets in.
I have wide feet and these fit my feet quite comfortably. I ordered my normal size and they must run large because it accomodates for foot width. When it comes to quality... I don't think they'll last for years, but hopefully ok for my once a week bowling addiction.
Got what I ordered, everything looks good
4 stars for the time being as I just purchased and installed. Very bright light for the price. Well built. I'm looking forward to see how it holds up. Thanks.
The embroidered parts looks good, the trip looks sloppy.
The socks are fine, comfortable - They're a bit big for me. I'm short - 5'1" and so they're long and I have to fold them down near the knee. The foot size is also a bit long - bunches up a bit at the toe. My shoe size is 8 1/2 so the medium should be my size. I'll wear and enjoy them, however.
Good quality but I find it too stiff... hurts in the back of the knees when you bend
Overall, this is a solid set of fitness gear. All the pieces are heavy duty and well-made. I used this to set up a lat-pull station in our back yard for my son. We have loaded it with up to 100 lbs. of weight and have had no problems. Two things to be aware of: • The eyebolt on the pulley is not secured, so it can unscrew if the pulley is swiveled around several times. My son learned this the hard way. He was hanging from it and spinning (which he should NOT have been doing) and the pulley unscrewed itself and fell. Ideally, there should be a lock nut or washer on the eyebolt to prevent this from happening. • The cable is shorter than I would like. I was hoping to run the cable through a second pulley so there's some distance between the user and the weights. But it's only long enough to go through one pulley, which means you have to pull at a slight angle rather than straight down. These aren't major issues, and we're happy with our DIY home pull-down station.
Works as needed, but for other Men out there, the larger size is still pretty small. Just fits me, should have gone bigger.
This product is nice. Much cheaper than competing products but works just as good. I have only used it a couple times now as I try to learn some pliability exercises. Product works great for doing this sort of work without a partner.
Worth the money. Cheaper than buying it at a store. A little flimsy but it gets the job done
The door seems a little thin, but it is perfect for what I needed.
Very warm and soft! I ordered a medium and it was much bigger than I expected. I am still happy with my purchase and do not plan to return for a different size.
Didn't hold as much stuff
Good mag holder, but is a pain to adjust. And opening the belt clip feels impossible sometime. But it's good quality and does it's job. I use mine to hold my 1911 mags.
I have had these gloves for about a month. I was concerned about ordering online but the measurement was pretty accurate. They fit well and do not hold moisture which prevents smelling. Great purchase for the price.
Good. Tight. Works well.
Good quality product
So far so good seems to work ok, hook is a little small but so is the scale. No complaints
Holds ice well if you put in cold water!
4 of 5 stars, because I "like it" and I do. The one complaint I do have is the plastic BB backward spiral, which increases distances, also creates an upward draft of the plastic BB. You need to aim about 1 ft. lower on the target. None-the-less, you get what you pay for and in this instance what you get is a lot of fun for a good price for a starting airsoft gun.
It works super well it is very bright and hot so don't make skin contact the 2nd light that comes with it is also very cool just needs a double a battery my high power laser lasted ab 30 min and I had to charge so I'm assuming it's cause I was shipped with a low battery but it works very well
I can definitely tell i sweat more when wearing these. I have bigger arms, and this makes me feel like I'm targeting that area more.
Returned due to certain reading needed on tracker
I need a pair for gloves for gym so I decided to get this pair. Please find below my experience. 1. Fitting: These gloves fits perfectly and I did find any issue with the size and fitting. Perfect in that sense. 2. Design: Design is good and looks nice on hands. Also once side got material which always air passing so I did not feel any sweating. 4. Comfort: I did not face any issue when doing most of the exercises but I felt discomfort when doing pull-ups and had to remove the gloves to complete the exercise. I cannot do pull-ups with these gloves. If you exclude pull-ups it was good experience. Only because of pull ups issue I have reducing one ⭐️ otherwise it was 5 ⭐️. Thanks
I was worried the belt would come off but it doesn't. It's comfortable and works just like I thought it would.
This life jacket is so comfortable. Perfect for kayaking! The front padding is a little thicker than a normal life jacket, but the sizing is true to size. Definitely recommend
Ease of opening and closing
I haven't had any problems with these. They both look great and are wonderfully made. My only problem is the clasps that connect to the watch face are a little loose. With some pushing, I was able to get it to stick, but you don't have to push in the lever to pull it off. Absolutely no issues with the band falling off though, just something to be wary of.
I was advised to purchase an exercise ball for weight bearing exercises. It has been very helpful without putting unnecessary weight on my previous injuries. I would recommend this.
looks and fits great.
I'm an avid trail runner and have recently developed some heel and arch pain. These compression sleeves give my feet plenty of support so I can still hit the trails.
I like it. It does it's job
I haven't used it yet but it feels like it's real corn and it has the smell in of real corn
I haven't really used the axe. So I can't really comment on how it performs. But just eyeballing it, I can see that there's a curve going from the head down to the blade. I don't think it should be there. Hence -1 star.
I like these very durable but they get dirty easy and won't wipe clean
It was a little big for my son, but he loved it.
Haven't used yet, but it seems really sturdy.
My son loves this watch, hence the 4 stars. The bands are also really nice and gummy and smooth feeling. However, the little band that keeps the strap tucked in always falls off and, bc it's so small, we can never find it so we had to buy these new bands. I'm not giving them 5 stars solely based on the fact that that little thing slips off so easily. Just be careful with it!
Good comb works well. Use primary for horses, but will works on the dogs as well.
The product seems to be a good value. If the bands will hold up and don't break I will give it 5 stars. We'll see.
Holds rods secure. Easy to mount.
I bought this for a Christmas gift. This will be a perfect beginners for them.
The case does attract dog hair, unfortunately. Maybe its the cold weather and static.
Got this as a replacement ball when an earlier one from another vendor developed a leak. My daughter is just starting out and she loves it (after stating that she hates ball sports). She is practicing her shot more and more and is gaining confidence early because she is starting to get the ball consistently to the rim. She would not have been able to do this with a regulation ball at her young age.
Didn't seem to work for my pain from a heel spur. The socks were very nicely made. I'm giving them to my mom. Thank you. Very nice product though.
I would like the mags to fit a little more snug / tight than they do. Any suggestions?.? Other than that I love the design features!
Used these the last 2 years. Love the love, like their penetration. As long as theyre sharp, you're good to go with these. Ive had to resharpen a few times in the blind, but thats more because we didnt get to see as many deer as we'd hope. SO it was a lot of taking the arrow out, putting the arrow back in the quiver. Id order them again.
Pretty cool. Works well. Glad I got it. Even direct hits to the hook with 9MM didn't misshape it at all.
Yes I like it, it looks really nice
This is a great OWB holster for the Springfield XDS .45 . Took a bit of break-in to make it useable. But after a week or so it seems fine.
Very good fit, played racquetball with it last night and no pain what so ever.
Ok quality for what it is
The fit my daughter, not me....
Replacement bands are not available for this model. After having band for week the band shows alot of dirt and unable to clean off.
This mat was a definite upgrade for me but I've found it to be a little slippery for some poses during warmer yoga sessions. I'm sure there is a way to rectify this but I haven't tried anything yet. Overall, it's great and way more comfortable than my previous thinner mat. Plus, the design is great too!
Nice product. I was initially disappointed that it was not embroidered, but it is a quality cover.
Inside of the bag looks like it can hold a lot of things. The bag is made out of nice material and has two large side pockets. Very nice will do an updated review after using it for awhile! So far it's a good buy!
They were a bit hard to put on my legs but the fit was right. They do a good job of relieving edema on my ankles even after standing on my feet for a long time.
I have used this sight for a couple of months. I found that installation required trimming the mounting screws so they didn't lever the base up at the rear.(Glock 17 MOS) Once that was done I took it to the range to sight it in. You need a sight tool and a set of suppressor height sights to make this co-witness. Design flaw 1. Access to the sight lock is only available with the rear sight removed. I sighted the gun in with the sights and once I had it dialed in I took the rear sight off and set the lock screws then re-installed the rear sight. I shot a few more shots to verify it was still on and it wasn't. I don't know if it creeped or what. I took the rear sight off re-zeroed the Viper and locked the screws again. I put it all back together and still it seemed like it had moved but not as bad. I'm going to use the sight for a couple more months then redo my review. The other design flaw is the requirement of taking the sight off to change the battery and re-zeroing it all over again. The dot is way bright very visible in bright sunlight to the point that it makes the dot large and blurry. But its easily fixed by turning down the intensity. Once the intensity is set it stays there when you power it off and on. It has an auto shut off that I have used several times because I forgot and left it on when I re-cased the gun. When I turn it off I put the cover on the sight to keep it from being scratched. Some observations on the sights. It's fine for range work and competition but this is not for defensive carry. With the fact that it requires pressing a button prior to use and the auto off feature I can't recommend this for that purpose. The difficulty in replacing batteries also makes it a bad choice. The sight glass it fantastic. Its clear and big so picking up the red dot is easy with practice. I thought I would be able to pull it up and find the red dot quick. Not so much, but it's not the sights fault. I need to build that familiarization with the sight before I did any quick gun work. Having used an EoTech on a rifle for the last 10 years i thought it would be like that but it requires a different set of skills. I will let you know how it goes.
I've had this bike for a little over one month now, and love it. It's sturdy, smooth, and so quiet. The way that the handlebars and seat adjust horizontally and vertically made it really easy to get a perfect fit for me. Assembly was free when I ordered my bike, so I had it professionally assembled. Since it doesn't have an onboard computer, I bought a Wahoo cadence sensor, and mounted that to the pedal crank arm. I also bought the Wahoo RPM sensor, but can't figure out how to mount it on this bike. I bought the Sunny tablet/phone holder so I could use the Wahoo app and a popular indoor cycling app. Because I use two apps when I cycle and monitoring cadence is important, I spend most of the time with the Wahoo app displayed on my screen, and just have to listen to the indoor cycling app. I'm debating about buying a more elaborate computer to add to the bike (in place of the Wahoo sensors).
Very nice belt and well made.
Works pretty good in a Remington Express.
It works, so that's great. I dislike the throttle control, I find myself reaching for it with my hands as my foot can't seem to grip the small wheel. The OEM style worked much better but it also broke every year of two. If this style is more durable it'll be a worthy tradeoff.
I needed a 5 lb. set of dumbbells to complement sets of 1-4 lbs. I already owned. I really like the neoprene material as it helps with the grip, and even if your hands get sweaty you still feel like you won't drop them. These were a reasonable price, and they meet my needs. I would recommend them.
Bought the bag for son to carry sports uniform and 2 pairs of shoes. Perfect size for that. Canvas was thicker than I thought but flexible.
The container is wrong for those. Very easy spill. Other then that good product
these are not tres chic but they are adorable and people comment on them all the time...the cute one with the paws lights up in the dark
Nice, adjustable fit. Waterproof as advertised.
Would have liked them to be a little taller but they serve their purpose.
I like this product. It does what I need it to do: track steps and sleep. the only negative thing I can say so far is same as others - can't read the display at all when outdoors but I bought product knowing that so for the price I am ok with that.
Just what I was looking for. New to Disc Golf and this set is ideal for three players. Big difference in flight characteristic from a standard cheap Frisbee. Thank you.
Husband loves them. He's a big Patriots fan!!
My game still sucks, but it isn't the balls fault.
Easy to use, and exactly as described.
Can't beat it for the price
I pulled the knife out a couple times and it became wobbly. Other than that it works good and the knife is sharp, but seems like it could break if used burning a fight
This tracker works as well as my previous Fit Bit, the only downside is that I can connect it to my calorie tracking app to automatically download like some of the other fitness trackers, but for the cost difference I will happily manually input the information into the other app.
This bag is good for day trips. Keeps ice solid for 8 hours in 70 degree weather. I wouldn't bring it on overnight trips or leave in a hot car for a while. The pack rests a little high on the back when worn and the shoulder straps are fully extended. All in all, for <$30 it is a good find.
I am really excited about this product, it's such a beautiful color, feels very safe and sturdy fabric , it's in good quality, only problem I had with the trapeze is that it did not come with any instructions! Only a little booklet showing a few yoga posses but nothing about how to put together, i used You-tube in order to figure it out but from there it was fairly easy to assemble
I'm very pleased with this purchase! I took a chance on the used option. There are some scuffs on the product, but overall it functions how it's supposed to and thats all I care about. Disregard the poor reviews about instructions not being very good. You don't really need instructions.
A little tight, i would order a size up so you don't have to smush your fingers through
It has come in handy many times already and I hope to get many years of service from it
Not the best optic but a great value for the price. The clarity is very good with no grains or dirt specs magnification is acceptable. It is extended eye relief. Overall it is certainly not the best optic but it will do the trick. only time will tell how durable but even if it breaks you could buy several of these and still pay less then some of the higher quality brands. It can be nice to not have to worry too much about bumping your scope on stuff.
The good: - easy to assemble - sturdy and well built - adjustable handlebar and seat height is great for older kids - stylish looking The not so good: - The lowest setting on the handle bar is too high for a 1 year old. Wish the bar was lower.
I overall think this a good rangefinder but it is not the best. It is a great deal though. One thing I don't like is that the letters and numbers are in black. It makes it harder to read. Everything else such as accuracy seems pretty good.
I have never sweat so much working out til I wore this!!! Definitely recommend it if you're trying to sweat more than normal!
I really like these, but the included adhesive pad (3M brand ) came off after only a week. Not an overly heavy object (2 lb handgun) either. Love the thinness of these, love the flexibility, and the magnetic strength is awesome! but I had to screw them down. Now I have screws coming through a shelf and are noticeable...adhesive option was the reason I bought them, so disappointed, but still made it work and I love the magnet
My 5 year old absolutely loves these goggles. Purchased for a 6 year olds birthday at the pool. No leaks, no fog up, definitely helped with being confident in the water. My only hope would be for a small carry case.
Really great colors and the LED lit wheels were a big hit but the throat of the scooter got stuck and will not move so locking device was removed to try and get at correct height. Locking mechanism not on so hope it's safe.
I wanted step tracker for so long but I don't want to spend so much money. I saw this offer and ordered immediately. It works really good. Look wise it's ok. I only have problem with the band but price wise it's acceptable.
Loved the rubber tips that LOOKED like an actual arrow tip. The fletching (feathers) on some of the arrows were rather cheesy, but it was being used for just one day, sooooo... :)
This is a perfect bag for using at stadiums requiring clear purses.
Easily concealable while protecting you gun from body moisture. Holster holds gun firmly and yet is easy to draw. Very form fitting and concealable. Good value for the money.
These were the cheapest pair that I could find. Surprisingly, they are fairly thick and very comfy. I wear them very often and bought another pair for my pregnant wife
Appreciate the size. As advertised. Quick delivery.
Bought this to use as a fancy box cutter for work. Small compact, deploys quickly, not sharp but for the price it's great!
Pretty solid. Don't know if it'll take down an aggressive homeless guy yet, but hope I get the chance to find out.
Great value. Only downside is that due to the size it needs to be disassembled after every use. My 9 year old has a difficult time assembling so I need to reassemble each time.
Beautiful, strong machine. Many options. Can be confusion. It's manual is a must read. A little noisy when running at a hi speed. Must have enough space! Assembly is a major problem! Don't purchase if you are not handy or personally know someone who will assemble for you. Amazon customer service was no help! Actually part of the problem. Very misleading.
Nice quality product. Thick padding provides extra cushion for scoped guns. Only slight negative about the gun case is the small compartment on the side of the case should be about twice the size to be more useful. Other than that the straps and zippers all seem to be of good quality.
The color was a little lighter than expected but it still worked for costume.
Like these. They do the job. Pain in the neck to put in, but I think all compression socks are.
Great design with vibrant colors. I ordered a small, but it really fits like a medium. For that reason, this won't be used as often (probably just when I go to the beach). However, the stitching is fine, the material is as described, cool and comfortable. I am disappointed that the size small doesn't fit better because I would like to wear this more often, but oh well.
Got this from the warehouse so it was a discount. Works well. Can't roll up the flaps with the screens flaps zipped up. Maybe a flaw in the design or manufacturing. Discount was enough to deal with it.
My daughter loves this bat it is just the right fit for her. This is her first season and I didn't want to spend a lot of money Incase she didn't like the sport.
These were a little larger than expected but they seem to work so far after using them for a couple of months. It's better than just the bar but they take some getting used to. If you use them consistently they will work out for you, I'm sure!
I had trouble with the scope. After my review I got an email from the manufacturer offering a replacement or refund. I appreciate that kind of good customer service.
Pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the cap is, tip - keep it adjusted for a tight fit and wear it down on your head, it has a tall head space. The camera loosened a couple of times but I solved that by putting a star washer between the upper side of the cap bill and the camera mount. To help keep it from coming loose, leave the base installed on the cap instead of removing it after each filming.
Good shirt but shrinks an entire size.
I just wish the strap was longer. Good quality.
Granted my feet are a little on the large size. (14 if you are asking) So these socks fit sort of, The do cover my feet and are nice and snug, but they only come up to my calves. They would probably fit some five foot dude with tiny little size 12 feet perfectly. 2xl may have worked, but they do not have those.
Nice looking. Received damaged parts but replacement sent rather quickly. So far enjoying it!
It was just what I needed but a economy pack would do a lot better
Lightweight and seems durable but have only used once. I bought 3, 1 for me and 2 other for hiking friends. One of my buddies had trouble with dispensing water from mouth piece but later looked like he packed it wrong, but havent tried it since repackaging. All in all happy with them so far.
So far so good. Need to wait for our trainer to come out to give us additional info on this. I marked low on traveling because we can not travel with Doug's illness.
Mouth cover freezes up after a while but it's comfortable and warm.
Clothes hanger is better
good quality well made product.
My husband is a body builder and wanted a ring he didn't have to take off and put back on all the time when going to the gym. These are perfect and he says they are super comfortable. The only slight drawback is you have to make sure you dry underneath the ring very thoroughly after washing hands/ showering or your skin will start to peel off. I guess it's because of the material.
Not quite as efficient as I had hoped
Good padding but lacking in some wrist support.
Thought it would be laminated but it wasn't. Other than that it came in perfect condition.
Loose fit in body and sleeves. Comfortable feel if looking for relaxed fit.
I am in love with this umbrella! I had been looking for one for a long time and ran across this one. It has worked well for me for a while now! The only thing that could make it better is the handle. The handle is plastic and feels hollow. I wish it was a little more heavy in the hand. I'm fine with the plastic, I just wish it was a little more hearty. I use this all the time!
Upon first use, it folded open easily. I was able to place 30 briquets in the chimney and coals in about the same time as a regular chimney. I did not notice any significant warping due to the heat. The handle is comfortable but I recommend wearing leather gloves as the handle is fairly close to the chamber wall. After the chimney cooled down, I folded the handle easily but when collapsing the walls to fold shut there was some minor resistance in the hinge area but it folded and fit neatly back in the cloth bag. The cloth bag is a nice touch to keep from getting any residue in your camping gear.
The low profile clasp is what drew me to this design. I never feel it when I rest my wrists on my desk when typing all day. Exactly what I was looking for! It is a bit awkward when fastening tho. when you insert the end of the band to tuck inside the other end, it tends to stick a little. But not a deal breaker! Love it!!!
Decent product.. does add support to instep/and ankle.. not sure if they protect from injury/ re-injury but makes a difference with jogging.
This is a cheap little pump but for the money it is fine. If it works for you one time you got your moneys worth.
Works like a stop watch but the neck piece is to short
Bent at the tips but still super sharp and cool! Worth the money for sure.
good stuff but too pricey
The brace stretches well and is not uncomfortable. Well made and worth the price.
The product is a great idea very comfortable but the retaining strap for the handgun was frayed look worn when stretched the elastic would was too thin and weak.
Don't expect to fit a lot in here . It's a little smaller than expected it will do for short hikes.
Decent as to right now. No problems.
Product arrived promptly.
Serves it's purpose. Handy!
Took a little adjustment time, the upper lip rubbed at first. Fits well very comfortable now.
Great for jeans to wear inside boots.
The projector received, the trial of a good effect, the picture is very clear, the evening shows the effect of better, to children to see the cartoon is very happy, I see the drama is very good, the price is not expensive to start with
Lots of storage area however the body cord that clasps around you broke off day 1 on our trip to Europe. It was for my son to use and became very heavy for him.
Fits well, but the shirts are a bit long, i'm 5'8
needed a new bb gun at my place in PA. accurate and definitly worth the purchase. sometimes the magnet lets the bb go though.
For the money good value it shoots pretty accurate out to 30 yards or so fairly easy to reload and the noise is not bad either
It is perfect and the tray is just what I needed to keep track of my small parts!
It's a very good jacket combo for the price. They need to change the stitch color to something dark however.
I like the fact that it's breathable and it doesn't cause a smell when I sweat. Great product.
Very lightweight and compact foldable chairs, pack and go easily. It was not sturdy enough as it swings when sitting on a flat sturdy surface. It is cool with a raised back. I wish the metal materials could be made stronger.
Easy to install. Only holds 5 rods, I wish it was made for more. I used suction cups to attach it to the rear windows. Works well so far.
This table has paid for itself many times over! With regular use it has relieved my lower back pain and if I do have a flare-up it is the first place I go to address the issue. It is fairly easy to assemble.
The product was as said. I had an issue with the top of my sleeve continuing to roll down and I had gotten the largest size. The seller was very understanding. Sometimes, what works for some, may not work for others. Thank you.
Works fine, but no Zippo. These are cool but may come rusty with scratches as mine did. Rust was only on the inside and they Do work but the finish is what you paid for so keep that in mind.
Very easy to put on and take off. I ordered brown and grey. Grey color is weird but not bad. I love the brown that looks like leather.
Great protective case. Only thing I dislike about it is when I try to record a video my sound quality is terrible from my phone being inside the case.
Helps my arthritic hands
they fulfill the task
Well made replacement bands
Nice piece of equipment. Works well.
These were a bit smaller than I realized, but that probably makes them easier to use. Great addition to our outdoor game collection!
Comes off trampoline easy but still good for what's it for
Fits great, looks great however it would appear that I'm having a reaction to the metal clasp, which means it has nickel in it. Because this is such a common allergy I wish that the listing noted it, as I can not longer wear it.
Lots of pockets for gels, keys. The main phone pocket does fit my IPhone XS Max but it's a tight squeeze with a case on it. Could be a little bigger for the big phones. Easy to adjust and built in bungees to secure your racing numbers. They have everything you could think of. I'm a guy and the flip belt doesn't fit my style. This worked great
These gloves give the best wrist support of any I've used in my weight workouts over the years! I highly recommend them to anyone with weight training as a part of their routine fitness, especially if you have wrist issues as I was experiencing when I bought them! To the developers of this product! GOOD JOB !!!!!!!!!!
Cheap bag and lots of compartments for all your little goodies to carry along for day trips and/or little hikes along the country road. Overall, my dad thought it was pretty good considering the price.
They arrived on time. Packaged well. Correct weight. Nice colors.
My brother and stepson like them.
Great knife that I do love. The only issue I have with it would be the pocket clip is upside down from most knives, this leads to having to fiddle around with it before opening. Otherwise a great sturdy knife!
I like them fine they are light weight and not so hot to wear. The only problem I'm having with them is that the top part keeps rolling down,
I didn't want to make a large investment in secure storage and this met the need.
I can never get a comfortable hang, but that is just me. Seems durable and well organized. Perfect day bag for short hikes, park visits, etc Plenty of room for water, small first aid, kit, snack bars, etc.
Had to return for a size 4. Size 5 like a 6 or 7. Otherwise love design, style and colors. Very comfortable to wear and stackable.
its not fancy and is ok to use
Works great when using barbell, Kettlebell, or dumbbells. It is also great on pullup bars as well which is great being that at our gym we might use all of these things in one workout.
It counts accurately great option with or without sound easy to use
Bought this product for my 7 year old and 5 year old.... and exactly what we are looking for. They have been using them for a month now. Comfortable fit and vibrant colors.
I liked and practiced with it so much, I decided to test it at Hunting camp. After taking the heads and legs of of 5 deer it was nicked and had some bends. it cut thru three heads with one swing each. then my swing got lazy and I had to hack at it a couple times to decapitate. But the sword held up well under true meat and bone battle field conditions, then it resharpened and straightened back up nicely. so I bought a second one to keep in perfect and ready condition, while I work the first one to death, a great value and soon to be on a list of banned assault blades.
I don't know about 4 more yards, but I like the tee
Used for golfers elbow. It gives me the relief I was looking for.
Expected more from a tops, imperfections on the handle and didnt even come in a box
So affordable, eco-friendly, and reusable! Only thing is that I wish it came with a cleaner because it is hard to clean.
Looks good hope i never have to use.
I really like this watch. I can read the time without my glasses. It is waterproof. The only thing I wish it had was the date instead of the weather. It has a very slim look. More suited for a female.
These hats are cute and they really keep their hair dry.
Good compression but thumb hole is way too tight! Slept with mine on and woke up with a bruise around my thumb. Size up from what the chart says.
Comfy fit, works good with controlling sweat from eyes. Able so wash and dry on delicate with workout attire.
It works well until a couple of pegs went missing after a few uses. Need to remember to tighten the screws once in a while.
Very pleased with the purchase and the quality of the item was even better than I thought it would be.
Great quality and I love them. But waaaaay longer than 10”
I really like this helps when working on something in the car at night or if you need just a little more light.
Love the bottle overall, however if water is in there for more then a day it has a weird taste.
Solid product, good quality, no issues, would love to have handles as this are heavy and it's a bit difficult to handle them around but I have been using them and they are great on the bar.
Nice bottle but the infuser top got too tight when one would try to open it to put infuser ingredients or for cleaning and every time it is a struggle.
zipper looked a little discolored/greenish and it's not fully black. still loved it
This was my first micro flashlight to replace using a headlamp on backpacking trips, thanks to a few reviews from some long-distance thru-hikers who provide gear reviews that I trust. I really like this light and its 3 settings, especially the lowest setting which is the only intensity I use when around camp. The medium setting is plenty sufficient to night hike with while still saving a little bit of battery life compared to the high setting. As little as I use a light at camp, this seemed like the perfect solution. The flashlight body is built well and the button on the rear of the light has a very solid action. On the first press, the light turns on in the medium intensity setting. You then double-click the button to cycle through to the high and then the low setting. I would prefer that it always comes on in the lowest setting first, as it's what I use the most because it's so battery-efficient while being enough light to see around camp. My main reason for removing a star is because of the clip. It fits well in the forward-facing position that it arrives in, but I bought this light to clip it to the bill of my hiking hat en lieu of a headlamp. When the clip is turned around, it doesn't seat as well and I have to be careful when clipping it to my hat so it doesn't fall off of the light. Minor issue that can be solved by either being careful or by securing it with a small amount of epoxy. Overall I really like this light as a replacement to using a headlamp. If you're very efficient with your light usage, a single AAA will last for a few nights worth of light use. I still carry a spare AAA battery in my kit though, just in case. This flashlight, combined with an AAA battery inside and a spare battery, still weighs an ounce less than my headlamp did. While my headlamp could last up to 12 hours on high setting, it was just overkill for me.
This thing is rugged and works well. I do wish that it came with bolts and wingnuts for mounting but I get that they can't know the thickness of what you're mounting it too, but a good guess would have been real nice.
It's good actually just not as tight as I thought. I'm not a big lady at all but when I pull it up I kept hearing the torn sound
Great for normal sized footballs. Not great for Youth sports balls.
this works great on my AR, easy to install
I bought these for my gym because my heavy lifting guys seemed to prefer the soft spongy grip (go figure!) of my resistance band handles and they are certainly not going to hold up to cable machine abuse. These handles lasted fairly well, but the soft foam grip just isn't holding up. The strap part is holding up surprisingly well, though, better than the Bodylastics handles I also purchased.
Fit as expected. Unexpectedly heavy. In a good way.
Works great. Slightly difficult to get on.
Good for a most part but does isn't stainless if it's starting to rust like mine has
A nice thing to have if you want to get better at setting
Great but faded quickly
It works great. does what its suppose to do.
This is the budget priced version of a good knife. It does the trick and offers good value. I use it to cut steaks from large cuts of beef, pork, etc. it's well balanced, has a good shape and cuts through large portions of meat easily and quickly.
it is a nice pack ..... i liked it a lot
Great quality, was actually surprised how durable it is! I've had trouble in the past with fitbit bands falling off or being uncomfortable, this one was nice and comfy to wear. Interface is pretty nice and the app worked fairly well for me. This is a great low budget option for a fitness tracker / watch.
You know they get the job done the only reason it's 4 stars and not 5 was because I had to bend at certain angles to get the measurement correct and that I didn't step on the little slider. Other than that, it's a good fit and does it's job.
Great dartboard! It was delivered as pictured and good quality. Ready to hang and use. We wish it had a backboard inside of the cabinet so the darts can stick when you miss the board.(..oops!) Other than that, this is great product.
Add weight but works
Nice glasses. They technically float but not very well. Only the ear pieces actually stick up above the water. Good for pools or very clear/calm water.
I love these pants! Only issue I had with them was they were a bit too big. Otherwise they're great!
Good fins but I often get cramps while wearing them.
Arrived quickly and is working well. So much faster than having to use my computer.
The quality of the print on the bottle does seem a little on the cheap side. Like a decal that was shrink wrapped on. But it has been super helpful for me keeping track of my water intake. And the weekly, fruit stickers are really cute. The lid stays on nice, no leaking. Definitely want to stick w hand washing this cause I have a feeling the dishwasher would destroy it.
lifesaver, work's great. I would have given it five stars, but I have a longer torso and would have preferred it to be a little longer. I am a very active person and have multiple herniated discs and it definitely helps!!
I liked the watch, but the band is too thick to ware everyday. Will have to ware camping, great value.
Item serves its purpose of carrying large amount of water. I stopped using it primarily because I wish it had a spout, and it's kind of hard to hold that large bottle and drink out of it. It also makes water have this plastic-like taste to it. Other than that it's nice and sleek, serves its purpose.
These are awesome! My only complaint is my husband has short fingers and these are wide for those stubby fingers. But that is not the sellers fault. This product was just what I ordered and it was delivered early. I will use this seller again! :)
I wasn't expecting to like these darts since they came in a 12 pack but I really do. One of the 12 barrels is different than all the others for some reason? But, at the end of the day they fly pretty well.
Very good hat. The class on the back does not let you wear it backwards comfortably but overall good quality hat
I like the design and construction of this pole. Unfortunately, The pole got between a cleat and a spar and bent - it doesn't handle lateral pressure that well. Now the top shaft is no longer collapsible, but I can still use it.
Haven't used it yet but deff worth the money wasn't expecting it to be the size it was tho
Very nice just what I needed
It's what I was looking
It is a good workout top. Feels great. The neck is a little weird and loose though. It kind of hangs a bit.
I ordered these Rain Ponchos for our Travel Patrol of 10 to use on our trip to Europe. They sure came in handy! It rained on us 15 out of the 18 days we were travelling. The poncho were plenty big enough to cover us and our backpacks. We all used them frequently and were able to throw them away before we boarded the plane for home!
I like the style and fit. It looks good buttoned or unbuttoned and it is made with good quality. I bought two.
good solid product not 100 satisfied as the split ring part works on larger split rings for more saltwater size baits verses smaller fresh water baits
Good enough if you are buying it for your children! I would recommend it for a child btw 5 and 12 yrs old. Easy to assemble, but I would secured with a cord to ensure it is no taken by a strong wind.
I've read all these reviews. I am a shorter male with a larger than wanted mid section. I saw this product and used the size chart. The product works great and fits exactly the way it says it would. My first impression is fantastic.
very strong, use in moderation
It fit well enough and keeps your face and head warm. It really fogs up your glasses, recommend not buying if you wear glasses like I do as you cannot see anything and have to remove it. It also lacks the versatility like some others of wearing it in different positions
Would have given all five stars if it came with a longer flat sided punch for the bolt carrier release. Is a great set other wise
Easy to assemble and sturdy, light enough to pick up and move, and the speakers sound great. However, this chair is far from comfortable. you sink into the chair for lack of cushion, and you can feel the front board in the chair on the back of your legs. Also, the curve at the lumbar portion of the chair arcs your back and causes pain after a short time. Recommend extra padding/lumbar support if you get this chair.
feels comfortable seems to help a torn meniscus.
Not that comfortable, but this is my first pair of cycling shoes so I don't have anything to compare them to. The top of the shoe near my ankle digs into the front part of my ankle. Might just be due to my foot shape though. Placement of SPD spikes is not as adjustable as it should be.
Good protector for watch piece. Wasn't a fan of the band though. Runs small
Been using this putter for several months now. My putting has definitely improved and I don't play enough to warrant it. Holds up well to the elements, just treat it with respect.
Few tight sleeves that cant be used without warping card.
Big enough for our daily usage, and looking good at the same time. However, it could be too big for some people to use on a daily bases
So far it seems to be a great reel. I've only had it for a couple of weeks now so we'll see how it stands up in the long run but so far I think for the price point it is a very good reel.
Fits most binoculars well. I like that it is padded. My complaint is that it only comes in two colors (OD and blk) and I really needed multicam. I purchased OD but it stands out on my chest rig. I will need to paint it to blend in.
Bought these for my 14 yr old son, he has swim at school this yr and I would not let him in that pool without good goggles. these are the first goggles we find that fit him well. the wraparound lens seals great and the polarized tint works without making things dim. the double strap keeps them in place and he thinks the ultrasoft bag is great for keeping them protected
I really liked this cover and band. However, the case when I use it with my charger stand, prevents the watch from maintaining a connection with the charger. So, I just use the band. Since my watch is the rose it doesn't look bad.
I like this stuff. Works as a cleaner and an oil. Doesn't smell bad. Overall, I'd recommend, and would buy again if called upon.
Very durable and comfort band. I like how it looks.
I have two Muse headbands and for someone who has a hard time with mindfulness, this is a very pleasant experience. I appreciate the ability to get immediate feedback on my current mental state and have made significant progress in my ability to calm my monkey mind. Not thinking about anything is REALLY hard! Muse is a really solid device and I would recommend it to anyone.
I like that on an unfamiliar coarse I can get correct distances.
Exactly what we needed
Feels the same as the real
FITS MY XDS WELL IT IS A LITTE LOOSER THAN I LIKE GREAT IN SIDE THE WAIST HOLSTER
The picture shows a lower neck tank top. What I received is more like crew neck, which I will not be able to wear with most of my tops, especially in summer. I usually wear an XL but ordered an XXL; glad I did because it is snug especially if you are larger chested. Have not yet had an opportunity to use the shirt, but I a sure I will like it.
Honestly I wasn't too sure about purchasing these gloves to begin with, but I have them a shot. They are somewhat uncomfortable imo. The past between index finger and thumb digs in a little bit, so that's not good. Also they seem to fit a little tight. I wear an XL in every other glove I've tried on, but these seem to fit too tight. I kind of have to wrestle them off when I'm done working out. Otherwise I can say that they've held up pretty well this first week, but we'll see as time goes on.
Really like these. Great compression. Nice & warm for cooler weather. My only complaint is that after a short time they leave marks from the threads of the pattern on your legs.
I like that you are not tearing your pants or belt apart
I loved this!!! Looks almost identically to my apple brand one. Only thing is I didn't notice that they are slightly not the same color one is a little darker baby pink but I think it looks cool!
Great product, and fast delivery. Fits great on my 590 Shockwave
Everything I needed. Fit my tablet perfectly with room for anything else I need. Only gripe I have is that the large buckle is in a bad spot for me and rubs along my shoulder or collarbone depending on how tight I make the strap
Work as intended. But, you actually have to work at using them.
This works well with my Taurus G2 Mil Pro. Have to wait to see if it holds up. I'm going to leave the batteries in to see how quickly they drain if just left in
Very satisfied. I carry a Taurus .40 and it fits like a glove. There are two things I don't like. One is that the paddle is very tight. It's difficult to slip it over a belt, and practically impossible to slide over a belt loop. It IS easier to put the holster on when the gun isn't in it. I have gotten in the habit, though, of putting the holster on before I pull my pants up. The other thing is that a few times now, the screw has come loose. When that happens, the gun tends to spin down and the barrel points up. I put some locktite on it, I don't think it will happen again.
I like the band but I do have trouble getting it closed and to keep it closed. I can't seem to push both pins in
This set has everything you need for a solid volleyball court but setup was not any easier than other, less expensive, sets available.
Fuzz from clothes tend to cling to it
Very good in pretty much all lighting situations. Good sight picture. I just wish the edges were more rounded. While giving a sharper edge profile against lighter targets, it drags a bit on the holster.
I loaded it on a new spinning reel and it spooled up as I expected. Braid that is strong and casts well.
These are the most comfortable pants. I am 5'3 and the length is just to my ankles.
A little tight in the waist
Can't use them for running (wear knee braces with more support) but OK for walking and golf. Don't look as dorky in shorts as my heavy duty ones
It definitely amplifies sound. A great price.
very comfortable for her and easy to move about
these are great targets for learning my wife has increased her accuracy very well thanks to these and the life size factor is also very helpful
Having a hair bristle brush for woods (rarely used) and steel bristles for irons (used frequently) makes sense. The spike groove cleaner is supplied with a plastic cover which went missing during the first round so I broke it off as the spike was dangerous. I use a separate steel groove cleaner (which also came with a cover that disappeared!) so the 2 tools work fine together. I doubt that the cleaner will last more than a couple of years but that is to be expected at the price.
Tackle box is well made, decent hook. Weights and one bobber small, really the best thing here is the tackle box...
Great football for kids.
Fast shipping worked good
these are great! the only problem is that they are hard to see when you are in the woods
Works and fits as expected
I love the fact that this stepper is built like the early-model steppers, with a pulley that draws up one pedal while you're stepping down on the other. It makes for a much smoother motion. My only complaint about this model is that it isn't anywhere near as heavy-duty or durable as one that would cost more. I looked about for someplace where I could buy spare parts, because the moving parts on this model are sure to wear out after so much use, but I couldn't find them anywhere. It's a great stepper for the price, but I wish I could get one that will last longer.
I don't usually like assembling anything. I put this together in 5 minutes. The kids loved it!
Nice gloves, the touch screen tips could've been rounded around the fingers that way they'd be more useful. no one uses their whole finger pad to use a touch screen, especially a cell phone.
This one works well.
bought this for a friend and they like it ..
Bands are super cute and fashionable but they snag on clothing and are magnetic.
Love, love, love this band. It makes my watch look so professional when I'm at work and just nice when I'm dressed down. The only down side was it was kind of hard to remove the links.
Nice color, heavier than a regular compact umbrella. Opens and closes as advertised. I have not used in the wind yet,
My only complaint is I thought it was going to be bigger. It's the size of a normal backpack.
Comfortable and good fit. I use the right hand glove mainly while playing golf and find it more comfortable than wearing second golf glove. I would prefer a glove without camouflage finish but other wise happy with purchase.
If you prefer a leather band over a plastic band, this is a good one. It looks very nice on a small wrist and is very comfortable.
This is a great exercise to improve concentrate on different stepping patterns while on the mat.
The air pump is cheaply designed and difficult to use; otherwise this is a great exercise ball
For several years I used a air resistance trainer on my road bike. Although this bike does not replicate the feel of the road, it takes up 1/2 the space of my road bike with trainer. It is amazingly quiet and gives a great work out. Best of all both my wife and I can uses it with only 1 quick adjustment. Great deal!!
Well made glove with a good fit. Worth the cost.
I would have given 4.5 stars if the setting instructions where a bit easier to follow. the product it self is solid and once configuration is mastered it is a great scale for the price. also very quick shipping.
great case but cards are hard to get in and out.
Works as advertised! No more accidentally washing my fitbit because it's clipped to my workout clothes. Pattern started wearing off on edges after a few weeks of use, but it is overall looks good and is very secure and comfortable to wear.
The plastic trays warped but the unit itself is great.
I wear Sitka pants with suspenders with no belt. Would be really nice to have a good clip on the knife so I could actually wear it.
I love it. It makes the fit bit look more designer. I like that it is easy to take off and put on. Arrived when said. Thank you.
Purchased a set and only had one break so far. Will keep updating this if things get worse.
Not a tight fit to the frame. Look good.
Not the best of craftsmanship. Had irregularity to where I had to exchange for a slightly better replacement. I needed it for my holiday and ran out of time to exchange again. Probably not the best quality for price paid.
Overall decent goggles. I got the blue lenses which are very dark. The only issue is you have to have them perfectly in place or they will leak.
Works well but the instructions are not clear
I bought this for my jewelry making supplies. You have to be careful opening and closing the tiers to make sure they go straight. The open tiers are heavy enough without anything in them to knock over the box. I have to prop them up on something. There aren't enough little compartments for my charms. It does hold up with weight in it. It came with fishing equipment that I gave to my husband. I think it makes a much better tackle box than what I wanted it for. The latch holds. There is plenty of space below the tiers to put things.
I like the fact that there's Velcro to keep the covers secure, but I don't know how long it will last.
The sample design of 6 pairs ensure they will slot effortlessly into my life. It hides in my shoes and makes me feel comfortable. It is also suitable for my oxfords and sport shoes. And I wouldn't worry the socks would slide down my feet. Actually, I don't want to change it into other styles since I put on this socks.
Held up initially, but I can tell the Velcro that wraps around my bike frame is starting to wear out. Every now and then the cartridge falls off if I hit a speed bump a bit too hard.
Does what is advertised to do as long as you know how to use it. Way too big to take in a gym bag, it's very clunky and takes up way too much space. Cute design though.
Once I tried to wear this, the pins would not stay and it kept falling off. Not sure why I cannot get it to properly attach. I have no issue with other bands. After quite a while the complete install took lots of patience but the pins finally stayed in and then the adjustment took about 20 more minutes. I wanted to update the review to reflect the new information but beware. this one is a bit of a trick to remove and replace if you want to switch out in a hurry.
Bought this for my 6yr old who has very long hair (down to her hips). Only the hair around the edge of the cap gets slightly wet. The rest of her hair stays dry.
Nice product. I suggest ordering a size up.
It was easy to put together and is smooth riding
I only wish they sent a hand pump with it (minus one star). Luckily I have an air pump and the fitting. But it came fast and it's a good ball
Good deal- I' keep a set in the car in case some intolerant liberal decides they want to punch me. Now, I'm ready!
for a pair to wear at the river...I'm not sure they would hold up well at a concrete pool. the fabric seems easy to snag.
Excellent product, it is really great for the price, I like it very much
Nice gloves. I like the tans that help me pull them off. Reasonably priced.
Pretty good quality! Use them for leg workouts.
I really love this cup, it seals and does not leak, it keeps hot hot and cold cold. I like that I can throw it in my bag without fear of it spilling. The only thing I don't like about it is that the opening at the top is so narrow that I can't get my hand in it to wash it. I have to wash it with a bottle brush which is inconvenient.
It works fine on salt water. Just make sure you test how far you can go on the ocean because you will need power to come back. Don't make the mistake I made after $40 minutes my old battery was dead and had to paddled all the way back. I was riding the index 5 challenger, with 2 adults.
These are fantastic goggles! My favorite things about them is how easily they adjust, & that the clip in the back so I don't have to slide them over my face to get them on. The only drawback that I've found, is that they do fog up on me after about a half mile of swimming, otherwise they're my favorite make of goggle.
Arrived as pictured an expected. All plastic but heavier then expected. I would recommend this.
Had to develop my own exercises but other than that it is nice.
Great slippers just what I was looking for for my fiancé for Christmas
Good quality. I will buy again.
I have been searching for good compression shorts to replace my worn BIKE brand. These provide very similar support and are actually more comfortable. I wear them for pickleball, and have worn them for a full day without any issues.
It really works money well spend
Holds Stinger DS LED nicely. Can be difficult to draw the light because of the rubber grip. I prefer this over the giant oversized holders.
Nice gift for my son-in-law. Has not tried them out yet. Fit him well.
Fit a little to the loose side for me but feels super nice
Gloves look and feel great, but have not used them. The medium was so big I gave them to my husband. Description says for men and women. Not true.
Good visibility, fits great
This are the perfect size for trigger massage yoga for my back pain.
This is a great discus for the price.
This is a GREAT belt! I love everything about it and am really enjoying wearing it everyday. Really excellent quality. A+++
Great for the price, can't beat it.
Extreamly comfortable material, very soft and form fitting. Doesnt even feel like its there
Excellent- good support for injuries.
Recently bought three sets of these laces in different colors. Have replaced all of the tie laces in my sneakers with these and am very happy. They were easy to use and have eliminated that feeling of your shoes tightening as your feet swell throughout the day. Plus they make putting your shoes on and off so much easier. Of course they frayed after cutting them, but that is no big deal as they ends are entrapped in the end closure. Good bargain that this price.
They advertise that you can roll the hat---and you can!
Very thick coated metal, easy assembly. Will definitely buy again if needed.
This water bottle is exactly what I had been searching for. It's lightweight, and it's easy for me to take everywhere. It does not leak at all. I absolutely love this bottle!
Good quality classes, bought them for my girlfriend. She loves them, the only complaint is the tint is lighter so don't expect high sun deflection.
We bought these for a family trip to Lake Powell where summer daytime temperatures are regularly over 100. These cooling towels worked great to provide cooling relief from the heat. The multi-pack with 6 colors was great because everyone in my family got one and we could keep them straight. Highly recommended!
love the bands--will will order more colors-easy to install as well
it's amazing. this is my first time to use banding tapes like this, I am so lucky to find it works well for me. the tape really help to protect he joint tissue and relieve pains. and it lasts very long. I will definitely buy more.
This works great. I love the comfort of the band, it fits just right. It has been keeping me in track getting my daily steps in. I am shocked how much I wake up with the sleep app.. very enlightening
Just what I needed to sharpen my Arrow Broadheads.
I have been looking for a low price smart watch, and I finally found one. It not only tracks fitness, and heart rate, but it notifies me when I have a call or text. Something that not all of the fitness watches do..
The perfect backpack for me. Allows me to carry a change of clothes,tablet and my laptop to and from work. I've also used it as a camera backpack.
Works great as long as you dont submerge.... Great product
I do not plan on using any other broad head until I cannot purchase these! They haven't let me down yet.
Ring is big, beautiful and of good quality.
Used this while hiking and absolutely loved it. Very comfortable and easy to use. Held my phone, keys and two water bottles with plenty of space to spare. Material is a good quality and seems very durable. Would recommend to a friend.
In my training program, resistance bands are often used not only for exercise, but also as part of the warm-up and relaxation stages, as well as for stretching and active work.
I was concerned that this might not fit my hubby's bow. I reached out via message and got the help I needed to give a surprise gift that actually made my guy happy!
These feel great! I was hoping the cut was lower, but they'll be fine with long pants.
Bigger than i expected. Great gift
Nice quality well built. The gate mouth works well push it open and it stays open.
The ball comes not inflated, and when you first inflate it, it looks lopsided, since it was packed for a while. After a bit of time, it looks perfectly round. Works great!
Product as described. Fast shipping.
This backpack will hold it all! Ruger 9mm, Taurus Judge, S&W Shield 9mm, Glock 40 and S&W 38 revolver. Held all the ammo I needed for a one hour session at the range. Padded all around, plenty of pockets for mags, loaders, whatever. Just had it a little over a week and it seems like will hold up well!
Obsessed, great quality and stylish
Perfect for lifting and dumb bells. Really helped avoid calluses from the metal bar.
Good quality, looks great!
Was able to pack in blind, gun, chairs and decoys. Perfect for me to take my 2 young boys Turkey hunting
Great for walking. A little on the small side but my iPhone XR fits snug and it works. Great magnets.
Great bag! Fiancé loves it for using at the gym for lifting gear. Small and compact to carry around easily in gym
The quality is good and very sturdy so it can shape the body well.Totally worth it
My husband loved these! Great value for the price! Came with a cute little bag for the rings too.
Very nice and bright color, very firm and sturdy, easy to travel with. It has everything going for it.
Love these! They really add to my workout and challenge new muscles.
Easy and lot of fun..
LIKE I SAID IT SQUEEZES FOR GOOD EXCERCISE COMFORTABLE TO HOLD-- NOT TO BIG AND NOT TO SMALL--NOT TO SOFT --NOT TO HARD. I WOULD PURCHASE ANOTHER.
Great spotting scope for the price. Works very well
Is a very well stocked kit The entire kit will serve all my needs
This has become my new every day belt. It is extremely comfortable due to how adjustable it is, and it actually supports the weight of my sidearm and holster without sagging.
My son had a good time snorkeling with this. It did not fog up on his which I read was a concern in relation to Co2.
Over the years I've used the Dillon one as well as Lyman (which is same as RCBS) and the Hornady media separator is hands down the best of them all. It's appears to be made of high quality polycarbonate and not the usual cheap/soft injection moulding plastic. The parts fit and lock into position without any latches/snaps that can (and do) break. Last but not least, it's compact and thus easy to use in a utility sink or a bathtub. They even include a mesh screen that slips over one of the baskets and thus allows you to strain & retrieve all your stainless steel pins easily. Hornady really thought this through and built a quality product, so if you're wet tumbling, this is definitely the media separator to get.
I love the watch band. It is comfortable to wear and easy to adjust. Great product. I did not use the screen protector because I already have a Bodyguardz.
I am a senior and don't get the exercise I know I need. This has helped me so much with the circulation in my legs and given me muscle that I haven't had in years. I love it because I can sit in front of the tv or while on my computer. I usually use about 30 min every time and I love it.
Husband was very happy
Had surgery recently and I learned some of the PT exercises. It meets the same standards as the ones provided at the gym.
My daughter bought this for her art project. So the size wasnt important but i would say this is meant for kids under 8
Love these! Soft and stay where you want the to throughout the day
If you're skeptical because of the price, don't be this thing is awesome. Burned through 8 boards at half inch really quick, no more jigsaw.
This fitted leatherette Pool Table cover fits my pool table perfect. Looks nice and heavy duty. Love it.
Very impressed! Was nervous but it looks way more expensive then it really is. The engraving were perfec. It's an awesome knife, my boyfriend loves it! Fast shipping too!
I am a Nurse and I bought these sox for work, they are soft and great for circulation, I love them.
Sliders work great on carpet or my non-carpeted areas too!
Well made goes together tight with no wobbling and feels good in the hand.
When I received it, just looking at it I thought I might return it. Reason - on my first few tries , the grips on my nose started hurting and that concerned me. Primary reason for me buying this was the fact that I needed it for a cycling event. Decided to give it one more try and boy I was glad I did not return. Did a 62 mile bicycle ride in rainy and windy conditions. These hold good on the eyes, no moisture accumulation and not once they fell off or were loose. What I like the most was the extra rubber on the top of the frame which prevented wind and water from seeping through the top of the sunglasses. Worth the buy
LOVE IT! The original watch band was giving me a rash which is why I went looking for a different one! After reading the review I thought I would try and I'm so happy I did... no more rash, very comfortable and love the color! I will be buying more! I would give this more stars if I could!
The color matched the Apple Watch band with screen protector. It looks very beautiful to wearing. I love it !
Just the right size for cleaning my AR. The assembly guide on the pad isn't necessary for me, but it looks pretty cool.
It is nice lunch bag, it's a medium size. Such a cute bag.
is for yoga. it works.
The product was just as described. Good quality for the price.
Light, easy to fold and carry and thick!
Fast delivery. Exactly what I wanted. Fits nice and comfortable.
It is a quality product that is easy to use.
Great price! They fit great and are very comfortable and look good too!!
Fits great button snaps very positively
After many seasons of basketball, football and marching band, I finally treated myself! I'm a much happier fan because now I'm a much more comfortable fan!
The bands work great and I like the different colors which make the Fitbit more versatile. I wear my Fitbit all the time so I am able to change the band to coordinate with what I am wearing. Great price and made very well. I have had mine for about 2 months now and have had no problems. Received the item in a timely manner!!
Very good for people with lots of hair . Was able to put up a bun and the cap still worked
I bought this knife December 2018 and has been great thus far. The only downside is that the clip used to attached the knife to a pocket or belt is held by 3 small screws. With time and the weight of the knife one of the screws stripped and no longer held the clip in place. I remedied this issue with a drop of gorilla glue. Now it doesnt move and holds the clip and the knife in place.
Works like it is suppose to.
That I used for several days and they worked quite well but these headphones are vastly superior. The amount of volume control on these is very precise as opposed to other products. They are vastly more well built as well. The ear pieces are slim enough to accomodate all but the thickest rifle gun stocks. The clarity of voices that can be heard is terrific given the ability to suppress loud gun reports. Buy with confidence, these really work well!
Very nice watch band. The color wasn't as quite as light as it appeared to be in the photo, but overall I'm happy for the price I paid. Feels like a good quality.
These wedges are every bit as good as one's you would pay $$$$ for
Exactly as described. Small and modular. Fits easily in a locker or bag. Dual action pump works fast. Easily pumped up my new soccer ball.
I was super nervous about buying this. This tracker has been amazing so far! Tracks my sleep ! My steps! My pulse! I absolutely love it. And I can read my messages as well. Will definitely recommend this to my friends and family. It doesn't come with a charger is the only downside. But buy yourself a usb plug charger.
BPA free water bottle that has a build in handle, with marks to indicate and encourage you to drink water throughout the day, and comes in a multitude of colors- couldnt ask for anything more.
This bag is awesome...perfect for what I need day to day and would be a GREAT bug out bag 2nd option because you can carry it up front while carrying a bigger backpack if needed. Lots of options for add-ons also. Thoroughly impressed. Thanks Red Rock!!!
I love this beanie! The quality and sound are top notch. Bonus, it's nice and soft as well.
They are great fast shipping.
Easy to use simply wet, wring it out and it helps to cool.I like these.I wear it around my neck every time I work outside. Sometimes when it's hot outside, I wear it on my head in case of direct sunlight.
I love how the table feels with this on it!
What a great watchband. It's not only stylish and beautiful, it's really easy to fit to desired size and install on the Apple Watch. And my wife LOVES it!
These are very comfy and warm they are great for the money.
Delivered fast & exactly as described!!
Best BJJ gi I have, love it! I'll definitely be buying more from Fuji.
Exactly what I ordered
Incredible. Simply incredible the amount of "O.G. - ness" this rubber bumper back stop thing added to my homemade craps table. I love it
Well built, comfortable. Bought one to try out and ended up buying another one for another rifle.
Would be nice if you would ship to Ca
Great value for this bag. I can take my rifle, shotgun, and handgun with extra items for range day in this bag. I highly recommend.
Fits and looks sleek. The extension should fit angled grip and small light.
I like the look of this fan pull. I had to add another beaded extension because I needed to reach it easier. It's a nice design.
Definitely worth the money. Makes it easy to carry your hydro!
I love it. It does everything I need it to do even screen my calls and text messages. Customer service is awesome sauce. I lost my charger and I emailed them and they sent me another one. I really appreciated it.
With only a couple of swims under my belt, there is a marked improvement in leakage and fogging. Comfortable on my eye socket/face and the goggles come with additional nose pieces. Product is 'hair friendly' and attractive. It took me a while to figure out the straps, but I 'get it now' and like them.
It was perfect!!!! No complaints!!!
Love my handle. Makes my favorite water bottle versatile and looks good too.
Great knife for the price. Perfect EDC fixed blade. Knife guys know 2 is 1, and 1 is none. So in addition to my utilitarian folder, this is it's fixed blade partner. It holds a nice edge, sheath could be better, but it works fine. I horizontal cross draw carry, and it fits right on my belt perfectly. I din't want a large fixed blade, as it becomes cumbersome and weighty. I try out different blades all the time, and so far this is the knife I keep coming back to. I modded the scales a little for a better grip, but I would definitely recommend this knife.
I'm new to the game yet but seems every bit as good as more expensive paddles I had borrowed before deciding to buy one. Excellent follow up and customer service by seller also.
Thank God for the support. I rolled my ankle two years ago. Sometimes I need a little support when my ankle aches. Works beautifully. I wish there were neutral and solid black colors.
I bought these for my husband who has a very active job and life, and he loves them!
This slingshot look great and the presentation is also good, very solid, good range. The magnets on the arm rest to hold extra ammo are a good idea. Overall a very good product.
If you love poker, you need to love the squirrel nuts on this thing. Use this just about everywhere, and it's a solid guard cover.
Very nice, great quality, I gave as a gift! He loved it!
This is one of those products you slap your forehead thinking "Why didn't I think of that!" With a lanyard tie-down you never need to worry losing it and if it is knocked over by a low hanging obstacle, it springs right back up. With the white LED's on the end of the mast it offers superior visibility over deck mounted lights. It's well built & ingenious!
Solid... feels great in your hand. One hand action works well.
I love it. It folds up and doesn't take up much space. Literally the best $ spent if you prefer to run at home. I recently injured my ankle rock climbing and I can't run outside just yet so this is perfect for me to walk on for hours. Yes hours. My doc said no running on pavement or rock climbing, so now burn calories by walking. I do run a little on the machine until my ankle starts to hurt. It is a simple and easy machine and so small when it folds up I put it in my closet and it takes up only 6 inches of rack space.
Excellent product, as described, would recommend.
Definitely does the job! and the bag is a lot bigger than it looks.
Took a long time to get here but it's worth it. Love the purchase
They are wonderful, such a simple solution for a constant problem, thank you.
Worked fine . Pre drilled hole and screwed it right in.
I really like my new Versa band. It's colorful, durable and easy to put on with one hand. It's soft silicone, works great when washing dishes, sweating doing yard work or kayaking. No staining of the inside of the wristband, it's white in color.
I didn't have a bottom rail on my rifle so I needed to go get a bipod mount. After that it was easy. Would be nice if it had the option to get a rail mount piece or a bipod mount piece through the order. But I love them, they are strong and easy to put on and use.
Really impressed with the size and quality of this bag. I use it at the beach, for fishing, and going out in the ocean on many different sports, canoeing, kayaking etc.
Love this trampoline. It is definitely quiet. And it is indeed solid. And the jumping surface is big enough.I absolutely LOVE this rebounding workout! It's definitely my NEW favorite!
Wow ,my kid very like animal yoga mat ,comfort good,easy to clean .color so nice ,quality so good .slip resistance surface ,foldable and lightweight . One day ,We are take it go to park ,guys come and see my kid do yoga, we finish , guys ask my kid ,where's buy yoga mat ? my kid say loud "my mom ,amazon on line buy this to me ". Some people laughed .
I like the bag. It is compact and can hold the essentials. I use it daily as sort of a EDC lite bag.
I have osteo arthritis and torn meniscus in both knees and bought these to wear daily just to give me some support and warmth during the day. They have actually surpassed my expectations and have calmed my knee pain considerably. Doing things like walking up and down stairs are now bearable and I no longer appear to be an 80 year old man. They are comfortable to wear all day and I actually forget they are on. I am not for a minute suggesting they have cured me of all my ills, but they have made a huge difference in my day to day activities. I have even been able to return to boxing training (with some modified activities). This is a minor miracle thinking back to the pain my knees were generating when trying to train at any level. I will be ordering more pairs just in case they disappear from the market.
This watch looks nice and is very durable. It has a lot of good features. Not only tells you how many steps and miles you walked also records it on your phone how many calories you burn love it!
I am so excited to get this sweat vest! Fits great zips up easily. Fits and stays a lot better then a normal sweat band or waist trimmer. The smell of the material goes away as soon as you soak it in water with soap. But all and all great product.
We tried few diffrent one and this is the best of them. Breathable, and looks great.
Love it. Great support and stays in place perfectly.
These socks are just what I was looking for. Can wear casual, can wear with shorts, or can wear with business casual/dress. Works with them all, fits well is soft, and looks good.
Replaced an old stick that got dropped. It fits and works as intended.
The rifle case was good quality and the company was easy to work with
Cute design & my daughter loves it.
Can't beat em! I work as a trainer and use these all the time. Great quality for the price and they are spot on for comfort
Perfect fit, good quality, work as advertised.
It was a little bigger than i expected
My boy really happy with this ball
My second one; so far they've held up just find. This one has been in daily use for work, all the zippers continue to work just fine. A metal jug of hot coffee is often in the main pocket, but I've never felt any heat from it. So far, these and the SOG Ninja packs are a very good deal for what they cost.
Ordered 3 pack white. Company sent 3 pack black and would not allow a return. Recommend product but beware of company. Not customer friendly.
I was looking for a way to burn some calories while working at my desk, this under desk exercise bike is exactly what i need, and i did find it works great when watching TV!
Added bib and hydro pack and I love it Very durable. Of course I lost alot of surface area compared to plate carrier but that was expected. Love it all the same
I HAVE THIS INSTALLED ON MY REMINGTON 700 .308 CALIBER RIFLE AND IT WORKS GREAT WHEN DOING LONG RANGE SHOOTING. IT IS A LITTLE BULKY ON THE BOTTOM SIDE OF THE RIFLE BUT I GOT USED TO IT
Thought I lost the first one I bought, but found it after I bought a replacement. No matter. I'm glad to have two in case anything happens to it. High quality construction. Ball bearing action is very smooth. Under priced for the quality.
When I purchased the Franklin Mini Roll from Amazon, I also purchased the Under Armour Dual Action Ball Pump from Amazon. This pump worked perfectly. I used the Release Valve to experiment and adjust the pressure. I have other inflatable balls and this pump will work for all of them.
Really nice quality.
Daily use, they have 2 months and they are still working
This band is pretty awesome! I wasn't sure about the adjustable part of it but it made my gym bag lighter, now I don't have to carry 3 bands. Adjusting is kinda hard but that's a good thing because it will avoid it from loosening up while you work out. The rubber ending with logo also prevents it from sliding all the way out. I'm not sure if it was made that way on purpose but it's a good feature. All in all, I am very happy with it. I used it on Smith machine while doing leg presses laying down and during squatting. It doesn't seem that way but it adds that extra burn you want when you get used to your workouts after a while especially on inner thighs which is a difficult area for all women.
The quality of the product is very nice.
Great product and prefect fit. I actually used tweezers to apply the letters. I just made sure the letters were really soapy to make sure they came off the backing easily. Took my time and it worked well. Of course it was nice knowing if I goofed I had a backup set of letters too :)
nothing to really dislike
love this for all items I smoke. I have done sausages, burgers, brats, hot dogs, deer, salmon, cheeses, chicken, salami, bologna, summer sausage. I love the control of cold smoking with this. I know the food will not be cooked, then I can grill it, bake it, prepare food however I want without having to worry about it cooking while smoking. I like to smoke with corn cob, so I only use a one wood puck then bisque saver rings to push out the wood puck. Since it is cold smoke, I use the water bowl with no water in it as a smolder bowl for the wood or corn cobs.... when the puck drops it slowly catches those items smoldering for the desired type of smoke I want. I use the pan below the bowl then for water if needed. I am handy enough I could have easily built one of these myself but this one is handy and matches perfectly.
My wife wanted these to wear to work, instead of her real wedding band. She was always worried about losing it. The rings arrived on time and as described. My wife is happy with the durability of the rings and color choices.
These are great beanies. I have 2 and they are both pretty as well as functional. Very warm for daily walks. Not too big or small--a nice amount of slouch. Love them!!
this little guy is great. way faster getting sighted in and with fewer rounds. handy tool.
Every piece of this is high quality material. We bought it for a Halloween costume, but the shirt, shorts and socks are of such high quality, my 9 year old wears them (not always together) quite often. Very satisfied with this purchase! :)
Bought for my 97 yr old mother. She likes them for awhile, then says the material hurts her skin.
the product has a good purpose
I've bought it for my 8 years son. Now we play Laser X every evening - that's fun! (especially with no light)
Great quality. Durable.
SO MUCH SOFTER than the webbing type.
It is nicer than I thought. Very comfortable and easy off and on. With arthritis it is easy to use.
i love very confortable
This cap is lightweight, so good for sports. It dries quickly too, so it does not smell like other caps do. The material is soft too. There is a strap on the back to adjust the size.
Solid brass and works/Fits well
Look great, work great!
I gave it to my father for Christmas and he loves them the best gift I've given him so far
These rings are just beautiful. all of them!
My daughter love this yoga bag. The sequence so pretty and she got tons of attention from her classmates
My wife loves it , it tracks her heart rate through out the day and it displays on the watch and app. You could choose up to three physical activities for the watch she has walk/run/workout. Be sure to select it before starting the activity because it won't calculate the calories correctly. She worked out didn't tap on the work out and only burned 60 calories but the second time after selecting work out it registered 510 calories. Everything works well except the sleeping majority of the time it's doesn't register her sleep, probably only twice after having it for a month already Overall affordable accurate except for the sleep.
This fits perfect and firm with the Velcro, so its fully adjustable. Feels light on the legs, you get used to it after wearing it for a while. Fits my 9mm snug. The outer fabric material is smooth so it doesn't rub against your pants.
I got the band for my wife she has a smaller wrist so I got the smaller size. It's fits great and she loves it
Great for sun and rain
The best thing I've ever done for my back health. I started feeling better after the first use.
light is brite works great
My husband wears a 13 shoe and after looking at every store possible I gave these a shot (even tho my husband is a Nike guy) and these were perfect. His feet don't sweat in these and they don't show as advertised.
I have a separate dressy band for my watch, but this is perfect for everyday wear or sports. I love it & may buy another in a different color.
So far so good. I've used them once and they are a HUGE jump from the house-gloves at the gym. Seem to be well made and they are comfortable. I'll update this review if anything goes wrong.
My hair never got wet and I was able to enjoy my pool this summer!
AMAZING SHIRT. This shirt is so soft and comfortable, and amazingly warm. I've been wearing this as I bike to work in the early morning. So far I've only biked in 40 degree temps, but it's kept me nice a warm, with only a wind-breaker type coat over top. I will definitely be buying more in other colors.
Great quality shirt that is worn by my boyfriend often!
Very pleased for the price.
Little smaller then I thought but it works for what I needed
It's glass. So it's good for the environment. It's big. So you don't have to constantly refill like you would a smaller bottle. It has a carrying case. Easy to pack around. Honestly, guys, what more could you ask for from a water bottle? Do yourself a favor and buy this. Now!
Just received today.The set-up was fast and easy (didn't even need to read the instruction) If you like pain this is for you. You will definetly be sore after just 10 minutes. My legs have toned down fast from using this. My husband noticed and said I was looking good! I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. I may be submitting a follow up later.
This knife is everything you need and more. You can cut a steak, skin a rabbit, or open packages with it. I absolutely love the weight and size to it. Also, the leather holder is fantastic quality. Highly recommended for the price.
great looking hat! size is right on! built to last!! great price!!
Came quickly, was the quality I expected.
I have a bit of an odd use for this, but one that has tested its strength. I carry lots of automotive tools, including 2 breaker bars and a chain wrench in the bat section of the bag. I lug it around at the junk yard using the shoulder strap. Very heavy. It has survived many uses of weights that likely far exceed your typical use. Lots of room in accessories compartment!
I've never liked an Umbrella so much. It's light weight, compact, good looking, opens with the push of a button and has a nice large cover when in use, could easily keep 2 people dry or protected from the sun. It fit in my large coat pockets and easily into my purse. Opening and closing is easy and even after use still fits back into its bag.
arrived today easy assembly. should work great for my arthritis in leg and wonders for my husband recuperating from spine surgery to help hands and arms. 22 pounds a bit much moving from floor to table but we can handle this
Small, Sleek and great for opening boxes.
Works amazingly great!!! They truly surprised me on how well they do work.
I wasn't sure if I needed the built in light, but I can tell you that I use it all the time. I love that it's collapsible, easy to clean and leak proof.
I really like this product for pre-treating firearm internals as well as the finish.
I added some beads to the fringe its beautiful. The string to tie was not that great but I still love them on my Bike!!
So glad I bought this. I use a yoga mat most every day and this has become my favorite. It's not only beautiful, but it's thick, cushiony, and has great grip support for push-ups and yoga poses.
It keeps the deck flat and keeps the box nice longer. The best part is it's waaaay cheaper than a lot of the others.
Most comfortable band I've ever had.
This blade came sharp!! I haven't tested the glass breaker yet but it seems like itd do the trick. The seat belt cutter works, I actually had to use it!!! I love this knife and i love that its made from a company that employs veterans
Our grandson age 3 wears them daily around the house. That's how comfortable they are. Recommended
It has the perfect pressure Nice product
The colour matched the picture perfectly and the velcro holds. I will be ordering more.
I have a Vortex 1-8 Strike Eagle scope and bought this as a cheaper alternative to Vortex's cantilever mount. Since I don't own the Vortex mount, I can't attest to how this compares. I can say though that this mount as worked flawlessly. Strike Eagle mounted nicely and after several trips to the range has held the scope in place, kept zero, and never has loosened. Very happy with purchase.
Great set, everything we expected for back yard family fun.
Best I've used. The draw ring makes closing easy and secure. Ring at closed end makes hanging horizontal safe and easy. Better than more expensive Texas Hay net.
These are very comfortable, fit well, and don't slip or slide on the floors.
I love the super stroke 3.0 putter grip. This grip is quite a bit thicker than the grip that came with my Odyssey putter. The 3.0 helps me keep a light grip on my putter and quiet wrists. My stroke is smoother and more putts are going in the cup.
This product fits nice real nice And the experience was nice.
Soft and great sound
This product is awesome! It arrived promptly and in great condition. The cushion comes with a pump so that you can inflate it to your desired firmness. It also comes with a booklet of some suggested exercises. I am using it primarily as a seat cushion to engage my core and improve my posture when I am sitting for long hours at work. So far, it has helped immensely!
Love this bottle!! The bottle itself is durable and the shape is nice. The way it tracks how much water you drink is awesome! The app that goes with it is wonderful and reminds me when I should drink / how far from my daily goal I am. It has helped me a lot! As dorky as it sounds, it makes drinking water kind of fun lol Also: the customer service is great!!!
Perfect value holster. Well built, and I keep this with me daily.
Perfect replacement. Just what I needed.
I loved the m i used them to exercise.
Awesome battery, I used it for my RC airplane and worked great. lasts really long time and holds charge very well. Great product
Perfect match to the rose gold band from Fitbit that broke.
I love love LOVE this mat. I've Never had a mat as great as this. It doesn't slide around at all while I am stretching or doing planks. Every other brand of mat I have ever tried has. Would recommend to my friends and I may buy another for my kids.
Looks good so good I bought another one
Beautiful cleaning mat. High quality, great texture. The reverse side has a grip-like texture that keeps the thing in place. Rolls up nicely. Informative infographics.
Had it for a while now. Works as intended and has lasted.
very sturdy and high quality
I have used Halo Sweatbands for years, but (in my opinion) the rubber sweat-blocking strip always starts peeling away from the fabric (re-gluing provides only a temporary, fix). Before buying new Halos, I thought I would try these fabric sweatbands -- the much lower price made it worth the risk. MUCH TO MY SURPRISE, the sweatbands really work, and work well! I use them for (fast, long-distance) bicycling and for playing Ultimate Frisbee. In both cases, they really do prevent sweat from running down my face and into my eyes. Apparently the fabric really does its job as advertised and evaporates the heat quickly. I have been wearing these in very humid weather with temperatures in the 80's. I certainly DO recommend giving these a try (for far less money). My only "knock" is the smallish knot on the band that has to be positioned just above or below my cycling helmet strap -- otherwise it becomes an uncomfortable pressure point, but that's a very small consolation.
Everything works like it should
This will become my go to pack, definitely the best pack I've owned. Lots of pockets and lots of room for a day pack, and well constructed. Not cheap, but I won't be replacing it any time soon.
Great service and fast delievery! Will be ordering again!
These are perfect for my son's arm strengthening program.
Delightful. Roomy, machine washable, built In air vents, extra pockets for quick stash for ID and keys.
Was a little too big
You're still gonna feel it when you get punched with them. 😎
This silicone swimming cap is so nice. The swimming cap can be taken off quickly and easily without snagging hair and be stretched to more than double its original size. Can be stretched to more than double its original size.
Love it on my visor to give me reading to green
Great product, easy to install.
So far, seems to be the best Glock sight tool I've got... and I've tried 3 or 4 now
The most life-like lure I have seen. The action is tremendous and very very well made. Excellent all round.
Easy to adjust, comfortable handles, does what it needs to do!
My sons friend loved the cap. Looks good on.
When I received this cover for my outboard I was also about to buy a Magma Grill cover. The Magma grill cover was over $50. This outboard cover fit my grill perfectly for a third of the cost. I also have matching covers on my grill and outboard hanging on my Transom.
Wish it had a back buckle instead of velcro for adjustments
Works great a little tight but decent for price
The order arrived quickly and was packaged well. The band is lighter than the original band which is better to me. The Fitbit clicked in securely.
Got this as a room decoration, would also work great on an actual pole. Great quality, looks awesome, would recommend.
My son used this water bottle all summer during his outdoor sports camps. He said it's awesome and the mist works great!
I received my package yesterday and today i used it to train and i can't complain
They work perfectly on my visor cap and the colors add to the fun!
My daughter love this
These are very well made with strong material. Love the blue color. They don't roll down at the waist and provide a good level of tummy control. Great price too!
The magnetic closure is great and allows for much easier adjustment. I love the color, it looks much more professional.
Very nice compression socks. Just right snugness but efficient. Not as hard to put on as some others I have, which is a boon. Am about to order more!
It works like a dream and keeps all my bowls from being clogged
Very happy with product
Cool massage ball. My mother used it for her feets. She like it.
like light weight and more room inside .
This pump works very well. I love the dual action which pumps air on both strokes. The price is very reasonable. Definitely earns 5 stars!
Makes Cornhole easier at night times
I never thought this product will be that perfect. The quality is phenomenal and it can be easily connected to the phone through an app on the App Store either on iPhone or Samsung. Counts the steps and works absolutely amazing so accurate and helps me a lot with my life as I work out a lot and it saves a lot of time for me I highly recommend buying this product it's totally worth the money.
I really like this blind bag. Some of the smaller outer pockets are almost too small, but they are functional and make the bag look really nice. The courtesy light is neat touch, also love having a dedicated sunglasses pocket.
Very nice quality. Giving as a Fathers Day gift, I'm sure he will love it.
Does exactly what it says.
super comfy hat and about 25% off what it would be in the store
Tried it on & was already feeling the sweat! :) Waist trimmer seems to be made of sturdy good quality material too. The Velcro is nice, strong and secure so I don't have to worry about it slipping off. Excited to incorporate this into my workouts!
Wow these wrist wraps are incredible! The quality is top notch! I'm an avid gym rat and these are by far the best wraps I have ever used. I highly recommend purchasing a pair!
Love these tights! So soft, fit perfect, will definitely buy more!!!!
I bought these for use in my home gym located in my garage. My barbell gets very cold in the winter and these gloves add a layer of insulation to keep my hands from getting frostbite. The quality is very nice for the price, there is a good amount of padding on palms but it does not interfere with the feel of the bar. The wrist straps are a nice addition but I don't use them at this time.
Provides clearance for a 50mm scope.
They are good quality balls and we found these to be pretty resonance in comparison to so many other sites.
Very nice quality. Fit and Finish is excellent.
I'm very impressed for the price. I expected it would be usable but what a great surprise on how awesome this really is.
I've been wearing it for a week. I bought a corrector, hoping it would help me solve some of the pain problems caused by car accidents. When I put on this dress, the correct posture will definitely help me to get the pain. It's very comfortable.
Product is very well made. A great value for the price.
As advertised! As an avid out door runner and mountain biker, I was looking for something just like this. It is lightweight and great for protection. I have a very small head though and it is a little loose. I am going to buy another for more casual use.
This is so easy to wear, looks stylish and works perfectly! Easy to track all my workout and walking goals. I am very satisfied with how light it is, doesnt bother having it on my wrist. Definitely recommend this product, no need to spend big money on other brands when this one works perfectly.
Works awesome on my kayak to hold my Garmin striker 4 fish finder. It's easy to take on and off and swing up out of the water when pulling up on a bank or going over algae and trees in the water.
Very good product and seller, I recommend, and I'll buy another one for sure.
The quality is better than I expect ! It's so comfy, The color is my favor pink and purple . Ok, yoga time!
I do a lot of hot yoga so its like this was made for me. I really needed a product that would absorb the sweat as I do sweat a lot when doing hot yoga. This mat is a great size, very absorbent and suits my need perfectly.
Quality range bag. It have almost more room than I need.
Looks dope! Doesnt look like a normal smart watch. Going to buy the other colors. Heart rate monitor works fine.
Great feel and great control. Lightweight
I like the band, good quality for good price
Ideal replacement for the large elliptical trainer if portability and space are significant considerations.
I ordered these because my other bands are thin plastic and they kept rolling up on me. These do NOT do that, they are nice and thick with two strips inside to help the bands not slip. The package comes with 3 different sizes, the smaller the band the more resistance. Please let me know if this was helpful!
Awesome. Always hated bring into my car n having to pull the umbrella down, now I don't have to worry about this anymore.
We use it (with a luggage lock) to store prescription medications in the kitchen cabinet and keep the little ones out. Works well.
I have arthritis in my hands and this is easy on them and also helps improve motion. Highly recommend.
Great with the money
Great band, very comfortable. Easy to adjust and I like that it has a little “give” when you bend your wrist unlike the silicone. I don't like how silicone bands for the Versa the metal clasps can pull away or break apart from the silicone over time and these are built into the plastic, making them much more durable long-term.
I own several of these in many different colors . Fit great breathable and most important. Keeps the rods protected when traveling
Working great in our gym! Jake
Fits as expected and feel just like regular underwear.
Velcro is much better on this one
I mostly use it in traffic, helps pass the time.
Great cooler. I use it for work daily for my ice water.
much easier to use than a standard brass Jag, you wrap it around it instead of poking through the end.
Comfortable to carry. I gave it a 4 for durability only because it's impossible to judge after only a few days, not because of any issues. It is well made and looks as if it will last.
Does what it says. I ordered the small, according to the size chart and it was a little tight but not uncomfortable for about 4 hours at a time.
I love this item. This is most comfortable an effective posture corrector. I have purchased 3 before and were so uncomfortable I could only wear it a couple of hours until it shifted and twisted. They were smaller but not able to be worn. I wear this one 8 hours a day at work. The effects on my posture is already apparent. I feel it is training my back and muscles to stand straighter when it is off. I am 5'5" and 135 lbs. It is able to fit me comfortably with a whole lot of leeway for a very large person. Lol I should do a commercial for this product. I'm very impressed
These lights are fantastic! Much better than I imagined to be honest.
Worth the price, look good, and durable. I've had them 3 weeks so far and no complaints.
Weight and description accurate cannot tell difference between existing chips and the new ones.
Really good dumbbell set 5 to 35 increments of 5
Extremely easy to use, good visibility. I like the extra battery supply.
great backpack, cant wait to take it to a match
Got a few pairs for the boxers in the gym everyone loves then
The fishing rod is nice and very light. It is convenient to carry. The whole set contains fishing rod, line, reel,and lures Baits. It is easy to use, good deal!
Very sturdy band, I ordered orange, my favorite color. What I didn't think about was the how dirty it would look so quickly. Lesson learned, I will have to stay with a darker color next time.
Excellent! My daughter needed 2 different Rx lenses. She was thrilled to be able to see clearly for the first time in water.
I tried the product over the weekend. I washed it out and used it. There was not a weird taste or smell. It collapsed as pictured. I like the plastic piece in the middle so you don't accidently squeeze the bottle too hard and force water onto your face as you are drinking. I will update if necessary. I will be using this bottle frequently while traveling and going to events.
Love this kettlebell. It was a little smaller than what I thought. Even as a female that doesn't weight lift, I could have used a 15-20.
Liked it very very much
I put this on top of my yoga mat. It feels a whole lot better than the regular yoga mat.
It's not an apple watch, ok. But for just fitness, it's great. It tracks sleep, heart rate, steps, blood pressure. And you can use it to control music. It looks nice on the wrist and is comfortable to wear. Love it.
More of a delicate look
Great quality umbrella. Really easy to open with just one click of the button. Easy to use on a rainy day. Definitely recommend this for my family and friends.
Great tape! Probably the best in the market. Thank you for this!
Fits great and easy to assemble
Bought this as a Birthday gift for a nine year old. Great quality and super cute. She loved it!
My doctor wants me to wear these and I thought I would find them hot or too tight, but am pleasantly surprised how comfortable they are. My legs feel good after several hours with them on and they are not hot. Washed them in the machine and dried them (by mistake) and they still fit fine. Great socks, much cheaper than custom. Buying more!
I have earlier model and love it. This new one is super bright just what the doctor ordered
I purchased these as a gift for a friend, because I use the same brand.
My second set after another brand with clips. Prefer these much more. Wife thought so too and started using them as well.
Vacation must have if going to a warm location and you will be out walking in the heat!
Love these, bought three of them to cover most my basement floor where we have our gym equipment. They are so soft and really brighten the room. I can even run the roomba over them no problem.
It's great! We bought underwear to go with it and it's done it's job for my 6 year old. He uses it when he's sparring at Taekwondo. Those kicks can be hard!!
timely and just as described
This is a very affordable, yet quality red dot. If you are looking for a light weight rig and don't want to take up a lot of real estate on your rail, then this is for you. Great for co witnessing with your open sights. I purchased the medium riser and it works perfect! For what I paid definitely impressed!
My son loves this. He is very happy to have this. Quality is good. It is just you have some tools to install it on the wall.
Easy to assemble, nice size for play with grandchildren. Develop skills on a smaller mid-size surface. Nice product.
As described, this is for beginner to mild intermediate. I started using when muscles were really tight. Now that they are much looser, I do feel that this one is a little soft. However, for the price it did it's job and I still occasionally use it when I tighten up...
Quick delivery. Product works great. Would definitely buy again.
I've been having knee pain for the past few months so I decided to try this support brace. I can't believe how much support it does provide and my knee pain has gone down significantly. It's slim so you can wear it under pants while at work but also looks fine with shorts. So glad I found this and it is helping with my knee pain!
My daughter absolutely loves this scooter. She is 6, and especially loves the colorful lights as well. It is a well-built scooter and was easy to assemble. She loves to ride this thing!!! :)
Best field dressing knife for large game. Extremely sharp.
I like this tracker's appearance so much. It's so light and thin. All functions meet what i expected. I have to say one function that surprised me. Message reminder is so practical for me bc i always put my phone on silent mode, which made me miss a lot of messages. Now this tracker has resolved this problem perfectly.
Great product! Works as designed on deer/hog! God Bless!
This is perfect for outdoor workouts to hold my phone and keys. There is an interior clip to secure your keys. Highly recommended.
I was skeptical but bought the rod for my 8 year old daughter. I have to tell you, I would have no reservations fishing with it even with it being pink! Great one-piece rod and great solid Penn reel. Probably will buy another for the wife as well.
great quality! Might even be better than the ones sold by FitBit
My husband loves this for the winter. Great product
This is a great soccer bag for my daughter! It is made of very durable, and waterproof material. The color is perfect for my girl, and it fits all of the things she needs. We will get a lot of use out of this bag!
works as described. no issues.
I have a box of various different holsters this one is the best. It's comfortable, I can wear it several different ways with different guns. I definity recommend this product.
Great headband. Wide and comfortable. Washes well too. Nice fabric.
So I have very bad knees have to get injections almost monthly. And have to wear brace on left one every day. I really like this adjustable knee brace it fits well and helps to keep my knee from swelling so bad.
Excellent product and expedited service.
Fits comfortably! Super sparkly in the sun. Great price.
Excellent band. Very pleased. May not work great if you have a medium wrist.
I initially received the product in used condition and was pretty disappointed and upset. I am revising the review now as the seller was very genuine and tried hard to provide solutions and explained the situation. Overall we were happy with how it turned out, and it's a nice scooter and my son loves it. The seller was very easy to work with and I think he/she sincerely care about the products/customers.
I'm in my 70's and I seem to have developed swollen feet and calf's. These over the calf socks have helped my legs and feet feel better.
What's to say? It's a cannonball with a handle and $18 cheaper than those in the local stores. At least the USPS box did have a 'Heavy' sticker on it.
Very sturdy, low price. Exactly what we needed!
High quality great look and feel, If it lasts as long as my other reels I't can't be beat for the price.
If I have to wear compression socks I don't want something boring or plain. They are working just great and the price was right as I live on a fixed income. My legs are felling better all ready after just a couple of days. Thanks
Can't beat the price for such good MMA mitts!
Very heavy duty and works well
I love this running belt. Easily holds my OnePlus 6 in a case. Im pretty sure the note phones are about the same size.
This brace is terrific. It solved my ankle and heel problem playing playing pickleball. The ankle was kept stable. It is very comfortable.
Grandson was very excited by them. They were a small Christmas present to go with his requested hockey skates. Very quick shipping. Perfect and easy transaction.
really satisfied with it! good price for it, good quality also
Double sided. Came with 2 markers. Works as it should.
Professionally built I'll be mounting tomorrow.
Letsfit fitness tracker looks very nice. Its battery life is long. It is Very light weighted, the app support different kind of sports and it was cool faces. The heart rate is accurate. Compare the price of the tracker, it could be a good choice.
Product works great, looks nice, arrived right on time and reasonable price.
I have purchased several water bottles in the past, this is by far the best product with a great price. The extra straws are a bonus.
This set was a positive surprise. Products work as advertised. Foam roller is firm and good quality. Massage stick is my favorite from this set, easy to relieve tightness from leg muscles, works great. Massage ball I use mostly to my back, shoulders and neck. I was a bit hesitating to buy this set because of the low price and from my experience low price means bad products. That was not the case here.
Perfect just what I wanted. I was glad it had a strap.
So far these seem to be really good. They are compact and will easily fit into a pocket.
good quality, nice size.
Heavy duty durable shooting bag must be filled with sand or your choice with the money and came 2 days early very nice shooting bag I would recommend
These gloves fit comfortably, give a nice grip on the golf club and look nice. They are easy to get on, while also fit snug. The material feels like very good material and isn't irritating.
Bought this to replace ice for a several day road trip. So long as as you pre-cool the Yeti cooler this ice pack kept everything cold for days.
These worked for me. Relieves my heel pain- i see some people say compression therapy doesn't work, but i give it 5 stars because it is helping.
So far I have only used the 3 times. I use them for Krav Maga training because I have a bad ankle. Running not so much support but kicks and some stances are fine. Venom is a HUGE brand here but I chose to go with the little guy and I would purchase their products to test them out to give them a hand in building their company.
I have read all reviews before I bought this, luckily, I received an item with any issue. The stun gun can make loud noisy like other buyers said, the flashlight is not bright enough, but It can blind the attacker. I have try the stun function and my friend said it make a huge painful sense.
They work pretty well. Wasn't sure what to expect but it's nice not having to think about my socks or shirt bunching up all day. I can reach up high to grab a book off of a bookshelf for instance and my shirt tucks itself back in.
I'm a bit late, but I think that might make a better review. I've had this holster for about five months, I carry a Sig Sauer P238 on the norm. It has held up quite nicely. The holster is comfortable, and sometimes I forget I'm wearing it. I would highly recommend this holster for anyone who owns a P238 or it's equivalent.
I am so thrilled with these mittens! They are so very soft, and luxurious, but also tough, tough, tough! And so so well insulated! I will be using them to shovel snow in Maine and also buying again and buying as gifts for friends!
Beautiful and well made.
5+ stars its awesome charge up less than a hour
Fantastic!! Especially because I paid no where near that $100 price that Fitbit wants
WOW, This little thing is freaking AWESOME! Talk about a 20 second workout?! This thing will shock you on how fast your legs will BURN... you will think they are on fire... oh yeah, and the next day you will feel your stomach muscles crying out for help! ♡ I LOVE THIS STEPPER! ♡ Perfect workout for a Trucker who is health conscious like us!!
Prefect fit band for my Alta. In fact, I like it better than my original band. Clipped on immediately and completely and I am thinking of ordering another one.
I think for the price, it's great. Not a FitBit or an Apple Watch, but it doesn't try to be either. Useful and not crammed with too many features. Don't expect it to be a $300 item, and you'll be satisfied.
I will update this as needed, but as of delivery today it seems great. Sturdy and easy to move, with a simple computer and a good manual. Thus far, the cats have used it more than the humans though.
Excellent gloves! Great weight and flexibility! Easily works on touchscreen phones and tablets.
Great value! A little smaller than regulation but great for summer fun!
It is very heavy duty. I read a lot of reviews and finally chose the company's products. The color of this product is very bright. It can be written on it. I used this prize wheel in my class. My students like it very much. This product attracted their attention completely. I think I will recommend this product to other teachers who need it.
The straps are pretty awesome. One of the many great things about the straps is you can wrap them around the bar single handed, not like those other nylon straps that can take two hands (the one hand wraps great where the other isn't). Also, you can workout with these straps on and not get in the way for a step that doesn't need them. The straps are comfortable, easy to use and very effective.
Well worth the money
My husband loves this item. He lost so much weight and inches from his stomach
Just as described. Easy to install. Merely screwed easily into threads. Scope was purchased in 2017. Highly recommend even though very pricey.
Only one constructive comment...the top of sock around ankle is too tight for selling in my ankles, feet, and legs.
durable, light, fits in my golf bag.. works as advertised.
Covers much more surface area then traditional goggles
I bought these gloves specifically because I wanted an alternative for leather gloves and I couldn't be happier. The quality of the glove is very good, it is confortable to wear, and most importantly, it doesn't slip while I'm hanging on the bar (doing toes-to-bar, pull ups, etc.) These gloves have a great grip. Another thing that is very nice is the wrist support, which also is excellent. To sum it up: you can't go wrong with this choice.
Great RB glove for the price. Wish I had bought two.
It looks very professional and high-tech as well. Arrived on time! Thank you. Can't wait to try them.
Happy with the purchase.
Received order quicker than anticipated and better quality than expected. My nephew is going to love these. Will purchase again.
Mava Sports Knee Braces are made of high quality material that gave my knees a good feel of compression. It is important to measure your leg to get the correct size. The braces came in nice, easy to open packaging. I found the Velcro straps to be a little shorter than I would like them. However, that did not effect their performance. I trail walk 6 miles a day and find them comfortable enough to forget I am wearing them.
Nice product – quality very good. I like the ability to adjust The tension to improve your overall grip.
I bought this for my daughter for Xmas. A great gift for children of many ages! I can't wait for her to receive this gift. It came quickly, packaged well and looks like it will be a great toy! I will review again after Xmas and let you know how the product performs.
easy to assemble ready to go in 10 minutes. sturdy
I love this wrist band for a professional look that's not too blingy. Easy to adjust size and is sturdy. I change it every day between my work and workout band and I've not had an issue with it not staying or breaking.
Great product. Going to be used for an Army Land Navigation Course. Hopefully they won't be needed. Lol
Wearing everyday and overnight, this band is holding up great!!! The matte finish has rubbed off a bit and is now shiny, but the band looks and feels brand new. Many compliments. Would buy again.
First package sent was missing the product. They responded within 24 hours and immediately sent me the product. Just received them and they are so comfortable! This is the product to buy!!!
These worked great for my 3yr old on our family ski trip. I ordered the size M (4-6) but he is fairly big. The gloves kept his hands warm and dry while tubing and playing in the snow. He never complained. They were also easy to put on his hands, and they stayed on while playing.
Compression support was fantastic and have been using its since last 2 days, training's are comfortable. Didnt realize it comes as single. Will be ordering another one soon.
These new bands are great! Very comfortable and pretty! Highly recommend. Also very fast shipment.
Very good fishing glove.
Pistols fit nicely and don't move around at all. Will buy another one as my collection grows.
I bought this to match the size of a previous lunchbox that had the zipper come out. The handle was on top of that one so all the weight was held up by tje zipper. This one wisely has handles that hold the weight at the body of the whole so hopefully the zipper won't fail on this one. This box is quite nice. The color is handsome. The quality of manufacture seems high. We shall see how long it lasts!
Good rope- it's what was expected
Absolutely love this mat. Highly recommended
Absolutely like this waist trimmer. it ‘s Perfect and east to adjust,Great prices for a quality product,very comfortable to wear while working out.
I really like how powerful and quiet this tumbler is!
Best price to performance choice. Couldn't be happier with this. Solid quality!!
Started physical therapy and wanted to use the same equipment at home.
Good knife, sharpens easily, used for cutting pipe insulation.
I was not disappointed with this scope,quick sight in.
Use them for bird watching.
Great holster. Well built. Best deal for the price.
Not fancy, but works perfectly and priced well. I love it.
This fitness tracker is great for people who are super tough on watches and things like that! I'm so used to ruining watches by getting them wet but not anymore! The screen is super clean and over all just a really great quality fitness tracker that doesn't cost an arm and leg!
This jump-rope is pretty durable. I need to boost up my Cardio and what better way than to use a jump rope.
It works. It's comfortable and easy to use. I only wear it when I know I will need the help, and keep the battery compartment open when not in use - this helps a lot with battery life. Clean the wax guard and ear dome regularly, and you can order replacements if you need.
Very sturdy well made GHD machine Gym quality I am 6'5" 250lbs. fit machine very well in the same league as high dollar GHD's out there. The only complaint which is minimal is the rough wrinkle finish hard to clean would like to see a smooth gloss black finish .
Got for my father for Christmas! he loves it and it was exactly as described by the seller. great quality.
Brooks shoes are always a quality product! Loved the color
Love the thickness of this ring and the option of multiple colors!
These are my favorite. They stay in place. They're light, seamless, and don't dig into my hips.
Light weight, easy to store.
THIS is THE best gift EVER!!! OUTSTANDING quality!!! The engraving is nice and deep! I honestly don't see how they are selling them at this low of a price!!! GREAT purchase!!!
Great for younger players and those with limited space. Fun toy to get the kids "interacting" and off the tv or electronic devices.
been wearing this for days now and have to say its a more soft material than the other blackhawk belt I was wearing, so that said, its better for day to day comfort.
Very nice jointed lures great for catching bass. Bigger than I thought they were going to be. Super shiny and work perfectly! Definitely made fishing a little bit easier!
This case is worth it!! It is very smooth and the buttons fit perfectly! The inside is a nice fur and the color is a bright red which is gorgeous. 10/10 recommend :)
Works great for taking my things to the gym.
Awesome holster for my LCP...fits like a glove and stays in place in my waist band
Only wore once but got the job done. Don't know how long it will last but seems of decent quality.
Doing CrossFit 5 days a week these have helped maintain my hands from ripping. This is the second pair I have bought!
Bought these for my husband last Christmas. He loves them and wears them religiously. Very comfortable.
Fits 45 acp exceptionally well. I like that they stack on/in each other to cut down on space when being stored.
Fantastic product for a great price!
The quality is super good, there is plenty of room for mobile phone, powerbank, wallets, tickets, chewing gum, make up kits, all the things you need to bring to the music festival.
Easy Bluetooth connection, great sound quality. A tight fit, but overall great quality product.
Awesome. This was way easier to install then the original net. I am hoping for good durability too.
This is an excellent product to strengthen my hip muscles. Simple and effective practice! I used it for a few days and there were 6 modes and 10 strength options, so I read the manual before I started and started at the lowest level. On the hip workout I start with the lowest patterns and intensity to start melting fat (of course, a healthy diet or a separate product) and then gradually increase the intensity to enhance the effect of exercise.
More effective and easier to use then sitting in stretching boots/ splints. Folds flat so I can take it with me easily. Consistent stretching has been key in treating my plantar fasciitis.
The smell when you open the box is amazing!very very good quality beautiful journal!
I have used these along with some workout apps and I must say that these are very effective and easy to use, for someone with not much space and that doesn't want to drive to the gym every day these are perfect. Best $200 I have ever spent!
These glasses look so good on my husband and are comfortable. He uses them for fishing because they are polarized and truly works to see through water when fishing..or a great tool for it I mean. They fit right upon his nose comfortable without marks and around his face well. The colors stand out and make him stand out also
Great product and amazing price. Better than expected!!!
If you're looking for a new fun yard game this set is for you!!! We spend lots of weekends outside grilling with friends and we play the same outdoor games. I was so excited when this arrived in the mail we brought it to our friends that night! The dice are amazing quality, I was not expecting them to be that nice. It come with all the pieces you need even the dry erase marker!! There is a piece on the lid you have to pull to open for the first time which was kind of hard. It took two of us 5 minutes trying to figure it out! The bucket is great for holding everything together however it's a bit big for the size of dice.
This is a functional fitness tracker that friend referred to me. It has more functions than I expected. This fitness tracker has Heart Rate Monitor with color screen, it can also link to my iPhone and it is very similar to the more expensive Fitbit my wife have. I have worn it in swimming and in shower with no problems at all. I like it especially it is much cheaper than Fitbit with similar function. Highly recommended.
Happy with Product! :)
Great pad, large fits the tundra perfectly
nonslip, cute and sturdy bands! already recommended these to my friends :)
My wife loves this..
Quick delivery and love how stiff these headbands are and they do not slip while working out! Will be buying more.
Perfect! Just what I need to organize and my loose weights. I was worried about reviews complaining about the smell. I had no issues with this and I'm thankful I purchased it.
Shipped safely and properly. Sealed in new packaging with zeroing instructions on a credit card sized waterproof plastic card
I bought this originally to wear to my second job which is a little rough on my hands. In the beginning, I was only wearing it once a week but now I am wearing it daily because my wedding band set is at the jeweler getting rest and soldered. It is lightweight and I don't notice it all day when I have it on. It is pretty and serves as a great replacement until I get my set back. I will continue to wear it to my second job when I get my real set back.
looks great on my truck
Breathable, sized right, supportive, and quality.
My son loves them!!!!
These do exactly what you bought them to do. They fit over a standard Olympic barbell sleeve smoothly and they weigh what they say they do. The color is as pictured. These are sure to help me push through plateaus for a long time to come!
These are really nice cards! They are easy to handle right out of the package and it appears that they will hold up well. I brought some to a party tonight and they were very well received. Usually, new cards are hard to shuffle and deal, but these are a joy to use.
Better than expected, my nephew loved it
Thank you for the above and beyond the call of duty customer service! Taking the time to get me back the items Returned in error is most appreciated.
Love these-sturdy & well-made.Easy to hang my leggings & can fit 2 of some of my thinner ones in 1 hole.Frees up my drawers & makes my leggings easier to see.
The concept of the bag is great. Definitely secure. Better than what I was expecting actually and plenty big. I agree there is a hole the size of a medicine bottle at the top but what are people going to take? Loose change? There is an extra zipper inside to secure small stuff. There is no way someone would be able to pull a Gopro in a waterproof housing out so the hole doesn't matter much. I wouldn't let this bag out of my sight if I can help it because it could be stolen with proper tools but the average public thief is looking for a quick grab and not something he/she has to work for in plain view.
Thick and long, this mat is perfect for outdoor yoga/pilates/core. The material provided a good gripping surface so no sliding during planks.
Quick delivery for a nice price...good quality
Perfect fit, love the soft flexible band and the cover around the watch let's me feel safe and better protected
Came as expected. And within the time frame promised.
Nice little sight in tool
Great product, worked great with my hammock on a 2 night backpacking trip. Great quality, best fly for the price
I purchased this Hoover board for my 8 year old. She loved the addition of the LED lights on the side and the Hoover board maneuvers smooth and efficient. Also it came with a handy bag to store and carry around.
Very happy with this purchase for amateur bird watching from our home! Lightweight compared to other binoculars, making it a great choice for the family. The auto focus is wonderful!
Great quality and the price is great. Once I use them all I will purchase again
Using several on new compartments I made on my boat. Easy to install and adjust. Work well!
Great quality, very durable. Easy to put together and break down for storage. Comes with very nice storage bag.
Great price for an item that just simply works. Was used every day this past summer while kayaking. Kept phones, clothes and wallets dry all day.
This fitness tracker has soo many options and is easy to use. I love how it's synced to my phone and I can see call and read text messages which is very handy at work when I can't have my phone on me. I have found the charge lasts for days.
Nice solid basic rear sight. Nothing special but does the trick.
smooth shipping, smooth performance
Easy to assemble. Fast delivery. My daughter loves it and I love that it is giving her something to do outside & off the electronics :)
I ordered a large and it fit as expected. I'm 5'2 and 142 pounds. Haven't used it to workout in but feels great wearing it.
Works good, no problems
This would scare the hell out of anyone
Delivered as promised
It's working great for me and not my sling is back in action
I'm relatively new to fishing, and this type of reel requires a bit of skill. In other words, there's a learning curve. But once you have it figured out, it's well worth the small amount of effort required to get it right. The two different cast-drag settings, one on either side, are easy to maneuver, and the idea is that you set it for your own style of casting. I paid $40 for this reel. You can pay much more for baitcasting reel, but in my opinion, you don't need to. I paired mine with a 7' medium-heavy Ugly Stik rod. It is now my go-to reel.
great for harbor's and other calm lakes. havent used it on a rough lake but it seems like it could handle fits in my trunk no problem
Like one other reviewer, my tube and bladder came stained with algae/mold or something I'm sure I don't want to drink. Let me add to my original post about condition. While mine came stained the customer service from the supplier was superb. They addressed the issue and promptly sent a replacement bladder. With regard to the vest itself. I am a distance hiker (20+ miles) and needed something with extra pockets for snacks and fuel. The pack is perfect for this, is very comfortable and lightweight. I'm happy that all worked out.
Ordered these for my five-year old son who is currently learning Tae Kwon Do. These arrived on time and in great condition. We've gotten some great practice sessions in with these pads and they seem like they'll be very durable and last a good deal of time. For the price, they were exactly what we hoped for and have no complaints at this time. Very satisfied.
Perfect size for our needs and fits flush against the wall in garage using very little space.
Every thing went great, I received the package earlier than expected (on time for Christmas). Made my daughter very happy. Thank you.
Shipping was fast! Product just as expected!
I was looking for a lightweight chair for the beach, camping and my kids soccer games that I can pack easily and not take up much space. I do a lot of backpacking and have some lighter versions of this chair, but I needed something for the everyday use and didn't want to beat up my other lighter versions. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED! At just about 2 lbs and a packable size to put inside a pack or bag...I can take this anywhere without the burden of bulky heavier chairs to lug around while I'm the Sherpa for all of the other sports/beach gear! This chair has super sturdy lightweight poles and backing much like something you might find at REI but for almost half the price! The extra bonus kicker is the ground mat that the legs go into if you're sitting in sand or snow. I recently did a trip to MT in July and camped in the snow...this chair would have solved the problem of the legs sinking into the snow causing a very unbalanced or near impossible sitting. I used this at the beach this last weekend while fishing and had zero issues of feet sinking into the sand and was very easy to set up. They included another great feature like pull tabs to help get the poles into the backing and ground mat. Great idea and a very comfortable chair! I don't no much about Basecamp Supply Co. but I'm looking forward to see what they come up with next!
This is perfect for leader spools. Great quality. Easy to store on a boat or in a tackle bag.
Exactly as described.
I purchased these for my nephews birthday (he was turning 4 and his brother is 6). They were a huge hit!! The second they turned them on they wouldn't put them down! Great for siblings or kids and friends! Would buy again!! Great product for the price!
One feature that would be nice is to have the cards color coded per body location. This would make it much easier to find cards pertaining to leg, chest, back shoulders etc.
Thinner than expected but still nice
Love the seat. Delivery was fast and quality is good.
This is a great little knife . I am a knife guy , have been all my life . The first thing I look for is what type steel the blade is made of. I don't like a knife that won't hold an edge. This is a well made high quality knife, don't let the size fool you. This little knife will take lot of abuse and still be in the race. I bought this knife for a gift, looks like I will have to buy another one.
The are the best compression socks! I'm 63, 6'5" and 228 and they go all the way to the knee. Ankles never swell anymore. Can walk 3-5 miles a day.
Great product. I ordered starry night with is a gray. Love it so much i ordering another of these in another color, very possibly the yellow for safety when dog walking when I want to be seen. Perfect for driving in Texas with the sun streaming in the windows. Thrilled this is a Made in USA product. Great service from these folks. Edited to add: just received my 2nd beach cover up and sun shawl in NEON. Love it. We are well into a hot Texas summer. I feel that I have much improved sun protection
Installed this on my 6.8 SPC II build.
Very pleased with this bottle. It does just what is advertised!
I'm 46 years old and decided a hex bar might be a better option for my aging back vs traditional barbell deadlifts. Love this bar. It's comfortable; at a great price point; elevated handles in addition to bar height option. Quite simply, it's everything you need.
Good quality swivels
Exactly as described. Fast shipping. My boys are now ready for some wiggle ball games
This sling makes my AR15 a joy to tote around. Well worth the money. Tough built and well thought out. Amazon(post office) lost mine but refunded me money. I bought it elsewhere and am very pleased with it.
This watch band is so easy to take on and off - and it stays in place because the end is magnetic. I love this so much, I bought it in a couple of colors.
Great sunglasses for the price. I would buy another pair again
Great size for storing pills. Also suitable for travel. Well made
I finally got a chance to test out my new badminton racquet and I was impressed with it. For the price I can't complaint much. It was like I was using a Yonex or Carlton racquet. It has the flexibility in the head. It has the power and controlled that I want in a racquet. I have been playing badminton for over 20 yrs now and I am pretty happy with these racquets.
My daughter loves this. It is well built. I would recommend this for any softball player.
Got it for my boyfriend, he loves it, lots of pockets and zippers, very sturdy
Very very comfortable. Good fit. Good price
I needed something to keep my camera dry when out on the water. A friend recommended this product, so I purchased it. Then I found out that my daughter-in-law also has used one for years. It is a real winner, and will even float (it says - I haven't wanted to test that out). You do need to make sure you roll the top tightly.
I use it for my sons football & basketball games and works great in the stands. Very comfy. Well worth it.
First, let me say that, after realizing that the delivery address was wrong on the order, Dean Safe was very accommodating getting the safe to the correct address. Thank you, Dean Safe, for understanding and helping. The safe is exactly as advertised. Battery powers the red interior light, which can be switched off. The touch tone can also be switched off, which is much appreciated opening at night. There is plenty of room for my Sig P320, Kimber micro 9, and 6.5” Rough Rider (lays flat on bottom). Perfect for my situation.
Mounted these broadheads on 17" bolts shot from a 150# crossbow. I shot them in desert terrain, (sand and rocks). While the black coating is wearing out, they remain straight and have not broken. They fly straight for me and the bolts hit close together in a target meaning they are accurate enough for hunting.
Very confortable, I use it every other day with my work out routine! Highly recommend to anyone.
Bought these for our Pathfinder group and they are beautiful. Each of us now have a set and a nice little bag for all of them as well. We haven't found any issue with them as of now.
Really handy to have. Wound up using a lot since having to cut wires for fuses and kill switches. Got real good at crimping
I ordered this ring in the same size as my husband's original gold wedding band, but discovered that it was too big. I emailed the seller, asking if I could send the other ring back in exchange for a smaller size. The seller promptly responded back, by saying that we could keep the first ring and that we could just get the correct size at no additional cost. The seller went above and beyond to make us satisfied with our purchase. The ring has held up very nicely, despite being worn everyday by my husband. Great ring, great value, and great customer service!
Lightweight, quality appears good. Best deal I found, although Blue is not true navy!
What else needs to be said? Exactly as advertised at a better price than I found anywhere else.
This is the 4th pack of these socks purchased. They're very well-made and withstand heavy usage by my son. No need for fabric softener either - a plus.
Product arrived quickly. Is extremely easy to assemble and is very sturdy. Looks absolutely beautiful!!! Will definitely buy from Rush Creek Creations again. Very satisfied with purchase. Would highly recommend!
I love these pants so much! After a couple washes it has faded very slightly, and also the top button popped off after the first wash. Not that big of a deal for me because I know how to sew buttons, but may be an inconvenience for some. Overall I really like them!
I am a sucker for non cotton leggings with side pockets and these fit the bill. High waisted, comfortable, stay up while running, great to workout in! LOVE THEM
Very comfortable vest. It's triple your sweat like in sauna.
Fishing rod and reel is amazing for the price. Do not regret my purchase. Reel casts smooth with 20lb braid. Have only bass fished thus far, next is saltwater.
Product arrived on time. Bull was a great size. I actually used it for a Unity Day event that represented Spain and the Running of the Bulls Festival. People enjoyed taking a picture with the bull over their waist. It was a huge hit! Product is very sturdy.
Perfect backpack. Very fast delivery
Straight strong cue.. Well balanced .. But the tip is very cheap quality.. Overall good cue for even $50
Great lube for so many things. Weapons to tools to being a leather preservative. Best of all it is non toxic. Approved for use in the food industry for food processing machines. Some like the smell and some hate it. The aerosol has a much stronger odor IMO plus the aerosol is not considered nontoxic (propellant I assume)
Just what my husband was looking for! He wanted a bag that was a certain size for fishing while wading. It's is it.
I really enjoy these leaders! Quality not sacrificed with amazing price! Only issue is I have not found an efficient way to unravel leader...
I love this box, wonderful smell and could be used any way anywhere. Very sturdy.
This was for my son's Speedo Goggles. They have a strap that has stopped working for him. These worked great and now his goggles stay on his face. He also has an additional strap that he can use later.
I liked the color options and the super protection of my phone. Customer service is stellar.
Nice for small gun work! I also bring it shooting to protect gun from tailgate
Very easy to assemble and it does exactly what I was hoping for. Good product for such an economical price.
Got here quick and best product for abscesses in horses
Definitely a necessity for hot weather riding. Just toss them in the washer when they get dirty.
I was skeptical because it was so thin. It's thin and durable, easy to store when off. It has never came off ever through rough weather. Even the zipper works great. I have been super happy with it. When I need a new one I will repeat this order.
I work in a super hot factory. If it's 100 degrees outside, it's 120 degrees inside the plant. These work surprisingly well. Cools me down and helps me not have a heat stroke.
Great bands. Very strong and thick with a lot of resistance. Perfect for intense exercise sessions
The product looks exaclty how it looks online if not better! Super comfortable worth the money!
Quality product , fast shipping, and fast install
perfect to customized your Glock
Had to order another one, love the 2-in-1 feature, nothing to worry about since you have both kinds. No problems at all, recommend to anyone!
Hi quality. very strong.
I am a soccer referee and I like it.
The resistance bands are very sturdy & good quality.
I got the muscle toning belt. Now I can do the workout anytime anywhere. Cause I don't really have time to go to the gym. I am using this muscle toning belt I feel good with this. I think I will do more exercise to try to get the result better. But this belt did work for me. As I expected
Love it , I put it on and wore it all day and no more pain in my elbow .
This is a great, compact goal net. We used the 4' one for the 3-5 yr old range, then switched to the 6' one for 6+ years old. No problems with either one!
I love this thing. It did take a little while to hit the ball more than twice. Use the black, soft, ball first then move up to the red, harder, ball. Follow the instruction and start low then go high or you will be frustrated. I've shown this to others and they too love it.
Best product ever! Keeps me cool!
I really prefer the taste of my own water from home and taking a small water bottle just doesn't cut it. This is the perfect size to get me through the day! Durable and handy, I love it
Best price anywhere and shipped fast.
I just used this for the first time yesterday and I'm already sore! The poster is really great and it has all the exercises you would want to use for all those target areas. I will say that the instructions are a bit confusing but I was able to figure it out. I am 5'3 115lbs and typically workout 2-3 times per week.
great product great company
I've used the sliders on a rubber floor, plastic side down, and on a bamboo floor, soft side down. They slid appropriately on both surfaces. The whole key I have found of sliders is that you keep your weight on the stabilizing body part. And also I was quite surprised at the quality of bands, so much so that I'm ordering another set for the office.
They worked for my wife
If you have a Kaweco you need this clip. I didn't think I would need one but ended up getting one anyway to clip to my shirt pocket otherwise I just get annoyed. Then I thought I'd just trade out the same clip for my several Kaweco pens. No go. Ended up getting one for each pen. Just go ahead and get one when you get the pen if you keep your pens clipped to anything: shirt, folder, papers, whatever. Save the hassle of waiting for it later.
These socks work and are surprisingly comfortable as well. So I am quite happy with them. I have not washed the pair I wore the other day but hopefully they will hold up in the washing machine well. I say this because I had to return my 1st order of them because a pair of socks arrived damaged. I quickly got a replacement package though without any problems.
Works great! Does everything it's supposed to. Some nights I feel like it doesn't track my sleep but that's not a priority for me. Super easy to use and feel it's more accurate than the Fitbit I had. Wrist band is staying cleaner longer as well. Charging is super convenient too. Can plug it in to my computer at work if it happens to be running low! Great purchase!
These elastic laces are great for my son. He is 11 and not very good at tying his shoes, they always come undone. This takes the problem away. They are very low key looking, too, so no one notices.
I'm very happy with this bag. I was hesitant to purchase because the purple in the product picture is very saturated, but I gave it a shot based on the review photos. The purple is perfect, much better in person. The bag is small but it holds the cases for my .40 and 380, plus plenty of boxes of ammo. There's a divider in the middle compartment that keeps the ammo boxes in place. There are 4 pockets around the outside that are spacious, and there's plenty of room in one pocket to hide my extra necessities. The bag is well made and I'd highly recommend it to any person looking for color instead of a basic black bag.
These goggles fit so well and are so easy to use. They appeared big when I got them out of the box, but fit great and actually suctioned to my face. The clasp is really neat and easy to use.
easy..simple..click and go.I'm a bit fanatical about counting laps...somewhat concerned about the way it fits on my finger-the strap has little interlocking little blocks that wrap around...but it does stay on and count it does! I wracked up 180 laps even for 5 miles ..hitting my goal.I was able to see the numbers clearly on a flip turn without having to stop.it does exactly what is intended....and I was able to listen to my music...swim through..
As I've recently started to travel for work, my legs have become really painful on long flights. However this is no longer the case because of this product! So easy to use. They are comfortable and the material is great!
Love this quality product in gray.
very like it~ thank you
I really like this stop watch! I bought it to help my great nephew train for track. He's only 6 but has taken a liking to running and always wants to know how well he's doing and how much he's improving. Love that it's waterproof and shockproof and the large display makes it easy for my old eyes to see the numbers lol! The price was very reasonable and it arrived on time!
Just what I needed! Delivery was fast and package was appropriate to protect the key from getting bent/damaged in transit. Pocket clip at double-locking prong end is ideal for quick and easy storage and retrieval from a breast/vest pocket.
Fit very well and much more reasonably priced than the ones sold by Fitbit.
Great mat a bit squeaky when using for hot yoga on the floor, but it still gets 5 stars in my book.
Im a freshman who sometimes drinks soda and this really worked and kept my drink cold until lunchtime
Got this to go with my at home CrossFit training. I am not disappointed. Handles with bearings make for smooth movement. The handles are also soft comfortable.
Worker perfectly to photograph the eclipse!
This band is easy to change with my fitbit...the silver with the butterflies look great. No problems at all with the magnet. I also purchased this in gold.
This is the best dang thing... I love it. Everyone has the Fitbit, I can't afford a Fitbit but bought this little beauty and love it. Several of my friends that have fitbits checked this out and they are impressed. Great buy!
My kids love these. They seem to work well.
timely delivery ,product good quality,
Great support for runners!
These are great fitting googles. Great suction, no leaks but comfortable. They do not leak. The lenses are polarized as well which means no bright sun glares. I will be buying couple more pairs.
Functional double mag pouch works for both pistol and rifle magazines, material of which seems solid and fine.
Just what I needed in my range bag
Great quality patch, excellent quality customer service.
Love the bands. Makes it easy to match what you may be wearing.
These have worked great to help reduce some of the pain from my plantar faciatis. I wear the compression socks with workout shoes, but wear these with sandals or around the house barefoot.
Rain was forecasted on my wedding, so I bought and used this to help me and my new husband get around. It worked out perfectly.
Great backpack! Frees up your hands and to carry rods easily. Adequate storage, can be tight when trying to pull out cases. Overall I'm impressed and glad I bought this item.
These bands are extra mini and it fits for different sports lovers.Since there are 5 levels of resistance ,light,X-light,Medium,heavy,X-heavy.all people can use these bands no matter you are beginner or experienced sports lovers.if you are beginner,i would like to recommend you light and X-light which is great for you,if you are medium user,i would like to recommend medium,heavy and extra heavy bands,they are good for advanced strength training. These bands come with a black pouch and instruction booklet but you can also search in the youtube,these bands are multifunctional ,they are widely use in yoga,Pilates and so on.I use these bands for practicing my hips.Of course you can also use these resistance band for your legs,arms,back,shoulders and ankles as you need.According to my test,the resistance of these bands are pretty good and easy to use.I can use it in office,at home or even hotel when i was travelling.It is a happy experience and highly recommend to you guys.
So cute looks just like the picture can't wait for my baby to wear it this summer! ❤️
Pockets are large enough to fit camera lenses and all necessary accessories. Don't always have to wear a backpack. Professional quality, holds up well. Color seems to be very permanent in the fabric. Not that I would ever wear this one out, but if I did, I would buy another one.
I love this thing, although mine came without the users guide so I went straight for the red ball, I guess that one's supposed to be the more difficult of the 2, but using it came pretty naturally, super fun to use and it's hard to put down once you get started
This is the thickest and warmest neck gaiter I've ever had. It will definitely keep the cold from getting under your coat collar. The fabric is very plush and soft. I like it very much.
Nice goalie gloves. Good finger bones, wear well. Good grip. Worth the amount spent.
I have been having some knee pain as I walk and ride my bike. I've been using this for over a month now and no more pain. I don't even have to wear it all the time, now. Gives my knee extra support.
I actually bought this for my mom. She was verry happy and couldn't wait to tell me how well it works. Glad i could help in such a simple way so definitely a great investment and product.
This is my favorite, I use it a few times a week and has really cut down the cost of ammunition and range time! I set up a couple of targets around my room and go at it for 30min to an hour The only thing to watch out for is if you have a DA/SA, you will be shooting in double action the entire time unless you rack the slide every time. If you are shooting something that is SA, like a Glock, you will have to rack the slide every time to reset
Great light for the money. I recommend it to anyone, wanting a great light for most any purpose.
Warm and cozy. This and a down vest was all i needed in below mid 30's weather.
Awesome tool work as promised, good price and fast delivery.
This little buggers works like a charm. Helps with kneeling during yoga, and is a pretty purple. Everyone wanted one as soon as they saw mine. It also comes with two elastic Straps to hold it in place. Also I am 6'1 so when laying down, I was longer than my yoga mat. I just laid this by my head for a pillow.
My grandson is happy with this.
Worth every cent. Fast shipping, good quality for price.
I bought 2 pairs - 1 for each kid. They are warm and well-made.
Easy to use. Serves purpose
Very good product. I brought this belt for my mom. She is an active runner and this belt works greatly with her. She was amazed by being able to use TouchID to unlock her phone through the belt.
Yes, I have tried everything to get rid of thrush .. and this stuff actually did the trick. It was recommended by my farrier and a friend of mine that owns a horse stable. Great stuff ( and my mare liked it, too) It did not burn her hooves..
Great price and product quality and delivery
Use the gloves for weight-lifting. They're comfortable, lightweight but substantive, and the fabrication is high-quality.
Perfect knife. Was a gift to my survivalist bf. It is everything you could want or need as a pocket knife. A cpl of his friends seen it went out and bought it for themselves within a wk. Its that awesome. BUT. The black color on the knife blade over time can chip off easily, so its not completely non reflective. So not exactly Tom Clancy worthy, but close enough. Love it and plan to buy myself one asap.
Was exactly what I was seeking. Price was lower than all others and the tutorial made it a simple process
Great for getting creative in 3 gun practice on the shotgun
It's snug and it feels good. Hope it stays that way after a few washes. Update: I rated it 4 stars the first time as I didn't really know what to expect when I got it. But I don't really have complains about it so I changed my rating to 5 stars as I should have done in the first place. Plus the seller is very helpful!
Perfect fit and details matched to a T. Shipped fast and I'm loving them.
beautiful to wear, but feels a little thin.
Very well made, my daughter is 11 tall skinny perfect fit! She is a goal keeper, very happy. Very Nice product!
Works as intended. It could use stronger peg for support.
I have had for about 4 days now, love it so far. Records my steps, sleep, calories and miles. It even synched with my Samsung's health. Great price for a great bluetooth fitness watch, glad I didn't pay $200.00 for a name brand.
I always for the thinnest holster in the waist band, but this is exactly what i have been looking for. I have use it everyday 18 hours a day with light t-shirts and it is not noticeable. I know where the M&P Shield is and I can't see the imprint. Price and quality are good.
Good luck snapping this line. Got snagged onto a huge tree and after 15 minutes of pulling this 50+ lb tree I decided to cut the line... excellent!
Did EXACTLY what I needed to get rid if white line for my mare. As my farrier said it would.
These work great. Bought two sets. They stay in the wall and hold my Ruger 556 AR-15 (dressed in Magpul) and my Mossberg 500 perfectly without issue. Would recommend to anyone. 10/10.
The product is good and filled up my expectations.
This Yoga Mat is perfect for my needs. It has flower shaped non-slip spots on the underside that are especially helpful when it comes to the constant moving that comes with Yoga. The towel is also very absorbent, making it handy for those really hot days when my work out is getting the best of me.
I bought a table for my son to do homework, this table is very strong and durable quality is also very easy to install, take place is not large, but also to do the table because I now rent a house often move this table for me
Looks authentic and its easy to install
Love all of the colors. They are perfect for around the neck, over the shoulder, hooked to a water bottle or in the pocket while at the gym. They are very light weight and super absorbent! The first week we had them the owner of the gym saw them and asked where we purchased them. He ordered several to sell at his gym!
That jump rope is amazing, high quilty , so light , great design, the articulations is so great idea , loved it and I'm getting another one to use it at my clinic for patients who need agility training
Had some issues with some stitching, but they were very prompt to make everything right! Super nice to deal with, would definitely order from them again!!
Easy mounting...it is everything they say it is. works great.
Great way for little kids and big kids to get on the trampoline. Easy to assemble and attach.
Love this watchband. It is beautiful, comfortable, and matches my iwatch perfectly. Shipping was fast. Wonderful!
Ordered a size small for my 15 yr old son and he loves them. Fit nicely at the knee. Good quality.
Very nice and fit perfect I really recommend
Needed a larger bottle for my sons football practices and it delivered. Keeps cold for at least 4 hours in the Arizona sun.
Lifetime warranty and stainless steel is a win win. It's a little tricky putting the band on but it looks super elegant on. The small is long so you have extra slack if your in between small and large. Highly Recommend buying I got it in two of course with prime.
The bands are great. My girls love them, and they fit as expected.
I am recovering from shoulder surgery and these have been very helpful in my rehab....easy to use, easy to adjust.
My daughter loved it
These are thick and heavy duty. Great for leg workouts!
My boyfriend loves it, great size, he uses it everywhere
Just the right height and weight to elevate my red dot for a comfortable eye position. Couldn't be happier
Bought for my husband and it works great to get the face of the Fitbit protected. Goes on easy! You just have to remove your bands to get it on. You could probably do it with, but it's much more easy without.
This was for my dad. He really need a case so I got him this one and it is really durable
My original band that came on the fitbit made my arm break out, but this one is great. My arm is fine with this new band
Work awesome for someone with fingernails
So far so good. If you are looking for an inexpensive cardio bike for your home, this item is perfect...I'm so happy with this purchase. it doesn't rock, and the monitor is handy. My wife and I both use it regularly. For the price you really can't go wrong..
Good quality item for the price. It's really lightweighted and stays pretty sturdy for the most part, if you want to keep the firmness of the roll, don't put too much pressure on it for a long period of time.
Works well and the dual pump action makes a difference. Half as many pumps to fill up my son's collection of basketball, football and other inflatable yard toys.
Great for workouts on the rebounder!
Great sunglasses, good face fit. Now if only they could return home when you inevitably leave them somewhere
The product came with 5 different colored bands. They were delivered on time. I am very satisfied.
Finally found the perfect tactical light for my AR. It's lightweight, easy to mount, and pretty streamlined so doesn't get in the way. I set it up around midway down my free floating rail so I can activate it with my right thumb. I like it...
I love this blanket. I've been meaning to get something like this for a beach blanket, so I ended up buying it for a picnic date. It's fairly large so plenty of room on it, I love the design, and it's for a good cause. Highly recommend it!
Great price! Great fit for both me and my son! Going to buy another pair since my son ended up loving mine so much.
My son loved it. Was one of his favorite presents. You get alot for your money with this one. Time will tell how the pegs on the board hold up but for this price, you cant beat it.
What a great/simple product that works!
Wow! They are amazing
They are very comfortable.
Watch band ends fit snugly into the watch itself and seems of decent quality. It has the look and feel of the Nike band for a lot less money.
Nice fit for my rifle holds all the rounds really well
easy to assembly and works ok. not a professional table but works ok for beginners.
I ordered these for my husband. I knew they were velcro but I didn't know that they would come with both the front and backing of velcro! That was nice. I figured my husband could use it on his army stuff which already has velcro but now he can affix it anywhere.
My 9 year old loves this!
This is so easy to put on, comfortable to wear, good quality. There are so many to choose from I m glad I got this one.
Good quality, great price
Awesome for camping. Helps you see the kids at night
I have been buying these masks for my 9 horses, donkeys and mules for years. They hold up very well, even with my mules and donkeys who love to play hard and pull the masks off each other.
Just as described. Great product.
For the price you can't go wrong, excellent clarity, easy to focus...
The pictures and description shows exactly what will arrive at your door, a set of kettlebells, unlike other advertised products of the same nature.
I like it very much, happy with purchase.
I will never ice fish again without this flasher. It's so much fun targeting certain species and then being able to see the lines stack up and work the jig until you see it snack it and it's such a blast and this has the capabilities to do all types of depths and is very easy to use.
Just used to this product. I've used the same type from Under Armor for many years.
This line is a great value for the money. I used the 50 lb test for pike fishing on an Abu Garcia baitcaster. It casts well and is very strong. It never broke when the lure got snagged. The dye did fade quickly and did build up a little on the eyes of the rod.
This is a great fitness tracker for the price. I love it will notify you if you have a phone call or text when wearing if the phone in within range of the blue tooth. I can work out in the year and know if someone is calling without have the phone on me. I've had about 4 months now and am very pleased. The only thing I'm not to sure how accurate the heartbeat monitor is on this, but that's not really why I bought it.
Easy to assemble & looks like picture
Home work out Gear, mobile personal trainer, a great addition to add variety. Great price.
works well with my kids
I am so glad that I purchased this item. I almost didn't because of other reviews and me thinking that it would be to big for my small frame, which is an issue I have with smaller gyms. I am 5'3" and about 124 lbs. This fits me perfectly and I honestly wouldn't change anything about it. I've owned it for several months now too. This is definitely gym quality as well. Also it supporting down my back and bottom is key. This is the total package.
A great watch very easy to use and is very cheap but good value.
Love it! Still not quite used to it, but love the feature for getting in and out of the car.
Love this band! My original band wore out so I bought this one .. so comfy! Perfect fit !
To cool my barrel in competitive shotgun shooting. Haven't try but believe it will help.
Product sticks really well
I like it. Its really help with sweating during workout. Highlight recommended.
Great shooting stand I use it for rifle and crossbow. Stability is solid and swivel, tilt action works quietly
This compression sleeve is perfect for me.
Great quality and definitely feel like it helps my lower back
Very good product, I have been in an accident and my chiropractor suggested to ice the wrist and restrict movement.this product does both at the same time.
Handy bag. Fits ladies' shoes easily and also able to fit large men's shoes.
Perfect Pad and I like that you can toss it in the machine to wash!
It was perfect. I used one of them for keeping my sunglasses in place while I was in water at the beach. It worked very well.
Great kit for all of my guns
I have to admit that I was skeptical about this product. I tried it based on positive reviews. I used it today to shoot groups. I followed the directions and reduced my group size from three inches to one inch. I plan to purchase more of these for other rifles.
Love this band. I had a hard time finding one with a frame. I wanted something that would make my Versa look a little dressier than the sporty band it came with. The Versa pops out easy for charging. The magnetic band is great for easy adjustments
Kids loved them. They snaps were sturdy and can take the kids taking the bracelet on/off constantly. The make a great little treat for the softball lover in your house.
I love them they are soooooo comfortable!!
Super comfortable. Breaking them in as competition goggles, and they are working great.
Could be better quality but other then that a good flask
Just wanted a hat that was a throw back to Bobby A
When I received these pretty earrings, I couldn't wait to try all of them. They are different styles and sizes. I can wearing different one to match my clothes. I like all of them, especially love 4 of them. They are shining and special.
fit well, very comfortable, good padding, nice grips on the legs, not to short.
This is perfect for keeping the pitch count at our little league games! Very easy and convenient!
Okay this is simply amazing! My little cousin loves this! He connected this with his iPad and is always running around showing everyone! I took him swimming and he refused to take it off because it is water proof! It looks very nice, 'sporty-type' and is water proof and has so many functions! Would recommend this!
So far I love it! I do CrossFit and this has been great for my DU. I'd buy this again. Super fast. Just read directions and put it together correctly. It comes with an extra rope. The color is vibrant. Very nice! I'd buy it again. I have had this for a month now. No issues.
This is the best goal I have ever used. Highly visible, and very easy to use including pasties to extend the life of the target. This kind of gum has a good back and can stick to anything, but it can also let you pare it down when you need it. Compared with other online sellers, the price is also good, cheaper than any shop I've seen online. I highly recommend other people who need look for goals.
Works great on my duty belt. Have holster to go with it
works well for my 10 y/o who I bought it for … to carry his phone, $ and key in. and it fits under your shirt if wanted. its not bulky at all and super nice for those specific items.
Just what we were looking for and for a good price!
I bought this for my elderly dad who really likes it. The dial is very easy to read in one glance. The leather band feels strong and long lasting. The watch keeps great time, like most other quartz watches.
i like these plastic ammo storage containers. They are obviously not as heavy duty as the metal ones, but I don't have to worry about the lids banging nearby furniture. It stores a good amount and keeps it safe and dry. I'm a fan!
Nice badge retractor that snaps right back in place.A well made product
High quality tent , components seem very durable performed well in a windstorm in the Big Bend area.
Love them. Exactly what I needed. Highly recommend...
I love this jug. It is lightweight and sturdy. It has a handle built in so it is very easy to transport and store.
Love my bottle. Has kept me on top of my hydration and makes it seem effortless. Only thing I don't is that the spout and the times do not line up. So it takes just a little more effort to flip it around to make sure I'm on track. I hope that makes sense, kinda difficult to word it out. I basically would like the spout to be facing the same side as the times so that after I drink I could set it down and see where I stand, instead of having to turn it around.
My daughter can't put this karaoke toy down, great looking, simple to use and great bluetooth speaker!
Purchased this to use on my fishing kayak for night fishing. Works great.
Quick transition into target acquiring great sights
Super cool and sturdy knife very happy
affordable and well made
I bought this for Sweat with Kayla program, a nice equipment to have for home use. I like that it's made in the USA.
works great and is worth the price
This was a gift for my sister; she loves it!
Bought this vest for my husband and me for fishing and kayaking. BEST life vest ever! So comfortable I forget I'm wearing it. Definitely telling others about it.
great socks for running.
Love my new treadmill! I read a lot of reviews before purchasing.. and this works great for running, walking, lots of great features and is much quieter than my old machine. So far so good :)
Good quality product. Fits my S3 like the factory watch band. Good looking and breathable.
Very comfortable. Gives me a beautiful shape! Great quality product!
Thought I would go thru the ones that came with my tanks. I'll be shooting this bag off for the next 6 months. No problems on loading or firing. Yes they do sting a bit when shot onto skin. Not recommended, but if you do, don't cry about it afterwards. You've been warned. Lol
It seems sturdy enough, and I like that it has room for my phone (samsung note 5), and my shopping list etc. It's a bit larger than I expected from the picture, but that's fine with me. It arrived quickly, and was packaged well.
A great variety for a great price. My husband is an electrician and he has to wear silicone rings for work.
purchased this item as a gift. recipient loved it, able to break it down to travel, holds a charge.
THESE ARE VERY VERY VERY COMFORTABLE AND KEEP UR EXTRAS MAGAZINES HIDDEN VERY WELL!!!!!
Nice quality, no sharp edges, and holds your firearm securely I would recommend.
Product as described.
I just had a chance to use this product today and was very impressed. Takes up a small space and is super easy to fold away and pack up. The bounce is great! Seems to be well built and the springs are nice and tight fitting. If your looking for an indoor trampoline, you cannot go wrong with this one!
This worked perfect with my Glock 42
Was impressed with the knee pad that came with the roller. Sturdy construction. Fully satisfied with product.
Love them fits perfect, thank you. Great for walking .
Cute and comfortable. Good job on separating g the toes. Only thing that could make them better would be if the socks had built in arch support, to really enhance the experience.
You have great products and I will be glad to recommend you anyone.
Good quality for price!
These bands are pretty nice. My wife ordered them to do some workouts around the house when she can't get to the gym. They don't seem to bunch up and so far have been durable. For the price they are certainly worth it. They come in a small bag for easy storage. She's been able to follow along with some work out videos which is what we had hoped for. Would buy again if we need another set.
Great purchase. Works well. Definitely would buy again.
I use this in my paintings and it works great
I used my daypack for work and for pleasure. With these pouches, I am now able to keep work related items in 1 pouch and hiking items in another with the ability to remove the entire when not needed for the occasion. Will differently get more in the future.
The bag was a perfect fit for my new hammer bowling ball. It also matched the color and pattern of my 4 ball bag.
Great replacement band. Will order in more colors!
Great craftsmanship!!!! Wear it every day!
Barely any instructions but it was super easy to assemble. Started to use it right away and so far, it's been doing pretty good
Excellent softballs! Nice pop to them. Will definitely be buying more.
I'm pretty surprised at the quality. Great stuff and sexy too !
My kid loves this protective set so much. It's very important for him to protect his legs arms and hands. Every time while he is playing the skateboard, he will put them on and it is very easy to set and looks very cool!
Got it a couple of days ago. I like the comfort and it doesn't smell after using it. I can use it under my shirt during my work out and it does not get in the way. I use it in conjunction with a gel around the waist. Hoping for the best results.
This is so handy! It works very well going from my hard wood floor into my laminate kitchen floor. It picks up dirt without scraping the floor. It comes with two covers, so I can wash one while using the other. Nice product
Brought these as extras cards.
Love this gym backpack. It is practical and allows you to carry all your necessary item. I extremely love that it has pockets to put various items like keys(without it getting loss in the bag), money, etc. I would definitely recommend this product and purchase another one in the future.
I am extremely pleased with the device. The instructions for activating and synchronizing the app were very easy to follow. Very good value for the price.
Major improvement over the OEM stock
Due to the black binding the dome umbrella looks very precious. The dripping water runs directly on the transparent screen, you can see where you are going without getting wet. Could be better if the size is bigger.
This little gal is super handy! I've it out a few times and it is very useful! Feathers well and carves well too!
Great hooks for plastic worm fishing.
Easy to use ... Keeps bat nice and warm....
I am satisfied with my purchase. thank you.
Great chairs! Very pleasently surprised. Again, great chairs!
Color goes with everything, durable, flexible, and easily adjustable.
I bought this yoga mat for my mom. She loves it! It was delivered fast and it is a high quality mat. The colors are great and it rolls up nicely! Awesome product!
my husband loves it. nine line always has great quality clothes.
Love this tape. I taped my dad's shoulder and it stayed on for 7 days
PATRIOT PERFECT NICE ADDITION TO MY CAR NOT TOO MUCH PERFECT
Had to cancel as I had to return exercise bike, due to damage. No longer needed at the moment. When I order a bike, I'll reorder this.,
The best resistant bands money can buy. I love them
Easy carry pack. Good size for short runs.
Customization was beautiful and shipped so quickly! My niece loved the bag!
i used the bag for the gym and it durable.
Used for kayaking and it was small and lightweight but was also large enough for 2 people to eat off of. I would buy again.
These are excellent goggles for relaxed lap swimming. They have been protecting my eyes for weeks now!
On uppers with and without the BCG, they fit exactly and securely. This is very inexpensive insurance to protect your uppers that are not attached to lower receivers.
Just as described. So many uses, built well, great size. Thumbs up.
These are good and you will feel it working
I bought this fitness tracker for my husband! He likes it so much! He wears it everyday! He told me this fitness tracker is really good quality! It's really helpful for him to do exercises every morning! It's very comfortable when he wears it on his wrist ! Recommend it!
Very nice product. Worked really well
Great headband! Comfy, and absorbs sweat so perfect for a hot yoga class.
I am not a golfer but got it as a gift to a friend who just started golfing and he said it was the best gift I can get him.
This is the accessory that I have been waiting for. This is practically invaluable when you are on a backpacking hunt or in the field for extended times. This gives you enough gun oil for a couple weeks in the worst conditions. I can stick batteries anywhere. But finding a place for gun oil where it won't leak or get crushed is much harder.
exactly what advertised, easy to install
Loving this so far, great for winter walking and for summer hiking I'll be using it for camping as well, good for handling hot pots on the fire etc or as a sweatband.
Works great. I actually have been more fond of this one than I have with the bands from FitBit. I have gone through three of theirs, and the customer service line is not worth the time, so I just bought one myself. This has been a great purchase thus far.
The thinest yet most absorbant grip out there
Great fit for my 12yr old Daughter, loves the way it fits.
It was sharp right out of the box
The unit is great but I would like to see slightly bigger bottles, maybe 12 ounces instead of 10 and making the pouch a bit bigger to handle more than just one object. I use an iPod to listen to music with not my phone and this pouch can't handle both a phone and the iPod.
I bought it for somebody at work and everyone loves it. Everyone comes by and hits it because they're stressed enough to do so. However the little rubber gasket at the bottom around the spring that's holding the bag has a little tear in it because everyone keeps hitting punching bag so much. Worth the price and a lot of fun.
Worked as it should. Even at much closer ranges.
I just bought this for my Taurus G2c and it fit and works perfectly. The fit is comfortable and secure. I'm a bigger guy and it fits comfortably while sitting, standing and walking. I will definitely order from here again.
I selected this kit over others because the straps use metal cam lock buckles as opposed to lower strength plastic snap buckles. With the metal cam lock buckles I was able to tighten the straps securely between the trampoline frame and the screw anchors. One note: the pictured anchors show a metal tie ring, similar to a dog tie out anchor. The anchors received did not come with tie rings. I did not detract this from my rating as the better way to use the anchors is to run the strap directly through the top triangular loop of the anchor.
Nice product.when it's folded up, i can even put it in my pocket so i could take it with me conveniently.
I don't know how others feel. I used this knee pads to keep warm,especially when it snows, to shovel the snow,which alleviates the pain in my joints.
These are going to make the best gift. I can't believe the quality and how well made they are. Completely impressed!!!
Just what I expected
I purchased this tee when my players broke my old one on the first day of 8U practice. It seems like I've been through a bunch of these things over the years, and haven't been happy with any of them. This particular model wasn't the cheapest, but it was close. And it was A LOT less expensive than most of the tees on the market. Much to my surprise, I now have a tee that appears to be basically indestructible, and doesn't fall over with the slightest tip. My kids have graduated to a pitching machine most of the time; we rarely use a tee at home. However, since this was so affordable and high quality, I decided to not seek reimbursement from the league and I will keep it for home use after the season's over!
Really good but I'm not sure about the pain that it will do to the criminal. Everything Is good and cheap price. It's also a flashlight built in and also a charger is built in as well.
good about what you get for the price . Happy
I wear a 8 shoe size and bought the S/M pair of socks and they fit great! I have a long flight coming up and bought the socks for the trip. I've worn them around a little bit and they're comfortable, stay in place, and look cool.
Bought this for my grandson, he loves it.
Perfect size and keeps my water cold all day!
Very pleasantly surprised. Much nicer than expected will probably get one more.
This Colts Lunchbox looks great and is a great size for lunch.
I bought these because I started getting holes in my LLR leggings and didn't want to spend $25, I got the 2 pack of the black leggings in OS and they are so soft, comfy and fit perfectly! I'm done buying LLR and will be buying these from now on!!! :)
I've waited a while to write this review, because if the conflicting reviews. The handles definitely make it easier to invert and go upright. Not required as some have said, but definitely nice to have. If you are experiencing back pain, the handles become even more useful. Not sure why they weren't included with all.p models to begin with!
It's an excellent product very good for exercising sit ups stretching
Very pleased. Great variety and fabulous customer service. Rings are comfortable and true to size. Will order again if they hold up long term.
These pants are great, only had them for a couple of weeks but fit great. I have two other brand of tactical pants, which I like, but these ones are the best so far,
Was as advertised and the shipping was fast. Have been carrying the holster for the past week and it is a great fit for me.
Used on my husbands leg wound as instructed by his doctor. Doctor charged $10 for one and these seem to be nicer. Very flexible with good adhesion but easy to pull off
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it! It fits his ball beautifully, he will not be getting his own shoes any time soon so i can't judge if shows can fit with the ball.
This is such a good gift. I initially had to charge mine. Once I downloaded the app on my phone, it took about 3 minutes to set up. It tells me my step count, heart rate, date and time. It also can notify you of text and emails, as well as display them on the screen. For the price, this is a really great item!
Used this on a 2006 Yamaha 90 2 stroke. The adapter fitting isn't exact but did not leak or hurt the threads of the existing plug. So much easier than squeezing the gear oil container into the lower unit.
Good for metals the pole is too thin
Keeping some of the squirrels away.
Well worth the money
Like very much, and they do not stretch in a permanent way as does cotton. Nice fit and great buy as to value.
they are made very good,easy to un-do
This was perfect for my small home gym to hang up bands and other fitness gadgets
Got this for my husband after he had a close call at work with his wedding ring getting caught. He loved the design and it fit perfectly. He loves it.
Keeps bow string nice and waxed.
I buy it year round for my horses. Great price for quantity & quality
Perfect and good price
I really like this bag. Good quality. Small but big enough I use it for different things.
The Mil Dot diameter of the green dot is only 2 inches at 100 yards... excellent and clear. Even though I would not normally use this unit for anything but close quarters (50 yards or less) it's nice to know that I am able to hit dead center bulls eye at 100 yards on a cloudless day... a lot more rugged than I expected.
These worked to keep the Disney bands in place for the little ones in our group. Easy to use.
The bands are quality weight. I feel it still after a little trial. The "Booty band" is a type of silicone gel type of thing. My one gripe about that is it attracts serious pet and people hair! Not sure if my pic makes it visible which is what I tried to do! But aside from that I love it! Time to get my butt back!! Thanx for super fast delivery!
Liked the touch capacity
I use it in outdoor pool. It's very good for the price.
Installation is my worry. If you have the structure to support it, you could try using a ceiling plate mount, but for this, I highly recommend also having a swivel to decrease torque on the attachment point! Amazing accessory X-mount, i do not need buy other more. Be sure you put it into an appropriate beam for holding human weight
These were great for mounting handguns and tools or anything else you want to hang up or conceal. Durable rubber coating prevents your items from being scratched. Works as advertised
I love this paddle because it is so light and the grip is awesome!
Great wooden tees for people with large driver heads.
Great, Fast, definitely recommended
This is a very sturdy bag and holds all the bags nicely. Very easy to transport to our event in.
Perfect for my boat!
This fitness tracker is great! I allowed my daughter to use it and it's perfect. We are trying to work out and this counts steps, has alarms, and has a fantastic battery life. I can't wait to try out more features on the tracker but it is definitely a great purchase made!
My wife loves this driver. It really bombs tee shots. The adjustable weights are easily changed to dial in the correct ball flight. Delivery was super quick.
This band is the most similar to the Apple Watch band. Love it.
Just like pictured.i priced this sake jacket at Bass pro shop and this was a better deal.
Holds my fish finder and 2 long crappie poles just fine
I purchased this lovely band for my Fitbit Versa. Initially I had some difficulty installing the band, but I received immediate assistance from customer service. I was very pleased with the prompt and courteous service I received. This company stands by it products and makes sure its customers are completely satisfied. The band is beautiful and well made. I would not hesitate to purchase more items from this company.
Band is fairly easy to secure, take off and put back on. Comfortable and breathes well. And I really like the look
This water bottle is made of quality plastic material. It's thick enough not to break when you drop it. I also love the little lock feature, it reminds me of a child proof feature. I would certainly recommend this kind of water bottle.
Great product. Exactly as advertised. Quick delivery.
Great product. Holds a loaded tactical shotgun with no problem at all. Mounted it to the back of my headboard. You cannot see the magnet or the weapon at all. Awesome buy.
My hubby likes them so far.
Was recommended these socks by my doctor for my cross-country flight and I was so comfortable!
Great item works as expected
Easier to use than previous markers since ball doesn't move in holder
The roller is amazing and works out the kinks in the back. It works just as advertised.
Use them at work all the time! Awesome cuffs!
This piece of apparatus worked like a dream. It took a bit to figure it out but I have had no problems. I really like the easy to detach chain as I can use it on my waste belt to do weighted dips. Glad I bought this.
This backpack cooler worked perfectly as both a cooler and a backpack. I took a trip out of the country and its size falls perfectly as an airline personal item that does not count as carry on. Was able to carry multiple snorkels, swimsuits, towels, and travel documents. Once I got to my destination and emptied my contents into the hotel, It became an ice chest to carry around on excursions. Was leak proof and kept ice all day long in 90 degree plus weather. Cleaned up well and dried easily with just a wipe of a towel and 30 minutes air dry. Ready to put all personal items back in for excursions . highly recommend this product
This product is amazing in so many ways. I notice a huge difference in my abdominal area after I've worn this. I feel as if it really does help me burn more calories and tighten my stomach up! This product forces you to work harder while doing core exercises, making it very effective in aiding weight loss. All in all, I'm very impressed with this weight trainer. It really does its job!!
I love it, fits perfectly allows me to lift a bit more weight. Looks well made and will last through my grueling lift sessions.
Easy to assemble and adjust height. This will allow my daughter to use for a long time as she continues to grow. She loves the smooth ride with the big wheels! There are lot of scooters to choose from but we cannot be happier with this selection.
Tough belt! Only problem I have is it's a little hard getting through the pant loops at times.
exactly what i was looking for
Good well made product
Great fit. Perfect for workouts
Great price and works
This buckwheat zafu is beautiful!! I ordered the teal and the color is gorgeous. It's comfy and perfect for what I wanted for my seated practice.
I like the durability of it. The fact that it has holes for locks is a major plus.
It helps me alot for losing weight .. love it
Perfect! Scored goal first time on field!
We bought 3 sets of these and couldn't be more satisfied! All 3 kids love them!
I wanted the light umbrella and this is light as I expected!!!
Awesome product, will definitely last a lifetime. Survived my puppy chewing on it.
I love this paracord it's very strong and it came with a strap to hold the paracord together I got it pretty fast to
Classy, and it looks good with a LV bag.
A great product for outdoor practices and very comfortable to be used at home
Great for the price!
Top of the line quality golf balls
Got these for the gym. They're perfect.
This is a nice smooth reel. My friend had one and I didn't even know it. It is good for catching blue cats or shovel heads. We caught a 34 pound blue on it over the weekend and had no problem bringing it in at all. It's good for smaller fish too. I'd recommend this reel, it was a good price too!
Nice quality, husband gets compliments all the time
It is hard to find cheaper third party bands that actually fit the fitbit. I purchased this band ONLY after reading reviews from others who purchased them. They are somewhat easy to install, but when on the watch, they do not break off and looks great.
Okay so I took this baby with me to my Yosemite trip to test it out, and it worked!! Idk what I was expecting out of it but it definitely worked. It kept me cool all throughout out hike up the waterfall! So if y'all are considering on purchase this, please do. You won't retreat it.
Excellent product and fits perfectly.
I love how easy this is to use. I can stretch out so easily and I feel amazing after using it. I look forward to it each day.
Wanted to protect my hair from sun and chlorine while swimming. Very happy with the comfort. a little water seeps in around the edge but my short hair remains dry. Seems large enough to hold more hair . Great value and sturdy to last a long time.
Good quality, sturdy.
I like it very much. Comfortable affordable everything I was looking for
Like this shaker bottle, durable and well made.
Great rings for the price!
I've used the light on my deep jigging lure for rock fish and it seems to work just fine. Still in the testing phase as this product is new to my tackle box. But I'm excited to experiment as I target different species and look forward to the results
There is not much to say other than these are strong, durable and comfortable. All the features you need on the go. They are not overly heavy, and the shoulder strap makes them easy to carry other than via the handle. It can be a bit bulky, but thats expected due to its size. No big problem. Definitely the best deal for your buck.
I have been looking for a bottle like this for quite some time now and I finally found the one. I wanted one that looked a bit different from the plain old black/silver ones I always ended up finding. It easy to spot and it keeps my water cold the entire day. Everyday i wake up at 5:15 and fill the bottle with water and ice. I get back home around 5pm and the ice is still there. I haven't tried it with hot water but im pretty sure I'll do the trick. One thing I'll point out however, is that you should be a little careful with the character's drawing. I wear rings and i have noticed that the drawing is a bit scratched off/faded so keep that in mind. Other than that, love it
The selves are great and so is the price. Thank you
Really easy to use rope style strap for climbers or ladder stands. I've found this type of strap easier to work your way up the tree with than the flat straps. Highly recommended!
Fantastic. Easy to use. I have used it in the garden for foxes and badgers (and neighbours cats.) Deer whilst on holiday in the countryside as well as a mouse stealing the chocolates in a holiday house. useful battery life ( I use rechargeables) enjoy this one.
Recommended for good water intake.
good product, material is strong and it fits my Apple Watch 4. Overall very happy with this product.
Was trying out both a standard hydration pack and this waist pack - this was perfect in my experience. The backpack - even with lighter materials, etc definitely made me hotter than I wanted to be, and it tended to move around a lot more so that I was very conscious of it. The Hot Laps pack on the other hand, holds a ton of water, and plenty of room for other things like tools, keys, phone, etc. and sits in a place where you don't even know you're wearing it. Never bounced around, and has been perfect. Would highly recommend it!
Exactly what's advertised
I bought this activity tracker for myself, this pedometer was purchased as a gift, I am trying to be more health conscious. In fact, I had thought about an activity tracker for a few months and now I finally have it! This one is an excellent product and the features are very impressive. Now i know how I act in a day and can have a indicator to adjust my daily activity to keep me healthy and energetic. I also like how it hooks up like a regular watch and fits me perfect.
Was nervous to buy this but when i got it & used it for the first time i am in love! Boy this really works the thighs!!! If you are hesitant, no need to be because so far so good here.
I brought to go with my sunny cycling bike. Fits well and gives the bike more stability. Easy clean material and I can also just move the mat and the bike comes right along.
Very well made and durable. Does make me sweat more. Am very pleased with my purchase.
Love this neck warmer! I ordered another one in green. Very warm on neck and face. Versatile and pretty! I'm very pleased and satisfied!
Like what I ordered, and like it very much.
Great knife, heavy and sharp. The opening mechanism is working flawlessly so far.
It's a very nice skateboard. The quality is great and I love the design. Got it for half a month and can't stop loving it!
Very good quality and durability for the price!
This mat is excellent! I've been practicing for 30 years but hubby is new to yoga and I wanted him to get a strong start. He loves his new mat!
Love this band! Looks great! It's different than the original , which is exactly what I was looking for. I've been wearing mine 24/7 since I got it& it still looks like it did the day it arrived.
Good quality, feels great.
Good product.... Reliable.....
How awesome is it to have a pocket for phone?! Love our new summer towels. Add to your pool bag and camping gear!!
The water bottle is very durable, and keeps my drinks cold for very long.
Perfect fit. Its a pain tying to remove stock one but easy to install new one looks good too
I have been searching for a good neutral color for my Apple watch. Another reviewer purchased several colors and posted the pic together. This was greatly helpful as I found one perfect for me. I photographed against a white background so that you can see the subtle color. The Stone color lens toward taupe when I wear browns, but leans toward grey when I wear grey/black. So like I said... the perfect neutral.
Well-made and sturdy. Used while I was very pregnant to open my pelvis etc. Now I use it to bounce with my daughter.
Watch band looks amazing, so soft and comfortable, matches my pink rose Samsung Watch. Love it. Would definitely get in another color.
Helped the pain of my swelling go down during pregnancy. Would highly reccomend!
Fit great and arrival was on time
Great replacement band and better than the original in my opinion. easier to fasten and made of non itchy material. Great value and will probably buy another color of the same item because its so inexpensive.
This sweat vest I'm sure will make you sweat! Looks comfortable enough to wear even on the longest work shift. Doesn't seem as if it rides up. Will stay in place. Would definitely recommend to anyone trying to make some fat cry
Does what it supposed to do :) Love that it comes with a label on it to put my name and contact in case I lose the thing!
Case is very nice, plenty of padding to protect firearm and magazines, latches work very nicely. Seem to be made very sturdy. Excellent product for a very nice price.
First fitness tracker and totally worth the money.I am too surprised with the look and feel.It is comfortable and fits perfectly for any size.It comes with a instructions manual and easy to follow steps.
I love these. Never tried anything else because no need too. These last me years.
It's great product and easy to use . I only use one piece in my belly, you will feel hot in just few minutes. This little piece works great. Price for this is very nice too!
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my dad who is a big Browning fan. The quality of it is definitely high. The stitching of the seams is sound, the colors are true to what's on the listing here on Amazon, and I love the raised embroidery of the logo. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Stunning, gorgeous, can be used for many occasions
I used these to take up the slack on my med bags. They seem to do the job well.
This makes accessing the range finder very easy
Arrived just as it is shown in the picture, good material so its not to slippery and overall good quality.
Very happy with the purchase.
Great quality, great price. Larger than i expected. I can fit my bar pad in it which is awesome! And its super cute and feminine! I love the bag!
Works very well, skid resistant, and helps how to maintain a great posture. I love that I can use them from the comfort of my own home when The gym is not an option. highly recommend 😊
Heavyweight paper. Looks great!
I use there sleeves to decrease cramps when I am in bed. They really help to decrease leg distress. I have not used them when I work out but I may start doing so.
use it in back yard as security, works awesome
It's beautiful and it was very simple to take links out. I've worn it several times and there are no rhinestones missing. Would definitely buy again.
Dual vibration, happy to have one. Feels relax and help mine stiff feet joint
A gift for friends. Very pretty, and touches very good! Great product!
Instructions simple for set. Device is almost intuitive to use. Readings are fast. Simple mode for flag stick locks on quickly. I compared with 2 other devices (Bushnell and Leupold). Always within 1 yard of those devices.
Good pair of pants for the gym
This fits pretty much every pistol and revolver I own. It has straps to cinch in the sides (or let them out) so that it holds the firearm snugly . I am not a huge fan of the thumb snaps, but you can cut them off if you want to. I use this inside a bag and not on my hip, so I have no use for them anyway. If you are concerned with finish wear, you may want to put some moleskin or athletic tape on the inside of the holster to cover an obvious wear point.
Received in perfect condition. It was perfect for the trampoline for my granddaughter.
This strap worked great for my new AR pistol build. Thank you and God bless! :)
I love these. True to picture, color is perfect. The polarization is really high quality. I will definitely be buying more of these!
I was very pleased with both the speed in which I received my tie clip set and the quality. I will recommend these to my friends.
Reel is pretty good the hard case is great. upgrade the line and your good to go. for the price its actually a decent rod combo
Works perfectly for no mar dovetail ring installation.
Works well, looks nice, fits a good amount of stuff because that large in her pocket, outside pocket is big enough for an iPhone 8 Plus.
I have been using a similar product and the gym over the past few months but getting there can be difficult. I purchased this product and find it to be as good as the higher price product that the gym has. I am currently a little over 300lbs but use there regularly and have no qualms about there strength. I would have to say that I do not use this product from a door, I don't think that is wise. I purchased a 3/16 in by 3" by 2' metal plate and bolted that across two studs and had my neighbor weld on a metal loop to attach them to. Love it.
I've only been using this bike for 10 days. I log at least 10 - 11 miles per day. Pleasantly surprised at how sturdy the bike is. I've had several neck surgeries and worried if the seat back would be supportive...met my expectations. I am not a hands on person, but I was able to put the bike together pretty easily. Instructions are very clear. If you are looking for a bike to ride daily for exercise, at a very reasonable price, this is your tool!
This a great tracker. The tracker is Lightweight with trendy color and provided with everything in a resonable price The tracker band is adjustable and comfortable with app that is very easy to install so that you can sync your phone This tracker helps with heart rate, sleep monitoring with smart notifications for the call, messages and social apps messages Overall a good product ..
good quality and great price
I purchased these as a gift. I am by no means any type of fishing pro, but I must say these are very bright and lifelike. If I were a fish, I'd eat it lol. No but seriously, looking by how its made and the details of each lure, I'm sure these will be a great addition to any fisherman's lure collection. Will update with a review later after the person who receives it as a gift tries it out!
Brought this to the hospital with me when I had my son. It was a life saver! Very durable and good quality.
Holds my daughter's laptop securely.
These are the old fashioned flyswatters from days gone by that actually work and don't break things. It's a design that never needed to be improved on. Thank you for still making these.
LOVE this so much that I bought a second one!
"This is my fourth fitness tracker (all brands are different). I don't want to buy an expensive band, and it's important to decide which one is best for you. In the previous band, I was having trouble syncing to my mobile phone. The battery lasted for one day and the reading was not accurate. This fitness band surpassed all the other bands I bought. The first time you connect to the phone and set it up, no problem. Very easy to use and easy to use. I received the watch on Monday night and it is still going on - surprisingly he has been running for 7 days, can monitor my heart rate and sleep, I can use fitness elements; exercise, walk and bike. I found this watch to be very reliable, especially when I was working at school, now I don't need to worry about the battery affecting me. I like to sync easily with my phone and receive messages via my watch. My new fitness watch is very satisfying and will definitely recommend it."
Let me just say first off this thing flew out of my truck going 65 mph cause im stupid. After much cursing and buying a new prop, it works flawlessly. Sure he has some gnarly gashes and more character now. But its a champ. Buy this motor.
Love this for working out.The fabric and zipper are durable. Makes my middle section sweat on the elliptical. I have lost weight and needed a smaller size and the brand I got previously was here anymore. This is almost exactly the same. Zippers on these are good.
Nice quality. Delivered on time and as advertised
I own 2 of these and they're great for running. Can fit a pixel 2 XL it and plenty of energy gels for those long runs.
Great product and warm
Love it! Works really well. Just got it so if it craps out I will update it.
These are fantastic and soft.
I bought this product for my Grandson who has a torn miniscus .. he stands on his feet sometimes up to 10 hours at work.. he really likes it and says it's helped him a lot!
Theyre just the right length and its tight enough but loose enough that i dont need the draw string
Bought these on a whim and I'm super happy that I did. They fit great and the quality is excellent.
I love the material and I love that it looks like a baseball cap. This is very good when I go to the gym to keep the sweat from my face.
I took my time looking for the right belt and did a lot of browsing - I knew I wanted a leather belt, but the price tag on most that I liked just seemed too steep. I fell in love when I saw this one and it's only continued after using it! Overall, very comfortable, supportive, AND looks great. I was worried it would be stiff and take time to break in, but that hasn't been the case at all. It's very supportive while form fitting. Using it instantly eliminated the lower back pain I was experiencing after deadlifts and squats. Look no further!
The tool makes it easier to disassemble the 45 for cleaning. Nice handy tool to have. No Problems or Issues.
I use this pump in my fishing boat, it works very well as an auxiliary pump.
Couldn't be more pleased with my experience when dealing with Mythic Outdoors. There customer service was more then accommodating when I had questions with my order. I had no issues when ordering my AR wrench. My order was processed super fast and was delivered sooner then the estimated delivery date. Would definitely recommend them to my buddies.
As described and good price.
This pants are so durable and NOT see through. I loved that they have a built in pocket so I can hide a ket or put my fit bit in it for when I'm pushing my stroller. That way all my steps count.
These socks are awesome!! Fit underneath my socks just fine and does not add bulkiness to my shoes with them on.
Works well lifting heavy animals during a hunt
I bought these for my boyfriend as a gift. Uses them everyday for basic resistance and training. He loves them. Pretty big but easy to store and move around.
Great knife. I get lots of compliments. Well balanced. The sheath alone is worth what they charge for the blade and sheath.
Absolutely love these! Fit is true to size and very comfortable. Saved my husband from scrapes and bruises playing basketball. I even used them while weeding the flower beds on my knees. Good buy!
These just arrived. (I ordered two.) I really like how durable these appear to be. I'm hoping they hold up under daily use. I will leave it with 5-stars based on the way these are constructed. Very nicely. If I never leave another comment about these...it will mean they held up.
I love this. I bought it for work.
Nice and large fit underneath the playpen for baby
Came on time easy to use would buy again
makes my handle very soft and it makes my bat stand out so I can find it from others. great price
Super happy with these! I've only ever been able to wear Nike to work out in, and the selection they have now is so vast I now have 6 different pairs (I have a problem getting rid of my old ones). I keep separate pairs for weightlifting and cardio, tends to keep them in better shape longer. These are very form fitting, the strap on the back helps to keep the heel in place. The tongue is attached so it doesn't fall inside or move around. I wish these had the extra hole for the lace lock but I think they might not need it. Can't wait to do my first run! *edit* Did my first run. AMAZING. The soles bend enough to move with your stride so you don't cramp. Love them even more now.
I have firearms with higher end sights on them and was looking for a laser to put on my airsoft guns. After using this on both my airsoft rifle and pistol I find that it holds its zero and seems to be a good quality product. I am not sure how it would compare on a firearm due to some of it being plastic compared to the higher end models but for the price it is a very nice laser sight and very very bright. I noticed that the laser is not a constant laser it is a very fast flash style laser that when you move the dot across an item that you will notice that it is not a solid line, however this did not seem to be a problem.
My friend loved these
Purchased these due to ordering a yoga swing from amazon that did not come with any. Work perfectly!
Exactly what you're looking for when wanting a classic leather cup. High quality. Playing with marines with 'Ship, Caption, Crew' and standing the rounds, you know it's good! Excellent bargain.
I just started using it. It is super cute...just like the picture. Like the last band I had, it seems that the loops that hold down the tail of the band are not super durable and may break over time. But, for the price, if it lasts 6 months, it is still a good value.
We bought this for my son for Christmas. He LOVES this gun! We've had zero issues with it! Would definitely buy from seller again!
Well built and made to last
Great fit, soft and comfortable. No change after washing. Bought a second pair!
We are very pleased with our purchase. The quality and durability of this product is outstanding!
Great size, great quality, great price
Strong elastic, hold on well over his shin guards.
Great product, easy to put together. I bought it for my husband, but I use it too.
I love this I really needed this
These for my husband who is a size 13. The quality of the knit is great!
Great for the gym. Not for going in and out of all the time but perfect for running or weights. Would have loved it slightly bigger but does fit plus size phone, key, credit card & even a lipstick!
I have been using this product for many years. It is odorless, easy to use and does a great job!
does a great job for putting powder in shells
Great product for active activities. My Samsung Edge 7 fits perfectly. It is comfortable to wear.
I am a physical therapist and got this for my dad. It really worked well
Best engineered umbrella. I just wish it was bigger in span.
Runs Large. Could've gotten away with a Large. I normally wear XL. I've bought before and was true to size. XL is almost a 2XL.
This holster is awesome. Fits snug but comes out easy. Feels very well made and you can't beat the price. No printing
These are amazing for our daughter's ice skating! No more sore ankles!
The ring quality is perfect! I ordered a size too small and emailed them for an exchange, within a few hours my replacement was on its way! Good customer service from this company.
Great rangefinder, works as well as one that costs twice as much. Easy to pick up flags.
They do their job. There's nothing wrong with them. What else can you say about a ball?
I got this for my two year old grandson and he loves it .
The quality of this dress is very good. The size is also suitable. After putting it on, my girlfriend said that the clothes were very beautiful and the people became handsome. And after sweating, clothes don't stick to your body. The price is also cheap.
Very versatile. Accommodates all sizes of folding knives and multi tools. Can be worn vertical or horizontal.
High quality construction at a reasonable price
Our son just turned 6 and loves this! The club handle extends to accommodate different heights and it dispenses balls easily. I also love that the balls store underneath - makes for easy cleanup and transport. It is plastic, so I don't know about long-term durability.
Small. Great for tracking steps and connects with phone.
I needed a bag to carry medication and all the stuff that I carry in my jacket pockets this bag more than fit the bill. A great versatile bag.
Works great wife loves it
Bought it for a weekend trip to some springs. Didn't want to drop 70$ on another life proof case tbh. (New phone) Ended up keeping it on the case for about 2 months now. Totally waterproof/lifeproof. 10/10 recommend.
Fit and perform perfectly. I am 5'11, 185 lbs, and I like my shorts at least an inch above the knee so I ordered a M. They are my new go-to shorts for lifting and basketball.
Great as in amazing assembly instructions, very heavy duty construction. Smooth operation right out of box. Very heavy duty!... You'll need two people to move the thing. First thing you see in box is Customer service number in big lights right in assembly instructions stating if you have any problems call them... Didn't need it but nice to know it was available... Say if arms didn't fit like some reviewers pointed out.
Was much more comfortable than the white cheap one I was sent home from hospital with after surgery. Comes with everything you need.
I use these for walking and jogging, very comfortable.
I just started carrying and was looking for a bag that is light and would work great for my gun. It delivers on both. I highly recommend it, and the price is reasonable too.
Fits wonderful. Very good quality gloves.
Keeps getting hole shot in them
Great value, very nice.
Comfortable watch band.... great screen cover.
Love the band the cover is a little big an blocks some of the view to the face of the watch. Very easy to install.
They are colorful and pretty, with a beautiful pattern. Also, nice and soft. I gave them as a gift and the person receiving them loved them. I have no idea of how they will wear or clean, but they are a himalayan looking knit and a really nice leg warmer
I had the magnetic wristband. This is much more comfortable. Im ordering more.
Took me a couple of hours to solve his challenge but it was fun! The cards and the box are also beautiful. I'm very happy with this purchase
I like the weights but I have very small hands and wrists so they were pretty uncomfortable to run with because they keep moving around. I would order a black or grey pair next time because they get pretty sweaty and I can see these looking gross sooner than later
This is a well-made belt that provides excellent support. Be sure to measure your waist at the navel. If you use your pant measurement, the belt you select will be too small.
excellent and dependable
SOft & has cushion. Love it for running
Super cute and convenient. Material is a very nice quality as well.
works great. so hard to find a cap for a swell bottle. this is it
great for the price!
My kids use them, we take them everywhere.
Absolutely LOVE it! Three levels of light, adjusts with a wave, inexpensive !
Just like the original one!
This is a quality piece of equipment and I am very impressed with it. The height adjustment is extremely high quality.
My brother in law loves it! Best Christmas gag gift out there
Just what I wanted. Patriotic colors too as well as a value for the price! Thank you.
My wife felt like a color change for the Summer... this is perfect. Quality/build seems to match the original band. Material seems exactly the same as the original. Switching bands is super-easy -- 20 seconds at the most. You could buy all the colors and match your outfit each day.
They look good. Just heat them up to put back in shape
This is my first attempt at using a watch that is a bit smarter than I am. I've never had to sync a watch with an app on my phone, but with TN's new hands-free law, this watch makes it easy to see if messages and calls need my attention. The app is easy to use and it was very user friendly. Plus, it looks nice.
Great, quality winter hat at a great price. Highly recommended.
gorgeous band! It's easy to install. I love this thin band and it is far more comfortable than the wider standard band for someone like me with narrow wrists.
Easy, convenient, put in my bag, does not affect the space, let me use it better, fishing, I am very happy, he can fix the hook very well, sharp, good, in the fish switch, Be a cushion, that's better.
Fantastic hitting net. Our team uses is at every practice and before every game. Very sturdy. Highly recommend!
Using in a men's league ASA. First hit out of the rapper, no B.P., and it was to the fence. Most of the team has switched to this bat. Consistently drives the ball with ease. Sweet spot is fairly large for "12 barrel. It has become hotter as the season has progressed. Great bat for the money!
Well made and was a gift for my son!
Before you even get some exercise, you will need some muscles to move this bike around. Folding it and moving it really requires two people. The pins are difficult to remove to fold it then it is pretty bulky to get it out of the way. However, with all that said, I LOVE this bike. It is comfortable to ride, has an easy to read display, and it is portable (once I enlist my husband's help). It is definitely a great value for $100. I am 5'2 while my son is 6'2 and we both ride it comfortably. He is close to the top of the weight limit at 250lbs and we've had no problems with him riding. It was easy to put together but definitely needed two people for that as well.
This is a great product, couldn't be happier with it. Bought this for my two kids who are sensory seekers. One loves the smooth side for standing and the bumpy part for toes to play with while sitting. My other loves standing on the bumps and also likes to carry it around and smoosh their face on it lol. No problems with inflating or staying inflated, also the bright pink colour is a plus. Will be purchasing more! 😊
Perfect weight training belt for anyone who works out even once a week great support and comfortable would recommend to anyone
ThIs a fantastic little light. It is bright, lightweight, durable, has a great battery life. There is a brighter one coming out in the fall though so choose if you want to wait. I'm ok buying another and having 2.
A product that really deserves five stars.
Great product very handy having the case to put everything away.
Beautiful band that attaches easily to my Versa. The colors all me to wear with both pink and red but are not garish at all. Stylish and comfortable addition to my Fitbit Versa
Great outdoor glasses. The different lens make it easy to keep eyes protected no matter the time of day.
This is great. I misplace my keys so often and it's nice to finally be able to find them no matter what. The alert is loud enough to hear it from anywhere in the house. Works really well.
I got this to replace a fitbit that i lost. It does everything my old fitbit did and more. The screen is clearer and the battery lasts. Comfortable to wear and the display is very detailed. Also the charger being built in to the band is great, I dont have to keep buying new charging cables anymore.
This license plate holder is great!! I thought it would be maybe on the cheaply built side but it is amazing. It's heavy which I like because you know it's built well.
I am highly impressed with the purchase of this lovely device, it's basically an all-in-one timepiece, and fashion accessories, my friends loved it also.
A MUST FOR WORKING WITH BOAT LINES
Looks good, haven't tried it yet, but service and delivery were great.
I like this fishing rod, it's portable and it's easy to carry. Also, the strength of the rod seems quite good.
Amazingly soft and comfortable
Fit and even color match the Costa's I got for my wife.
Great cover for our golf cart! It is waterproof and has completely protected our cart through some very heavy rain and high winds for the last few months. Easy on and easy off. One person can quickly cover or uncover the cart. Good quality and value!
My wife loved her birthday gift! Very comfortable and easy to resize.
Well made, quick arrival.
Great fit, good quality. Very soft.
Nice bipod, solid construction. Decent feet to stand on. Springs are tight, so there's no wobble. It's easily adjustable and I like the telescoping feature. Rubber pads for protecting wear contact is made is nice too.
Great quality and fit as expected.
Tore my ACL and had it replaced. This knee sling/ice pack has helped keep my knee swelling down at night as it securely around my knee. Highly recommend
Recently received these within a very reasonable time frame and, since delivery, have worn them for a 5 mile walk/jog and to the gym for daily workouts. To date, I have been very pleased with them as they provide the extra support my knees require. There is some bunching in the rear of the knee but that is expected. When I measured my knees prior to ordering I found that I was borderline between two sizes and am very glad I went with the larger of the two. They are comfortable but a tad snug on the calves and, as a result, do not slip much during use. I now look forward to my senior softball as I believe these will give me great support on the field.... if only I could hit better!
perfect fit, feel and look
The ring has been great for my super active lifestyle! I am working with my hands all day for work and it doesn't get in the way. It has worn quite a bit in the past 2 years but I mentioned it to Kenny and he immediately sent me a replacement. I will be recommending these rings to all of my friends and family!
These ear muffs kept my ears nice and toasty warm, the band is adjustable so I was able to adjust it slightly bigger for my head, they're not ugly, and they didn't cost me much.
Puts me on target at 25 yards each time I've used it. Take the time to center the magnet as close to center of the barrel as possible. It works best to approach the magnet base to the muzzle end of the barrel, from a 90 degree angle, slowly letting it come to rest flat. For me, it made it easier to center the magnet on the first try with a little film of gun oil to help prevent any possible scratches. Make sure base of magnet and barrel end are clean. For first use, I would compare it to placing a quarter over the top of a dime. Centering the magnet as close as possible to the muzzle end. I just eye balled it best I can. That's all you need to do. It works as advertised. You don't need to center this device perfectly. You don't need a lot of little parts that get worn out or lost. This laser (green) projects perfect on target at 25 yards and farther depending on light conditions. makes it simple to put the scope's crosshairs on the green dot. I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this particular Bore Sighter. What convinced me to go with this one included the Issues from other type tools that insert into the muzzle that users then complained about replacing or losing guides and rubber gaskets made me consider this one over that other type. Considering the price, it seemed to be the best option for me. Price, Great Reviews, and it functions as advertised. It puts you on target quickly, and you don't lose or need to replace little necessary parts. The little case is perfect for instrument and battery storage.
Can't say I use them as a solo for anything, but I love the way they fit and feel. I'd buy them again just as regular undies.
Ideal for multiples option, great fit. These work great for whatever you are feeling that day.
I ordered the socks to prevent blisters and they definitely did. They also kept my foot from sweating, and are very comfortable to wear .
Very comfortable they came pretty fast pretty happy with my purchase!
Great product, I love it, very convenient and comfortable
Seems to be excellent quality and well made . I haven't used it in my squat rack yet due to my bottom holes being too high.
Great work block at an outstanding price!
Bought this for my sister and she loves it
Nice variety, funny.
Love this umbrella, it is so cute & dainty ~ I got the red & navy ...its really pretty, big enough for 2 people, easy to open ...
My husband is obsessed with this light! He uses it every single day now. It is very bright and makes it easy to see in very dark places. We live in a more country type setting in so it is very dark out at night. There are not any streetlights. He uses this to take out our dogs. It is very cool and has a lot of features. Definitely a must have!
These are a simple way to incorporate fitness into a daily routine. I did deduct one star for “comfort,” since the Velcro edges of the straps will rub your ankles raw if you're not wearing the correct type of socks!
So cute! Comfy and fits great
I like that the holster has adjustable screws to keep pressure on the gun. The only down side is that I had to file the inside of the top of it to have the front sight not catch when removing the xds 4 inch barrel
True to the color advertised and no overhang where it connects to the watch. The clasp is very similar to the one on the band from apple that came with the watch. The only difference I can tell between this band and the $50+ bands apple sells is that this one is a slightly thinner material, but other than that it looks exactly the same! Worth the purchase!
Easy to use! Good quality!
This definatelly helps me to develop reflex and speed, I saw this kind of reflex ball being used by kids in boxing schools. So I think it should be useful.
Very pleased with this purchase
They fit pretty well
Great price and lightning fast shipping. For to me two days earlier than promised. AWESOME!!
Have used only twice, but initial impression is of high quality. Works better than a different model I used previously. Stable anchor that did not migrate in pretty heavy waves.
enough support without being too heavy.
I love the color and it is classier than the plastic bands I normally wear with my fit bit. Fits great.
Work well as expected!
This compact travel bag is perfect for if I'm riding my motorcycle and it rains... I can store it easy and it provides exactly what I need so as to not get my stuff soaked .
These came today and they look fantastic. Love the concept of the grip studs. The last pedals I had used push-in aluminum studs. These are machine screws that look like they can be replaced much easier should they wear down. The look and feel of these is a sense of quality. Haven't put them to any real test yet as I just installed them but I'm looking forward to it.
Husband enjoys style
Very good quality, and they STAY PUT.
These bands were great!
I liked that this product has a strong suction on the face for swimming. We purchased 3 of these because they worked so well. I also liked that it buckles from the back because of the girls hair, this works best.
Worked perfect for my exercise bike
I personally drink about four of these daily, maybe more, because ALL I drink is water. This bottle is my constant companion. It goes EVERYWHERE I go! The strap makes it easy to carry, and the marks help keep me on track with my water consumption. I like the filter for the top too for when I want to add ice. The texture of the bottle is especially yummy, I adore soft things! And I guess it serves a purpose too, reducing condensation...so there's that. From a woman who is a water bottle fanatic, trust me, this one is the best!
Great to have back up battery packs and when you are in the field and can not charge your regular packs having this one that takes AA batteries is great
Awesome fit, lightweight, cool design. As someone who typically wouldn't wear a helmet, this gives the comfort I need. Absolutely love this helmet and won't be caught without it.
Really cool. 4th and 5th ones owned and gifted!
So, i had tried a couple of similar products, only to end up with scratched finishes on my guns. So, i found this and it has proven to be a far superior product to Anything I've seen on the market. It holds my full size 1911, loaded with a flashlight mounted. Needless to say, im impressed!!!
Very nice gift to my son!
Amazing quality for the price. It looks great. If you're debating what to order, pick this one and you will Definitely be happy.
I love this tummy toner.I am a busy mother no time to work out and i gained a lot after i gave birth to my youngest. Being a mother of a toddler doing household chores fill up my whole day schedule but i wanted to tone my tummy because its pretty big.I saw this to my friend and she said it really works that why i got it the quality is good i can say it is well made hopefully this will help me a lot with my problem. ..I can use more than one abdominal muscles posted simultaneously at one time,that means I can train muscles together.Wonderful!!!This actually works great. It's so weird to feel it contracting my muscles. I love that is has several different levels so that I can start slow and then build up to a higher intensity. I love that I can incorporate this along with my gym routine. I also love that I can just wear this and get a stomach workout while I'm cleaning the house. So highly recommend!
The price was great compared to what it would have cost through the hospital supplies. It really did the Job.
Seems like a great product. It has lots of space, and the front mesh pockets holds a tball bat perfectly.
Best holster I've ever bought!
I liked this product alot during my yoga routine, it doesn't slip or fall, I feel comfortable and happy with this purchase
I bought these for running and camping.. and I wear them all the time, for a headband, for an ear cover, neck cover, anything!! They are so soft and stretchy. They aren't too warm but still breathable. Definitely recommend!
Had everything that we were required to have as foster parents (except thermometer), plus more! Amazing deal for this price!!
I deliver mail and this is great for hot or cold days. And not bulky.
Really like this knife. Its pretty and sharp and the spring works great. You can tell the steel isnt the best quality, but its not bad either. Cuts well. It is a big knife and is heavy, just be aware.
Very comfortable, built-in slight cant in the clip makes it fit better and print less. This is not designed to tuck your shirt into though, so will not work if you need a more formal attire.
Perfect! For a 3 years old boy. Should fit him fine for a while. They're great for letting them get some energy or frustration out on the bag instead of each other.
Really surprised with the quality of this.
My husband loves it! The large fit him perfectly.
It is nice.I like it
Durable. Easy set up. Great for pre schooler. This will even hold an adult.
This is everything I could ever need in a water bottle! It reminds me to drink which I am horrible at remembering. I've been drinking more than ever thanks to this bottle! It keeps my cold drinks cold and warm drinks warm and I can see exactly how cold/warm they are! No more cold coffee, and no more warm water! Very easy to work and holds a charge great!
This has to be one of the best belts I have ever bought. Unlike some belts this one is the PERFECT FIT every time. Sometimes I'm between belt holes on regular belts but being able to adjust this one to a click at a time is awesome. No slipping and readjusting on this belt.
I love this umbrella! It's affordable, unique and works exactly as stated. I would definitely recommend.
Bought for my wife. Loud safety alarm.
Works great for hot yoga.
Works great, I just have to practice using it.
Got these for my son for his karate class and he loves them
This band is perfect. It does not feel cheap and seems to hold very well with no issue.
i had this exact hat for YEARS and it was finally time to replace it. so i did what anybody would do....i bought another one. great hat at an amazing price.
Easy to put together, easily adjustable, and great to use.
Very realistic packaged safety not cheaply made
Fits great and breatheable! Easy to put on and adjust.
Totally worked! I actually bought this for a stroller that had been left outside and had mildew spots all over it. I took it apart and washed it with bleach with no luck. Sprayed this on, let it sit, rinsed and like brand new! Thank you for saving my expensive stroller!
Fits as nice as any watch band I have owned. Easy and secure.
Suggested to me by my trainer. Did not disappoint.
this is a needed tool for changing your shotgun forearm..
These really work. Just came in from the barn. It's actually not as hot as usual, Only 90 today, but these work great. Second day I've used them. Make a big difference for me. Very light weight also. I like that.
Quick and easy to assemble. Extremely stable and comfortable. No longer afraid of using heavier weights and having my old bench wobble. I'm just over 6' tall and the length is of the bench is great.
As advertised! Would definitely purchase again!
Exactly what our new shuffleboard needed.
I wasn't expecting a Halloween costume to be of such high quality. It even has real pockets in the pants and jacket. Having been in the rag trade in the past, I know how much work that adds to clothing. The fabrics were very nice - the jacket is every bit as good as one at the store. The belt buckle was real metal; I expected plastic. She's going to be able to wear the white oxford shirt to school. Very pleasantly surprised.
Love these rings. I like the variety and they fit well.
This product is fantastic, I purchased this last week and have been wearing it every day, I feel a major difference, I tend to suffer from back and neck pain, but this has surely eased of the tension, I can also feel a massive difference to my posture when I'm at my desk working (no more slouching) Great product and great investment for health.
Excellent product. Comfortable and holds my phone keys money when exercising. Couldn't feel I was wearing it. Held my items secure and held my bib in place securely.
Great cards. We use these for our hand and foot get togethers. They work great.
This watch is very accurate and keeps track of steps and exercise distance. The band is very durable as it feels very sturdy. The pulse and blood pressure readings are accurate as it is the same readings I get on other blood pressure devices. The is a great purchase and connects to your phone to help keep track of notifications. The app is easy to navigate and change settings.
This jacket comes as advertised. It is warm in cold weather. The added length provides excellent protection from wind. Not to mention WATER REPELLENT!
This is the best training knife I have ever used! The grip is really comfortable. It has held up really well and has not bent or warped .
This holster works perfect for an open carry/SHTF rig. It is a little stiff but will break in.
I bought it months ago and it's still looks like it did new. Took a while to get comfortable with putting it on/ taking it off - but now it's easy. It's stylish, comfortable and fits great. My favorite Apple Watch band by far!
Used for my four year olds Tball gear. Worked perfectly.
My daughter just loves her portable soccer nets. They are super easy for her to put up and take down herself!!
Very helpful in securing your rods from getting broke, Especially those that do not break down and are in one piece .
Went fishing on the lake with my new tackle kit and fishing pole from Plusinno. I was very impressed with the quality of both the fishing pole and bait in the tackle box. The tackle kit is a great addition to anyone's tackle box.
Effective, excellent service!
I like how it quieted down my crossbow. Arrived sooner then expected.
Excellent!! Worked very well for my husband!
I'm 5'9”, 140lbs and I got a medium. The fit is perfect. The fabric is very light and very comfortable to work out in.
Love this replacement bank for my Charge 2 - for the first time, my FitBit doesn't look like a cheap thing. So far, so good with how it wears (including during exercise). Can definitely recommend.
Great sturdiness!!! I just wish the universal mounting took into consideration the rear seat mount. Rear seat belts are a little front sided.
Quality alternative. Fast ship. Satisfied!
Great looking and adds that extra nice little touch to personalise my bike.
Sturdy and properly sized
First time using a specific base layer. It seems to work fine.
nice shirt for the price
Just as good as the ones you spend $7 for each! I HIGHLY recommend!
Excellent for kids volleyball
My other half loved it
I got it to swap out much larger ones i used to shlep my conga drums. The small one fits them perfectly!!
The belt has a nice clean look and stays in place while I exercise. I like the response from Active Gear. They seem to stand behind their products. I will be purchasing other products from this company. Thanks for the discount on future purchases
Wife really likes it over the original white pearl grips. Great work, thanks!
This seems like a solid rope. Turn over was fast. No problem transitioning to the use of this rope.
The fabric is a good choice and the cost is equal to or better than in stores.
Purchased one for myself & one for my oldest Granddaughter and we both LOVE LOVE this umbrella! Since it opens in the reverse it makes it so much easier to get out or in your vehicle when it's raining, gotta love that in itself!!! No more soaking wet seats from a drenched umbrella or leaving the car door open to close your umbrella. Plus you don't need a plastic umbrella bag when shopping because of the inverted way the umbrella closes. This umbrella is a great gift if you don't know what to buy someone!!
They came on time and packaged great. Tried them on and they fit perfect can't wait to try them out at the gym will update my review once I have but so far so good.
Quality balls, good price
I ordered this because I was experiencing achilles tendonitis. I am only using it on my right foot. When I put the brace on, I was immediately struck with how supportive it felt. It is supportive without being too tight. I've worn it for about 5 days now and the difference is amazing. I've been wearing it from the morning until I get home from work. The lump/swelling at the back of my heel has very noticeably gone down to where it is almost non-existent. I do feel an occasional twinge of pain if I try to walk to fast or stretch too much, but the constant pain I felt while walking is gone. I am so, so glad I purchased these socks. I would definitely recommend them to anyone with a similar malady.
Description of product is spot on
Love this thang! Not a full workout but beats the monotony and immobility of desk work!
It is a really nice one and it's comfortable and light :)
Yoga is an important part of my life. I trained three times at home in the first week. In most cases, you can do the action alone. However, some actions still require the assistance of resistance bands. With these three sizes of bands, all kinds of actions can be done easily. I like them too much, and I recommend them to people who like yoga.
Sticks fit with a bit of wiggle room came in great condition
Great product w great price and fast shipping
the resistance band is small and lightweight, easy to carry for excercise during a trip
Very nice quality paddle!
Makes the task of reloading a lot easier,
Don't buy key fobs for you car clean the contact points works like new. CRC is a great product line.
This is a must have if buying a trampoline.
Perfect! Like the net carrying bag too!
As good a ball as there is !!
Great product but first time I went to use the spray bottle I ordered, the spray nozzle does not work. Very bummed
I put this on the back of my electric wheelchair.It looks good and carries all i need it works very well.
It's nice having a barrier between me and my mat, especially when I have to borrow one. The non-skid texture really helps keep the towel in place, it's lightweight, durable and easy to launder.
Nicely packaged. Everything of good quality.
I like the fact that this product lives up to the reason why it was built, curves, dips and bends as it should. Only dislike about it is its exchange for speed and curve. Once any spin is added to the ball it loses a lot of speed and shortens it's distance. Great to have a few trick shots in the back yard or on the field all around great product.
I actually bought this band in 3 other colors and was very satisfied! They came fast and were packaged great. Will definitely buy more from this seller when I want more colors:)
There are fewer things in life that are as frustrating as staying dry in a downpour just to get soaked when you try to get in the car AND THEN close your umbrella. You can close this in just as much space as you need for your arm to be out of the car (just about). Also, going to the store and having a regular umbrella leaves a trail pointing to you as the culprit that left a slippery hazard all over is gone. All of the rain, sleet and snow is kept in the umbrella and leaves nothing behind on you! Also love the handle, it's a C shape making it easy to hold and hang.
Good tool for practice
would buy again.....these compression sleeves for plantar fasciitis gave me excellent pain relief....was so thankful for them.....Injection from doctor didn't help,,,,,,,but these did!
My son loves this net...it's perfect for his needs, great quality.
Great quality tool. Pulled my bottom bracket off easily, and fit well into the grooves with no play.
Arrived on time and was as described. Excellent
Great Bluetooth easy to use. This earphones are great for running. They donot get in your face.
Feels great and I like the color.
Love fun bandaids. Bought them for a youth retreat.
These are great compression socks! Good quality and arrived quickly. thank you!
Product as described vibrant color love the variety of color. The product came a little later than expected but it arrived before the date needed.
Works great for lubing crossbow. Nothing really to report as its live.
Very pleased with both the watchband and the retailer. The product description was completely accurate, the price was very, very competitive, the quality and the looks of the watchband exceeded my expectations, and the watchband arrived exactly on the day promised. I couldn't be happier!
I like that fact they provide three different formula Thick,Thin and Super Flew. You will want to store it in a sealed container in cool dark place. It does how every have a nasty odor so use it in a well ventilated area.
It came fully assembled and is easy to operate. That's what i need.
So nice, I ordered a second one for my kid.
They are for my grandsons ball pit! He's going to love it!
seem to be of excellent quality and quite cold.
This was for my nephew. He said he like it very much. And it was very colorful. It would be a great toy for kid.
Great quality, it fits well too.
Just what I ordered and needed for my little boat...
Bought it for my husband and he love this belt. Great fit and look like good quality. Also the price is great.
Product came in fast and works perfect thank you
Very bright and compact
These leg compressions will work great for my long runs.
Excellent product and excellent quality.
It look very nice and fit good
hubby likes the product
I'm super happy I gave this set a try. There was a coupon at the time I purchased and it was a great deal. The set is very nice and I like the wide range of bands to use. The handles are pretty soft, but not too soft. So far the set is holding up well and I definitely recommend it!
sturdy and dishwasher safe!
Hooked it up to my golf cart. Very secure. No worry about it coming off.
Great product. Size is awesome. Packs up small. I sealed the seams right off per other reviewers recommendations. Only comes with 4 stakes my only issue.
This isn't the first sleep mask I have purchased, but it will be the last I will need to buy.I have found with previous sleep masks, I don't get a full eye coverage and a lot have non adjustable elastic to hold the eye mask in place. This one is adjustable and it gives the best eye coverage. I still get a small amount of light through.The mask itself is super soft and so comfortable to wear. The adjustable elastic means you can chose how tight to have it around your head.
I have always wanted leather gear, now i have it. It takes some breaking in but I love the look and feel.
I ordered this as a favor for my sister who is heading to Antarctica in a few weeks. She'll be the deciding factor but from all the reviews I think she'll appreciate it. I'll post an update when she gets back.
Bought this for storage in the bed of my truck under my tonneau cover. Works great, super sturdy. Not sure if Plano would recommend this but I'm 265 and I can sit on this box when working on my truck rims. It is really a tough product. Waiting to see how the cold weather impacts the plastic.
I want to buy a black tracker for my husband and this one got my attention. It can track heart beats, steps, calories burned, miles walked. The wrist band is soft and comfortable. The watch is easy to set up and use, display is bright and clear, it is a good buy!
Purchased this for my camping trip and I'm so pleased that I did. The ground was wet and glad I didn't have to sit on a damp log or rock this time. This chair packs up small and weights 1 oz shy of 2lbs. and it so comfortable. I like that the fabric is slightly stretchy and fully hugs and supports my back when seated. After setting up and breaking it down a few times, I found that it is easier to attach the fabric seat to the bottom first as the upper poles are longer and a little more flexible.
They work great. I have severe RA.
Works great! Solid quality. My exercises don't require the additional door attachment, but having it opens up your available exercises. Think the cost is worth it for what you get.
I shopped all over kingdom come looking for a suit that fit me. Finally I gave up and ordered a few off Amazon, including this one. It has to be the most comfortable, best fitting suit I've had in years. It actually covers my entire butt without getting a wedgie. It fits perfectly and is so comfortable and actually looks great too! I am going to buy other colors immediately. For reference, I am 5'4'' and around 150 pounds. D size bra. I bought the size 14 and that fit great!
My daughter loves these shoes very well made
Nice to have an extra shell holder. Quick delivery, although company originally shipped wrong product, followed by quick shipment of correct item.
Very effective and easy to use, tools are not needed to adjust size.
Used these on our DC trip this summer. It was in the 90's and humid all week. I just poured water from our water bottle over them, and I was shocked at how quickly the towel became cool. I wore it like a scarf, which actually looked nice. Very effective, lightweight, and transportable.
A very good product. Hands down one of the best values out there.
I know this probably won't help many folks, but I needed a cheaper can of balls to throw in the dryer with my down items. Fast shipping and works like a charm!
Very nice case for the ionic. The black is nice because it can be matched with almost any band. Slight lift around screen edges allows a little buffer for the screen to not be scratched. Good value
No other USCG cap in stores or in the market is like this one. My husband said it's 100% as the ones issued at the Academy and at USCG Stations (Base). Quality is the best. The price is affordable. Thx.
I ordered 2 of these watches, one for me and the other for my spouse and was super scared whether it was a good idea,, but....it WAS. I really liked them, much higher than my expectations. The watch connected to the android app very smoothly, and functions well. The strap is pretty comfortable too. Looks stylish. This is a must buy if you cannot afford the expensive branded one. Honestly, it serves the purpose if you are not brand conscious like me and are only interested in getting the deed done.
These are just what I expected. Less bulky than other kinds of elbow wraps so they are much easier to wear.
I have been wearing my sunglasses for some weeks and I like them. They look good and don't feel heavy on the nose. The frame material is a bit rigid but that does not matter that much. Very happy with the purchase.
Very happy with this purchase.
Working as described
Sticks well. Easy to apply.
Great product. Easy to assemble. Works great!
Easy to fit, never leaks, long lasting. More shots than I expected per cartridge.
My 10-year-old grandson loves playing with this ball. Most of it is played in the street and it has held up beautifully. Great product!
Material is quality. Fit is flattering. Length is perfect if wanting a longer skort. I bought two!
Very durable and has the resistance that makes you feel like you're getting a real workout in. Would highly recommend the band if you're thinking of working out at home too.
Easy to use, easy to charge, and easy to wear. I'm SUPER happy with my purchase. It's slender and fits well, I like that the band doesn't have a buckle to get caught on things or really even look like a watch. It doesn't answer your calls or make breakfast in the morning, but it's perfect if you don't need a ton of extras and are looking for something inconspicuous.
Great product. Shipped fast. I use this for my 7 & 8 year old boys. They love it.
I needed to replace some old resistance bands and these were perfect. The pouch included keeps them neatly organized in my gym bag. Great option for a low impact workout! I would buy these again. Prime shipping, added bonus.
Fantastic products I have a red dot optic to go with the mariner. You customer sever ice is awesome. I ordered a. Fore grip and when it arrived it was smaller then I like, I reached out to customer service they sent me the one that I wanted no questions asked and sent me a return label. People you need to support this company they are great.
Grandson loves his “ Captain America “ ear muffs!
Comfortable, I am able to wear for long periods of time with no swelling or discomfort.
Excellent product!! Works exactly as advertised!!
Nice heavy duty product. Came with a carry bag.
Great fit and quality.
These bands are great to keep in shape, I got them after a stretch to my leg to add resistance to the exercise. There are different levels of strength, from light to strong. Takes some time to adjust to the motion but works great. Material is strong.
Good gloves for the price, but they tear up fast. Spend the extra cash and get the good ones! Trust me, it's worth it!
Very nice product I havnt had a chance to add the jute string yet but is breathable and is a nice pie if equipment
My son's fav shirt. Works well in FL heat.
Had a squeaky treadmill, now I don't. Easy to use and no offensive odor. It stopped the squeak in our treadmill.
I love this bottles! They are a perfect solution to buying & drinking water in plastic bottles.
Fast delivery and product looks good and fits well. cant wait for swimming
Received my 1660 way earlier than I expected. The engraving looks great but its not very deep. It is elegant and light weight. A dream for EDC. The knife is beautiful and the assisted opening mechanism is slick. It scared my girlfriend the first time she opened and doesnt want to hold it again. Makes me like it more. The blade is very sharp from the factory. It does seem small in my hand and when I try to close it, sometimes slips a bit when the blade hits the tension of the spring. I would definitely buy this again.
Nice solid dumbbell set at a good price. Additionally, it shipped for free which is especially impressive considering where I live.
I liked the weight and resistance when struck.
Ban was a little small but the device is great!
Hubby loved them. Perfect!
Beautiful and comfortable. Excellent quality. Exactly what I wanted.
Just bought these rain ponchos. It's definitely a great buy for the whole family not having to worry about buying different sizes for everyone. With the variety pack my wife and I have a size that fits and our two daughters have the kid sizes.
Great gift!! Delivered quick and no damage.
Perfect bowfishing rest, doesn't get in your way of line and can see easily when aiming down for that huge carp.
We've been using this for about a week now and are very happy with it. It's solid enough to handle my 200+ lb husband and quiet enough that I can turn on the TV or music while I use it. I had some questions about how to use it and received an extremely timely and helpful email answering my questions.
Good inexpensive gift, doesn't last too long though
typical Adidas quality.
Beautiful work nice colour very good quality
I love this product! Same pros as any other net but no cons of having to lug around a large net! Awesome price with great quality!
I like the snap on feature although it takes several days for it to easily snap into the holes. I
Scope was mounted on my AR style rifle. Vision is very clear. Very easy to adjust. It is somewhat big to use with all of the accessories on at once, however it is very easy to remove accessories and use another. Both the Fast Focus and Eyepiece and Holographic Dot Sight have several options available for use such as green or red reticle. Plus they have multiple settings in order to adjust for the amount of sunlight or lack of.
I'm using this product in my classroom overseas, but am still in the US, so I haven't had my students try it yet. However, I'm excited to show my students how to use it properly and am hoping it will help some of my more antsy students.
This lighter is perfect for lighting candles, among other things.
I love this yoga mat! It is cushier and more supportive than my previous travel mat, And it's just as easy to keep it clean. I machine wash it and hang dry it after every use. Thank you Clever Yoga!
Very light and a great fit for fast runners
Beautiful umbrella and great product
These are great, easy to unroll and straighten. Cast well and very sturdy.
Nice for practicing tumbling
What you see is what you get.
Excellent pole, telescopic to fit your needs
Good towel for price!
I haven't had it long but it's worked great so far. Easy to set up out of the box. Plenty of tracking features. I really just wanted a heart rate monitor so I can stay in my training zone during workouts. That this product includes notifications for calls, texts, etc. is a bonus. That said, for the price this was an incredible purchase. I hope it continues to impress me.
not sure what to say.. looks to be high quality and the hook is sharp... guess we'll see if it catches fish!
Great buy...our U8 Team found it very helpful when explaining positions and spacing fundamentals.
Exactly what I needed. Too bad I waited so long for something like this. Fits in all the gas tubes and BCG.
It works great! I had one for years but somehow manage to lose it.
i use these primarily for playing golf, as i grew tired of losing my ball in the sun or clouds immediately after hitting it. they definitely helped in that respect. i normally don't wear glasses, i have a narrow face and glasses usually protrude away from my temples awkwardly, but these shades wrap around my face neatly. looking in the direction of the sun is no longer a problem, they keep the pesky gnats out of my eyes, and my face feels noticably cooler even in the hot Miami sun. very good return for the price.
They fit really well,no fog. I swim 2 times per week ,so far, very good!
This gun rest is so well made and totally worth buying.
Cute design and great size for 5 year old, wheels works good and smooth. Great gift for kids
These are a good replacement for the price.
Just what I expected, includes how to shorten the rope instructions, and a little bag to put it in. Their customer service people also emailed to make sure I was satisfied and to see if I had any questions.
Works well, does its job at a reasonable price
These bands work better than anything I've used for 25 years! They stay in place ! They don't hurt your skin!
Sizing chart made sure I got the proper fit Relief was instantaneous and greatly helped the healing process
It was shipped faster than the date. All the equipment is vey durable and will definitely give you results you are looking for. I like that there's three different difficulties instead of one.
will be getting more
Best ab wheel i've ever owned.
The gloves are well made and help the prevent calluses while training. The straps help to keep wrists in line and helps prevent injury as well. The materials feel thick which helps to reduce strain on the hands when lifting weights or doing pull ups.
We have had this for about 7 months now. It has been great. We had people 200+ hang on it. It came lose just had to tighten it after teenage boys paying on it a lot. I would say it has been worth the money.
This club was in excellent condition, it looked new and included what looked like a new cover.
Product was delivered on time and as advertised... simply love this running belt ... thanks for the great service and product
I have problems with occasional swelling in my legs, and these socks help keep the swelling down.
Have only taken it out a few times but am surprisingly happy with it so far, very sturdy and the reel is very smooth. I didn't use the line that came with it though as I have my own preference.
Looooooove this yoga mat. It is so calming to look down and see trees during my yoga practice.
Work well. Pretty colors
Good for all body frames. Had my son also try it, he slouches, so very helpful for that.
I just bought these in Sep 2019 and they are exactly what I was looking for. They work perfectly and I love the fact that the more weight that's put on the dumbbell it is added from the inside out. Other adjustable dumbbells are really long and big, but these feel like regular sized fixed weight dumbbells.
Feel the bearing turns smoothly and smoothly, and the speed is very fast. The bearing turns very well and the sound is very small. It is exquisitely made and easy to install.
Doesn't leave any mark on the skin and is very comfortable. Packaging is simple and net which is perfect for this kind of product. Shipping arrived on time.
Good quality and quick shipping. Recommended!
It's amazing, every time I take a lot of things with my kids, I have to bring two bags, and after I buy this, it's convenient, a bag is solved, I like it.
Great little compass .. clips on and functional for law enforcement.
This has saved my lungs I am a runner and this has saved my lungs
Great deal! My husband loves these glasses. They fit perfect and look great.
Does it's job. Seems to be good quality, with Vortex's signature warranty.
I love the way this has worked for me , you could really fill the difference
Helps during summer time shooting.
There's no movement of the weights like other metal clips I've used.
The large opening makes it easy to fill with ice and easy to clean. Love it!
My teenage son refuses to wear a hat in the winter but he'll wear this. He says it keeps his neck nice and warm at the bus stop.
Great machine. Takes a bit to get it dialed in, but once it's easily assembled and dialed in. Strike every time.
Perfectly for my children. My 3 year old dislikes anything on his head but he was so happy to wear these because of the shark design and comfort.
Great size for children
Very handy use for my job, great for placing fasteners in it, do yes, I use it for other purposes. It's light and easy to put away.
So far so good, this product offers great support and movement restrictions to my injured thumb during recovery. Velcro holds really well and the design, although slightly bulky is a very comfortable fit and can easily be used for extended periods of wear. Very pleased with this item, has been a great help service, good packing, strong and secure support.
Best beer darts I have ever used. Be careful though, we had a couple actually split the can. After they hit the deck a few times they work great!
Very good equipment for cable machine workouts, comfortable and nice looking piece. Happy costumer.
Bought for my husband and he wears them A LOT. Wash and dry just fine.
Keeps the dogs happy
My 8yr son loved this.
I am so pleasantly surprised with this product! I contemplated buying it for weeks and finally did it. My feet have started to form bunions just in the last year or so. I purchased this to alleviate some of the pain that has started after a long day on my feet. I am very impressed with the quality of the products included. Everything is clearly thoughtfully made and VERY comfortable.
I would recommend this belt to anyone that carries or not. It is very high quality at a great price.
This really helped me with loading my new magazines, especially with my old age hands
So far this has done the job. I'll update as I've used it longer.
This is a perfect backyard game for my grandchildren
Great value, quality built, perfect size for 17" laptop. Took to work and 1 employee ordered one while in office, 2nd employee says he is going to order. Very satisfied with purchase, from ordering to using.
I have bought and trusted Plano tackle bags for a long time now. This bag definitely does not disappoint. the bag is stitched very securely and very well so its not going to fall apart. it has more then enough space to hold all of the tackle that I carry with me when I fish. The shoulder strap is long enough for me to cross body carry the bag which makes it super ideal for bank fishing because your hands are free to carry fishing rods and what ever else you need to. The bag does hold up to 4 3700 size boxes pretty easily.
This is a very high quality set. It comes with everything you need, even a hand pump for the volleyball. One of my bottom poles for the net was missing the "foot" on the bottom, I called them and had a new pole in 2 days. Recommended
Sturdy and well built!
Taurus G2C Perfect fit. Retention is great. Holds extra Mag no problem! Great product.
Competitive price and very quick delivery! Packaged beautifully to protect the charts.
IMPRESSIVE! This is a powerhouse hip band. Durability is at 100%. I love the colors, I LOVE the packaging--actually all Fit Girl products come packaged in super cute zip bags or little knap sacks. This adds some serious burn to the legs during any move that you can add a squat to. This took way too long to buy--recommend 1000 times over. Amazing product and well made!
Nice bottle. Wish it was a little shorter. I carry in my car and it's a bit too tall.
I caught lots of flukes and sea base :)
Worked great and was very comfortable.
Absolutely Love these? Wish I would have gotten these sooner.
Great first knife for a kid who thinks they're older. I bought for my brother because he wanted a pocket knife to carry like the older guys in my family. He loves it!
This bag is perfect for the fast on the go carryout
I love this shirt. Fits really well and a great price.
Great deal on a 3 pack and work great!
came in fast and as stated would deal with again.
Easy to set up and comfortable to wear. These fit really well into the ear - great for jogging and running, when the in-ear headphones tend to dislodge. Charges in about 2 hours, and lasts for about 10-11 hours of use. Great sound clarity.
I have a 17 foot boat fit perfectly
I've had no issues with this tracker at all. It's waterproof and lasts about a week without charge. I also love that I do not have to own a special cord like the fitbit and can use any usb insert. As for accuracy, there are times it is a bit late to pick up my heartrate when working out but none of these trackers are perfect. I just it to get an estimate of the miles I run.
I am 5'10" and weigh 200 lbs with average build. The size S/M provides the perfect compression. A little snug going on and coming off, but that is expected. The liberty collage design complements my Captain America shirt quite well.
Really pleased with these, especially the quality considering how reasonable they are. My children (4 and 6) have worn a pair each for a few weeks now and they don't leak, fog up or dig in. They come with different size bridges that sit over the nose so can be adjusted for bigger/smaller children and have a thick band so they fit comfortably around the children's head.
These are much better than the similarly priced Nike products. I have both, and I actually like the Nike brand in general better, but these are stretchier and less restrictive on the head. I am guessing that there is less cotton in these than the Nike headbands, but that doesn't work against the under armor headbands. They are comfortable, they look good, and are inexpensive.
I have a very small wrist and this band works perfectly. The band almost completely wraps around my wrist and stops just below the actual watch. It fits snug and secure. No issues so far!!!
I love this it is absolutely amazing. I got it because my aunt had an older model for over a year and it's lasted her. Everything is easy to use and it's comfy enough I don't notice it half the time. The heart rate is accurate too I had it measured at the Doctor's and compared it they both matched. The one drawback I'm seeing is as someone who never uses bluetooth on my phone, having to leave it on all the time drains my phone's battery. But being able to monitor my health while I'm trying to loose weight it's definitely worth it. And I like being able to read my messages or send someone to voicemail when I'm not right next to my phone.
Everywhere I go people comment on these head covers. My bag is also red, white and blue and I get lots of favorable comments on both. They also slide on very easy so they are a joy to use.
Good replica, need to buy more
The umbrella is pretty simple, but functions well. It opens nicely and closes easily too. It also blocks out the shade and can be used for protection against UV light.
The nets are extremely easy to set up, they work for what they are needed for, ensuring easy and portable scoring practice for any location. They fold quickly and fit right back into their bag (the bag itself is a bit flimsy near the zipper, but can easily be repaired if need be) and off you go.
This band was exactly what I was looking for. It matches the color of my Apple watch series 4 perfectly. It looks elegant and it is very practical.
exactly as described at a very competitive price
Way better than I ever expected. Runs true right out of package. It runs about 3 ft. Deep on retrieve. Once you stop it will will slowly rise to surface. Has some serious rattles inside and action second to none
I love this device so I bought one for each member of my family. Great for removing slivers, reading small print, etc.
These worked great for my DIY home projects. Only thing I wish is that they came with hardware. You'll have to go to the store and buy screws. Below is a before and after picture
Quality materials and a good design. Case holds Medtronic 670G perfectly. Works well worn under shirt while workouts. This keeps my pump positioned near the sensor so no more lost signal while active.
Love! It looks great. Fits great. I get so many compliments. I did drop it on to my counter and two stones fell out. Bummer. But besides that I would definitely recommend.
Works great in the bright florida sun.
Best watch I ever bought. Cost friction of iPhone watch but had the same functions. I will buy again . Battery life is excellent. Used for 5 days still 95%
I read the other reviews and thought (despite the amazing reviews) there would be no way I'd like these as much as the original band. But, I was wrong! They are awesome!!! You cannot tell the difference between them and the original!
It is a great as the one I can no longer fit into that I wore in Vietnam!
Great holster for the money. I have been caring AG 17 and it fits great. I have even been using this for concealed carry with a sweater over the top of it.
great product, want to purchase 1 more!!
I have used this for almost a week now and can't believe how well this fitness tracker works. The setup was easy, just plug it into a charger base and download the app. I love the features it has on the watch and on the app. If your looking for a quality tracker, I definitely recommend this one.
Can't remember why I bought this item but I never sent it back so I must have used it
Love it had an issues and the people took care of it, love them will continue to use this. Company's product
This bag is strongly made, is a reasonable size, and easily holds three pistols and extra rounds internally, while holding multiple extra mags in the external loops. Am very pleased with my purchase.
Love this bunch of colorful bands to add to my collection of versa bands. It makes matching what you are wearing lots of fun. Adds that extra pop of color. Great product, great purchase.
I love this band , it's amazing. I highly recommend to anyone who has an Apple Watch
Perfect gift for someone that loves Tiger Woods!
Yes helps with my lower back pain
Well made. I just haven't used them.
helped as soon as i put it on AMAZING
Works great. Save yourself time and get a Glock magazine disassembly tool.
I bought elbow sleeves and loved them, so am now going to try knee sleeve. Also fast on delivery.
Beautiful knife, very well made.
Not a bad helmet. I took a few minutes to get comfortable but after about 5 minutes it felt great. The visor is magnetic and clicks on really easy. I have another magnetic visor helmet but the visor tends to fall off. This one held up well while riding.
Great belt. Super customer support (needed to change size - just excellent support)
I am a hairstylist that cannot wear her wedding rings because the chemicals destroy the gold. These rings are perfect. I don't feel I have them on, my husband works in a warehouse and it is not safe for him to wear his wedding rings. Again these rings are perfect. Thank you for a great product
Looks and fits great!
Purchased as an extra set for my 7 year old daughter. Works great along with her Bear youth bow!
The gloves are good and professional!I got it for my mom, who did stretching exercises with tree trunks that were always painfully rough on the hands.So I decided to spend money on a better professional glove.This is the second time I've bought sports equipment for my mom. It's really worth it
Moves pins out of things. Comes in a variety of sizes. I have used it for computer repair as well as firearms repair. The hammer is extremely useful for tapping misaligned sights into alignment (don't ask).
Not just great product, they are good people too highly recommended.
Received item as described. Fast shipping. Watch has all the essential fitness features for a good value.
I got this for my brother, he asked for it and loves it. This way he doesn't have to pass out blowing up his big raft.
Looooove. Heavy and durable!
A great purchase. It only took minutes to complete the installation. It's small enough to use in any room you prefer. You can slow walk or run with the many different programs. A perfect way to exercise for me as a senior.
Bought these for my husband! He loves them & they're super comfortable
This sight is better then I expected, Took to the range on an AR-15 9mm pistol and after 170 rounds it was still holding true to center. The seller was very responsive to questions I had about other applications. I will be looking for more really great products from this seller. You can't go wrong getting this sight.
Got these for the Howa AUSTRALIAN PRECISION CHASSIS works great for the Vortex scope i mounted on it. Love the wider caps for more surface area on scope. Excellent product again from vortex highly recommended time after time
For starters this thing is made very well out of aluminum and seems extremely strong . This item has earned its way onto my $5000 mountain bike without question . I have my phone inside of a OtterBox phone case I show in the photos and it holds the phone perfectly extremely stable . It comes with some awesome 3M adhesive rubber spacers along with adapters to fit all different size bars . I'm sure this item could also be used on a four wheeler or things like that . It also includes an Allen wrench and by the way it's a safety on the ranch so it's important because there's a small hole in the center . Everything about this item is really well-built and the price is perfect I would highly recommend this item the only drawback I could imagine is that it might not work on large bulky cases but I haven't tried it myself yet .
They wear tear apart bingo perfect for large group
They worked for my shoulder rehab. If you need something cheap for rehab or just want small weights, they are worth the price.
Love these for knees, achilles, and shin support. Definitely watch the short videos on how to apply for various needs. It's rare to have a problem with non-adhering. Remember to round off straight edges with scissors. I've kept it on for 24 hours with no problems, then remove in the bath. Gentler that way if they've been on a day. They don't irritate my sensitive skin either. Buy them monthly on subscribe and save. Won't go without them.
They are just as described size is true to the chart provided. I am very pleased with my purchase. I ordered a size small and my shoe size is an 8, fit is perfect.
Very cool chair, speakers sound great, and very easy to set up. Only problem I found after a year is the seat gets worn out and padding becomes less effective, and I end up having to stand up and put additional cushion cause there's a wood bean on the seat. But chair functions great.
Great idea! So light and folds so small yet strong and has a lot of space and pockets. I easily put 2 soccer balls and a bicycle helmet inside, 2 sport water bottles on the sides and still and room in the pockets for phone, keys, wallet and more. Veey useful for cycling, motorbike riding, hiking. Very useful also for travel and flights, being able to add space and use as a carry on. I love the bright orange color which is great for visibility and safety while cycling. Very comfortable and recommended!
Have not actually worn these socks yet as my trip is not until July. What I can say is that I did try them on and they fit perfectly and are comfortable. Looking forward to wearing them on my trip to Kenya.
I love the support and comfort it provides while I go on my walks. They don't slide down on me so I don't have to constantly stop and adjust them.
Nice cleaner delivered fast, well packed and at a great price. Recommend product and seller
These are absolutely the best ear plugs I've ever had. UPDATE: These ear plugs are so good, I bought another pair. Mark
This is a good watch band, it's fit really well and comfortable, it doesn't make u sweat or itch, and it's shipping really fast, the cover and the bag doesn't have any problem or hole on it.
Stays on. Fits comfortably. No issues.
This smartwatch is one of the best compared to the BIG name. It does it all, for a much better price. It also has an adjustable wrist band that will fit any size. It is easy to sat up all functions, just follow step by step instructions. Oh and it came in my favorite color lavender. I recommend this watch to anyone who is interested in buying a new watch . There is nothing I don't like about this watch.
Very good product, I use it for practicing aerial sling in my garage and it works perfectly. The mat is thick enough, it's easy to fold without any help, and you can use it either completely flat, like intended, or folded in half for extra padding and a smaller surface area. This product is exactly what I needed.
Very good for the price. No issues at all. I'm not a pro so I don't know what their expectations are.
Wow. I would say this is by far the best row machine on the market. 5 min assembly and super easy to maneuver around. VERY smooth and clean rows. VERY happy with this purchase
I love these workout bands!These are great for beginners that are learning new workout routines.
At my age I don't sweat that much at the gym but this keeps my hair out of my face and looks a lot better than the white fuzzy ones.
Great gloves, durable. Used them to mow grass at the golf course 5 days a week for about 2 months and still in great shape ( after a couple of washings to get the sweaty smell out). And great for golfing also. Lol Better than any big named brand I've had.
I was having problems drinking enough water throughout the day. This bottle has been the perfect solution. I prepare my bottle at night and it is ready to place in my lunch bag in the morning. Now I sip water throughout the day instead of drinking coffee and tea. I am a happy camper.
I have wide feet so they fit a little tight the first time I put them on after that they fit perfect and there really comfortable and soft
Works exactly as advertised. Makes for smooth, no-mess barrel cleaning, while keeping cleaning solvents out of your action. As others noted, you MAY need to cut the barrel end of the bore guide to accommodate the length of your cleaning rod. Tipton's product is inexpensive but just plain works.
easy to install and works flawlessly
Perfect for my 22 month old. He's 25 lbs and fits him perfectly.
High quality. Resistant to color transfer! Sweat proof!
I usually buy this product at Bass Pro but Prime is so much easier as Bass Pro is a 45 minute drive away. My kids and grandkids love the beef (hamburger) jerky I make using this seasoning pack.
Love this kick pads. We use them almost everyday and they are awesome
Great alternative to metal bands
They're decently warm, not that I expected them to withstand the winter here. As a few other reviews mentioned, the touch doesn't really work anymore. Already have a hole in them, I don't specifically remember doing that myself, so could be the quality or my own fault there. Just not overly impressed with these. You could probably do better. **UPDATE** Since posting about the gloves, their customer support reached out to me and made sure I was taken care of. Definitely appreciate the effort they make to make sure customers are satisfied. Happy with my choice now. Will check them out over a span of use and update this post to reflect my rating. Touch works and seems better shape than the first pair I received.
For those of you who are getting this because you have back and shoulder pain from a desk job and/or being overweight, I highly recommend getting this. Unless you already do a lot of yoga you will probably feel silly and off-balance at first, but I highly recommend you keep at it. I roll around on this for maybe a few minutes every night, not even a long time, and I'm really starting to notice a difference. My left hand was starting to have tingling in my index and middle finger--that's gone now! My core muscles are starting to improve a bit because I'm a lot more steady when I use the wheel. My shoulders are feeling a little looser (my right one still has a ways to go, but I'm pretty confident if I keep using it It will keep feeling better and better). I used to have back pain doing certain activities, and while I still struggle with it from time to time I've noticed I can work a lot longer before I start encountering pain; for example, leaning over the counter to prepare dinner, or walking/being on my feet for long periods of time. It's also really nice to use to stretch out if I wake up with stiff shoulders or start to notice my back pain flaring up. I seriously love this thing!!!
Good quality and somewhat easy to install. The 108 springs were fun. Kids love it, I'm the "best dad ever."
I ordered this for my nephews ages 3 and 5, they love it! The space theme is exciting for them!
I love these plates. I workout at a wonderful gym but the smallest plates they have is 2.5 lbs which is way too much to add all at once! I tried these out last week and they worked great! Now I can gradually increase without injury!
It's a bit bigger than expected but I have tiny hands so
Ordered for Husband. He says they work well. Calls are clear. Only complaint is that the ear pieces are a little large. The smallest ones that come with it are still a little big for his ears. He may just have small ear holes :)
I wanted a set up in my garage and this is perfect. It's well built, easy to assemble doesn't take up very much room. I considered other products but this rack was about the smallest design that I was looking for(took up less space in corner of garage). If you're considering a squat rack i would highly recommend this one
The product is very well made and delivers exactly what it promises. We are just beginning to enjoy Pickleball and this set suits us just great!
What dog doesn't love chasing a tennis ball. Our Lucy has so much fun chasing balls launched all over our yard
With arthritic hands, this makes card playing fun again.
By far the best belt I've used. I'm a small female and it's so hard to find belts in my size that give me support and wrap tight enough. Love my belt and highly recommend it.
2006 EZGO TXT PDS went from 14 mph to 19.5 mph. Easy to install and It works. Dont need to say more. Dont forget to turn off the Tow Maintenance switch before installing this plug.
For the price you pay this device is actually amazing and does everything a brand one would do.
Bought this band form my husband. It fits him decent. He wears a large/xlarge band normally. I would say an average large band wearer would be fine with this, but if you require an xlarge it may almost a little small. It is soft and flexible, but seems to be sturdy. I think it will work well for him. I also like, and so does he, that it can breath with the holes in the band. They aren't cut into the band, it looks as though it's molded that way. So it should be sturdy enough.
They look exactly like the one I bought from fitbit website only a lot cheaper!!! Thanks
They work great especially for beginners because you can start out with the 15 lbs and then you can move up to 20 lbs when you improve a bit.
Feel very comfortable and support my lower back when i drive. Love this. Highly recommend.
My teenager is over 6' and needs comfortable longer shorts. These were perfect.
Best swim suit I've purchased this summer!!!
Love this. Cheap and a lot of it. Good thing to share, good karma
This will make playing Dominos and other games allot more enjoyable! Got here so quick! Thank you!
It poped up in seconds and set up with another 2 sticks attached. I practiced chips in my backyard, it's a target can collect balls. For kid playing, I use hallow training balls to replace the regular balls. a lot of fun
Amazing gloves soft and don't stink after weeks of daily use
(1) Sizing. The Amazon page describes these as suitable for men and women, which I suspect is true, but the packaging describes these as made for women. This isn't a problem, except if you guess at the sizing (and you're a guy), you'll end up with gloves that are way too small. They don't make this very clear, but when they list the sizes in the descriptions, you're supposed to be measuring from knuckle to knuckle (across our 4 fingers). (2) There are two very different styles of glove you can buy on this page. I first ordered the wrong size (per above); the L wasn't available in the same color so randomly picked black/yellow, but that color combination is a completely different glove than every other one available on this page. You can tell that in the next picture, but I didn't assume the 'color difference' also resulted in a completely different glove. The moral of the story is, pay attention to the sizing and the black/yellow glove is different than the rest. Don't make my mistakes.
It's everything they said. Works great. I'm extremely happy with this product!
This worked out perfectly! My knee had been bothering me and this sleeve was able to provide some comfort. The color, the fit and the price is GREAT!
Just received the new watch and it has been doing everything I want and more.
I am so impressed on the quality and weight of the materials. Strong magnetic too. This better than most of the covers that come with the putters.
This is exactly what we wanted now my son can train at home for this coming seasons football and baseball. With this Agility ladder we can train twice as much to keep him in shape. Easily folds up for quick storage.
I just bought two of these for my fitness center. Seems solid so far. I like the lifetime warranty they give with the product
Ordered this set because my actual wedding ring always scratches my son. Love these rings! They're soft, great quality, and very comparable to the name brand for a much better price. Highly recommend!
Holds all of my bowling needs: ball, shoes, towels, wrist band and rosin bag. Rolls smoothly over any type of surface. Just wish some of my rolling luggage handled as well as this bag.
We love these water bottles for hot summer days! Only downside (and not worth degrading stars) is that the shape of the bottle kind of holds back the water when tipped up and then all at once the water will hit your mouth causing a less than attractive water on your shirt scenario 😜 Takes so getting used to (or the ordering of a sip top!) but the keeping your water cold is more important than our pride!
Best stick baits out there if you fish tournaments this is what you should use the action is far better than any other stick baits my favorite colors are pumpkin green and black flake and watermelon magic, use o rings they will last much longer.
Well built heavy duty
Used for my two year kids ld twins during fireworks. Worked fantastic. One of them lies to wear them around the house now.
Everything arrived in good condition. It also includes a Biel Fit sticker.
Very easy to work with - very interested in the customer being happy! Fit great and feel comfortable
Item was just as I expected
Quality product, strong nice looking wood not like the cheap plastic products out there. I liked the non-slip tape as it helps stabilize your feet when balance training. Great for golf swing balance training!
Love it! Great quality!!!! Exactly what I was looking for!
Very easy to put on and take off.
Love it, very easy to use.
Great gift for my daughter.
Gloves worked great, kept my hands warm and having openings on each glove makes these perfect in cold weather.
I bought this treadmill for my parents, I was looking for something simple, affordable, with long arm holders and specially with a motor not noise. This machine is excellent so far, I really recommend this treadmill .
Bought this for my wife , she loves it and can perfectly fit her XD sub compact and extra magazines in it
Thanks she is happy.
The ear phones fit my 7 year old and my 9 year old very comfortably.
As pictured and as described. Fast delivery. Thank you.
Love the way this knive feels and the balance is great. Couldn't be any happier. Plus this knive is all stainless steel which makes it stand out.
Easy to put on. Attractive and comfortable.
Smaller than expected, but still a great case and value.
Very lovely umbrella. It's light weight and easy to carry to everywhere. It works when it is rainy but not windy. Don't think this umbrella is strong enough to deal with the strong winds. Breeze is ok tho. There are many different colors to pick from as well!
I love my new Alta iGK leather replacement band. It fits great and is very stylish!
I really like them they are very comfortable to wear and really helps my knees, the only think I dont like is that they are long for my but then I am on the short side, but all in all a great buy.
Bought this for my military daughter. This thing is huge! Made well, color was perfect. Deep.
High quality, fit nicely for my wife who is 5' and me I'm 5'10". We are both of average weight.
Very effective bands
Color Rose Gold is GREAT - very easy to switch the Fitbit unit to the band. Comfortable, magnet closure is terrific! Will definitely order another in a different color for a variety!
I did some research on the hula hoop products on Amazon and I am glad I came across this one. I have been getting back in to working out and I am happy that this came with core sliders as well as the hula hoop. I like the flexibility of having both, and having lots of fun using them together.
Good support. Fits good and feels good.
Nice and snug keeps hair dry
Works great does what I want with out spending a hundred dollars or more.
Really great quality, especially for the price. It looks great! I needed a band to wear at work that looked a little more professional than the sports band the watch came with, this does the trick!
My mother loved this product. Shipping was fast!
This set of punching mitts have proven to be sturdy. Punch after punch, they have held up. It doesn't matter which hand you put them on, they fit nicely, and the strap securely locks them down on your hand. They also have a nice target imprinted on each one. The targets stand out, which makes you able to focus on a direct center hit. These punching mitts can really take a beating
I absolutely love this pad. I can do hip thrusts and squats and lunges super comfortably. Excellent quality!
The hat is very comfortable and looks good . This is the 2nd one I have ordered cause my husband likes it so well.
Same as the ones I've used in classes. Should last a long time.
Quality materials, good craftsmanship & made in the USA. Love it ! ( My SP101 fits very nicely. )
AWESOME! Best reel I've owned to date.
This mat is so lightweight and easy to travel with as I often go straight from work to yoga. The fact that it's machine washable is such a plus!! The mat is good on its own (I'm used to a thick and heavy lululemon mat) but since it is thin, it also works well as a cover for a dirty studio mat
Very bright good for camping trips
Nice product, as described, specially liked the case also.
I've used this after the gym for a few days. It helped to tighten my abdomen while I am watching TV from my house. My muscle and abs are sore like been doing a lot of crunches workout . So excited it works . Will be getting these for gifts as well !!!
Exactly what I wanted
daughter loves this bag.no more lost practice items.
Worked great on aluminium bleachers for watching baseball games.
Great ring for the price. I needed to contact the company and they were wonderful. They really care about customer service. Highly recommend choosing this product.
Does exactly what it says it's supposed to. My only gripe is the bottle is much smaller than I assumed it would be but that's my fault for not paying much attention to the labeled Ounces.
Awesome grip strength and arm muscles and should muscle up to 40 lb workout
Great addition to my at home gym! I'm slowly building my gym and needed these!! Inexpensive & definitely do the trick! I was super sore!
Good price. ALways good to have a spare.
Great quality- nice and bright
use these all the time love them
I liked the first knee brace I ordered so much that I ordered two more!
Easy to mount and works well.
This model serves as a great starting point for airsoft and compared to my other model, the Stinger, it has the pros of having a larger magazine (20 vs 12), alongside a more convenient frame and much more reliable firing mechanism. It's a relatively low power model, especially compared to the stinger but from what i've heard these are some pretty solid beginner guns for the price and they seem quite well. We've been firing both for at least 500+ shots so far, and aside from a few incidents learning the gun it only jammed a few times in the beginning when we'd accidentally pull the lever back twice and we found out it was loading another bb each time. Once we found that out, and just pulled it back a single time we've rarely had a problem. The magazine on this, carries 20 shots, in a little reservoir you have to manually load each BB in one at a time, it's a little finnicky but we've timed ourselves and a reload takes about 40-60 seconds to take out the clip, pull out the bbs, and begin loading them in manually until the clip is full. However while it's slower then the Stinger, it's much more reliable than the Taurus which can be reloaded in seconds but has a tendency to misfire and shoot the bbs everywhere due to it having a highly sensitive 'release'. My younger brother was able to use this fine and snipe a can from our whole backyard. Although compared to the other, it's much more sensitive to the wind and low powered, it's perfect for starting out and is highly reliable and rarely jams which can be a pro or con. For reference, we made a target out of the box this shipped in, point blank this gun will leave a bb deep welt on a can, but not penetrate, and will dent the cardboard box it came in, but not penetrate (about an eighth a inch i'd figure, about the thickness of a quarter), while the stinger pistol we got will rip through cans point blank even with airsoft plastic bbs and leave the same sized welt from 20 feet away. We actually had a problem with the Stinger ripping holes through the cardboard boxes we'd been setting targets across going clean through both ends even when fired 40 feet away from our whole backyard's length.
I've tried nearly a dozen or so different preworkout supplements, and Koala Freak is definitely the best of them all. Plenty of caffeine to get you energized, but the best part is the extra pump ingredients; Koala Freak is the only preworkout I've tried that ALWAYS enhances my workouts. Even if you aren't feeling the energy due to having a long day, the amazing pump you get will ensure a great lifting session. It's a little pricier than others, but it is worth every cent.
Love this torque wrench. I needed the smallest for my valve cover and it worked perfectly.
The game is fun. It fits in the room with a traditional ceiling and works well for adults. The assembly requires some patience. Family members and friends are enjoying the game.
Very roomy and has extra pockets
product just as described. works great! would defiantly recommend.
I own quite a few leggings, but these feel and fit so much better than any of the others.
Excellent product! Strong hooks and definitely attracts the fish if used properly! I was fishing off a jetty 6 feet above water surface and I was able to land 20+ cocktail blues on one jig. Was also able to land a 6 lb Atlantic Bonito - again hooks are STRONG, enough for me to horse the fish around rocks and swing them up!
new is so much better than 20 year. old
Everything we thought! Great job!
Well built and it fits wery well with my body shape
Must work I am still married
Just what I needed! Great durable material
I am unable to swim without water going in nose and nose clips don't seem to work for me, This item is perfect!!! I use it every time I swim, stays in place and is very comfortable.
The resistance band is very good and left me sore after a few squats. The barbell pad is also awesome. I think this is a great price for the quality compared to other vendors. Enjoy! :)
Just used this on a 60K mile 2014 Jetta 1.8L SE TDI engine. The car was running great, fuel mileage was very good at ~40 on the highway. Followed the direction, got the engine hot, emptied can into intake, shutdown and soaked for an hour. Started the car and drove it like I stole it. WHAT a difference. Better throttle response, quicker spool up and 3 more MPG according to the computer. Also noticed the engine seems quieter.
It is perfect, beautiful color. I am 100% satisfied. Thank you.
The sleeves works well. Does not roll down on the arms.
This is one of my best water bottles purchases so far. What I love the most is that I can have hot cofee all day long!! It's easy to clean and carry since it came with its own bag. I got the lake blue color and it looks just as I expected it. 5 stars
No issue at all.It does what it's supposed to do.Perfect fit in my hand. It makes it quite easy to disassemble a Glock. Good value. I am very satisfied. Thank you!
Matches perfect to the rose gold fitbit charge 3. Fits well. Overall a decent product for the price i paid
Ordered this because my husband is ALWAYS asking if I've seen his keys. I figured I needed something that would make it easier on him in the mornings. (We also have a little kid that loves to play with keys and sometimes puts them in the most random places ). This product is awesome! I love how it comes with six key fobs and the remote with a base!! I also love how it's all color coded!
The bands so far are great! Comfortable to the point I forget that I'm wearing my Fitbit.
As described. Works great.
I'm a rookie with the doble under but with this rope i get in the rhythm of getting my doble unders i love it.
Love my new workout ball. Came quick and great quality. I have purchased Amazon brand workout gear and have not been disappointed yet.
very loud witch is very good for a stun gun, very powerful as well.
its magpul so i trust it but ive ordered a few of these and the front sight post has been bent. shipping issue not a fault on the product.
We were going to use these at our family reunion at Thanksgiving this year, but it was cancelled due to Hurricane Michael. Toys have been put up until the family meets again next year.
The product worked very well and it aids in the prepping if cooking large amounts.
My son loves this reel. It's his second rod for inshore and freshwater fishing. Smooth.
I use these yoga blocks to help me with my yoga poses and they do the job. Great buy
It's very easy to assemble and comes with all the tools needed. I though it will have 2 boxes, but no, the mat was packaged with the bar. Perfect equipment set, strong and durable.
Another outstanding knife from an outstanding blade company. This guys know their stuff! Highly recommended.
Beautiful, functional flipper. However, very expensive. I own two of them--one for everyday use, one for my collection.
I love the feel of my hair after using these. I am a African American women. I wear a short hair style so I am interested to see if these coming in different sizes
I was reluctant to use a running belt, as they usually are uncomfortable and hinder my runs. However, I needed something to carry my phone in so decided to try this product out. I am glad I did, this is a great product. It is comfortable to wear and keeps my phone secure without any bouncing around while running. Highly recommend!
They fit well and do not leak. I don't use the ear plugs or nose plug, but keep them in case I change my mind. Very nice!
Received my gypsy and the screen is larger than it look and all displays are very clear. The watch is very light weight. Own the course operation as for yardage and shot selection one glance everything is their front center rear pin placements make club selection much more effective. Glad I purchased this product.
My kids go through so many different goggles because they never seem to last or are not comfortable. These goggles are really well made. The band seems a little thicker than our expensive Speedo ones that broke. It was a nice surprise. My 3 kids now fight over them, so I do wish there was a 3 pack, but other than that these have been a great purchase.
Product worked as intended.
It's full of items that will help in small first aid emergencies, just what I was looking for.
I have bought 2 other brands of sleeves. These are the best quality, fit and the thumb hole ensures that they don't slip. I am happy with them so far.
Was much less than most of the other ladders I looked at, so I decided to take a chance and try it. I could imagine any of the more expensive ladders could be any better. I am using it on our dock and from my 11 year old lean granddaughter to my 2 large muscular son in laws it performs beautifully.
This is perfect for sharpening my Flexcut wood gouging tools. I was happy they provided a stick of sharpening rouge as well.
Bought this for my daughter who had knee surgery. She had to give up sports for a while but is slowly training her knee to get into shape for sports again. This is perfect for her workouts and jogging.
Durable, fit as expected, cute little outfit.
I use these to hold my hair back when I wash my face but they work perfectly. Not too loose or tight. They stay in pace.
Is what they said it is, good product.
Black for me and grey for my husband. Fits good and looks nice.
Love this. Now my hands are free to carry things.
Bought this item for my husband! He lives it and uses it to train!
This product is totally worth every penny
This is a good general massager. Said it has a solar panel in the item (which is does) and indicates that it will provide some micro current massage effect (which is doesn't). Nonetheless, a good general massager. Since it is so large, it is more for a body massager rather than a facial massager. Good price point so it was a good purchase.
I take this me everywhere! It's so nice not to have to waste all those plastic water bottles! They include a sponge and straw cleaner with your purchase. I get compliments and people ask where I bought it. I love it!
My boyfriend and I can both wear it if adjusted correctly! Haha
Love them and came on time.
This is the coolest gadget. My husband loved it and ended up buying our son one. Highly recommend. Good product
I absolutely love this! I got it for my young nephew and I got to say, I was pleasantly surprised at how great the quality is and how it really works! the water base makes it sturdy enough to take in all the punches and the fact that its inflatable makes it super easy to storage! my nephew loves it, he gets to give off his energy in a safe fun manner!
Very nice for dressy occasion
10 out of 10 would recommend
Looks great. Good price. Works well.
Needed to add something to help with my workout regimen and this was a great addition. Sturdy fits well and works great
Took mine to an airsoft tournament yesterday. Perfectly fitted, I almost had a feeling that I'm not even wearing them. I had one bad trip and fall, hut knuckles protection did a great job! Not a scratch. Great pair!
Entry level, great price mask. My ONLY drawback to this mask, is I didnt realize you couldnt take off the visor, which was "my bad" for not paying attention, in case I wanted to use with with a tactical helmet. Works well with my shemagh though. Cant ask for the mask to perform any better for the price. Even fits well on my 10 year old daughter who wants to get into paintball now.
Easy and does the job
Great quality and very sharp looking with the black instead of silver chrome that I've had in the past.
My daughter uses these everyday for school. She loves that her drink stays cool all day.
Many socks are a pain to put on, but these are not. They work well, and they're easy to line up on my feet.
Works like a charm. Wish I had got them earlier.
Love these for my Ray Ban prescription sunnies. They stay off my neck comfortably and lay on chest easily. Adjust is good and they stay on the temple ends.
Good quality and craftsmanship.
Great quality for a real good price, I hope they last for a while bcuz you can't find mag holster with all these features for this price. I bought them because of a recommendation from a shooting buddy of mine I couldn't believe when he told me he only paid $40 for a set of 4 mag holsters. Dont be scared because of the price these are nice quality
Worked great for offer first camping trip with my family in the Scouts. Durable and easy to clean and pack.
Sometimes when I feel one of my knees hurt, this comes in handy. I wish this came in pairs but still works for one bad knee!
These socks are fantastic. I cant believe how much they help with the pain and swelling I had been experiencing in my legs. I had tried insoles and shoes, using these socks has made me wish some one suggested them a long time ago. I highly recommend them.
Loved everything about it!
We found a vintage Penn Yan Canoe and wanted to store it as a display piece in our home. This lift was the best option and worked very well and easy to assemble and install.
They fit well and I don't need to worry about them riding up or moving. Everything stays in place and no chaffing problems. This is my third pair, got tired of constantly washing them right after I use them. I bought the first pair a few years ago and they're as good as the day I bought them!
It's a little annoying to switch between feet, especially when your legs are already tired, but that's my fault for not getting two. I like this, gets the job done and stays on your feet well when doing kickbacks.
Nice shirt, great price!
Best ball I've played with by far
Perfect fit. Feels nice with my g17 C in it.
I wanted this to keep my hands free for grabbing on to safety items. Great for a cruise where the ship might lurch a bit. I wish I had this when my children were small and I had to keep them close and not get into things.
I have been using this holster for a couple of weeks now, and have been very happy with how comfortable and low profile it is. As a female, it is harder to find clothing and other gear for concealed carry. I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a concealed carry holster.
Easy to use and well built.
They both got very cold but didn't stay cold for long
Fits on Perfectly I like that it comes with a scrubber to clean the plastic tubes
Fit is great durability is excellent. Well fitting long lasting globe
Fits great and are comfortable
Cool looking backpack, has many pockets for stuff, light weight and durable, perfect for travel
Fits perfect comfy and warm
Bands are very comfortable and lightweight. Does not feel cheap, very durable. I have pretty thick wrists and these are even more comfortable than the original band that came with my watch.
The nostalgia of these toys always make me giddy. It's a cool little hacky sack for messing around with. Very entertaining and the colors are nice.
This is awesome for the lazy me, i been using it for 1 program daily after shower for the past few days, and I think i can continue with this. It feel pretty strong when first use, however, after 2 days, i can handle the level 2, which i think i will try my best to increase slowly as it go.
It really helps the glare especially at night
Didn't want to purchase the Apple Brand due to cost, so I heard from a friend about these and decided to give it a try. The band is slightly bigger and thinner than the original, but for the cost it's awesome! I would definitely purchase again and plan to purchase another color.
I purchased this and I had an alternative fitness tracker which popped off my wrist at work and therefore lost it. This fitness tracker has a buckled strap which is very secure and good quality. It's perfect for my job as it shows the date as well as the time and I can track how far I have walked on my round. Also in my job I can miss important messages and calls on my phone so I can set up this fitness tracker to let me know when I get contacted.
Just like it says, I don't slip on my may anymore
Good quality umbrella and compact to keep in my vehicle. Just ordered another one.
The hose stores neatly and there is a clip to hold the handle down when not in use. The valve lock will snap back with force, so you will quickly learn to to ease it back and keep your fingers out of the way. Such an impressive product, highly recommended to a friend.
Kids are having fun tumbling at home.
Got to me on time and packaged well. Haven't seen the end result (what it is being used for as it was a gift) but not complaints so far!
So far the product is perfect! Company is AWESOME to work with! Very attentive!
Bought for my niece and she absolutely loved it. It was super easy to assemble
I couldn't be more happier this is just what I've been needing thank you so much
Better than expected. Really well made components feel much more sturdy in the hand then what i have used before. Great product!
Firm foam does not wear out like original foam rollers did
Nice little item. Size and feel of a putter, but 35 degree loft pops ball up and forward easily.
The splint works really well and has helped me gain some mobility back
Fabric was very comfortable. Nice fit and not stiff as I thought. Delivery was fast.
Compared to other high priced brands, this product is great. Confortable!
Super comfortable, has that nice real leather smell
Great ear warmers. Have had them for almost two years now. Only minus is that they are a bit hard to store (the metal isn't bendable) but otherwise great earmuffs.
My grandson got it for his Birthday. He loves it. The length is good and the weight is right on.
These are cheap shorts that I got for Crew. They fit well and work for the purpose I needed them to fulfill.
The bands are great!! I use them at home on days I don't have time to go to the gym for a quick half hour work out. I was nervous at first as they seem like they'd snap easily but I haven't had any issues so far and I've had them for a few months. Great price and value if you are looking for something try something new with your at home workouts.
Bought as a gift for my daughter in college. She loved it. Very comfortable and true to size.
Loved them. I wear them everywhere.
Good quality multi purpose tool
Worked great during healing process.
The quality and thickness are exactly what I hoped they would be. I would buy this again!
Item arrived quickly, I really like the pump it comes with. Im 6ft, 220lbs and recovering from 2 back surgeries, this exercise ball supports me well. I feel safer than with the smaller versions.
Can't live without these. If you have plantar fasciitis or spurs these are a must. Awesome support and pain relief.
This little guy is awesome. With a 4" auger for chain link fence post it had no mercy. Great for the ordinary home owner.
Really good holster for the price fits my Glock 26 gen 5 perfectly
I have back problems and I bought these balls and roll on them which helps my back and sciatica. A larger ball would be more effective though.
I had to replace another brand we had thanks to the sun disintegrated it. Some complained that it comes flat which you have to pump. Only took a few minutes, it's really not a big deal if you have a pump handy and we have plenty around here. I like that it's not very hard and easy to hit. The other one we had felt like I was breaking my hand Everytime we played, which is why it just sat around. This one I can actually enjoy
This was a great value and the #4 is perfect for the original Glock 43. I also have the #2 for my Taurus Spectrum.
Absolutely love the color! It attracts a lot of attention & compliments. It was easy to attach. I will continue to monitor the band to see if it develops a bubble & if the leather detach from the band like the other brands. So far, I am satisfied.
Simple to use. Adjustable to just about any rifle. This gets used A LOT
Bought this for my husband for Fathers Day. He loved it. he said it was the perfect size and the 4 compartments it came with are perfect. He was really impressed with the durability of this bag.
It fits well! I love the adjustable neck strap and the tie backs. I am 5'9 120 lbs and tiny top -_-.... but this looks great and fits well! Looking forward to vacation. The colors are vibrant. very cute (:
Fits both my 13lb ball and size 7 womens shoes perfectly, along with a few cloths and a small stress ball.
Grandson says these are very comfortable, fabric on the inside feels soft and he likes the design. Happy with this purchase.
Love this umbrella! I love the fact that I can get in my vehicle and close the umbrella with ease and without getting myself soaked in the process.
Super cute, they fit well, and can't beat the price!
These are essentially just like the pricey TRX bands at the gym, but at a much better price. You can attach these to a door, bar/pole, hook, etc. to do a variety of body weight exercises. Included is an instruction guide with sample exercises and a 4-month workout plan if you choose to use it. You get two full TRX-style bands (which, to clarify, are NOT rubber/elastic), plus four rubber bands of varying tension levels. The bands and stitching seem to be very sturdy. Everything fits in a mesh travel bag -- I look forward to being able to bring these with me for hotel or even outdoor workouts when I don't have access to a gym or weights.
Love this stand. It holds several medicine balls of different sizes!!
I have used these so many times already this summer! They are great for the gym, when kayaking, camping and mowing the yard. They really help keep you cool when you are out in the sun. Also, as I started to get burned when we were on our kayak trip I draped it over my shoulders - instant UPF 50 sunscreen protection! Great for anyone who is active outdoors.,
Absolutely stunning. And customer service was amazing as well.
Will order again in another color soon!
Nice set for work or working out. Some of the colors my husband probably wont wear but its a great value.
Easy to inflate with the pump. Bands are great quality.
Very nice and I love it. Highly recommend these sunglasses
Helps me keep track of my water intake!
I love the band's, although I have a hard time removing them to change out. Watched multiple videos, but still have a difficult time removing the bands.
Great, cheap glasses. Work fine for me
Mine works great. Holds zero. Adjustment dials are questionable but effective.
A bit big, but I tested it on my porch and everything was functional!
Absolutely love my barbell pad! It is so comfortable and makes using the barbell much more pleasant. I don't know how I've been going to the gym this long without one.
Came with covers and nice design. Good grip.. Will use for upcoming pickleball tournament
Its really cute. Great for the price. Got this as a surprise gift for my boyfriend. He's a buckeye fan. He's going to love it
I ordered this clock for two members of my family who are in law enforcement. They loved it as much as I did. Our police officers put their lives on the line each day for the community they serve and protect, and this clock with the flag and thin blue line is perfect to help show the support they deserve.
Very happy with this product
Exactly what we needed !
Works great for repelling cats
Great to do Business with. Great item.
This massage gun was easy to use, provided instant relief and is a game changer! There is no need to go to a masseuse again!
I replaced sights on my Kimber ultra carry 3 inch. Love the Orange front post, as I shoot both eyes open. Brings you right to target. I am going to have my S&W M&P 45 shield done next . Remember paper don't shoot back and the 1st Rule to gun safety is TO CARRY ONE. ..
The blanket is lovely! Very happy.
Just nice to have when it's cold out. Immediate warmth and it stays that way.
I bought this fitness watch for a my girlfriend birthday, she leaves in Europe and they don't have that many choice in regard to watchbands. She is in love, she said that its very comfortable, very fashionable and she is getting a lot a compliment. Im happy that she is happy. Its a perfect gift for any occasion.
This product is is very easy to use and accurate.
Fits in my small hand good for skinning.
I use it for boot laces. Way better that regular laces. You can pull the inside out in an emergency situation and use the outside to keep your shoes on. Still have cord for snares etc.
I have no issues at all with this fitness machine. Has good resistance when using the bands. Not as productive as using free weights, but is definitely a lot easier to deal with and easy to adjust to your needs. Good machine.
Does exactly what I needed. Measures accurately and easy to read.
This brace gave me the comfort and support I needed for my knee. I purchased several before the Physix Gear and they didn't fit right, were too bulky, or rolled down. The Physix Gear Knee Support is comfortable, light, gave me the support I needed to make me mobile again and back to my spin classes!
I stuck this on my friend's car. Its a clean cut! very nice
Better than expected.
Fit great. Nice and warm.
as expected, foam padding is a little thin, but protects and fits well. Can't beat it for the price
Clearest scope I have looked through......even compared to much more expensive brands. Nice eye relief and after sighting in, it stays sighted in. Only standard scope I will buy.
Works pretty good for me. Will order more.
it can measure your heart rate when you are running. it can resistant water and sweat. I like it
Lots of different styles. Works as expected. A perfect gift.
Will buy again and will definitely look for seller again thanks to seller and Amazon your the best
It was a gift. He loves it. These are the knives my father used for years. Skinning rabbits, squirrels, and for fishing. Great balance and handling Sharp edge. The steel does stain a tarnished look but that is it's nature. This knife- is also featured in Barbeque Pet Boys videos. My son-iin-law wanted the knife and loves to outdoor BBQ also.
Great version for workouts, day to day - cooler in any situation where you're sweating, active. Looks sharp, too.
Perfect for our white water rafting trip in Alaska! Now my husband will use his for fishing.
I LOVE this knee brace. I love the fact that it opens from the back to put it on instead of having to slide it up and down my leg. It is very comfortable and the support above and below the knee can be adjusted to be loser or tighter. I would totally recommend this knee brace to my friends and family.
It is a bit larger than the typical beanie, so it fits nicely over a baseball call for those cold, sunny days
Quality cord, as described. Nicely packaged.
GREAT GREAT GREAT PRODUCT. THOSE THAT ARE NOT GIVING IT FIVE STARS CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE IT, DIDN'T SET IT UP PROPERLY (WATCH YOUTUBE VIDEO)
Favorite sling ever go ahead and buy one
Easy to use and accurate. This smartwatch is 10 times better than my Fitbit and 1/3 the cost. Clean crisp legible watch face. Many more features than I will ever use. I use it to track my heart rate and sleep patterns, it works. Wear it about two finger widths above the wrist for optimum results. I would recommend this product to anyone that wants to replace their Fitbit or other expensive fitness tracker.
They were big fresh and delicious.
Very Happy! Very easy to put together! We used it for a BBQ with our friends and everyone loved the game! Easy to store and put away!
Ight so boom my hubby put these on me and let me tell you they are no joke I couldn't get out of them while I was getting piped down by the kraken over here work great
They were a little tough to get on. But then again all compression socks are. They are working wonders on my daughters feet and legs, in 3 days the swelling has gone down and they are almost back to normal. She said they are comfortable too.
My daughter plays travel volleyball, so we've been thru tons of balls. This one is hands down the best and the only one we'll buy from now on.
I always want to buy a sports bracelet for myself as a New Year gift. It's very fashionable. I like it.
Good quality! I bought this becuase the rope I had was reflective and felt that may bring attention to visiting animals. This pull up strap has held my bow and pack up and down the tree stand safely and securely. It is much longer than what I really need so I have alot of excess strap.
It's nice device and nicely designed
Purchased this after I lost my Air bud case had it in my pocket and it fell out. This holds my phone air bud case and extra things. It's small this and I never notice I have it on. Best thing I purchased in a long time. I work out side and my average days is no less then 10 miles a day I carry my phone air bud charger and woks awesome for me and my busy life. Everyone I run into wants one.
Just what I was looking for. Stays in place and does it's job.
This is an excellent line spooler. Very easy to read directions and works with no problems. Love the fact that you can put line on a reel as well as take it off, having a handle on the spooler itself. You can use the clamp to attach it to any table, boat, truck, or basically anywhere. Great product!!
Husband says product works great. Fits perfect. Thanks!
It's a great watch if you're looking all the functional aspect without the cost of the average smart watch. I wear it every single day. Great buy!
My product get on time in very good condition beautiful colors I definitely buy again. Ty
Great for the motorcycle
My favorite head bands ever 😍
I have purchased this particular knife for 20 years. I give them away for wedding gifts. They are almost indestructible. Everyone in my family whether at home or camping in preference will ask for "Old Hickory". The blade edge is the standard 20 degree European/American edge angle. I have modified my knives to the "oriental" 15 degree blade edge. A definite improvement.
best boat product out there
Good for athletic activities. Stays on firm. Good quality.
I bought this for hunting but it worked perfectly for sitting on the lake shore fishing. I'm 6'6" 300lbs and it held me just fine.
This is exactly what i was looking for. As awsome!
High quality material. I've been wearing one on my leg to help with recovery from surgery, and no problems. I'm going to get one size down to give me an option to increase the compression a bit when I have it propped up in the evening.
Great product!! My boyfriend absolutely loves them. We play quite often and have no issues. I definitely recommend!
Has lasted and worked well for a long time even with being used almost everyday for many hours.
Well designed and built. Great price point.
Perfect for swimming or just for casual wear. For just as expected. Can't wait to order more colors for my son.
worked well for our need,
Great dust mask! So far it's not too hot. Fits me perfectly and is very comfortable, but it doesn't fit my husband who is 5'11, 240lbs. It does fog up glasses a bit, but that's just on me. I expect it will be better for some and worse for others. All in all I would definitely recommend giving it a try. I purchased for cutting grass, trees, wood chipping, dealing with gravel, etc. because I have asthma. It definitely works for my purposes.
It's smooth and great to have the ability to have an upper body workout with Cardio. The rowing is smooth and quieter than most rowers.
Nice umbrella. Worth the price. So good I lost it already. Navy color is closer to black than the color shown.
Wow, this is a very nice tactical vest! I wasn't expecting much because it was so cheap. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and how nice it looks! Will make you look like a professional... FBI agent or security at Lebanon Airport!!! Lol...