the cabinet dot were all detached from backing... got me
Junk. Won't hold a charge anymore. Should have purchased the actual Black & Decker brand. Lesson learned, you get what you pay for, etc. Buyer beware.
This stuff is whiter than any porcelain surface you will encounter, making it stick out like a sore thumb.
I've purchased and used this filter several times and have never had any issues-until recently. This last one I received has been horrible! I installed and made sure it was locked into place. Ran about a gallon of water through and the water smells! and tastes like dirt/chemical! The water however is crystal clear but just horrible. I'm so disappointed considering I drink water constantly and was relying on what I thought was a quality product that had been consistent until now.
Thia style of tap is garbage. These have failed every single time i ve used them, even after using pliers to seat tap and tape to hold the assembly together. They damage the supply wire terribly, often leaving only 3 or 4 strands unbroken. Do not buy these. Watch a few youtube videos on splice taps if you feel you need to run power from an existing component feed.
Shorted out my psu faulty on arrival. Smells like burning plastic
They look good and have a cool style, but not very bright and very sensitive to current draw on the circuit from other items such as vacuum cleaners. These are a no name brand from what I can tell and 1 of the glass balls broke off from the base after installation. I will be returning my order and going back to 60w traditional bulbs.
This lamp is a piece of crap. It has very poor workmanship &/or materials because all it does it flicker constantly. At first it was only on one setting but after a day or so it became all settings. Really wish I wouldn't have bought this. I would rather have bought something uglier that actually works. Instead I have to add to the landfill 👎
I have a feeling I'm going to love it, but it is missing one of the connector parts. :(
The tubes holding the light to the battery boxes broke out of the brass box when just taking them out of the packing. The boxes did not mount in good position for lighting the picture (too high and far away for the picture). The remote only works 10% of the time. Too expensive to be this poorly made.
2 out of 6 don't work. 2 months later 2 more quit working on USB ports. Don't waste money
This item was purchased in 2017 and failed in early 2019. That may not seem like a problem except that it was used in our Florida home that is only used four (4) months of the year. Junk!!!!
Wonky. one of the bars fell off. Instructions are terrible and I ended up having to take one the bars off when putting it over the toilet because it blocks the water hose from the wall to toilet. Returned it because it was badly designed.
I used the fast patch to conceal a tennis ball sized hole in the wall, and it looks awful. I went by the book with the instructions, but the hole bulges and the tape lines are anything but subtle. I was steered wrong by the rave reviews. Also, 31 stickers were a rip. There is one large sticker and the rest are small to tiny. Stick with hole filler and wall screens. Totally bummed about this purchase.
Highly upset about this purchase, just had the lights installed, had to pay for that of course.. already had a fixture blow on me. Highly upset
Z-wave plugins are all too big. They block at least one more outlet in addition to the one they're plugged into. You can't plug two into a standard, 2 outlet box. This seemed like a great solution. Unfortunately, the unit didn't work properly. It shut off one of the outlets at arbitrary times (leaving me with cold coffee). Also, the user-interface is very poor. Having to hit the tiny little button multiple times to turn one outlet on vs. the other is hard to do correctly (4 times to turn one one). And, no one in the house could remember all the variations for turning each outlet on/off. They really need to add another button so there is one for each outlet. It is beyond 30 days since I ordered it, otherwise, I would return it.
Died after 6 months. Waste of money.
not bright enough. we tossed in trash.
Couldn't select zero stars. When the light comes on, the power to the bulb is reduced dramatically. The bulb will be so dim that you might as well go back to fumbling for your keys in the dark! I bought 2 and both did the same thing. Very disappointed with Intermatic brand. I've used their products before and the quality was always great. Cheap imported junk.
This is the worst filter I have ever had. There was a foul strong plastic taste to the water. My unfiltered tap water tastes much better. Tested the water from the filter and the TDS level is much higher then the tap water. A complete waste of money. Will stick with a reputable filter company in the future.
This LED lights did not stick to my walls. I set them up in my room (efficiently, I made sure they shouldnt fall off) and left for a couple hours. When I came back they had completely fallen off. I messaged them to see if I could get my money back or if another one could be sent to me because I thought maybe the one I received was defective and they never even responded and its been 2 weeks.
These locks are easy to program and seemed like they would work great. However, after a week one of the locks stopped working. It won't close at all. This is very inconvenient because I shared the package with a friend so I only have one lock which no longer works.
Did not use I ended up sending them back because they were the wrong size.
Two of the six bulbs came broken. I have used the other four bulbs up in six months. They work fine, but don't last long. Very disappointed.
I never recieved the order...I looked up my order derails and it said it was hand deliverd to customer...it wasn't me. Someone out there has my order!
Ripped paint off the wall. Had no idea this could happen. Put plenty on to more than hold the picture per instructions. Came in the next day to find picture hanging by one hook and other hook and paint torn off the wall.
Only 2 bulbs work, 2 bulbs just don't turn on and one twitches, just AWFUL, and it's not a soft white either, it's a daylight color.
The product never arrived.
Of the three lights purchased only one works as advertised. Their seems to be a problem with the motion sensors. One light turns on intermittently. One works only if you place your hand directly on the sensor. Only one light works as advertised. The installation is simple. The lights while on offer an adequate amount of light.
I installed this pump in my Motorhome soon after delivery and it did operate well and was fairly quiet. We didn't use the Motorhome until two months later. Two days out, the motor in the pump burned out. I would not recommend this pump.
Received product Jan 29 and already I have to change batteries on both remotes. Car computer telling me to change them. I think they should last at least a year.
Worst product ever it does not works pump does not works as supposed to. Have try to reinstall many times and it does not works.
One of the spotlights was damaged when they arrived this afternoon. Very, very disappointed. With that said, I have no idea what they will look like if I can't use them.
Does not motion sense, app does not pick up once doorbell rings, spend more to get what you want. This product does not work
Cute lamp but lamp shade looked like it was defective. Special shade would be hard to replace.
Very very small item
If I could give it a zero star I would. False advertising....advertised as a 3 pack....but you only get one. BIG RIPOFF! !! Returning this. Buyer beware
I am not too happy. It only stays if I put 1 sponge but not 2. It falls.
No valve just a plastic box feel ripped off.
Dont buy..the faucet has a small and everytime you turn it on it has sediment.had a plumber come out and they said it's the faucet..called the company and they said deal with amazon. Read Amazon rules and cant return.
Battery did not work, did try with another battery and the light works fine, but battery doesnt work!
Product says 2, 12 feet hoses but they are maybe 5 feet each at best. Returning and now a day behind schedule. I'm annoyed .
Unfortunately this product just didn't work for me. The item required 2.4 speed, my Modem is 3.0 but couldn't find the smart plug, Disappointed.
I failed to read the other reviews. I used the hardware that came with the towel bar because...it came with the towel bar.The screw does not fit the anchor. Long story short, I now have a dime sized hole in my wall where the anchor pushed through the drywall when I was trying to get the screw in. I already put all 7 anchors in so I am pretty pissed right now. As you can see from the pictures, I couldn't even get the screw out of the anchor, I had to pull the entire thing out of the wall.
I had this bench for 3 months in my shower and it loosened up very bad. I re-tightened the bolts and within a week it just broke in pieces.
Can't believe Amazon would put a piece of garbage like this on there site. Totally does not work
This was an “Amazon Choice” item. I ordered July 4, 2019. Latest delivery date was Aug. 15th. I waited a week and still didn't receive it. Amazon message says it's not covered by A to Z guarantee. Now waiting for reply from vendor. Low satisfaction on ratings. Spend a couple bucks more and get it delivered.
Didn't even shop up. Was refunded after a week and then the order was cancelled. I love amazon but I was dissapointed.
Never received item and seller has stopped responding. Won't be dealing with them again. Buyer beware.
It looks like the package wasn't sealed and new. Upon opening, one of the sensors was used with discoloration of the contact area, no cellophane around or factory seal. Hopefully it works at least
Fell off the wall within 24 hours.
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT STILL, PLEASE LOCATE IT TO BE DELIVERED TO US.
This is what I received. After pulling forever to get it apart it's not what is pictured. It's plastic on plastic. What is pictured is what I need and now it's not eligible to return. Wtf
The batch that I received was permanently affixed to the paper backing. When I tried to peel the stickers away nothing but paper came up behind them. Either way, these are probably not ideal to use on a wall. Based on what I saw I'm guessing that even if the stickers did peel off of their backing correctly that they would not be easy to remove from a wall even if you didn't leave them there for very long. I was especially disappointed because the label said this product was made in the U.S.A. - which I would like to support 100%. The alternative product that I ended up using (it is amazing) was made in England.
Purchased this showerhead as a replacement for one I purchased a couple years ago This one is identical to the one purchased before....I THOUGHT!! It looks the same but it is NOT the same. I purchased the previous one at a higher end plumbing/fixture store. This one on amazon is made for mass consumption and is not the same quality. the water flow is not as great as the low of my older showerhead even though I removed the water-saver mechanism in the new one. Its a cheaper product. Ended up using the older showerhead.
Hi, I am upset because the photo shows both the container and the cap in the picture. I expected to receive that. But no, you just get the container and have to pay another 8 dollars to get the cap for it. That is way too much money for such a little part.
These did not turn on .. need My refund
A white van leaves packages on porch in plain view, it would take two seconds to put packages behind chairs or behind bushes so the thieves can't see them, Very poor delivery service,
Stopped working within two days
Amazon is great with their refund policy. I never could get this bell button to pair with my chime even though they are from the same company and the description assured me it would work with any Zenith chime set. Wrong. Thank goodness for Amazon and their amazing customer service. Many thanks. For now, anyone wanting entry will just have to use the 5 knuckle method and knock!
I got a used product which did not come with the necessary pins for the wheels. Only needed it for one move and was very disappointed that I needed to move everything by hand because it did not come with these parts.
Ordered about 8 back in March and 2 have already gone out and no longer work! Amazon wants me to pay to send them back for replacements...and when 2 more go out...then 2 more...?! Nope! Just save your money and don't buy these!
Ordered last year and just got around to installing...... or atleast I thought I would. Unit is missing the * button
Returned. Because it did not fit Please confirm refund.
A very helpful note would be that THIS BULB WILL NOT WORK IN RESIDENTIAL HOMES!!!
Not that great. Purchased to run the cable for my dash cam. It does not hold the cable, and they simply detach and falls off.
The product didnt work. The plumber installed it and water was flowing out of the heater and flooding my bathroom. Couldn't get another one because by the time I installed it the refund period for it which was 1 month was up.
I haven't seen this anywhere else to buy so will have to return and re-buy. Frustrated that I don't have the option to exchange and the price on this fluctuates but a lot daily! The first one came with a dent on the top, so it wasn't round and looked bad. The second one was all scratched around the knob, looked awful and you couldn't even see the scratches until it was taken out of the package. Way overpriced for what this is and since so far all damaged metal. Hoping the next one will come in decent enough condition
All lights had been intentionally sabotaged. Packaging was intact from Amazon but when I opened shipping box the individual light boxes had been opened and the pull chain switch had been yanked out.
Comes with fuses that were too powerful for our dryer, ended up blowing out both circuit boards on dryer which would have costed $375 plus labor to fix. Thankfully we ended up finding exact same dryer super cheap on Craigslist and used the circuit boards off that.
WE bought 2 The first stayed red and made a buzzing noise. Second one worked for a week and then we could not get it to work. was in process of returning them but the ended up in the trash by error but go figure
Defective product in a worn box.
Was not as described
Received item. Both keys broken
You can purchase 4 of these bulbs roughly the price of 2 more expensive brand name bulbs. Ultimately you'll end up with ZERO, because they are not reliable or work well. I have 2, One failed to connect at all the other had minimal success. Some technology requires an investment, purchase the industry leading brand and enjoy. Skip these unless you want expensive regular light bulbs
One transmitter quit working after less than a month. Still trying to figure out how to change the battery. Item won't work in a power outage. Easy to install.
Worked good for first 2 weeks. Now none of the outlets OR USB will work. Terrible
Worked for literally 45 minutes then died. You get what you pay for.
Bought in June 2019 and USBs stopped charging in October 2019. Nice concept, but longevity and durability of product is substandard at best.
It didn't work as the original
I never got it delivered . So I bought again from other vendor
(Came Used and broken straight out the package) Even tho I read all the review and they were bad I took a chance thinking I could overcome the issues other ppl had but this just isn't worth buying. Design is nice, but what's good of a lock if it doesn't work . Save your time and money and look else where !!!
I ordered the wrong size but no invoice was enclosed with the product or any contact information given. Yes, I could have tracked down the info for returns through my Amazon order but not worth the time.
We bought this to hang up webbing for Halloween decorations. We thought that since web is light and we were sticking to the stucco it would work perfectly ... not so ! Everything had to be redone the next day :(
the shower head is threaded for metric thread not isp do not buy in the US. missed return date now have to through in the trash
All the elements had bent contacts. It seems other buyers are having the same problem. They were well packed. Double boxed and bubble wrapped so it seems unlikely this damage happened in shipping. If you dare to order these you will need pliers to straighten the contacts.
Bought 2. Easy to set up and worked perfectly for 60 days, then 1 died.
Need instructions on how to install the bar
Purchased these, changed one of the bulbs and it only lasted one week and blew out.
After 6 months will not hold a charge more than a week and now won't even power on
I purchased my first timer in 2013 and just received a fourth warranty replacement. On average, each timer has worked well for slightly more than one year, and then the integrated backup rechargeable battery fails. The battery is supposed to retain the current date and time for about 24 hours when a power outage occurs. But, either the integrated battery or charging circuitry used by Leviton is deficient. Also, the rechargeable battery cannot be removed and replaced. After about one year the current date and time is lost whenever power flickers for just a moment. Leviton seems to acknowledge the problem indirectly as their customer service has never argued when I request a warranty replacement. But, I am getting tired of the annual replacement schedule. I've also read a number of complaints about this issue on Leviton's knowledge base web page. So, it's not just me, and Leviton doesn't appear to be taking any corrective action.
Whatever you do, please stay clear of this product. Amazon should stop selling it immediately. I have now made three separate purchases of the same product hoping to find six trims that did not arrive all scratched up. After three attempts, the product receives a major fail. Not one trim arrived in new shape. And the last box arrived with three trim missing. The product is junk from China and every piece just sits on top of one another and easily scratches the surface. It's too bad because the product itself seems well made. Somebody needs to improve quality control.
I don't know what this is or how it got in my orders.
Individual plugs do not work with Alexa; it is all or nothing. They've said that the problem would be taken care of in a week.....that was in July.
You didn't send me the item and you send me vitamins I don't know wy
my dishwasher is fairly new, but due to using liquid soap, it has soap residue drips on it. I tried this afresh tablets thinking it should come off pretty easily and when I opened it, it looked exactly the same. I ended up using vinegar and baking soda and scrubbing it off myself. Such a waste.
Product failed at 12.5 months from purchase.
After 1 week one of the light bulbs have already burned out.
while the size and style are great the door is poorly engineered...I didn't bother downloading an image of the broken off door because everyone before me already did and now I'm really wishing I had done more homework ahead of time via the feedback. Don't waste your money!
Worst door knob ever! Do not buy!
Too small, can only submerge up to my pelvis and I'm 5ft 7 in
I didn't work at all!
These are worthless.....They flicker on low setting for microwave light......DO NOT buy if you need to use them on low setting!!!!!
It was the perfect switch until they put out a firmware update. It originally had a green nightlight that lit up the switch and also showed it was connected to WiFi. After updating no more green light. I called amazon and Manufacturer. Have yet to hear back.
It does not work as claimed or shown in the video. The screen door still slams. Complete waste of effort.
This item is cheaply made, and broke after only a few months. The truck comes off the light easily, as well. It's too bad, because it'd be a nice product, otherwise.
Only lasted 2 weeks. Had 2 of them outside on my porch pointed at my glow in the dark skeleton and snake. Bugs got into the lights and caused them not to work. Definitely not for outside use.
when i got my light the wire thing that holds the batteries in was broken,Not a happy person
It wasn't until I had the lock installed that I discovered none of the keys that came with it fit the lock.
Ordered 8 cans 26 Feb then 2 March notified it was returned to sender with no reason given; very bad customer service. Guess I will go to Wal-Mart if Amazon can't get their stuff together!
I just got them today, and haven't had a chance to install them they seem like pretty good hinges and the self closing mechanism works well. BUT the screws are too long and will go right threw my solid oak cabinets. I wish they would give you the option to select shorter screws. Now that I have to go to the hardware store and buy 100 pairs of new screws it makes this purchase more expense then the list price
These were impossible to use. After finally figuring out how to set the combination, it didn't work to unlock them. Bought for a team building and they ended up being worthless.
The product is missing the wall mount.
These clear leg tips began to crack and fall off within a few weeks of putting them on my patio chairs--inside my enclosed patio or outdoors, it didn't make any difference. Pick up a chair to move it and one or two of the tips fall off. Worst things I ever bought from Amazon!
They are worthless to me. I could find no way to turn them on and leave them on until I purposely turn them off. It's ridiculous.
Arrived broken. Pretty sure it's in the ac adapter. Sucks big time because I have a bunch of seedlings that need the light.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! first off, it didn't come with an adapter, second, you have to tape the wires to the cords which do not stay and make me very mad. If I could do negative stars I would and I want a refund!!
Cheap and didn't work .
I got my mask last night and was aiming to wear it today. I don't have a wide face, but this mask is poorly designed. This mask is sewn as if you have a snout and no nose bridge. I couldn't get the clip on my nose or cover my face properly. The vent popped off too, which I will need to put back in with the assumption it wasn't placed correctly when they put the filter on it. There's no material between the filter and your face, which means your skin will be irritated by the stitches of the filter. I would not buy this again.
Thought it was just the bulb it comes with. Tried multiple other ones, same wattage. Tried different outlets. Only lasted a few hours.
This guy is a crook. He did not send the item at all. I remember paying for two not one. I had to search for and bought another reading headlamps which were delivered yesterday.
Sent wrong item and that wrong item was missing a piece to it. Contacted seller to replace, and was told a replacement was sent. Never recieved replacement and seller didnt respond to last message i sent
Disappointed. The picture shown is NOT the same tree. The tree is small, definitely not 6 ft tall. Description and picture are very misleading.
These are 5000 K not 2700 K. They are wayyyy too white for my bedroom. I hate them.
Shower head was bent out of the box. I reached out to the seller requesting a replacement and received no response.
it doesn't offer a broad area coverage
Standard electric cords polarized or not, ground plug or not, will not stay plugged in. The slightest movement makes the cords come unplugged as if the slots are too large. The USB slots work fine. I've tried so many different types of cords with the same result and have passed the return date that I will just turn it into the recycling facility.
my 13 year old daughter was able to break into it with just a pair of scissors. I'm FURIOUS right now!
When I received the bulb and installed it I discovered that it didn't work right out of the box. I immediately started a return on Amazon, and shipped the defective bulb back on the 29th of December via UPS. I have heard nothing from this company so I left feedback asking for an update, but they have not replied. It's now been 10 days since I sent back the defective bulb and I have not received a refund nor has the company replied to me. To say that I'm disappointed is an understatement, especially since this company has so many positive reviews.
the other works fine. but they are slightly off color with each other. after a few weeks one seems to have gotten stuck in the socket and screwing it out pulls one of the terminals off the bulb exposing wires..
One notch above useless! Unless your situation involves gravity assist or perhaps is level, it will be you doing most of the work.
Does hold, popped off even when i softly opened the door. Unfortunate, i was excited for these.
Product did not last long little more than one year. Seller says warranty expired, cannot do anything.
unable to change the colors after 6 months. not recommended. I am happy to update my review after I contact the customer support to see what my options are. Edit: contacted ustellar for replacement. They gladly approved and told me they would ship me 2 new units in 15 days. After 30 days of no sign of shipment I contacted them and they told me these are out of stock. Still trying to figure out a solution. I will update this review again. So far terrible experience.
I have Lutron Caseta throughout the house and have been running it for months - the automation / connectivity reliability for Lutron is rock solid in comparison to this manufacturer - was looking to integrate this device with HomeKit automation of my lights. This is not ready for prime time: 1. Pairing is sporadic. Device is active, but sometimes presents itself to be paired, other times not. Attempted pairing on multiple devices, different iPhones and iPads thinking maybe it was just my iPhone, it wasn't. 2. Device updates are very delayed / latent - as in minutes, sometimes as much as 10-15 minutes. This is supposed to be a sensor that operates in near real time, not sure what the deal is? 3. Automation in Homekit is unreliable. Set up a very simple routine, when it senses movement, turn on the lights. The sensor would blip that it picked up motion - half the time, it would not trigger the automation routine at all. Other times, the latency to trigger the lights would range from 10 seconds to as much as a minute. What's the purpose of that? I'll just turn the lights on manually if it's going to take THAT long. This can't be with Homekit, it's got to be with this manufacturer. With my Lutron set-up, when I turn on the lights through the Homekit app, theres almost imperceptible lag time and 100% reliability to trigger actions, as it should be.
Worked for a hr then started flashing like crazy nonstop for no reason. Broke the first day.
Wrong sink, wrong color, and not in condition listed.
These caps do not work without a washer. Seller should know this and washer should be included like everyone else does. And seller states in questions that the washer is included.
very, very dim light. will be returning
I followed the instructions and tried to change my code for the lock. However, the bottom piece will not turn back into locking position making this useless.
In about a year's time, 3 of the 5 have blown out, each one after only a few months with only moderate use. I expect the 4th and 5th ones to follow suit as they've only recently started use. Will be contacting the seller for refund or replacement under warranty for the 3 of them that have already blown out. Will update the review when I know more.
never received this. trying to figure out how to not be charged for it.
It loses calibration after a couple times of opening & closing the blinds. I've had it for about 2 weeks & have been recalibrating all 3 of them every other day. It's nice to have them on schedule mode but they're always uneven & it's annoying to calibrate again & again.
I am very disappointed in this product. I prepared an old cat scratched leather chair according to instructions but the product: 1.) Did not hold down the scratches without a ton of product on them. And 2.) Peeled off after drying when rubbed. There is no way this is going to be able to handle an entire chair. I just tried it on a couple of spots that had scratches and a few nice areas. My plan was to change the colar of a Terra-cotta colored chair to an off-white, Linen color. I do not believe this product can handle it. Also, my chair has a texture. I would want to match the real leather texture. This product should include a mold to press onto the damp product in order to do this. It does not. There are car seat kits that do include these molds. I will need to try a different product.
This bulb blew out as soon as I screwed it in. I had to go to the second one and that one is ok so far (fingers crossed). If it were a one pack I would have been in trouble. I didn't intend on paying for two, but only getting the use out of one. What's the point? Please help!
Did not ship. Will not re-ship. Only option was refund through amazon.
This lamp is not at all orange- despite what the picture shows, it shines bright white. It's not the shape pictured in the listing, as you can see. Also, there is no dimmer switch, or any switch at all, for that matter. All that came in the box was the lamp, a glass dish to set in the top, a leaky bottle of lavender oil, and a USB converter, so you can either plug it into a USB socket or a two pronged outlet. The wood base is nice, but has an over-sized piece of vinyl glued to it, so it doesn't "hide" under the wood. I turned it on for about three hours, and it didn't get hot enough to make the oil drops I put in the cup disperse. Very disappointed. If you want a salt lamp, try one of the more expensive ones.
After three days charging only two of six worked.
I did not order this product.
Once applied the fan stopped squealing and fine for a week. The squealing came slowly and is now back to a loud squeal. I guess it's time to replace the fan.
Way smaller than what I expect or what it shows in the picture.
A product does not work. It did not generate any suction in will not stick to the light bulb.
False advertising!!! Tried it on 3 different 5v power banks did not work! Returning, soooo annoying!! I wish amazon would be better about monitoring these cheap falsely advertised products!!
Worst tie downs i have ever used. They get stuck consistently and cannot release. Have to hit them with hammer on the occasion just to get released. My other auto retracting set from harbor freight works flawless.
They don't work. Very disappointed. Never worked.
One of the bulbs went out right away. I hope the others are better for the price
When I accidentally hit unknown buttons on my new alarm system, I thought it was of no further use. I ordered another system and filed a claim on the first system. I did an online chat with a Asurion. I have an emailed copy of the chat but there is no claim number in the chat transcript. I then ordered a 2nd system just like the 1st on. Afterward, I saw a place to ask for help from other consumers on the alarm problem. The seller saw my post and gave me their email address which was actually printed in the booklet, but I had transposed letters in the email address and my 1st and 2nd emails were returned. After I entered the email to the seller correctly, they answered my problem giving me the email address which I copied and pasted into an email. They helped me resolve the problem with the 1st alarm set. Now, I have two working alarm sets. The Asurion guy on the chat had told me someone would call me from Asurion within 8 days. They didn't. I tried to contact them on their website, but they didn't have my order number listed and didn't give me a claim number on the chat. Now I have no way to tell them I need the claim cancelled. I guess it doesn't matter anyway since they don't recognize that I even filed a claim.
Don't waste your money. They do not work! I live in Phoenix, we have constant sun and still couldn't light these things.
You can hear these tick, which is very annoying.
My water bottle straw broke off after just two months. The bottle is now garbage. Very disappointed.
Since I received this lamp two weeks ago, I used it twice before it completely ceased working. I replaced with a new bulb but it still does not work. This lamp is made with poor quality parts and is not worth the money I paid for. I do not recommend this product. This product does not even deserve one star.
Please read before buying. No installation directions included with purchase. The provided clip fasteners do a terrible job attaching. After three rooms were flooded due to this bad fit, I reattached the hose with sealant and added a C-Clamp.
The original bulb lasted for 8 years. We have gone through 4 of these in 7 months. Pay up and get better quality.
Worked fine for one day. Then it stopped working completely. Do not buy.
Good lights but one of four of them stay on almost constant.
Beware this is very poor quality. I have a long background in remodeling. Didn't get to complete the installation, when this sleeve in which the internal piece holds onto to fell apart with minor pressure causing it to break.
Terrible customer service, at first my safe was supposed to arrive on the 5th, then It was the 8th, then the 14th, and now I'm being told I have to contact the shipping company to find where my order is??? DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE. I also found out the they just bought it from Wal-Mart and had the shipping company pick it up. I could have just drove to Wal-Mart and bought it myself to save all this headache!
The product arrived with one of the lights not working.
You get what you pay for. I bought this because I have used wall cling decals for Halloween in the past. This one did cost less. However, it was very difficult to get the plastic sheet aligned to the page with the characters on it. After several attempts to get it to cover the page, it stuck to itself and in frustration was thrown into the trash. I do not recommend this product.
I have NOT received this product yet
Never worked right from day one
This product didn't last me 2 full months. The red and blue LED lights went out and now its only green. I want a replacement or refund.
Don't waste your money. These work well for capturing the hair and sink debris but within a few weeks the mesh began to rust. These are nearly impossible to clean. I do not recommend.
I bought this to test it out since I needed to buy several solar lights. The detachable solar panel was a huge plus. I left this out sitting along with another unit from a separate company for a few months I got busy/forgot these were out there. Well I went out today to install it and this unit is dead. I popped the battery compartment no seal in the lid. one of the batteries corroded. So Im going to see if I can bring it back to life with a little cleaning. for now 1 star because it died after a few months of rain.
number are the same as my stove an they don't fit,,, bewear twice this happen to me with other produces.. I think it time to not do amazon any more getting tired of it an it cost more to send it back
Product ended up jumping my psi on my filter from around 12 to almost 20 and I didn't see any improvement on circulation but that's hard to judge really returned to using my original equipment.
The bulb isn't discoverable with the sylvania smart home app, which is the entire point of buying it. It can't perform the basic task of connecting to my phone so I can turn it on and off with Bluetooth. Its a cheap, dim bulb and there are plenty of better options available. This was an absolute waste of time, effort, and money.
Piece of junk. The threads are too loose to seal and it goes hand tight all the way into the nipple. Pipe dope does not help, I tightened as tight as can be but still leaks under normal pressure. Sucks after changing my other piping from vertical to horizontal to have this go in correctly.
This was only about 2 feet long. NOT what pictured! 😬
The element blew up 10 seconds after I started the dryer. I have replaced this before 4 years ago so I know how to install it. I returned it and still haven't received my refund.
I ordered four of these remotes and none of them worked. only 2 of them would even sync to the wii console and the that did sync wouldn't work, the cursor never showed up on the screen.
The alarm started going off after 1 week and would not stop unless the batteries are removed.
Did not work when tried
My item just started ringing when it got wet because of the rain I guess I going to have to buy a different brand.
I tried to cancel this order within 10 minutes of placing it. They shipped it anyway and when I sent it back (never even opened it), they charged me return shipping and a restocking fee! I only got back half the money I spent. NOT good customer service. I will NOT do business with them again!
I literally used the hammer one time and the head flew off.
Horrible. I could paint cleaner lines blindfolded with a broom.
I did not get the one had ordered these candles don't change colors at all is just simple ones.
Really unhappy with purchase, stands didn't work after single use despite replacing batteries.
The images are blurry and very soft. I don't recommend this product. The projector is super weak and it won't project well from far away (super soft and blurry)
This is a joke right? I paid over a hundred and fifty dollars for this? Cheap, flimsy, plastic, everything including the faucet is made out of cheap plastic! I should really send this back, but I'm going to give it a whirl, against my better judgement. If I were to put a fair price tag on this product, I would say it's worth about 60 bucks. I am going to bolt this thing down to the floor, because if I don't, when I give my dog a bath in this thing, I'll be wearing it. By the way, he's a chihuahua. I really hate to be so rough on you guys, but you need to do us a favor and lower the price, this is economy class.
didnt see anything at front door
Just terrible. I order a set of 8 and only 2 worked so i ordered a replacement set and only 2 worked properly and another 2 only worked if I hit them a few times after putting in the batteries. I also cant even find any type of customer service information for this company so I can't even make a formal complaint. Ill now have to return 2 sets of broken candles and go out of my way
on client site and could not get juice on the back side of unit was outlet lit green with tester so unsure of status
I never received it. How could I give you a review of a product that was never shipped and I have never received? I paid for it, still don;t have it, and the delivery company keeps promising they will deliver it, but never show up. Doesn't say a whole lot for Amazon and the shipping company.
I have had it about a week or so and when i went to use it the button broke and it stays on all the time . I have had to use something to keep it off . But its a pain in the but to use it now !!! It was never dropped !
This one is cheaply mad. It tears so easily. I wasted my money on it. And now I have this black boarder STUCK to the paint on my door frame and no net to keep the bugs out.
This product did nothing to clean my dishwasher. A waste of money
Failed after 2 months
You get what you pay for. Plug will not stay in, prongs to small. Cord was frayed. Not safe to use.
I was not happy at all with these bulbs. After replacing my bulbs with this product, every single one produced an irritating buzzing sound. Definitely would not recommend these to anyone.
Unfortunately I've tried several times and couldn't get any bulb in the pack to work at all.
Made the mistake of going cheap these are miss shaped and fit lopsided. They also cover parts of the screen. I guess ya get what ya pay for
This is being returned! Immediately! As soon as I put batteries in it, they started to heat up and the lights would not activate. The batteries got so hot I was frightened and of course took them out immediately. AND YES I double triple checked that the batteries were facing the right direction. Not worth a house fire! Also gave it one star because Zero stars is NOT an option.
Terrible performing product. I have only had it 3 months and the brown coating is coming off and separation starting to show. It will just be a matter of time before water intrusion. This is the most expensive tarp I have ever bought and the worst performing. I would not recommend buying, and I will go back to mfg. for customer satisfaction.
9 months later still never recieved this. At no fault to the company btw. Amazon lost the order and no one will remedy this.
I had an electrician install as an extra, after installing ceiling fans. He tried multiple plates in different outlets in two different homes. NONE OF THEM WORKED. Made the rooms dark, covered the sensor...tried all of the troubleshooting...nada. Garbage.
The holes don't line up to the existing holes in my cabinets.. extremely frustrating
Big waste of money. I have one of those offending front load LG wash machines with all the rubber in the front. Mold growing "greenhouse" with these machines. Thought this would help. Not a speck of difference. And it didn't clean any better after the 3rd consecutive cycle. Thank goodness this was cheap.
I put the lights on my vanity mirror tested it. Worked perfect. Went to go turn it on the next day and it didn't work anymore.
Pictures are lies - you can only select one color for all lights, won't work if you lose remote, no button on the unit.
I don't want to return this as it would be too expensive. I want you to stop selling them.
Great quality, really nice. Got money back for a shade that was bent in the shipping process. But a couple of weeks later a sticker came off of the bottom claiming there was lead in them!
The software kept telling me to re-calibrate. It would work for a couple days then detect leaks that were not there. I'm sending it back.
Stopped working after one week
I wouldn't even give this 1 star but had no choice. I hate this faucet. It looks pretty but absolutely NO water pressure, not even enough to make the sprayer work. We bought this to replace our old leaky faucet. It looks nice but at least with my old leaky faucet I had pressure. I do not recommend this faucet.
I bought two of these. The first one was missing the base plates and screws. The second one, the screws in the legs are misaligned and therefore do not fit into the base plates squarely.
This lamp lasted only about a month before the bulb went dim. I see that there wasn't a warranty period so guess I can't return. However, the next night when I turned it on it was bright again.............so we shall see.
The box came with an unusual amount of tape on it, the box was destroyed. The glass parts were broken and parts were missing.
This is the second of the bulbs I've purchased. The first worked fine with Alexa, but I cannot get Alexa to find this bulb on the network. So while the bulb can be controlled by the app, I can't use it with Alexa which is the reason I bought it.
Wrong screw sent with cover. Disappointed
These put off a lot of heat in kitchen in which you don't want. Heats the kitchen up and in Arizona with plus 110 degree temperatures and increase of an electric bill these are not adequate for your needs. Need ones that don't give off heat.
These will not stay on the wall. The adhesive is terrible. By the time I put them on and saw that they fall off within a couple days, it was too late to ask for a refund.
Do not buy this!!! First off the box says rust resistant. I recieved this green (not black as described) rusted old mailbox with numbers still on the broken lid. WTF Amazon?? Did your driver steal this off someone's house and deliver to me!!
Worked well for about two hours total time, using it on a boat.
I will never buy again from 3rd party sellers. I ended up paying too much for returning the product.
I purchased in June and hired an HVAC professional to install. After several calls to Nest support, it was determined that we had a faulty plate so we attempted to install the 2nd and again after several calls and a couple of hours, determined that that one wouldn't hold its charge long enough to install. In both cases, the window to return them had lapsed so I am out of $400 plus and then had to buy a regular thermostat to boot! Lesson here, do not buy this product until you are ready to install it!
Arrived and didn't work, bought as a gift for my husband, called customer service and left a message and didn't hear anything back in the 24-48 hour window so had to contact Amazon for a refund, and probably overpriced given the quality
Lamp would light up so didn't need extra bulbs
One of the electrical connections on the back was damaged. This would have been dangerous to install!
In less than 3 years after replacement the big brass colored ring used to tighten the arm mount (the big ring/nut) broke again. Split in two. No, it did not overdo tightening the nut. Turned on the faucet and the whole thing came of the wall due to the water pressure. Its a nice looking arm mount, solid, except that plastic cheap feeling nut. Made in China? I'm really very disappointed in Delta. They should offer the option to buy that nut separately. I'm sure I'm not the only one dealing with this issue.
I ordered it over a month ago, and still didn't get it!
Not wired correctly for use under water.
terrible,,, very hard to connect hose to tire valve, especially in the harsh winter when it's 15-20 degrees.........my hands froze.....it went back!!!
Followed the instructions, didn't work at all.
Would not recommend this. Power head stopped working after 4 months. Customer service was good they sent me a new one. Then guess what. That stopped working. I gave up and installed a delta. I didn't return it because I couldn't be bothered.
Two of them worked for only one night.
Had it installed for less than 10 days and stopped heating. Ended up having order new parts again.
They worked great for about a week, panel was too flimsy for a thunderstorm that came through and cord came out of BOTH panels (about a week apart) not impressed but For the price couldnt relly be angry
Received the completely wrong product. A cheap plastic faucet made by a different manufacturer...
Did not receive, was sent 4” lites instead of 6” remodel cans
Will not stay stuck to the wall.
Did NOT get what I ordered! I ordered 9 black remotes and they sent me ugly cream colored ones that no one wants!! You have a choice which color to buy. I chose black, but they claim they can substitute to another color if THEY want to! So you order one thing they send you another.. again too bad so sad Amazon just stole your money!
These lights were great for 3 weeks, and then they just stopped working. The colors were great and vivid. All of a sudden, when we tried to turn them on, they no longer come on. That happened about 3 weeks or so after we put them up.
so, this thing is like a big fat crochet hook designed to grab the inside lip of the jacuzzi ball and pull. Which would be great, except that it's ONE QUARTER INCH TOO SHORT. Maybe Kohler changed their design to make it deeper, or something, but this tool is next to USELESS for removing jets from my tub. Instead of the ball lip, all you can "grab" is the sloped ledge inside the ball, which with a LOT of persistence and side pressure might eventually get the insert to let go. We finally "modified" the tool by melting portions of the stop-ball away, making it more functional and much less pretty. Caveat Emptor.
I can't open,I bought it for more than a month, and today I have time to open it and find many shortcomings! The light link is not very good! And I feel so small, much smaller than I thought!
The units sent to me do not change according to temperature. They are the multiple color units and temperature has nothing to do with the color. Incorrect information in the description.
Too small and the cape and wiring are not standard american. made for asian markets.
These consistently suck and quit working properly (leakage, etc) after a few months. But there aren't really any other better options on the market. The refill cartridges are extremely expensive, as much as buying a whole new unit almost.
I have had this installed in my wall with a square rainfall shower head for only three months (almost to the day). This morning the pipe broke inside the wall where it screws into the brass plumbing. It rusted the threads and sheared of upon attempting to unscrew the pipe. Additionally the pipe shows rust damage all over. Due to the terrible quality of material I now have thousands of dollars worth of damage to my house to to this pipe breaking and leaking behind my wall, flooding the ceiling below as well as the wall.
I bought the 3 pack and had no issue with the first 2. Went to use the third and it is NOT the same and didn't seal off the water. Waste of money. Only OEM for me from now on
Wire was short and only 20ft not 20 ft so didn't work for what I needed it for....very disappointed in the description, and misleading.
Doesn't work right out of box. It is very cute! Thank goodness for Amazon, they gave me a refuned and I hope next one works.
This fan looks like someone took down their old brass fan from the eighties and sponge painted it with brown.
Opened to find used and cut items
Everything on this light is cheap garbage parts. The whole this is cheaply made plastic. Completely overpriced. I made a real one with real wood and metal for 30 bucks. Do NOT waste your money.
Do not buy these if you intend to use them in HomeKit, they consistently go off line. As a home automation device this one has along way to go. I should have bought Lutron.
Order came on time, but the threads on the shower outlet were bad. Had to get a master plumber to fix a less than 10.00 dollar item. A lot of work was done to the bathtub to get to the tub spout. The shower head could not be used nor the tub spout to fill the tub. I expect a full return from Amazon.
I am seriously disappointed. :/ I bought these because my cousin recommended them and loves them so I wanted to as well! I don't know if I got a bad batch or what the issue is, but these are only working MAYBE 10% of the time. Some of the pieces I was sent won't even stay up and the little switch does nothing. I'm disappointed that I now have to find and buy new locks to protect my 14 month old.
They won't light much up. I was hoping to shoot the light up a tree. This is not a spot light.
Only last one week. Once week later, believe me, tap water is even better. Maybe only the genuine filter in future.
Wrote Amazon several times with no response. Received broken
Crap products that break easily. Bought two and they both broke right after the warranty expired. Definitely don't recommend.
Big mistake did not fit in window track
Great faucet, Hardware Brand Store is not an authorized retailer for Kraus so Kraus will not honor the warranty. Ended up buying another faucet and had to uninstall this one and send it back. Makes sure you buy from an authorized retailer!
Great lighting. Bad directions burnt out 8 lights before we knew that anything needed to be modified. The outer box states otherwise spent alot of money to find out that 8 were done. Irritating!!!! GOt an email from the company trying to make good of the purchase... BUT never rec'd any replacement bulbs And several months later... still no replacement lights!
work for the 1st 2 hours after sun sets and ... work for the 1st 2 hours after sun sets and then u can never turn them on. also the base for broken easily. Cheaply made product
Piece of junk. Super cheap. Worked only for about a week and then wouldn't even stay lit for 10 hours to act as a night light for my kids. Constantly had to be plugged into the wall and didn't come with an adapter.
Used sprayer one time and the spray tip seal malfunctioned spraying paint everywhere. Called Graco and they were not willing to send another as replacement. Had to spend another $30 otherwise unit is worthless.
Does not work on porcelain...not at all.....and its non refundable
Less than one year after install in my Jeep for accessories, the wires rotted!!! Had to rewire all of it. Does not hold up in the engine bay of an off road vehicle.
Limited range of view.
For some reason my lights are two different colors and they won't become a solid color ?? It's aggravating me and I don't know why it's like this and I have no idea how to fix it. Not happy.
Man am I sorry I bought these. Cheap. Don't connect well. Don't even think about hanging these off the gutters of your house. You'll need a separate extension cord every 15 feet of lights!
Failed in about 60 days. Cord is fine but the switch doesn't work.
Terrible... works but so darn hard to see.. not good.
They put these horrible stickers on the switch itself that leave residue behind when peeled. Then you have to spend forever removing it, or just have your new switch look like trash.
Will not connect to my WiFi. Customer suppprt does not exist
Company sent round knob and not the lever as advertised. Company told me to uninstall to send back instead of sending me the correct lever instead offered me 20 rebate, smh smh
Love the look of the light and the fan has worked well. Significant problems with light. In less then a year, light stopped working. Company did send new transformer which fixed the problem. Unfortunately, less than a year later, SAmE PROBLEM. Have attempted to contact company, Hunter Fan, twice at this point without response. Obliviously light portion is not reliable
Horrible product.. this doesn't work. I wish I could get my money back or an official Alexa smart plug.
I tested both of the strands I bought when they were delivered and both worked. I tested both again today when I went to install them on a project, both worked. Started installing one of the strands and mid way through I decided to plug them in so I'd have a little more light in the area I was installing and the strand doesn't work. No breaks in the ribbon, it hasn't been twisted or crimped even bent. All I did was pull the tape off the back to stick it down. Guess I'll go with the silicone covered stuff instead. I'm not even going to try installing the other strand.
The bulb they sent me was bad and it was marked that way on the box. There's no way it should have been sent out.
Horrible product. Never worked properly. Would unlock or lock at random times for no reason. Tried it for 2 months. Took it off and threw it in the trash. Don't waste your time and money on this product.
Never shipped, never showed up, find a different supplier
Does not function as a lava lamp. Balls of wax should be flowing up and down. They don't. The wax just sits there in a long strand from top to bottom after it heats up. This is nothing more than a multi colored desk light. It is not a functioning lava lamp. If you want a real lava lamp, this is not it. Don't believe the fake reviews that say this thing works. it doesn't
Box arrived tore up an was missing screws. Totally dissatisfied. UPS took forever to deliver. 2 day shipping turned to 5 day shipping!!
They don't stay on. I even wrapped the chair legs with a fat rubber band and out the socks over to try to get traction. They don't stay on
Worked well just for about 2 years and expensive installation.. not worth it. If you want to get it replaced every 2 years this is for you.
Save your money. I LOVED these at first. They can dim, you can set them on a timer, they come with a remote to control it all....EXCEPT the brightness only lasts for a few days. I would turn them on at night, after about 30/45 minutes, I would set the timer for 30 minutes and head to bed. Each light takes 3 AAA batteries and the only way to keep their brightness is to get a HUGE dock of rechargeable AAAs and to rotate them few every few days. I've only had mine for 10 days and 3 out of 5 are completely out of battery already! I noticed a few days in that the brightness wasn't like it was when I first put them up but I didn't pay much attention. I was SO excited for under-cabinet lighting and all of the options that these have. What a waste of money...the amount of batteries that I would go through, totally not worth it. I would rather pick some up from the dollar store that I have to manually click on and off because those at least last. Totally bummed because I was SO excited to find these but I wouldn't recommend them to anyone.. save your money.
As another reviewer stated, mine also arrived and had no flame effect. All the LEDs just glow together.
The proportions are all wrong. I was hoping for a quality product, very disappointed. I will never waste my money to purchase this product again.
Yes, thoroughly disappointed by the seller. However, Amazon stepped up and refunded my money. I really needed those panels. And, this is why I promote Amazon.
My electrician said that this was missing a wire and would not work on LEDs. What a waste of money.
Not really a mirror, more like the bottom of a coke can. Bye bye, back you go to whence you came!
Straight bull. Product info says lost by carrier but Amazon won't refund my money??? Amazon just lost my biz.
Not worth returning because of the low price, but I bought these reportedly 4 1/2" plates specifically to use next to other wall plates that are 4 1/2" in length. These are nearly 5" at 4 7/8". They do not match my other wall plates.
The light worked great until this past weekend. Randomly stopped working. Made sure the wiring was still good and everything was still connected properly. Product support / return window closed so I can't get a replacement. Now I have to buy something else.
I had the same problem as some of the others: unpacking was a pain and the washer on the bottom is too small to fit the part it's supposed to go into. That this is the case after customers wrote 1 star reviews pointing out (and the seller comments on them so they KNOW) tells me you should NOT GET THIS.
Arrived with dead batteries and no protective plastic over display. it did calibrate according to the written procedure, however, the PH reading of distilled water or tap water was 6 instead of 7 or close to 7. Therefore I consider it defective. The instructions said to "call us" if there are problems but there was no phone number or website listed. It said to repeat the calibration when stored for a long time, however, it did not say how one gets the one time use calibration liquid packets.
I have called amazon to request return and I have called amazon Custermer service 5 times and almost a week still haven't picked up these light are not want I wanted for being prime member very disappointed on amazon, get are getting worth on service.
Just bought this 6 months ago and today it stopped working! Not nearly as good as the last distiller I had. ☹️
Second order. This one didn't work either.
These feet are NOT rubber. They are cheap plastic. Very misleading description.
They both fell off soon after installation. The bumpers themselves are ok but the adhesive is completely useless... and unfortunately without good adhesive, the bumpers are useless too!
Returned...could not use because it was not put together well...top bolt attached at angle making harp bent
Came already cracked and unusable. I even paid for one day shipping and now I have to wait for three days without a toilet seat!!!
the controller for the remote stopped working within the first week. ordered another and the same thing happened. The lights are great, but you can't use the remote which is a shame
Disappointed with quality. Would not recommend
I ordered a pack of 12 bulbs and you delivered 1.
I purchased the 10 pack because of the value, and I was needing 5 new switches for our apartments, and I"m sure more switches will be going bad soon. I only received a 3 pack, which not only shorts my order, but means that I can't complete the repairs until I get more switches.
Thin, cheaply constructed.
cheaply made, uneven, split soldering.
They sent me the wrong product. This isn't even the same brand.
I ordered 2 of these. 1 for myself and for a Xmas gift. The one I gave as a gift did not come with the 15 watt bulb.
THIS LIGHT NEVER WORKED
This paint is NOT returnable. The paint is watery. I did read thru the reviews before I purchased and did read that it needs to be aggressively shaken. Which I did three times. I even used a toothpick to try and stir the paint. Same result. Watery. Then find out because it is a flammable liquid it cannot be returned thru Amazon. Must go to the manufacturer. Not worth the time.
The spout is made with silicon, not as advertised as 301 stainless stainless steel.
My experience has been that the last order I used the offered Protection Plan. I never received it. My inquiries about the plan were never responded too
Made toilet way to high off ground. Would return it if possible. Had to purchase something else from local hardware store.
Do not waste your time, the app is a disaster, I never was able to pair the switch I just waste time to connect and disconnect to return it.
this knob matched the one that came from the manufacturer so I guess I am not surprised that is broke in the same way as the original. Did not even last a week, Don't buy
These are not made well at all. I will be surprised if they last thru a simple rainstorm. They are easily knocked off the railing top. The screw area is to small to secure safely This is a safety issue for any railing.
I use solar lights as path lights and spot lights all throughout my front yard. I bought these thinking they'd make a nice addition hanging from the crepe myrtle next to our driveway. After receiving them, I realized they came with no way to hang them, so I ordered the hooks and waited for their delivery. Day before yesterday, I was finally ready to put them in my tree. The first night, they looked great. I went out last night with the idea of seeing what they looked like from the front of my house. Imagine my dismay at seeing three of the lights were putting out no light at all, and one you could barely see. I'm not going to climb back up into the tree to take them down. I threw the packaging away after seeing all four worked the first night. Save your time and money. Even if they work after purchase, they may only work one night.
The remote basically quit working except for 1 set of red laser after less than 1 week. Now I know why it was marked down. If vendor will replace the unit and it works, I may change my review.
Hooked up just fine and the app connected without an issue but it will only turn on for second before shutting off. Tried a different switch in the house and had the same issue. Tried testing the outlets with a voltmeter and it was fine. Will be returning for another switch.
Ordered Satin Nickle, received oil rubbed bronze. Needed for weekend project so now I am off to box store and sure will have to pay higher price. Errors happen, but based on the packaging these were in anyone taking five seconds to look should have noticed the wrong color. They were packaged in open box and wrapped with clear wrap.
Received this fireplace door today, noticed that one part of the package had another piece of carton taped over it. I went ahead and opened the box anyways just to find the frame of the door with big dent and scratched. Seems that the seller went ahead and just sent the damaged item anyways. Just taped ripped part of the box with another piece of carton... That was definitely not the delivery driver's fault. Just hate the hassle with the whole returning process..
Poor quality Looks really old safety box
Had one of these strips on one side of my bumper, cheap one from walmart on the other, hooked up in the same system. Walmart ones had much better light and looked a lot better. These also break connection if they're not perfectly straight.
Originally gave this light 3 stars, giving it high Mark's for the lighting and low Mark's for the installation, particularly dealing with the diffuser. But both lights have begun to fail. Half the strip, on each light, have gone dark. It's understandable that they are no longer offered. Just junk.
Initially liked the light so much I ordered a 2nd within days of 1st delivery. Now- less than 30 days on VERY LIMITED USE, both units failed - stopped completely, would not hold a charge. I returned one today to Amazon for full refund. Since I ordered the 1st outside Amazon's return date - I guess I'll eat that cost. ABSOLUTELY JUNK!
This part lasted less than 60 days.
My project was delayed and my return window expired otherwise I'd return these. Remote doesn't work and I've not heard anything from the Seller. In order to replace them, I'd have to take down a peg board wall I waited 4 months to have installed. I am very unhappy with these lights.
The picture shows a lot of contrast and does not show how smooth and glossy the "stone" sections are. I was hoping for a rougher finish on the stone bits and also for more contrast as shown in the photo. The piece I received was almost uniformly gray, which does not go well with my kitchen.
Purchased in January, now 2 months later it is beeping in increments of 3 which is a malfunction error. Tried turning it off to see if it resets (several times) but it ultimately reverts to 3 beep malfunction error. Returning for replacement. Din't Know how many stars it deserves but for now 1 star due to defect.
Bulbs lasted just over 6 months or about 3,500 hours of use. Nowhere near the 15,000 hours that is advertised.
Doesn't connect to the WiFi, doesn't work
So cloudy! Received it today... and there it is. I havent yet lit it up, because apparently--when it's cloudy like this--you're supposed to leave it lie for eight hours before turning it on. Then you're supposed to let it get warm, but then turn it off. Then you're supposed to let it cool. Then you're supposed to turn it on for 8-10 hours. And that...MAYBE... will fix the cloudy problem. Otherwise, it's up to you to try and clean it yourself or wrangle over the phone to get it replaced. Yay
Mine rusted and discolored while under a covered patio. According to manufacturer product is not designed to be outside exposed to moisture. For something that is supposed to be outside quite disappointing it would rust so quick. Won't buy from this company again.
Won't stay on. After less that a week they started falling off every time we move the bar stool.
BUYER BEWARE!!!!! DO NOT BUY... I ORDERED THIS ITEM PRIME AND IT HAS BEEN WEEKS, IT WAS SUPPOSEDLY SENT VIA DHL BUT THE TRACKING ID GIVEN IS NOT RECOGNIZED, DO NOT BUY...TRUST ME....
Bought as replacement part. Arrived damaged, impossible to know if it was damaged during shipping or at some other point. I suppose it's better than buying a new microwave, but buyer beware that it will probably break again, and be sure to inspect it carefully when it arrives, especially if shipped in a bubble wrap envelope.
Doesn't fit correctly in fridge although says it is a replacement for my model of refrigerator.
I paid WAY too much for this product. It is cheaply made and I wish I would have purchased this at local store where I could return this. Buyer beware. This is not worth the money!
Received in sloppily taped damaged package, item obviously not new as described. Did not even open to try. Sending back.
I would give it 0 stars. Horrible. Does not stick at all, came off instantly.
Only worked for one night. They start blinking and dying out on the second night! Don't purchase!
While the lint filter fits a bit more snugly than the OEM filter the dryer came with, the screen quickly started to seperate from the plastic frame after only a few loads. I originally thought it was only a defect on one side, but now it is exasperating around the whole frame, allowing lint to pass through.
wasn't the right thing for my door, and wasn't aware there are no returns allowed on this "prime" item, didn't see this policy listed anywhere. Waste of money. Be very sure this is the right thing before ordering.
Put them out for Christmas. They stopped working after one week.
Photo of product was very deceiving.
Very weak. In an overhead fixture, there wasn't enough UV to light up anything.
Stupid design--requires you to unscrew base to put in a bulb. Every time.
Well... these worked for about a month then the red channel went out on the controller... I can get blues and greens but no fed hues...sigh... no way to get it replaced or contact the company that I can find. I will update this review if this company backs up their products.
The combination they sent for this lock did not work. So, the lock is useless. I would not order from this vendor again.
When we first installed it it worked fine. When it was time for the replacement filter we had to unscrew the top and then screw it back on.....simple enough right? Now it sprays from the sides. I even tried putting an extra band on top to seal it and also used plumbers tape and it still sucks. I would not recommend this unless you have time to try and fix it all day. The poorly designed plastic piece at the top does not seal the water in.
one of the fans wouldn't work. could hear it trying. to be honest, I'm kind of glad because the other fan that worked was insignificant. at the highest speed, you could barely feel the air.
Installed and it was working at first - it smelled horrible though when it was working and less than a week later, there is ice forming in the freezer again and the heater isn't working again! Not worth the money, spend the extra and buy the GE OEM one instead.
The hooks that go over the towel bar are too narrow. They need to be much wider to fit over a towel bar.
I purchased a Master Lock for quality. What I got was a lock whose programming directions were obscure. I did get it programed, and it worked for 2 months. Then it would no longer open with the code I had set. I had to cut it off. Don't buty this because of the brand name!
Arrived I put it in my lamp and nothing! No light at all! I hope the company will send s replacement
Pulled it out of the box and it's ALREADY BROKEN. What the heck
Item arrive broken, had to send it back.
Door had crack, return window up by the time I had installed
does not work. impossible to change the original combination that it comes with. Instructions also too vague..
Hooked it up turned it on water gushed from a spilt on the sprayer.
Waste of money, sucks through batteries in a week, and 2 or 3 battery changes later it flickered for about 2 days and died
Came with important pieces missing! Plumber charged me a trip charge because they couldn't install them and I had to get them somewhere else!
Two out of the three candles worked one did not work at all
One came broken and two burned out within days
Very brittle and rough textured plastic. The finish is uneven and the edges have gaps and cracks. Buy injection molded switch covers instead.
I want to return this because it does NOT work in my shower. This thing falls off within minutes once you put the shower head on it. My shower has tile which looks almost like floor tiles. I got these because where the current shower head is it's super tall but these were useless for me because it never stuck. I tried pretty much everything to get these to stick. Some people maybe it worked for them but not for me :-(
These are not as daylight as other brands. Still has a yellow tint
Didn't work at all. So disappointing. To give the product the benefit of the doubt, maybe I didn't use it properly, but it's hard to know given the fact that there were no instructions included. The package arrived with a big sticker on the back and I'm not even sure if directions were on the box but covered by the sticker. All in all, a waste of time and money.
I bought two of these cheap things one of them doesn't even work and I wanted to return it and it says not eligible for return what's up with that
I almost never write reviews but was compelled to write this one because people could die here! This timer is rated for 15A by the manufacturer, but that is an optimistic rating at best! I am an electrical engineer and while I was skeptical at the advertised rating and the absence of any test certification, I took a chance on it and used it to control my air conditioner rated for 8A continuous load. After 1 day of watching it closely, I noticed that the plastic was melty and it was really hot. I immediately stopped using it. Other people have had this issue - check the pics. This device could definitely cause an electrical fire if you use it to control any kind of appliance or equipment with significant current draw. Stay away from this and spend a little more money on a timer certified by an independent testing agency such as UL, ETL, or CSA. It could save your life.
Did not need. Sent back.
Did not work for me. Some sort of compatibility issue perhaps. Dead out of the box
Instructions are poorly written. Difficult to understand.
Screw threads do not line up and will not tighten. Poor choice.
Didn't need it. The Toilet Seat came with it's on parts.
Unable to use would like to return
They won't connect. All requirements meet, still won't connect.
Although the lamps themselves are good, the Lampshades came dented up really bad. When you turn the lamp on, the dents are clearly visible no matter how much you try to push them out. Black marks all over the inside, I would not recommend.
The transition to a step is not smooth at all. When used with a wheelchair there's no way to keep it flush with step.
Junk never work just damaged the brick
The glue stops working in hot weather and the stuff falls off the wall. Useless.
Filter that arrived not as pictures
Three out of four of the bulbs didn't work. I tested each bulb in a working fixture so I am confident they shipped me defective bulbs. I am glad Amazon is so easy to work with on returns.
This is not an authentic Sharkbite product and is a knock off.
Won't connect with Bluetooth
We sent in our kit and have not received a response with lab analysis or a consultation. There is no customer service number provided.
I just touched the back and the paint came off. What a wast of $$$$
Bought these to keep couch from sliding on solid surface floor. DID NOT WORK! 1st time someone sat on couch it slid up against wall!!!
The light bulb lasted less than a month. VERY poor quality.
I ordered 5 switches - 3 single pole, and 2 three way. ALL GRAY COLOR. Two day shipping got extended to two months! No kidding! Two months! And when I got them, three of them were white colored! Tired of dealing with customer service:( Sending it all back!
The wrong part was shipped and received and when I print a return label with RM number the system states I am responsible for return postage.
They don't last 6 months I have purchased several dozen to use on different projects They die within 6 months You get what you pay Purchase and you will learn. Update All 50 lights purchased died STAY AWAY
It doesn't work most of the time. Very disappointed.
wrong order thanks for nothing
This fell off 2 minutes adter installing. Had to constantly fix it
Adhesive completely fell down about 3 hours after hanging. Very disappointed
Never received these brackets. Ordered 2 more. UPS said 4 items in one package. Received 3. UPS said "issue package resolved". WTF?
The picture from the ad showed a White battery box that's why I order your product, I received a Black battery box, I was vary disappointed because everyone comment that I should of used a white battery box, because you were able to notice the Black battery box in my project. I would of return it back but since I used the light for my project
The base is too small for my GE overhead microwave-vent
It worked great for me for remotely turning on an outdoor light, with the app, or with my voice control. However, it failed after a few months.
DO NOT BUY THESE. 1 lasted for 10 hours, the longest any of these have lasted was 5 days. They burn out usually within 2 or 3 days. Buy quality which these are definitely NOT... If possible if would have given a ZERO star.....
We filter our water due to minerals. It's well water but tastes rusty. The price is good and they worked a couple times but after about 4 uses one can taste the rust again. Going back to PUR filters as they last longer and filter out the rust flavor way better.
The parts looked a lot like the oem parts I was replacing. Found a video online that walked me through it. Went together with no problems. Three months to the day later, my squeaking belt tensioner is back. Now I need another one and will have to fix it again. NOT happy about having to fix anything twice.
DO NOT Buy these. They will not pass the fire inspection for a house CO as they are NOT UL rated. WARNING. In NJ smoke alarms must be in accordance with ANSI/UL 217 and these smoke alarms are not. it is ILLEGAL to install in most states in the United States because it isn't UL Listed. Our house failed inspection prior to a sale because we had these smoke detectors and the inspector said they won't pass in almost every state.
Fortunately I bought this timer to time Off a desk fan and not a heating appliance. Randomly it would turn itself ON. I have a substantial safety concern about this product and the possibility of starting a fire. I purchased a different timer offered by Amazon and it works perfectly. Do not purchase!
I had ordered these filters from Amazon in the past with no issues. When I reordered last week directly from Amazon, I received two boxes of three filters rather than one box of six filters. They do not say Pur on the filter.
seriously the LIGHTBULBS were thrown in a box and shipped. box in bad shape and several bulb packaged broken. i will be amazed if even half these bulbs work. amazon should refund what i paid for these bulbs.
Did not stay up and started falling off my wall within hours, also the strips ripped off my paint on my wall when I did pull it all off
The first one I ordered had no damage to the box, but did not have any packaging around the motion sensor, nor around the glass globe. The globe was all chipped and had 2 cracks in it. I went ahead an installed the base. With the sensitivity turned all the way up, you have to stand under it and wave your hand within about 12 inches for the light to come on. Therefore, I requested an exchange. The new one arrived and it had more packaging around the globe, but it still had one large crack all the way through it, and the motion sensor was not as scratched. I installed it and the motion sensor has the exact same range with the sensitivity turned all the way up: 12 inches.
When I received this package it only had one mesh drainer and not 2. I paid for 2. After I opened the envelope, the package on the inside was already open. This is why I'm giving this product 1 star.
Does not work . Won't spay . Waste of money !!
Every single one of them blew out in seconds
I have had this product for 3 months. It is easy to assemble and looks very nice but falls apart easily. The bolts are tight when installed but become loose over time and use. Then the seat slides around and needs to be tightened again and again. I have not had any problems with the round seat I purchased, just the elongated ones. This is an updated review. I am having to replace both of the elongated seats after about 4 months of use. The seats keep falling apart and sliding around. Beware!!!!!
I ordered the wrong thing. I thought this would fit on a railing in an apartment. It did not. Never could get them to refund and have me ship back to them. Very dissatisfied with this product.
Not impressed with this, is takes about 5 seconds to power their Led lights that this is made for. I used other other adapters for other Led lights and they usually come on instantly.
I agree with the recent complaints, the carbon is clumping up and falling off these filters and there is a lot of loose carbon inside the shrinkwrap, too. The filter material wasn't even completely secure inside one of them, it was hanging loose.
So...I love the high and low setting and the three different light settings and it worked great....for about 2 months. :( Now no matter where its plugged in or how the cord is the USB wont stay connected and the light flickers constantly or it won't come on at all...VERY disappointed.
Broke within 2 weeks.
These bulbs are super cheap and several fell apart when I was screwing in the bulbs. I am returning.
They just stopped working. I hardly ever used them. I bet they didn't get an hour of life
I can't complain about the product because I never got it. USPS strikes again. Always avoid the US Post Office. I would have if I'd known this was the vendor's carrier.
These worked for 3 days. They drain batteries so quickly. Battery quality/brand doesn't change anything, lights still die within a few days
Worked okay for a couple of months but now the front plate of the switch has fallen off. Apparently is not made to last very long
The red flag is very difficult to slide out. I found it very cheaply made.
Do not let the description mislead you The 1.25 inches is not how high the block will bring up the item you are lifting the 1.25 is the width of the wedge. Please know that the thickness (how high you lift) is between 1/8 and 1/4 inches
Worked well until it did not. Bought two bulbs and one died just after 10 months. LEDs are supposed to work for tens of years
I can't really review it because I never received it . I got an empty mailing package . Applied for and got a refund but have had several emails requesting return I can't !!! I never got it !!
I purchase a 6 pack of bulbs for the microwave and 2 of them were crushed upon arrival. Could you please send 2 more. Thanks
As stated in other reviews, you do need to be sure the two sides of the shelf snap into place, but even doing that it will not stay in place. It's too flimsy and ends up flexing and coming loose. We would baby it along by only put the lightest items on it, but after several times opening and closing the fridge the shelf and everything on it would fall on the floor. Useless junk.
I brought this because I live in apartments an can't paint my walls, I figured this would be a good way to brighten up my living room. I watched several videos, an asked several questions before buying. The whole wall came undone over night. It literally was just hanging on by my vent smh. Also because of the way it fell it suck together so I could reuse it either. Do not buy just get paint an permission
Not working for me. Very disappointed. Bleach works better
Poor quality not rated for 300 pounds.
This product not working, what should I do now?
Just doesn't work. No pressure, absolutely no difference in the dirt or mold on the house. Don't waste hard warned $$$ on this product. It wasn't expensive but no matter the cost or even free, if it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
These are not compatible if you all ready have converted your lights to standard led bulbs. These are wired for all ac input on one end.
Stay away cheap , liking water over the place
Have to shut off the water to change the spray.
These locks ARE WAY TOO LARGE for anyone to use as a gym locker or on luggage!
It took way to long to arrive
Followed label instructions completely before hanging. We purchased these to hang a very small wreath on our window. Allowed two days for for to dry completely. Wreath and hook fell time we hung them.
Light worked great until 3 days of rain, then light fixture and motion sensor were full of water. Needless to say motion fixture didn't function, light would come on but that's it. After some investigation, discovered the circuit board in sensor was rusted. Would recommend if you could install under cover other than that it won't last long
Terrible packaging. The box was damaged and the filters crushed. I will not be buying these again
One works great . other quite after 5 weeks. So 50% junk
Cheap!!!! Motion light comes on only 1” away from the unit. Very cheaply made.
Product does not dry as hard as it needs to to stand up to long term use.
light flickers had to send it back
No, the product was awful! Had to send it back... one bulb went out after about 5 days and the other was burning very dimly! Too expensive for something that doesn't work properly!
Poor quality! Returned because the holes were in the wrong place. Then I was charged a restocking fee. I can pretty well bet the company put it back on their shelf and will sent it to another coustomer.
Worked for about a week and no longer working :(
Original broke after 3 years, replacement then lasted 1 year. Foolishly bought a third set And these only made it 2 months before breaking. Going with stainless steel ones now.
They fell right out of the wall.
Never received the product. I received a empty box. It was sealed but empty.
It says amazon prime, but takes over 2 weeks to ship. Very disappointed.
While the lamp itself looks nice, I haven't been able to turn it on since I received it over a week ago because it did not come with a light bulb. When I contacted the seller, they said that they would send one over immediately, but I have yet to receive it and they stopped answering my emails. Very disappointing.
The upper barrel assembly was completely missing. The upper barrel has the the switch to turn on and off the lamp. The assembly to place shade holder on is gone. All are missing. The listing said no shade included and I understood that. Don't buy!
Wrong, repacked, broken candles received. I see other similar comments. Bought same set, prompt indicated, in dec and it was correct. Beware.
Package was torn (outer shipping box as well as actual item box) like it was one that had been returned and poorly repacked. Item was totally missing the handle that makes it function. Unfortunately I need it ASAP for a trip I'm going on, so I'll have to make it work, but certainly not ideal.
I bought this lamp in November 2017 and I liked it a lot, however it is now April 2018, only 6 months later, and the lamp has just stoped working entirely for no reason. I've changed bulbs and outlets to no avail. Very disappointed that I wasted $20 on a 6 month lamp that will now just end up in the trash...
Locks seem fine. I originally ordered two. They were not keyed alike. I had them replaced and clearly instructed the Amazon service rep to make sure the replacement locks were keyed alike. I was assured they would make sure. I'm now ordering my third set of replacement locks. Hopefully this third set will be keyed alike. Hate to give a low star rating as the locks seem very solid, but Amazon and it's third party sellers need to improve their communication. Once I receive a set that is keyed alike I will change the rating to reflect the lock quality.
was already used when i got it and one of the key didn't work :/ but looks solid
Spend the extra money for a better product! the plug in to the wall is sloppy it has no way to be connected to the outlet, not a good buy.
Not impressed. Major disappointment
I used it on a small outside wood gate and it failed to shut the gate. The spring broke after about 2 months.
The bulbs went bad in less than a week!
i never recieved the toilet seat! I no longer need the seat.
opened up after shaking them stirring and still was watered down last time I order from Amazon for this type product.
Totally awful and Horrible the worst experience ever!!!!!!!!!!!
Not great, they stop working after a few weeks. I've purchased them 4 times now because the first 2 weeks they work well and are perfect for night time but they stop working after about 2 weeks
5 of 6 have failed in the first 30 days. Heed other reviews.
Item NOT AS DESCRIBED and also not returnable, not even an exchange is offered!!! These light bulbs are HUGE and do not fit in my wax warmer. Bulbs base fits unfortunately the actual bulb is so big I can't put the topper on my wax warmer 🤬 Now I am stuck with 4 light bulbs that are useless!!!
Burns out quite quickly unlike most LED lifts that should last for years
Very very pool quality. These seal strips can't stick to windows. The backside glue is not adhesive at all. Thrown them right away after the 5-minutes trying.
Never got the product but they billed us anyway. Finally got money back. DONT order from these folks.
I use this as a rinse when I wash my sheep-skin rug. Helps retain the pliability
Wouldn't stay on the wall even without the shower head. The suction cup is beyond cheap.
Powering less than 60 watts of LED lights and after five months, the unit stopped working. Obviously the MADE IN CHINA label should tell everyone that the quality is suspect. I won't be buying another one from TDC Power.
Broke in less than a month :/ brittle plastic.
Plastic looking, you can buy something higher end looking for cheaper. Because this fan has reverse rotation function, when turning on the fan, it doesn't know which direction it needs to turn. Have to manually push the blades in the right direction so the fan would work. Quiet though...
Is was missing the tacks and Velcro I emailed the company and no reply
I dislike it because it leaks need to send me another one
This will not fit down a typical sink or shower or tub drain hole. Waste of money
As you can see from the pic the base disconnected from the bulb during installation. I ordered my bulbs when I was designing my bathroom. I just finished the project, two months later, but in the time the return window closed.
Doesn't seem to work
Bought for my kitchen. Installed Sept. 2016 bought replacement head 6 months later. Same problem again. Loud screeching sound. Would not recommend 😟
I tried to make the suction cups on these things stick to EVERYTHING in my house, bathroom, garage...you name it. They would not stick to anything. I returned them
Received broken light. The base is cracked. I charged anyway and the "red light" that's suppose to come on didn't. didn't work! And Emails have went unanswered.
Not compatible with my ADT security gateway
The first order was missing the washer door striker and the hinge was very tarnished. I requested a replacement and received ANOTHER tarnished hinge and no washer door striker, again. Obviously no one reads the reason for the return.
After using it MAYBE 8 times the arm loosened from the base and I now have to tape it together being there is no return option.
I returned both original order and exchange order for the same defect. I need a refund please and see no other way to contact you. Both of these faucets had a defective finish along the spout, where it was peeling off.
Spent 6 hrs installing these and all but 1 work waste of my time
I ordered multicolored and received clear!
Idk if you can tell from the video but this dimmer makes my lamp flicker incessantly no matter what setting I put it on. The package has to be opened with scissors so you can't return it after you try it. Sad to have thrown away $10 on an “Amazon's Choice” product
Must have A LOT of motion to make the alarms go off
This did not correct our leaking faucet.
I didn't get it ..still waiting for
over priced for quality and size. actual size is drastically smaller than advertised sizes. beware
I didn't receive the post carbon filter
Be careful when taking out your old one. The insulator that came with the new one arrived broken in many pieces. When I called the Customer Service number listed on my order I was rudely told it wasn't their problem. It was Amazon's. I contacted Amazon and they could only take a return as it came from the seller. GE Customer services is awful.
Crap! The chandelier was hung and 1 of the light bulbs is not working. Electricians found a missing wire!!!! It took them over 3 hrs to hang this light because of that one missing wire. And once it was up there it stopped working again. So mad and disappointed.
After about 6 months of use the water started to smell and taste bad, had to run the water for 30 seconds first, ended up removing the filter, but this was nowhere near 3 year performance expectation.
This lamp was supposed to be for 100 Watts you end up paying for a lamp that only takes a 60 watt bulb. Buyer beware.
I would not buy this again. I installed it in the refrigerator ran about a gallon of water to clear the lines as I usually do, but about every third time we used the water unit, a banging noise came from the filter compartment. This went on for a few days so I took the filter out and it worked fine. I put the old filter back in, as I still had it, and it has worked fine since. This item says it is a genuine Kenmore product, but I think it was defective.
There is a switch on battery case, and it has a few positions. Well ours apparently wasn't good, since the lights would not turn off, no matter what position it was on. We had 2 of them, it worked on one out of two.
Don't buy, it's a scam. They sent me three clickers when I ordered 4. Then sent me a completely different model than described and it was an 8 pin not a 10 so it's completely useless. Also, conveniently doesn't have a return capability.
These lights lasted a little over two months then half of the lights just went dead. Ridiculous. What happened to the Christmas lights that would last for years and years?
This item arrived and the wire was snipped in one location, so the lights wouldn't work. Total bummer. Too late to return and get new strand before Christmas.
It is cheaply made. It couldn't hold my hand shower. I should have sent back, waited too long.
Product locked 1 x then would NOT repeat the process. Not user friendly. Feel like we have wasted $$$. Doing a remodel of house so we were not able to use product for the 1st time until after return date. We a not satisfied!!!!!
I will be returning. One roll didn't light up, and the connector piece just came off. the other strain works fine but only if you situate the cord just right.
Did not work for mine, I just returned it and bought a new toilet that had this setup built into it
I had ordered these in YELLOW...Upon receiving them, I got the white bulbs. Having to send back and get a refund. Very disappointed in that they didn't check the inside to make sure the bulbs were the right color, that being YELLOW.
THe bulb is glued and the circuitry came off. The product is crap
I bought these expecting long bulb life being LED and the claims made by the manufacture. About 8 months after buying them the first one faded to a dim light. Now a little over a year the second one is doing the same thing. Disappointed and hope the seller will replace these, maybe they are defective. I have similar Outdoor LED lights that stay on 24 hrs a day 6 months out of the year and are going on 5 years with out a problem, so I know it's possible to have much longer life.
They are very poor quality , I guess for the price I should not have been expecting so much.
product was submitted as substitution for what I searched. it did not fit. I did return it and I was refunded money.
This basket strainer matches our new sink beautifully and the cost of $55 was not a factor when choosing this item. The first one arrived broken at the neck and we had to return it. We just assumed this was one of the few defected ones or possibly was damaged in shipping. The second one arrived July 29, 2018 and opened it immediately- it was good! We were so happy & looked great! This morning Sept. 9, 2018 the 2nd one broke at the neck in the same spot as the first one - 6 weeks :-( We are a small family and this item got very little use or movement. So disappointed - I would have expected this on cheap strainer at a discount store :-(
loses connection frequently, takes forever to reboot and very poor menu design. Samsung hub is the best for my zwave locks.
Worked well for 1 month and then just stopped working.
Especially if you live in a drought state. Unfortunately it did not work. I returned, but the company did contact me for "why it didn't work" which in my opinion at least they cared to ask and didn't quibble over return.
Thought this would be the perfect solution for my two dishwasher connections to my kitchen drain. Not quite. The main shaft that goes into standard pvc drains is too fat. You can't get the screw-down end onto it the shaft to connect it. It came shipped from Europe, wonder if that's why. Now I have an $18 useless plastic drain pipe and wasted time. Not good.
There is no safety on this alarm system you can just disarm it by pressing disarm no pin nothing
Garbage. This is very poorly made that doesn't fit anything but extremely small gauge wires. Ruined an expensive rope covered lamp cord trying to install this.
Two bulbs stopped working just after a few weeks.
Brightness is fantastic, but in less than three months from installation, I've had one bulb start flashing/flickering, then go completely out, and another is now flashing - almost like a strobe light - so I expect it to go out any moment now.
These were too tight for my bathroom sink. I could barely get them on and then they caused the water to back up in the spigot, causing the water line to leak beneath my sink. I had a mess to clean up, and had to throw these away. So disappointed.
Amazon sent me used, fake and/or broken filters. They were packaged in a flimsy plastic wrap, far from the usual packaging. I tried two and they didn't work.
i only hate it because the straps didnt extend to make smaller
Product arrived broken like most amazon products are lately.
I am not one to write reviews and I wish I would have taken a picture of how awful the shipment came? The can was completely smashed, just thrown in a box and had leaked all over the box and another item I had ordered. When I finally got Amazon to send me a replacement, after I tried to explain how it got delivered to me, it got lost? I ended up going to Home Depot to purchase it instead. Very dissatisfied
Did not fit my standard sized sink drain! Has to be returned. Cute but can't use, disappointing
Just about every poster size I used this for fell off within a day. I had to use a thicker Scotch double sided tape on top of this to keep posters up and even then they did not hold. Scotch is terrible.
Thought this would work great, but it didn't. Was responsive maybe 10%. I don't keep clutter, so it went in the garbage. Very disappointed.
Terrible ! Not even a quart a pint for this price ! Tried to return and would not let me . Amazon should remove this size for this price . Very Deceptive !
Water was not heating
Worked good for the first couple months but then the button started struggling to switch back and forth, sometimes shutting off the water completely. Now a show leak has developed. I would not recommend. And I don't think it is user error or improper install because it worked well at first.
Absolute garbage! This is such false advertising, Amazon should be ashamed! There might be one small piece that is stainless steel but the main parts seem to be plastic. It does not fit over a standard 1.5 inch sink hole. It's too small and starts to collapse into the hole when you tighten it. Again, cheap plastic. You get what you pay for. I'm returning this piece of junk.
I bought this for my elderly parents. Although the base of the step stool is sturdy, the upper step does NOT screw into the base and does not lock in. So essentially it just sits on top of the base with just small plastic nubs which slot into the tiny holes in the base. So the top step is NOT secured and can move off the base. Very disappointed. I need a sturdy, well built step stool which won't slip for my 80+ year old parents!
very disappointed in his product , never will purchase from this company again The instructions were horrible pieces wouldn't come together unless I taped them together before I tightened the fasteners up. Never purchase from this company again.
So for some this might work perfectly. For us, this starfish looking thing worked but only for the larger stuff and even then it likes to collect on the edges instead of on the top, so some of the food particles do end up going down the drain. Update: we stopped using them because the bend would let to much though and they got stained. Im not entirely sure what they got stained with, but the picture shows the blue one and white one after about 2 months of use...which wasn't daily use to begin with. It does hold it place just fine, and it's not a complete wash, but we are already reverting back to using the normal circular metal inlay for the sink instead, and I'm not even risking using this to try and catch hair on the tub.
We were told that this fan could be wall mounted and now that we are ready to install, It is ceiling mount only. Contractor should have read the fine print. Now we are stuck with a fan that we can't use.
Can't rate this any higher, needed this quickly that's why I ordered it on prime for a tenant property. I ordered on the 15th with "guaranteed" delivery August 17th. The item never showed up. It is now the 20th. Just ordered another one i from a different seller and it should be one day shipping will see.
Don't buy cheap product for cheap price
Failed after a month
I like the product but amazon did not deliver to me. delivery people are too lazy. They left package at the front office. I don't own a vehicle and I am a senior citizen in poor health, it is hard for me to walk up to the office. I don't know how I am going yo get the package now. So product is good, delivery system sucks.
Took a long time to setup
I contacted the seller/manufacturer about these bulbs being too bright for their stated specs. Their comment to me was that I should order a warmer color temperature bulb if I wanted something less bright. It seems that they don't understand the difference between lumens and color temperature. I purchased daylight bulbs because that is the color I want, and I purchased 40watt equivalent bulbs because that is the brightness I want! I've included a picture showing the Sunco 40watt daylight bulbs on the left and typical 40watt daylight bulbs on the right. The difference in person is much greater, but the pic definitely shows what you are dealing with. For my light fixture, which takes 8 of these bulbs, the Sunco's are blindingly bright!
Not good quality. Shoots out of holster when water is on. Then about a week in of having this product it fell apart while I was taking a shower.
If I could give this a zero for removal I would. Terrible. Turned my floor into tar and did not remove. Three weeks already of trying to clean this up and couple hundred in cleaning supplies and scraping and still need to hire someone to remove it for me.
The pump handle broke off after one single use. Do not buy this.
Cheap brass shank is two short and supply lines are way to short
I liked it for about a year and then the readout stopped working. – I don't know if there's any warranty on it
First of all...I thought I had ordered the part for the tub. It ended up being too small because the one that I got was for the sink. It broke very easily. I threw it away. Not worth my money.
Cost is way to high for this product. I will be sticking with TP link for everything.
Not 6 months after installing the faucet, the pull down hose got a hole in it. I attempted to fix it but the hose split. Tried to contact seller but have not gotten any response. Be wary of this product. Bad quality and poor customer service.
Get what you pay for it
3 out of 6 have been stopped to work after installation for a month
Started out great. Charged in sun all day today like 9 hrs. Got dark about 9 and at 1120 I need a flashlight cause these won't light up the wood pile...
I was really excited about this lava lamp. It was pretty and worked for the first 2 days. However, the lighting is too dim in my opinion. On the third day it stopped working. There is just a blob sitting on the bottom of the lamp. I am a classroom teacher and my students were so upset this just stopped working. Not worth the money.
Sensor not as shown on Amazon. The controls on the unit I received consists of two simple dials (see pic) and not very efficient or effective when tuning your light. It is clearly a cheaper sensor than what was shown. Unfortunately, I didn't notice until after I installed the light, caulked the unit as prescribed and was going to adjust settings. I don't think I'll be able to return it now. Buyer beware or you'll get skunked like me.
These are the worst light bulbs ever. Two of them stopped working the second they were turned on (a bright flash and then nothing). The third bulb lasted one month. I have three left. Maybe they will get me through the month.
One of the two ordered stopped woring in the first week.
Lamp had a large dent but the packaging was not damaged...maybe someones returned item? Also sadly, the clamp for this CLAMP LAMP was not included. I would return but I had this shipped to my elderly mother in another state. She has it hooked up on the wall and is using it but i'm NOT happy at all! :( Not an expensive item and the time and money it takes to go through the return process is not worth it. Apparently there is NO QUALITY CONTROL in this shipping department for sure!!!
Has a hard time to get in and out of my sedan 🚘. Poor design
Ended up trashing it
Not happy! They said it would come in original packaging and it didn't ! No instructions what so ever! And missing a part! Would n e over order from this company again!
mine arrived and was labeled 7 year mold resistant. Didn't think anything of it, i have sealed many bathroom sinks and tubs with no problem ... until now. This stuff will not cure. 24 hours later it is still as soft and sticky as when i applied it. IT WILL NOT CURE. After searching the internet, it seems the newer GE Silicone has a use by date and it is no good after that. Now i have a mess on my hands ...THANKS GE
DIdn't work for more than a day. Returned it.
I tried many, many times, but I never could get it to connect to my smartthings hub (and I've connected about 50 things to my hub, many with custom drivers, so I'm quite familiar with how zwave works). Even if you don't have this paired with a smart home hub, it's supposed to turn on and off when you push the button. Even that basic functionality didn't work.
I cannot get it to run the hose that goes into dryer vent it's not getting enough pressure to turn on switch I will have to wire it to a light switch somehow.
The package came swiftly and all 4 lights were in great shape. After they were installed tho only 1 light works properly. 2 of the lights will only come on after I tap the housing a few times and the third light does not come on at all. After contacting the distributor, they refused to correct this issue, telling me they're got getting enough sun. I tried to explain to whomever I was speaking to that I live in Arizona and assured them that the lights are definitely receiving adequate sunlight. I'm disappointed in the quality of these lights and even more so disappointed in the distributors lack of action to resolve the issue. I will definitely not order these again and wouldn't recommend these to friends or family.
Has no reflective qualities that I could see. So what's the point. Very disappointed
delayed my repair time not happy with that.
I does NOT stick!! I tried everything and still falls off!!
Out of the package, the battery was dead, so we purchased a new one. Still didn't work. We just ended up throwing it out as it was past the return period. It wasn't worth anymore of our time or frustration.
The front door never closes and the back door always opens when i try to close the front one. My mail is always flying out as its impossible to keep the door closed.
Does not hold a charge, when charged either by sun or usb. Junk. I threw it out - company is on my do not buy from list. Should have read the reviews prior to ordering.
The hose leaks! The fitting that rotates between the hose material and end fitting leaks! Garbage
Pretty worthless does not really hold a charge
Did not fit my faucet
Total garbage broke first time I raised door
Tape is junk surface has to be extremely smooth in order for it to stick. All windows but one stuck not gonna buy from this brand again. I get it they want you to be able to remove it but when it's so week it won't stick then it's not worth using.
Do not waste your money.
I have horrible spots on both rolls of this product.. when opening, the paste/sticker holding the product together once removed, leaves a horrible dark spot with sticky residue... after cutting, applying... and then trying to clean the residue off the paper, as it was extremely noticeable... the white coloring came off..(only used rubbing alcohol) and now the whole thing is ruined... pulled it down and trashed the paper.. I would give this less than one star!!!
I would love this, but its missing parts so I can't install it.
Thermostat did not work, Right out of the package.
like a plastic, i hated it!!
Love the 3 lights that do work... not super happy about the one that doesn't. No response from seller on inquiry about the defective light.
I took out old faucet and installed this one (easy to do). Only to discover that the hoses that come with the faucet don't reach under my sink and it is a unique style so my old hoses don't work. Super bummer and now left without water in my sink. Customer service was strange in their communication and there is no phone number.
unit leaked at every joint; could not tighten enough to stop leak. would not hold shower head in place; too weak to hold up small rain head;
stopped working after 1 hour. horrible product
First, I can't believe Amazon would sell something without mentioning it takes some kind of European bulb. No where in the description state bulb size. It wasn't until I installed and tried to put a candelabra bulb that didn't fit. Once looking a customer reviews that talk about the unique size bulbs but again never say what size or style. JUNK. DO NOT BUY! I'm currently on hold with Amazon and even they can't find out the bulb size.
The magnets fall out. Had to glue them in. Still only work for small cords and still come apart easily.
Came damaged and no cap
The lock was broken to safe and company not willing to help.
Stopped working after 1 year
1st unit lasted 1 1/2 yrs, bought this replacement in June of 2016. Now it has gone out again...
I wish amazon offered 0 stars for a product. I don't understand what happened to Whirlpool / Kitchenaid. Their quality control is awful or they don't care or both. I knew i was taking a gamble on the Kitchenaid brand but wanted to support a North American company. The first circulation pump failed approximately 5 months after purchase - of course i delayed the installation so the 1 year warranty was over (and i verified this with their customer service dept whom i explained the problem and to which they were completely unsympathetic). I thought it must have been a fluke and replaced the pump with this one which just died approximately 6 months after installation. Do yourself a favour and buy a Bosch because Kitchenaid just doesn't care.
Got little use but worked ok till out of return warranty. Now only works when plugged into charger and then at low setting only. Would not recomend.
Junk. Won't even hold the weight of a grill brush.
Item is used and heavily scratched. Paid for new product. Highly disappointed
They start malfunctioning and they are not honoring the warranty
Don't believe the text, I installed these in my IKEA under-cabinet lighting strips and they flickered like crazy. Returned 'em immediately.
This product was not made well at all. We ordered two of these, one worked but the sheen which covered the glass shed everywhere. The second one had parts which were broken. The faucets were very thin and cheaply made.
HATE IT!!!!! The 3 piece sandwich material disintegrated in 1 week. The leftover glue ruined my hardwood floor. Would not recommend.
I ordered 4 white duplex and get 1 white and 3 black. Way to waste my time Amazon, or supplier. I expect 3 white to be sent to my house.
Certainly felt it would not have been any protection since it was broken before I got it.
This has fallen off the wall multiple times. Unusable!
malfunctions all the time,amazon did nothing to correct
They are okey, can't seem to get my own combination to unlock it though.
Buyer be ware - They only sell ONE bracket not the pair.
1. received my order and installed it. Surprised when no voltage was found to be coming from the transformer. returned transformer for a replacement. 2. received replacement transformer. Bench tested it- no voltage. Is it possible I received two defective transformers? Apparently so. Moving on to a different transformer.
Sent different kind of bulb...
The item pictured is a 3 pronged element and the item shipped is a 2 pronged element making it incapable with my machine. This is the second time ordering this particular part and the item has been incorrect twice now prolonging the agony of not being able to use my dryer. No good
Took forever to get them, went out and bought some at hardware store because I didn't think I was going to get them.
There was nothing in the package, it was open!
Didn't fit, had to return it and go to the manufacturer at a much cheaper price
2 of them don't turn off. 4 of them don't come on.
Very misleading. Its so small and flimsy. Looks much bigger in the pic.
bought 5. less then 1 week use, crystal knob fell off. Update: Purchased 5 total on oct 18, 2018. Today is sept. 19, 2019 and literally all the knobs fell off. Wish i could give this 0 stars. I wasted soooooo much money on this. It is only good if you have spare time to glue the crystal back on. Wish i could get my money back.. Who this knob is for: People who want to get stuck in whatever room theyre in. The bathroom for my husband apparently.. luckily, he had his phone on him to ask for help.
2 of my bulbs didn't have the barcode needed to be connected to the hub. Unfortunately, it took me more than 1 month to take it from the box and install it. Therefore, they offered me refund instead of replacement. I called manufacture and they will replace those. At the end of the day.... ...DON'T WAIT, CHECK YOUR PURCHASE
My wife and I are usually compulsive researches when it comes to buy items online. We remodeled our kitchen and got this faucet to match the filter faucet; but, this week it started leaking all of a sudden. And today it broke. It simply broke... now it is hanging as you see in the photo. Bummer! We were enjoying it a lot! Very slick design.
The water coming out is very slow. Its a trickle, I thought it wasnt install it correctly, my handyman showed me everything going to the faucet had good pressure. The faucet was giving out drips of water.
No screw holes on side of grille. 3 along the bottom with 14" center. Have to use drywall anchors. Too late to return...Dont buy!!
I installed three of these bulbs on Saturday and one burnt out by Sunday evening.
The water stored in this tank quickly develops a really unpleasant flavor. I though I just needed to break it in and fill/empty it a few times, but it's months later it seems like the off flavor is getting worse.
These are terrible quality. Tried to install 3 of the 18 that I purchased and the spring clips broke on all of them. Bummer is that I bought them months ago for the house that we're building so by the time I was ready to install them it was well outside of the return period.
Not good quality only lasted 1 and a half years before it rusted out
Half of the lights stopped working a week after they were used. I replaced the fuse, and every single light to make sure there was nothing else I could do... Sucks...
I like this Kohree candles so this is my 2nd order. But please do no send me used ones. This time, candles had scratches and did not have plastic covers. I've just returned them.
not all part were there so there's no way to turn it off. you have to take batteries out.
Had the same seat for a few years before the vinyl split, this seat started splitting in less than three months. Mayfair quality has hit rock bottom.
The paint is horrible. I have used better paint in a third graders art class. It dried quickly no doubt but left a powdery residue that came off like sugar on a white powdered donut. Never again Krylon.
Sliding off after just a couple weeks. I scrubbed and cleaned the surfaces so it would stick wel. After a couple weeks it's as though they were never applied.
Arrived damaged, the box looked like a returned item. So disappointed
I have two different Moen faucets abou 2-3 yrs old did not fit either one. Sent back for refund
These bulbs look very nice, but the buzzing noise is too annoying for indoor use.
Arrived broken. Didn't work. Have as gift so didn't open box until too late to return.
i thought i"ll give them a try, but they kept falling off and there is a delay on the sensor part when it suspects movement
So disappointed! I bought some from another company, they didn't even last 3 months. These had great reviews so I ordered them. Not even 24 hours and one is already burned out!
2 out of 3 lasted one year. one has been about 20% power.
We purchased 3 sets of the 48ft lights. All three strands work, but the remote for one does not. I've sent an email through Amazon and still have not heard back.
Stopped working right after three months and use could not return
I purchased 7 of these lights and had them installed on our home and could not be happier until I examined them recently and found that the socket attachment to the light itself had broken and the light was hanging from the gooseneck by the wires alone! The other 5 seem to be okay, but upon looking at it more closely, there was three screws that held it on, and each only had 1/8 in grab and it's a wonder they held on as long as they did. I couldn't figure out how to take the bulbs out and try and re fasten the screws. But maybe the other five where threaded correctly? It's just frustrating to know what to do.. I feel like I have to buy two more lights of unknown quality so they match the existing 5, or bite the bullet and buy other higher quality ones. These are incredibly bright lights that functioned well with the daylight sensors.
It worked for three weeks and then quit. We also bough a new Samsung dishwasher. The computer board had to be replaced before it worked. When the repairman separated the front door panels a handful of mixed nuts (edible kind) fell out. No extra charge by Samsung for the snacks.
Will no longer pop up on it's own after 3 months. Have to manually pry it open each time I want to use it. Would not reccomend.
Received so late after ordering that now the return window is closed! Not happy.
Not what inspect to get
Remote stopped working already. Bought new batteries thinking that was the issue but just more money down the drain.
Bought these for the strobe effect- as it states they are capable of, but colossal fail! Cant get either of the two to strobe and they change colors on their own. I've tried everything to get them to work right, but nothing works so I am sending them back.
I was looking forward to using this product to route some Arlo camera wires, but it would not stick after a few days. I was also sure to clean the wall, so it is not making sense why it does not hold. Very disappointed, must be cheap quality.
Awful. This literally started melting and smoking after 15 mins!
Do not buy unless you want a diving board for a shelf.. I've installed many floating shelves but usually with welded brackets.. at this price point I figured give em a shot. Wrong. The folded over wall clip just bounces up and down once shelf is attached.. it twist where screws attach it to wall due to thin steel.
Not worth the money I spent, it leaves a wheel mark about an eight of an inch from the edge pushing or pulling it. This caused me double work cause I had to manually go over the edges with a paintbrush. It comes with a little CD instruction video which my computer has no CD rom to play it.
I would have given this product a good rating as far as lighting. Bright light and a good office design; however, when I received it and assembled the posts, it just broke in half. Either a defective connection or not well made. I tried to contact the company by email & they sent an automated response saying they would contact me within 24 hours or close to it. It has been over a week & I still haven't heard from them. Very unprofessional & undependable.
This product was delivered bent. I haven't tried using it. What's my option for replacing it.
Bought 30 of these. At least 10 went bad. Some in the first week of use. Not sure what the point of LEDs are if they don't last...
This hose just doesn't make a good connection and it leaks like crazy. I bought it for my dehumidifier, and it won't uncoil to place in the drain either. Don't waste your money.
I don't know how this can be Amazons top pic. The first order I received had a cracked plastic piece, and when I re-ordered one of the plastic pieces were completely broke off. Save your money and the hassle of having to return. Very poor quality.
Two of the bulbs burnt out within a day of use. One is still working. I would NOT buy these again!!
i bought 2 of these and both were failures, jusy bubbled out a mess, too late to return them i guess
Seller sent us a wet faucet in box. Item is scratched and obviously used, even came with rust on the side and damaged rubber gaskets. Thank you for shipping us someone elses returned item. Instruction pages were also soggy. What a wonderful wet mess of a surprise. Next time just ship us a box of black mold too.
Terrible quality, from the bulb to the app.
Worked fine for awhile. Dead about three months later.
the water from this filter is the same as the city water.
Did not receive item
Both lamps arrived packaged together, very well secured, however, both missing stems to hold lampshades which make them unusable.
This is a replacement but it still came without original box. It does matter because I bought this for my friend and I showed her the boxed picture on Amazon. That's really very disappointing since I have talked to the service and told her I wanted a replacement with proper packaging.
These filters do not work like the Brita filters. The water only filters through the top of this filter so when the water level in the upper part of the pitcher gets just below the top of the filter, it stops. This leaves water in the upper section that makes it difficult to pour without pouring unfiltered water. The Brita filters filter all of the water in the upper section of the pitcher. I do not recommend these filters and will not be buying these again. Now I have 5 filters that I don't really want...
One can of this paint covered less than three square feet, then was empty. For the amount of money one pays for a can of this spray as opposed to its volume, I would recommend not buying it from Amazon. The paint itself looks very nice, just nice, just not enough of it for Amazon's price. Found more of this paint at ACE Hardware for $6.00 a can.
The fit is so tight that it will accommodate one document if you carefully stuff it in. The design needs some slack. Other features are good.
Description wasn't accurate so lights were too large. When I sent them back I didn't realize I'd ha e to pay return shipping too and a restocking fee which was nearly the full price of what I initially paid for it. I was not only very disappointed but have nothi g to show for the money I spent. I would think twice about ordering something lime this again.
I can't review it because they sent me the wrong item, so I returned it and reordered it just to receive another wrong item which I returned. Bought one from Ebay! Very satisfied
We love the item, but it broke after about five weeks which was disappointing because it was after the 30 day return period. It would be nice if the manufacturer reached out to us and offered to replace it. It's hard to know if it was just defective or just cheap to start with.
Light bulbs were packed in one thin walled box without the ends of the box even taped shut. Half of the bulbs arrived broken. Seller stated that they have been having issues getting bulbs delivered in one piece and didn't want to send replacement bulbs because "They will likely arrive broken again". Heres a suggestion, package your products better and the bulbs wont break. Ordered different bulbs through a different company. Returned Hyperikon bulbs.
have to unroll every time
Wow. Original lasted 10 plus years this one less than 2 years
All of my documents - including my passport - got moldy and wet after storing them in this box! DON'T BUY IT!
The lamp was defective and had to be returned. It was missing the metal part where you screw in the lightbulb. I did like the design, but you would expect quality control to notice that such an essential part was missing. Since they did not, I will not buy anything from this company in the future.
Arrived in a very flimsy padded envelope, two bulbs in a light cardboard box. Neither bulb detected movement at all, totally useless.
I ordered this with Prime with a promised two day delivery date. Then I was notified by the seller that it was being shipped from china with a shipping time of 2-4 weeks.
Lots of false alarms. I bought 4 and each one will trigger false alarms. Will get a notification that a door or window was opened when it was not. Very unreliable. Contacted Samsung for support but they were not helpful.
Disappointment. Definitely not 5000 lumens. The color of the light output is very yellow. Better for setting the mood in my house than lighting up my workshop. Motion sensor is a bit slow to response. Installation was a pain having to mount it on the ceiling, then buy an extension cord to reach the outlet. Overall construction felt cheap. Just not worth the money. With I would have gone with a different product. I would return, but already mounted with holes in my ceiling. :(
If I could rate 0 stars, I would. First off, the color is a neon GREEN rather than a yellow as advertised, but I got over that aspect. Second, the wire stopped working after a DAY. A DAY. I changed the batteries to ensure that the issue wasn't with installing old ones, which it wasn't because regardless of the batteries, the wire stopped working somehow. I made this sign and was so excited with how it turned out, only to be greatly disappointed that my hard work was for nothing. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY FROM A DIFFERENT BRAND OR FROM A STORE YOU CAN WALK IN TO. I am requesting for a full refund. I'm so let down.
Very disappointed bought in November 2018 and light went out April 6 th 2019 changed the bulb and still doesn't work very unhappy. Something called the ballast might have gone bad which I hear finding a new one is difficult and is very pricey to replace.
The product descriptions say 1/2” but it is smaller and unable to return item
Ordered 2 smoke alarms and they were no good. Once battery installed the smoke alarm will not stop. Replaced batteries and alarm still will not stop. Items returned for refund.
I typed in my search for gas dryer thermostat, this popped up, it's for electric dryer. I paid for next day delivery of something I didn't want. Cost to ship back was more than my next day delivery. I guess I own an electric thermostat that I don't need.
Bulb lasted 2 Days in a beer brewing application. Message sent to seller with no response. 1 star worthy overall experience.
I bought these to go on a workbench that hardly gets moved. My thought was, why pay more when these will not be called upon to take much use? Well, I found these are horrible at even holding up the 200-pound workbench without wanting to roll or center themselves. They do not "snap" into place or hold their latch setting, the wheels or rollers are cheap and fell apart on a divider line/groove in the garage floor. Certainly not worth the cost or anything close to it.
The brackets didn't match the holes in the seat
Package was poorly wrapped and arrived smashed. The item was obviously returned by a previous buyer and returned. We now have to pay to return this piece of...
Doesn't work - gas detector was showing 1600 and it never turned on the alarm
These chandelier shades are very small, NOT the measurements written in the specs. The inside lining is a yellow-gold color NOT white as shown in the pictures. I am very disappointed in this product.
These bolts are garbage. They broke in half over and over. Ended up going to home depot to get some more and they worked great.
As other reviewers have stated, this often will not replace the OEM filter. Side by side the differences are noticeable. Sorry I didn't keep the pictures I took.
Never received this order. Don't waste your money
They sent me 2 left wheels
The product sock broke the first time I installed
We were not able to install this handle because there was an extra piece of metal preventing it from setting correctly.
Useless. Flimsy and cheaply made. Won't work if you have plastic vents
Didn't like it at all. It was ineffective with just a partial small plug.
Did not receive product.
Hopefully it will still work ok!
I believe it is not the remote that fails, but the actual controller that you plug into the power source, and that you would plug your LED light strip into.
This product came damaged and the volume was no where near the advertised decibel level. The push button adhesive had been pulled off and there were no instructions. I sent it back right away. If I could give it zero stars I would.
Once the sun goes down the battery does not hold a Charge. Easy to install and completely wireless but what's the point if they don't function well at Night.
I used this tape to tape a small area rug down to my carpet because it kept sliding around. The tape only stuck well on one side. So instead of the rug being held down to the carpet, the pieces of tape were only sticking to one or the other. The worst part of it is that the tape tore up the bottom of my rug as well as my carpet when trying to remove the tape after it didn't stick as it was supposed to and one piece is still stuck to my carpet.
Had to return these and order directly from GE.
Weak. Bought it hoping to use on Ten Toes paddleboard but they have a patented air valve. wtf?
Lamp oil soaked cardboard box.... seriously??
A few of these have lost their grip and I have had to replace them.
Two of 3 units failed within a few weeks on the carriage lights on my garage.
This thing is a piece of crap. It all fell apart when I was trying to put it up. Don't waste your $$.
It worked well at first but now it doesn't work at all. I only used it twice too. I tried unplugging it and plugging it into a different socket but nope, that didn't work. I then tried to reinstall the device and nope, that didn't work. It doesn't even light up. Don't but this!
Arrive not broken, wires not even soldered to battery power. Now I have to WASTE MY TIME to return it. Almost done with Amazon.
Ordered 8 feet but 6 feet was delivered. Tried to return with wrong item was sent but got response this item is not returnable.
Buy the metal wheeled version. These are junk and do not last.
UGH!!! So frustrating! Horrible Chinese accent in broken English --please just pay a voice over artist $20 to fix this! Despite this, the controls are the real problem. There is no way to turn on just the lights. The remote is useless if it is mounted because of such a week signal. Even still the controller will not turn it on and off. Any and every time it is turned on then you have to hear this terrible voice -- it's embarrassing. Do not buy!
Product worked fine for a year then water-pressure dropped significantly. Plumber said that it is clogged inside with no way to fix. Ordering another brand as this one is out of warranty. Plumber also said he was surprised that it was a year old from the buildup on the faucet and asked if I purchased used one. Going to pull apart once uninstalled and take photos to post.
Bought five. Two came apart within two days. Third one now failing after 1 1/2 months. Coming apart and it will not stay up. The others two will not stay open either; more like a paper curtain. Cannot return. Do not purchase.
It lasted for a day. After that it will not stay put. This magnetic pad might be good for floor registers but not for wall registers. Also it appears that the magnetic properties of the pad had been weakened by time?
Stopped working after one year! Wasted my money on this.
This statement has nothing to do with the seller, the seller was awesome. Brita filtration system quality overall has gotten worse. I have been using brita for years and for the past year or so the filter life has gotten less and less. Save your money by the PUR water filtration system it lasts longer and is of better quality.
Ordered a new lock, the one I received was obviously used. Bubble packaging cut open, and taped back together.
Have not received parts
Poor item - avoid to purchase. Came in broken pieces.
Light didn't last but 7 months. They won't replace it. I won't buy from them again unless they make good on their defective product.
Setup was fine, but after a month the device stopped working.
Developed the double click bug. What a waste of money.
What I didn't like is they never shipped it to me. Although I paid for it. Can't get a response from them either.
It was a Christmas gift I thought would cute. However after opening the package it had no backing on it. It had been sealed and packaged this way. So no way to keep the battery in it. So it was useless and a waste.
Split in half when I got it.
It thru sparks when plug in. I still have not seen the refund
I can buy 10 of these outlets at home depot for what 1 cost here. BIG RIPOFF!
The seller does not cover the cost of returning postage. Ridiculous!
Just get it and install it, light and plastic, the button do not reduce the water power of waterline well. I must purchase one new one, bad quality products.
The packaging on this is quite unbelievable...granted this could've easily been UPS's doing, but the paper wrapping in between boxes was a joke considering the type of material being shipped.
A one star bcuz I have to return due to it being to small for my door n they do not sell this brand any bigger. But the quality seems great I really wish I could use it.
did not fit any of the several sized bulbs we needed tho change. Gray ring that is suppose to size gripper didn't. Ring kept sliding down therefore not supplying enough tension to grip. Sending back.
I love it. It only work for 1 or 2 weeks. After that it no longer work.
Picks up signal from other apartments.
Does not work. Not able to change combination.
Junk..could not get it to stick on!
Looks cool and high tech but does not cover a standard two gang switch box. Had to modify a faceplate to fill the gap.
Bought 2 both freeze up
The box holder / shelf is not plumb to the post. Aka skewed. Who wants a crooked mailbox? I didn't work on my mailbox post to put a crooked one on it. They can't align & drill 6 true hole. Are they throwing darts to mark before drilling. It did not look like a repack but look at the damaged washers. QA = failed. I could overlook the washers but not the careless manufacturing.
Not strong enough to say attached. Sending back.
Purchased 2 of these. Says free shipping and FREE Returns. Just took over $16 off my refund to ship it back.
One of the two bulbs went out after 2 days
Filters arrived and upon inspection frames were bent and distorted. Pleats were uneven and unattached to frames in same areas.
Completely wasted my money here.... Would not stick at all.... We shampooed our carpets, waited two days, and it would not stick to anything. So I know it was not "because the carpet was t clean"... Just no good
I have bought this product several times and they just keep breaking after a few months. Not sure what the issue is.
I followed instructions down to the letter and I was left with a couple broken plates. I had to take them all down. So disappointed in this product and wish I was in the window to return them.
I am very upset! I ordered a LED football lamp & got a package of Ramon Noodles! I expect a full return of my $$$$, even though the order is saying it can't be returned!
This was incredibly confusing to put together, and I'm pretty sure that the directions I received did not go with the actual product.
Ordered and paid for next day delivery, they didn't ship it for two days, and not because it wasn't in stock. They just failed. Didn't even bother refunding next day delivery fees.
Photo misleading. Product smaller than it really is.
This product is horrible! Worked great the first day. But by the second day it wouldnt hold a charge. I have charged it for 2 days and the light is very dim and goes out within an hour or two. So disappointed :(
great design but poor quality. manufacture assembly wrong., some lights don't work.
NEVER RECEIVED THIS ITEM!!!!!
Can't write a review still waiting on product ordered it on March 8 still showing I've got at least a week left for arrival.
DOES NOT LAST MORE THAN 5 MINUTES OF USE,TOTALLY USELESS. IF YOU BUY THEM YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED BUT MAYBE YOU NEED AN EXPENSIVE PAPERWEIGHT?
There's no screws in the box???? I looked at product description again....they should be included....
Arrived broken, but I did get a refund.
Bulb lasted only 6 months before it started to flicker rapidly after normal use. Seems like the bulb is poorly constructed.
Worse tool I ever bought, they are junk
I only received one light I ordered two
This item doesn't stick well to the wall
This broke within a week of having it.
They do not offer returns and they sent me the wrong size. Unacceptable.
The lights flicker for about 5 seconds of every minute when dimmed. Very irritating!!
I ordered these in a real estate transaction and had them installed and the 2nd night they were chirping with low battery - 2 out of the 5 - these are supposed to be 10 yr battery. Im returning them - what a joke on me!!! don't buy these - terrible
Stopped working after a week
Was dud didn't work at all
Don't buy this. One light came broken and another light does not stay on. Cheap product
Terrible. These came on one sheet of plastic and were very hard to peel off. It seems that a large part of the adhesive was left behind on the clear plastic sheet. I trust purchasing it.
This valve didn't work at all. My toilet leak was as bad after installation. I think the soft rubber hinge results in poor alignment of the valve with the hole. I replaced it with a less expensive Fluidmaster valve which worked perfectly.
I tired to cancel the order before it shipped. I received an email that I could return it an when I tried it says item is not returnable! This company is very sneaky and deceitful!!!
This is the second product that I've wanted to return from this brand. What country is this for? And, after having an electrician come out, it still doesn't work. I couldn't get an electrician out before the return date and now I'm out the money and stuck with a useless product. Very disappointing.
They sent the wrong knobs!!! Very unpleased!!!
The spring broke upon installation.
The projection is barely visible at night. Very displeased.
Barely lasts 2 hours. We've had cloudless sunny days since I purchased these. They come on nice and strong when it gets dark but under less than two hours, they go completely dark. I bought three strands and all three turn off (at the same time).
Bought these and have had them up two weeks and most of them already not working
The item I received looks absolutely nothing like the one pictured
First I order a two pack and only recieved a single cam. The one I did receive does not even work. Will record audio but has no video at all. Directions very vague and difficult to understand. After hours of trial and error managed to get an audio recorded but will not display a video at all. Device constantly drops connection so the app will not pull up a video feed.
Junk. Broke in one day and wont hold a charge.
I have been using G9 Light bulbs in my desk lamp for years. I usually swap them out about every other year. These light bulbs last about a week at most. Absolutely awful product. I've never changed a light bulb so frequently.
If I could give them 0 I would. It arrived already locked.
Arrived defective, broken switch.
I only received one salt lamp instead of the two pack. They were supposed to both be here in time for Christmas, only one arrived. No information was given on when the second would be sent
We are in the middle of a remodel so I didn't notice but this never arrived.
I purchased this 16 months ago. The hinges have turned to powder! No point in locking it now. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!
I cannot get these to work.
Absolutely disappointing and a waste of money. Used it twice and then neither key would properly turn the locking mechanism. Tried everything to get it to work, but the flimsy key ultimately broke inside the lock and I had to cut it off before my camping trip. Do no waste your money on this junk.
Lighting is not bright enough for me 😪
These lights are designed to connect in series, but the unit equipped with motion senor must be first. Because the lights are not symmetric, the power supply can only connect to the right side of the unit with the sensor. If the power outlet is on the left of your light array, it will have to run full length to the right to make a connection. Bad design in my opinion. The USB connectors between the units are another bad deign. It is very easy to damage USB sockets inside the light. As a matter of fact one of the lights in the set I received came with that socket already separated from the light printed circuit board.
The brightness of the lights were ok, the main reason I bought the light were for the Magnet Stick-on. It doesn't work. The lights won't stick to the magnets that came with the product. I attached as the instructions said and less then thirty minutes later all four lights fell on the floor.
It ripped up and came off in a month
It doesn't keep the charge even if you're not using and if you use finishes in a few minutes. It get stuck and doesn't release the charger or the machine
Like the bulbs bought two one came broke in the package not sure how to get replace ?
I have used this glue before & LOVED it. Unfortunately, I purchased 2 of these. They were packaged separately- in those plastic contraptions that have to be cut apart to get them out. Even so, both tubes were leaking. I cut the packages apart so I would not slice my hands on the plastic, so I am certain they were not mishandled when I removed them from their containers. A little glue would not distress me too much but they will not close tightly at all so I know they will dry out before I can use the glue.” I am very disappointed because this glue was great. I glued a handle back on a fish tank lid 2 years ago and it is still intact! Of course, it doesn't matter how good the glue is if the container is substandard. I will update this review depending on how customer service handles this matter.
worked great at first, after 3 months of use, the rubber hose inside snapped when I was handling the shower head and water sprayed everywhere.
Worked good for 3 or 4 weeks and then the timer froze up.
Would never buy again.
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! As the other reviews state, it closes soft until 45 degrees and then slams shut. Fir a kid's toy chest this is NOT ok. Dangerous!!!
This is not oil rubbed bronze. Not only is it plastic which I don't mind, but the color is wrong.
I bought 6 of these LED bulbs last April, they worked great at the beginning but not even a year later only 2 out the the six are still working. These bulbs might be cheaper than other brands but if they last less than a year then they are not worth it in my opinion. I don't expect the last 2 bulbs to last much longer.
This is a dangerous device. It tell over and cracked the window in my office. It has a very foul chemical smell. Instructions are very poor.
The thermistor worked well; however, the thermal cut off was received inoperable. I would appreciate it if I received a replacement by the seller. If it were operational, they would have received 5 stars.
My item never arrived!!!
This turtle is really cute but it doesn't light up the switch was broke when I opened the packaging. Just a disappointment.
I bought six of these bulbs. One bulb burnt out the instant I turned on the switch. Two more burnt out in two weeks, and another one burnt out after another week. Maybe it's just a bad batch.
This is extremely cheaply made and broke immediately. The whole thing fell apart when the button was pushed to try and sync it to the garage opener.
Good light, poor engineering on thumb screw to light fixture. Whoever did this needs fired. Would not buy again.
I looked at the pictures of the faucet and read some of the reviews. One of the reviews mentioned that you did not have to install the base plate if your sink only had one hole for the faucet. Since I was replacing a faucet on an existing sink that had three holes I figured no problem, I would just install the base plate to cover the holes. When I opened up the box containing the faucet I found it did not contain a base plate. There response: "Sorry for the delay. As for the deck plate, I'm sorry that it's not included in the package, as we claimed in the product image. This version of faucet has undergone 100% inspection and the material costs much, so the price could not afford an optional deck plate. I hope you can understand. : (" No I can't understand, as they stated themselves they claimed in the product image. Now I must face the hassle and cost of returning this faucet and ordering or more likely buying from a box store so I can actually look at what I'm buying. So BUYER BEWARE when ordering on line.
Very cheaply made flimsy the cardboard is very weak when installed it the center pulled into my a/c return. I will Never buy this product again I need a filter sturdy enough to stand up to my unit. The only reason I choose Arm & Hammer is for their good nome...
We replaced the parts according to instructions. The wheels broke off after about six weeks.
I did not get my order
my water still tastes same, ice tastes same... I've dumped out multiple gallons of water and ice bins. waste of money.
Please don't buy this product unless you verify the dimension from the product manufacturer. The dimension online are incorrect. My electrician charged me X dollars to install this and to find out that the medicine cabinet can't be open. Waste of time and money.
One of the four did not work out of the box, the other three died within one week! I hope if anyone else buys these they have better luck.
inside finish is great, the outside looks cheap and is scratched. The screws don't sit flush. I was looking for something with a nice finish to build art frames. need consistency on both sides due to different frame designs.
Doesn't stick. Terrible
Installed in about 2 hours due to location, still very easy. Unit lasted about a day. Verified voltage to unit. I don't recommend this unit from a reliability stand point from my experience with it
Not as expected. Remote doesn't work and the battery is different from the candles. Very cheap looking. Would not order again.
Worked for less than 1 day. Loud buzzing for about 2 or 3 seconds and then dead. Now I have figure out how to return it.
This might be good for other cracks, but does not work well for cracks in the corner. Also, the DVD instructions they sent did not work. I was able to find instructions on YouTube but I paid too much for the instructional DVD to not work.
Bought this for my Samsung Dryer, installed it as I have a few times when the coil went on my dryer. Everything worked fine for a bit but sometime during the first drying cycle with my new coil and fuses, the dryer stopped drying.. so I had to pull everything apart again and found that this thermostat (which is really a fuse) had blown... I tested the old one and it was fine so I put the old one back in and drying been running without a hitch for about 2 weeks... I am disappointed that this fuse blew... my guess is that it was defective as the old one worked just fine. I guess you get a bad lemon every once in a while.
I'm not sure what it is about the power from my over the range Broan vent hood, but I simply cannot find an LED bulb that will not flicker in the unit. I've tried most of the products available on Amazon, different sizes, wattages, shapes, and still to this day haven't found one that works. The search continues!
This enclosure transfers at USB 3.0 rates, not USB 3.1 rates. Even says so in the manual, which I didnt read until having issues with transfer speeds. Big difference.
Actually, I am still waiting on my order eventhough it has been at the nearest city for a week. My order shipped with DHL Have not had a problem with FedEx or UPS delivering. DHL contracts out local delivery & the driver did not want to deliver to my address. Have had to make special arrangements to have my order delivered to my place of work eventhough I am injured & unable to drive. I really hope the order arrives intact. Will post a review on the actual product once I actually receive it.
Got this for the holidays and it does not even pair with my phone. I have a Google pixel which is a lot more efficient than any iPhone I've owned. Can't even return it now. Waste
It said a 4 pack and I only received 2.
It looks like a toy. To expensive to return
Not worth one star. Product does not work. After plugging into socket, the only thing that worked was the light. The outlets did not provide electricity.
The installation went well enough but within two days the tape was no longer able to hold the film to the wall. I had installed this on two different windows and had the same result. Get one with better tape.
This bulb was 40 watts and got so hot it was burning the globe on the head of the bed and you couldn't touch the local switch. They didn't list the wattage of this bulb but I assumed from its small size it would be in the 10 to 20 watt range. Not a good buy if you want a low wattage and low heat bulb. It's a fire hazard if installed in a flammable light fixture.
I haven't received my order and haven't been able to find a contact number to call and let you know. Maybe you can help. It is now Dec. 10th and it was shipped on Nov. 2nd.
Have a dozen or so other smart items (plugs, Nest, etc.) that worked immediately. This I tried for an hour to get to work with Google and Alexa without success. If that is what you are after just be forewarned.
Definitely not self closing, and they were glossy black instead of flat black. The two things there were supposed to be, and they weren't.
This faucet has been a huge disappointment. Started having trouble with the sprayer/flow button and this has progressed into the faucet leaking out of the top of the sprayer and the button itself. Only have had it for 6 months. POOR QUALITY and not says it has a warrenty but its not proving easy or accessible to find the information. I want a refund or replacement.
Does not work at all. Followed instructions...then applied/scrubbed again and NO change. Still dirty! Sending back for a refund.
Adhesive material did not keep onto the rubber. Tossed out after a month.
Would like to rate 0 stars but not an option. The seller shipped me a fixture that was obviously already returned once. It had the glue from the original sticker still on it. The clear plastic protection film had already been removed from the bulbs. I plugged it into a surge protector and with the power off, there was a dim glow from one strip of the LEDs, with the power on both strips flash off and on. Very disappointed. Why the heck would someone ship an already returned item?
This item comes bent in half... yes you heard me right. After struggling to straighten it with a mallot for a half hour I finally gave up. There's no way to get it straight again. What are they thinking?!
can't get it to connect.
they do not stick very well at all bought a glue stick because they kept falling off, overall looks cute
all of the lights are turning yellow for the first 3 feet of each strip.
I bought this in October and only used it a couple times to put up, and take down christmas lights. I take it out for the spring and I notice the top run has snapped off so it is swinging out. I expect more out of a ladder that is so expensive
This product did not work for me.
the motion detection is not good, it works only if you are directly in front of the light, not on the sides. Brightness of the light is a joke. I will return mine today.
2 of the 3 lights are already out and its been less than a year!! Contacted company and after 8 days still no response!!
This is heavy. Falls off on my ceiling vent.
Too short. Does not work
Very poor, missing parts was so mad just dump in the garbage
1 star is generous for this piece of garbage, actually calling it garbage doesn't do it justice! First of it is made from the medal that is thinner that the singal sheet of paper that comes with it. The design is ridiculous! They have 3 wires coming out the back, the wires are barely thicker than a piece of string and only 3 inches long. Instead of creating it to hook up to a standard light box they have 4 holes to screw it to your ceiling. They include 4 piece of plastic to protect the screws... Their intention was probably to be used as anchors, but they do not expand so are not anchors! If they had just cut a hole for the wires to come down from the ceiling it might have made this better... The the lights are 4 strips of led tape... Yup... Like I said garbage!
This light is a piece of junk! Suggest you buy another product as this was did not even last 6 months. I am very disappointed in this product! It is definitely not worth the money I paid!
Replaced original rollers (in place for 25 years plus) because of bearing failure on one roller. The rubber outer band on one of the new rollers came off after 3-4 months. When I tried to contact the manufacturer through Amazon, all I got was that I was beyond the 90 day return window. I have no ordered OE rollers from another vendor.
Very disappointing! The vase arived with scratches and crumbles and a big crack. While the package said there were a heating light bulb and a spare the only light bulb that arrived was burned out. Now I need to buy a new light bulb.
Only lasted a few weeks, had to replace.
The framework was correct. The panels were 24” and not 30” as advertised. I've already installed the framing. Now I have to locate 2 correct size panels as I have deadline on the project and no time to wait for replacements. I hope the company sees this as I'm expecting a full refund!
Looks nothing like picture
Just shy of 5 months one of the wheels fell apart and another is barley spinning.
In less than a month the little door on this broke. It's junk! Zero stars
The vanity was not good quality of materials. I had to return it.
Piece of junk. Can not get cords out of the plug once they are inserted. I'd like to return it, but I can't get the cord out of our charger to send it back.
Bought 2 of these. One lasted less than a year, the other less than 2.
Only lasted two months. What a waste
Product leaks very badly. I've done everything to tighten but nothing seems to work.
Not entirely sure about this brand, the first filter filled up or blocked in the first week of use.
I was extremely disappointed in this product. First after shaking thoroughly, I sprayed my newly painted a few days before old terra cotta pots. It went on super glossy which I thought was lovely until after 24 hours I touched it thinking it was dry. Big mistake! it was like oil all over the pots. I don't know if the spray was bad somehow or just a screw up from the manufacturer. So I waited another day. It still wouldn't dry right it again was like oil all over my pots. I was so upset because spending $100 on the pots in the first place than having them ruined using this spray truly ruined my month. The Smell was horrible which was another problem so after a week trying everything to get these pots to dry in 76 degree perfect weather I gave up.
This is NOT compatible with Fisher Paykel as listed. I returned it and bought direct from FP.
I bought this because it's similar to a wooden (more expensive) one we have in a different bathroom. Fairly easy to install. Immediately noticed the lid itself is not soft closing at all, and the seat does not stay up. When you lift it, it starts falling back down as soon as you let it go. Kind of a pain if you're trying to use the toilet. I contacted customer service and a rep replied via email the next day saying he had to contact the inventory department. I waited 3 days and emailed him again and he said he was still waiting. I have yet to hear anything back about a replacement or a refund. *UPDATE* I will be contacting Amazon about returning this because now the training seat does not stay up either. 100% junk. I'm not sure what they are going to do with a used toilet seat, but it's useless for me and I'm not keeping their trash
I thought this would be perfect for the kitchen sink, however a label inserted into the package says it is made with cancer causing materials. This was to be for the kitchen sink with food preparation so I canceled the order and will not use the item.
It never connects to bluetooth or turns on as the box says it should when you follow the directions. I will be returning this and purchasing a different one from another company.
The product name literally says it is compatible with Google Home, however it is not compatible with the Google Home at all. This is false advertisement and I am going to try to get my money back ASAP.
These plugs are junk! They are almost impossible to get to pair and we you do get them paired it does not stay. They constantly go "offline" and will not sync with Alexa unless they are basically on top of each other. Don't waste your money!
The box came with open seal and it says to inform if the seal was broken. I don't want to return but definitely want the item replaced and send a box without the broken seal.
Don't buy this!! With in 10 hours of use, 3 of the four bulbs burned out! The knobs which are supposed to point the lights do not work, the lights keeping drooping ( point at the floor! If Amazon would let me I would return them right NOW!!!
This isn't about product as it just came today and have not used it yet. This is about the poor packaging the product was sent in causing pretty severe damage to both gallon paint cans. I'm surprised the paint didn't leak out. The cans are so bent on top and bottom we will be lucky to even open lid and forget putting a lid back on once you get it off. Sides are also dented in. I get it we bought paint not a can but the can should be useable to paint and these are not. Product came in a flimsy box with only one wrap of very thin bubble wrap, nothing to protect a gallon can of paint. One star was given because paint was still in can.
Missing parts to camera bracket
I only used this light for 2 months and it already burnt out.
Easy to install, which is good since you'll be needing to because this motor is a piece of junk!
Despite what I read in previous reviews and the product description, it does NOT have an on/off switch. A switch is the main reason I ordered this specific product.
Looks great and nice shower pressure but after only 3 weeks of use the fake chrome is starting to corrode very bad all over the shower head. Super disappointed. Do not buy!!!
The bolt that holds the latch broke off, first time use out of box. Very cheap quality. Would never buy another from that manufacturer.
Was great for a year but the dimmer switch just caught fire. Looked at the reviews and realized this happened to many others. Be sure to unplug it if you leave the house!
I ordered the part and was exciting when it came today. I opened the box and the igniter came broken as you can see in picture. I emailed company to see if they will send me a replacement one that is not broken. I am hoping they don't wait to receive the broken one before sending me a new one, because that will be another week my family of 5 will be without a stove. And as you can see by the picture this thing is broken. Let's hope they have good customer service and do the right thing. I will update when I hear back from company hopefully giving them 5 stars.
I literally was locked inside my room because the inner latch that keeps a door closed wouldnt turn all the way when I turned the door knob. 2 out of 3 have failed so far. very disappointed
I had problems connecting to wifi. Too many problems! It's too bad because I felt this was the perfect door alarm.
Came with missing parts. Should've went to Ikea instead of ordering online smh.
This product must have been used because pictured is the condition it was in when I opened it. Rather than returning it, I purchased some model paint to touch up the paint. I don't like dealing with returns.
The adhesive called and I couldn't find a replacement online to fix it.
Worked for 3 days and burned out.
DO NOT use the nails on real masonry walls!! This product is a cheap imitation of the expensive and excellent German picture hooks. These nails damage masonry, the heads break off and the nails cannot be easily and neatly removed from masonry. They're adequate (barely) for plaster board walls. The hooks are OK
Do not purchase this item. I did and two of them do NOT work at all. They are difficult to mount anywhere but on the ground
We plugged these in for a party and after an hour they stopped working, and haven't worked since. Very disappointed, and I had purchased two sets of them.
I REVIEWED THE WRONG ITEM. This is the one I hate NOT the replacement item.i HATE THIS ONE BECAUSE IT TOOK MORE THAN 30 DAYS TO REALIZE IT IS THE WRONG SIZE and Amazon will NOT accept its return.
I bought 2 of these and neither one worked. One didn't pass voltage through the dimmer and the other only passed voltage at the 100% on level. Junk.
I have had these lights for a short time and all 3 strands 1 hardly works,and 2 other strands don't work...
This light burns through batteries ridiculously quickly, especially considering the lights are LED. Don't waste your money.
One has already stopped working in less than 24 hours. I can turn it on and off manually. It no longer works from the app. I did a factory reset twice and still no luck. I have many smart devices in 2 different houses so it's not user error.
You charged me again for an item I returned look at the photo above this was returned and received by you on Nov 26th I will be watching for my refund for the fraudulent CHARGE!,,,
Not "universal" didn't fit my stovetop, check specs first if you can figure it out
It worked very well,BUT ONLY FOR 2 WEEKS.after that it just dosent turn on anymore.now it's just sitting in my garage..i wasn't gonna buy if I've would knew that this is only gonna last for 2 weeks...don't recommended anyone to buy this.
0 stars...it's just spray painted to look like bronze... very poor quality...added to that I still haven't gotten my refund after Amazon received my package on the 10th
Broken on receipt..returned
looks great, shines great, eats batteries and then just stops working ... unfortunately within the month :-( Not worth the $$
The packaging is incorrect. I keep getting a single 30 watt RGB LED in a package that's says 20 watt RGB LED Floodlight......which is still now what I originally ordered. I got this as a replacement and just said screw it, they'll just send me another one anyway
A piece of crap...batteries only lasted 1 month...threw it out
it originally flowed a steady stream of water. after about a week, it began to slow. We are about 3 weeks in and I get drips of water when I filter it.
Have now ordered the 4 light version twice. Both times, I get the 3 light version. Does the 4 light even exist?!
Fell off the stick on the second toilet. Waste of money.
Not happy finally set up everything only 4 out of 8 lights work guess I have 8 normal lights. To late to send back. Test them soon as you get them.
The 1 star is my own fault.... I'm an HVAC tech and thought these jumpers would be easier/faster/better than my alligator clip styles. However, they are magnetic which means they don't stick to aluminum or stainless terminal landings.....DUH!! stupid me They won't work for most Residential or Commercial HVAC equipment. OOPS
I loved the product but now after 2 months it will not take a charge!!! I was going to buy more but not now. Ridiculous
Do not bother ordering these. I was very annoyed to find that the 'push buttons' were stuck and would not push down. We followed the directions. I even had other people try and nobody could get them to work. Total garbage. Annoyed to have my time wasted - now we have to go through the hassle of returning.
These bulbs are only about as half as bright as the 20w halogen bulb they are suppose to be a replacement for. I had to reinstall the original halogen bulb in my desk lamp because the light from the LED replacement was too dim to read by.
Great product but came missing a set screw
Didn't even work. Trash
Broke two weeks after buying it.
They stopped working after turning it on for less than 1 hour :( sad. I would still like a refund or replacement.
Not what I expected and not what was advertised
4th palet in and the thing bent like it was made from aluminium foil. I wouldn't pay $4 for it.
Good shipping but unfortunately it did nothing for the sulfur smell in my water. $600 + spent for nothing
I want to contact customer support but I find it hard to find the contact info. I think I got a defective unit. One of the screws doesn't fully bore through the unit. Too bad because I had to have it shipped to the Philippines and it took two months before I got it (asked somebody to ship it to me).
Well while it was working it was great, but only used it a few times since we got it in December and now it wont stop flashing, no or strobing, I turn off and on it flickers, or flashes, or strobes, if it stays on it does so for about 10 seconds and you think its good nope starts to flash. Never dropped, never out in the rain, If the company stands behind their product and wants to send me another to replace it I would change my review if after several months the replacement does not falter. But as of right now I will leave this review, if the product did not falter it would be great.
One arrived already broken. Another fell off the bottom of my cabinets and broke into several pieces. You have to press really hard to turn them on and off.
Trash...don't waste your money and time people , bunch of cheap Chinese crap!
I have never encountered such a poorly made product in my life. Glass is too fragile, screws are too short, it looks like it was assembled by a kindergartener. I had to order a replacement and even tried to make something out of it from two sets. Wasted time and money. This item should be taken off the Amazon inventory.
I got this for my 95 year old mother, from a social occupational 'nurse' that said this is what she needed to sit and take a bath safely with an off and on 'switch'. I saw the switch on the picture of the ad above, and there is none on the thing sent today. I am frustrated beyond belief, at the makers and Amazon for providing my mother with this crap equipment that was not what was promised that I ordered. THERE IS NO SWITCH. Forget this product. They have changed it or simply lied. DO NOT BUY THIS. I want to return this worthless piece of crap. I thought I could trust Amazon more than this, but next time I will check out the merchandise myself at Home Depot. You do not want this piece of crap. Get a water hose; it is simpler and better than this worthless piece of plastic looking chrome
Installed it and the transmitter stopped working after 2 months
These are nice looking sink drainers/strainers, but they liked about 1/8" being deep enough to fit my sink and would not hold the water in the sink. Amazon quickly refunded my money upon my return of the product, S&H free.
I like my local FM radio in my shop. Much less distraction than TV. These lights work great but I seem to have a choice between working with lights(no radio) or in the dark with radio. If there is a work around that would be great.
Made a simple mistake, canceled order immediately before shipment. Ordered the correct one, and installed it no issues. One month later they finally respond to the order cancellation (which now was a product return, since they decided to ship the product anyway). They now want to charge me over $50 for the shipping and re-stocking fee of an item I canceled and didn't want to begin with, and was very clear about. Product is still in shipment box, so these issues seem inexcusable.
Does the job I needed it for. Wish it had non slip steps
The Box clearly states that it should be in an upright position. It was shipped on it's side and one the containers leaked. It is a beach based product and it made a mess.
Bought this fan about a month ago and it worked great for the first couple of weeks but now it doesn't blow air out at all. Very disappointed in this purchase. Gave it a 1 star because I had to.
Quit after 3 months- definitely could tell water tasted different. Too late to return. Too much $$$ to spend for 3 mo.
You get what you pay for in this case. Near impossible to set correctly cause the numbers don't click into place very easily and spin when you're in the middle of the initial set-up. I couldn't set new codes for two of the locks regardless of following the exact same steps, so they are worthless now.
As others stated, listing says 250, box contains about 50. not worth the price at all, they aren't even good quality.
You guys left part out
Very cheap looking look like they would be good in a daycare or child's room not accenting an adult space the little white peices were falling off second day wouldn't recommend buying these
The item recieved did not look like the picture, it was not E26 (As expected) was some other type of connector. Returned the item.
I have three of these. Would like to 'like' them, but every day now, am beginning to 'loathe' them. First all, they are expensive, $80 each. Excellent build. Terrible set up. Mediocre app. All this is fine, in my opinion, if it functioned consistently. I have 'Google' mesh wifi extenders at home. The water detectors keep going 'offline' one by one, at random, then at random, connect back again. God help me if they are offline when there is a leak. Or, I am asking my attorney, who is liable? if there is a leak and this expensive device has failed to notify me of the leak. This is the thing we all need to be aware, we should buy these gadgets from a reliable company only. I thought, that by paying more, I would get a decent product from Honeywell. Forgot that they are an old fashioned 'Thermostat' company. Maybe they should stick to their old, cheap thermostats, having them made, wherever they got them made, because, if it broke down, it would only cost me less than $20 to get a new one. Will wait for a Nest product. I had sent a Customer service email, a while ago, I guess they are busy answering all the thousands of complaints. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT. Only a complete refund will satisfy me.
This handle did not work on any of our side mount toilets. The angle of the lever inside toilet tank is wrong and the length of the lever is too long. It will not work without hitting the top of the tank lid and the it is a partial flush.
doesn't work, makes your job harder. I'm sorry i bought it.
The plug simply did not fit on the device it was meant for, in the description, it matches.. but when I got it, turns out it was bigger, pretty bumped out about it... good thing amazon provided an option for return..
If you think the stars on a cloudy night provide enough illumination for your late night umbrella-bash, then this is the product for you! Just be sure not to light any candles while using these string lights, the sudden burst of illumination from even a single candle will annihilate your night vision.
It makes a screeching sound when it tops off. Kind of like letting air out of a balloon when you hold the flaps. I should have read the reviews before buying. My bad.
This is not a 6" trim. It is a 4" trim. Does not work for a 6" fixture.
The closer stuck in the open position during the installation and couldn't be closed. Even when uninstalled, it was impossible to put into the closed position. Not eligible for return, so the money is wasted. Very disappointed as I installed a double set from the same brand on another door a few weeks ago and it's working just fine.
The light did not come with any instructions so basically this is useless.
Very difficult to use, I rarely give bad comments, this installation does not work at all
Dries super fast. Should supply more than two applicator tips.
I never received item.
The wrong size of bulb was in the box. The manual calls for 25w and the lamp came with 40w bulb. I called and a new package was sent to me, again the wrong size of bulb. I returned the second package that was sent to me and I have ordered the correct size of bulbs individually. I want to use the lamps for my son, he has asthma and I hear that these lamps can be helpful to clear his airway.
The product was unreliable at best... I bought them for the purpose of garage lighting... the first one died within a month... while the second one was used in the living room on a light post... it lasted little over 7 month before it also failed... both light exhibited the symptom of failure when some the led starts to flicker... and it's not long before the entire row of lights starts to flicker then the entire unit fails within a few days. Trying for more expensive lights... you get what you pay for...
Wouldn't sync and keep flipping off when I wasn't home which defeated the purpose of having it . Returned to Amazon with out a problem.
Pointless. You have to be super close to the outlet for the switch to work so you couldn't even put it on the wall.
I received this package yesterday...not only was it obvious that at some point it had gotten wet, but it had also grown mold all over it. I can't imagine someone at the Amazon factory thinking it was ok to send a box to a customer that had mold all over it. Not only is this a health hazard, but it's toxic.
Worked amazingly for a little over a month, then became completely useless.... zero water pressure, so water came out in a trickle, while it steadily dripped out of the hose (checked & it was still installed tightly). Total waste of money!
The product just did not work. The spring hinge the goes into the doors hole does not move. It's like it's seized into the door. I cannot shut or lock my door using this product. I have to use the Dead bolt just to keep the door closed.
The filters don't work
suits fine, waste of money to add the gloves, its one pair of cheap latex gloves, so they will rip in about 2 minutes and can just buy a box of them for the same price.
Locks are made of junk absolutely s*** nfg no f****** good
I purchased 3 sets of these lights for my windows from 3 different companies, and every single set went out after only one day. I was a fool to have puchased three sets of these lights.
Unfortunately - product stopped working after 4 months. Prior to this - the switch on time was too short, but brightness, install, handling was easy. Now need to try to figure out how to get the 12 month warranty honored.
I found item spilled into my box with no adhesive strips to be found.
I'm sure the item would be fine if it had been packaged better from the seller. The lightbulbs were placed in a large box and had absolutely nothing to cushion the bulbs during the shipping process. One bulb is broken right from the get-go.
Does not fit a Junction box. You're much better getting something from Lowe's. I had to throw it out.
Now I have to buy the brass clips, the picture shows a plastic tab, which is not what arrived.
Late shipping only sent 3 when I ordered 4. Plus this was for a capstone/senior design project for college. Through a curve ball in our deadline for presenting. Going to request a refund. Note - the valves are good quality, just the distribution and shipping was messed up
I ordered this extension kit. I was supposed to receive 6 small item clips, but only recieved one.
My the light strip snapped in one of the sections that you have an option to do so without me actively doing so so now a whole section of the lights strip doesn't work and it was very expensive so I would expect a higher quality. They were very customizable and bright, so it was good for that. I cant find any number or email to contact the customer service about this.
I couldn't get it to show on my phone.
Did not receive item
I regret to give this product even 1 star. Don't buy this stuff and waste your time. The attached pictures show a “white” tub that has just been refinished. Yes, I said “white”. According to rustoleum green is in fact white. Personally I don't agree. After hours of work I will now have to pay someone $300 to take off this junk and put on the real stuff. What a headache!
I bought his step for my 87 year old mother. It feels totally unstable even to me. If you step directly onto the center it seems fine but if you step along the edge it wobbles and feels like it will flip over.
I would have rated it lower but 1 is as low as they have. This is a lousy light. Mine Just glows in the dark and does nothing when you walk in front of it...don't waste your money or time on this piece of junk.
Garbage....doesn't stick to walls at all.
A disappointing (and pointless) experience, overall. The Eufy app sets up fine but there's little point in controlling a light from the phone (some might find this useful, I suppose). They cooperated with Google Home effectively only about 20% of the time. I use more than my share of connected devices so basically have a pretty good handle on the technology. Fighting with light bulbs is ridiculous (I realized, after fighting with light bulbs for a couple days) so I finally just threw them away and felt free.
The faucet came with the nicks on the underside. I thought it wasn't a big deal because no one would see it. Well, it has been about a half of a month and now there are twice as many nicks underneath and the pant has started to chip off by the button. I was hoping I'd get something that at least lasted longer than half of a month. I'm disappointed.
Had 3 of them break and or separate. Waste of money
I ordered chrome and they shipped Plastic white. This is such an irresponsible shipping.
I never got them to work. I will return and buy amazon brand. They hookup easily.
Do not buy these lights. It doesn't do anything for your yard. In the third day of set up these lights, I took a picture. In the picture, there is another kind of solar light next to this product, the difference is TREMENDOUS. They got exposed to the same amount of sunlight during the day. I wish I could return these products!
Extremely poor quality!! Looks NOTHING like the advertisement.
Ok these are CHEAP, of the two i ordered one broke within a week the other one is still working but does not work properly. The sensor on them barely functions (as in 75% of the time in pitch black conditions it does not turn on as it should) the color change effect also does not work either. If you want a toilet light for a brief laugh then these are great, if you are expecting a functional product go elsewhere
leaked after one week...
I was super excited about this decal but It's been 2 months since I ordered this product and still no arrival. I've tried contacting the seller two times now with no luck. My tracking number says it's in transit but I'm assuming its been lost. If I ever receive my decal will change my rating when I receive my product.
i didn't receive my delivery?!
bad . do not buy . broken within a week
I bought this in July. I had our apartment manager install to replace the basic shower head that was there. By October the face of this showerhead started falling off, but it was easy enough to snap back on. It is now December and the showerhead came apart completely and is not functional
the tool you use to slide out the key cylinder doesnt fit over the end of my new schlage entry lock. This makes this kit worthless, without the proper tool springs parts fly everywhere
Packaging was a mess. Looked used. Product did not work. Burned and exposed wiring making it a fire hazards.
In any craft store...this glue comes with a cap so that when you snip the top to use it, you can then cover it so it doesn't dry out. I guess I will make the trip to Michael's next time!
Light quality was very low; suspect low CRI.
twice i was sent the wrong item. never got it right, so can't rate them
Shuts off and on while turned on.
Not sure how to rate this. We bought two. Only one ever worked. My husband got called out for fire season after it arrived and by time he was able to install and learned it didn't work, it was too late to return. So now we have it sitting it it's box, never used and useless.
I had purchased these lights for parts of my home that have no electrical outlets. Previously, I had purchased a 3-pack and I was very pleased with them, there were 2 light levels, an on-off switch and they worked and looked great. I made the mistake of purchasing more of these much later. The "new" ones are all dead, have blown out LED lamps and literally burned through batteries within 3 months of getting them. The originals are still working perfectly, I couldn't be happier with them. The "new" ones are a terrific disappointment. I will never waste my money on these again.
This is not an authentic Lutron wall plate. It seems perfectly functional but does not match the real product. This one came wrapped in cellophane while the real Lutron product comes carded on a blister pack and has the name Lutron embossed on the inner plate. Returned this one and picked up the real product on my last trip to Home Depot.
I ordered the product based on the description, but my project was not complete and I didn't take it out of the box until 2 months later (past the return time). The product doesn't work on horizontal windows at all. This is useless to me. I was not able to contact the seller past the return period.
This was an extremely disappointing purchase, I must say. It is wobbly and cannot be tightened. Once installed, it leaked to the point of running under the new tile and lifting it up. Tightening it was a terrible idea because the fitting sheared off and now it is an expensive piece of trash. DO NOT BUY THIS, IT'S COMPLETE CRAP.
I must correct my previous post. The shelf is glass. However, I am not sure it will bear much weight. Will comment on that when I receive one with an undamaged frame. Considering the way it was packaged. I am not surprised it was damaged.
Don't waste your money!! Worked for 2 weeks then started malfunctioning (door bell wouldn't stop ringing). No resolution or offer to replace.
It's not great. Super difficult to install as it was missing a few essential things . Looks cheap . Definitely unhappy with the item
After using the filter for 3 weeks it sprung a leak in the side where the silver top connects to the black base. It sprayed water all over the kitchen. When it happened, I thought, I'll just contact Brita/Amazon and let them know, and hopefully they will just send me a replacement. After searching for a way to contact Brita I had no luck. So, I'm resorting to the method that other people have, I'm posting a bad review and hope that someone will contact me.
This product was great when it was working but never got to use a new slide. It was a lot of fun while it lasted and I thought I was going to really have something I could swap out through the seasons. It was very disappointing to bring it back out a few weeks later and nothing. No power, no indicators and just outside of the return window. Will not buy this product again as it stands, complete waste of money. If I run into any success with the manufacturer or seller will update.
Product did not work out of the box. The wiring was loose and after fixing the loose wiring, product would work during the test but when installed in the ceiling, no response. Tried 3 times to make it work and finally had to go to local Home Depot and buy another fan which worked right away. Trying to return the product to Amazon.
No packing material included so the pump arrived broken
I have been installing custom trim and new doors in my house slowly over the years using the honey pine gloss Minwax, which until now I had purchased at a local store. Until the recent can (purchased online), the color has been consistent with some warm, very light orange-yellow tones. The most recent can seemed to have more black-yellow pigment, leaving the wood a very different color. Needless to say I just wasted hundreds of dollars in wood and a door because of this.
Slips around drain, does not stick to floor tile. The suction cups underneath do absolutely nothing to secure it to the floor. It just slides around all over the place and you can slide on it and fall. I tried it wet, tried it dry, nothing worked. I wrote to the seller and he was not helpful.
Part of the trim is falling off. Haven't even used it yet.
I got the first chance to try these at Austin City Limits festival and one of them went bad right away. I put them in my ears per the instructions but one of the earplugs sounds like a blown speaker, for lack of a better example. This may just be a problem with these kinds of earplugs because they use a small disk - like a speaker cone - to dampen the sound without distortion. I guess that just means it can be blown out like a speaker. Bit saddened since these cost 15x what a pair of foam earplugs do.
I expected a more thoughtful approach from Leviton. The LED's this uses are a daylight white, not a warm white. Daylight white tends to promote wakefulness whereas warm light promotes relaxation. Why would I want wakefulness from a night light?!
I ordered this and they sent 1 per box!! They are flimsy and porous as well. Don't order these!!!
None worked !!! Waste of money!!!!!
damaged/broken during shipping..returned for refund.
The product didn't work.
I would not buy this again. It's small, the batteries die too quick and it's not easy for kids to use. I bought this to be a night light in my sons room and it really doesn't work for that.
Who packs light bulbs in a box with no packing material or protection... Do not buy - lesson learned!
Nozzle never worked properly and now does not work at all.
Make sure that when you get them they work because I bought mine 2 months ago for Christmas and I got everything hung up just to find out one only works out of the whole set the seller needs to contact me because I would like either them to replace or send me my money back also before you send out your product you should make sure they all work and they don't fall apart when you open up the box I'm very disappointed if I don't hear back I'll never buy anything from you people again
This lamp was bought Aug 1st, delivered Aug 3rd, and last 3 weeks before burning out!
I installed this in October 2017. It worked perfectly for two months till temperatures were below freezing for a few days. Now it stays on all the time. Enclosure is dry so I guess I got a bad one.
First one I got had a smudged handwritten combination that did not work. I thought it was just a defective one, and asked for a replacement. They very kindly and quickly sent me a replacement free of charge, but the exact same thing happened on the second one too. A smudged handwritten combination that doesn't work. I've had a couple other people try decipher the combination and try to open it too and no luck. I can't recommend getting this product because it is unusable without a proper combination.
The unopened package indicating qty: 25 showed up with only 20 pieces instead of ordered 25. Does not work if you have 6 chairs.
Rip off! Seller will not answer email! Only housed an hour!
The package arrived open and empty. Need a refund.
Terrible product and cheaply made. Arrived damaged and seller does not offer exchange or return. DO NOT PURCHASE!! Waste of money
Sensors must be kept out of sun and rain and 3 foot off the ground. Will not work for my driveway because sensors need to face eat and west. Do not want to build little boxes for them. Indoor use only.
Squeals and locks up. Had them on and off five times.
I have not receive my order
the item was not working at all
Unfortunately I ignored the reviews mentioning breakages, but my sporadic use has revealed that these anchors are too brittle and break easily when screwing them into sheet rock that has been pre-drilled. It's too late to return them, so I'll pick up replacements in a local hardware store. Not recommended!
Cracked in less than a month. Obviously the few pennies they spent extra on the hardware was made up for in the cheap materials for the seat. What a joke!!!!
Today installed faucet and it does not work. No water through handle or sensors. Only one splash of water at startup and nothing more. Tried another new battery and restart procedure. Only Ready sensor LED blinks every 10 sec. The customer support told me that there is power supply issue, and they propose me the new battery enclosure. I told them twice that I have 10 volts at the end of power connector, but this information is not interesting to them. It is a pity that the faucet was delivered to Russia and I paid 80 dollars over for delivery, and it does not work.
Purchased this as refurbished. It was not clearly disclosed that it did not come with a battery. Considering that the battery is the same as the difference in price there is no reason to purchase from the refurbished supplier. The device is marked up pretty bad from who ever opened the case is the past. I now have it sitting in a bowl while I wait to get a battery to see if it even works.
I bought four torches. One of them worked as advertised if it was a very sunny day. The other three were like strobe lights, not flames. But since the wouldn't stay lit for more than an hour, I didn't have to be bothered by the flashing lights in my backyard. Customer service was very prompt in their reply to my email. They sent me three replacements--none of them worked for more than an hour--same strobe light effect. The torches look realistic but the solar panels are inferior and so are the electronics. I've seen solar torches that are realistic that actually burn for 4-6 hours. The positive reviews about this product are not believable.
Hi. I got my incomplete package, I bought 2 and only came 1
This tape is way too thin to work with.
For all the hinges that amazon goes way overboard on their packaging for, how are lightbulbs not in that category? These were shipped in a simple padded envelope and 2 of the 6 in each box that I purchased were broken upon reciept.
Impossible to program
Product says two outlets. Only received one. Not to mention Usps said directly handed to customer. I found later in our mailbox package un opened with only one outlet inside. Will never order again
Junk. It'll get someone hurt if not already. Dangerous wouldn't count on the thing with a AAA battery's voltage
Just constantly flashing cold and ice... won't cool, won't make ice... tries and then the warn button lights up and lets out terrible smell! Defective!
This item was never delivered to us. I've been trying to get ahold of someone to figure out where it went but have no idea how.
The warm white is not warm at all. The lights I received are more of a daylight white. They're very harsh compared the warm white I was expecting.
Half of the stickers got stuck very well but half of the stickers didnt stick at all .. Disappointed 😔
Be aware that this bulb will not work if install sideways, as in our pantry fixture. Neither bulb worked for us in that type of fixture. Could not get an answer from their customer service rep who was not in USA, or did not understand English sufficiently to understand my question.
I never receive the lamp
Thin cheap wheels. Did not last.
This ladder is falling apart and is not safe. The heads of the rivets that attach the legs to the top are falling off. The return window closed but I expect the seller to reimburse me. These ladders are faulty and could potentially cause a deadly accident. I'm glad I caught the defect in mine in time!!!
Stopped working after only 4 months. Would say good is open but deadbolt wouldn't release. Emergency key wouldn't work either. Called locksmith to replace.
Very fishy appt. Buy them about month and still can't get them to work
Does not connect to this fan.
Broke within 2 weeks.
Four of four defective. One stays on, the others won't turn on with any motion.
Wires poorly crimped into lamp so they fall out easily. Constant on mode does not work. These are junk. I have and electrician friend who installed them and he had to repair 6 connections to get them all to light.
I rarely leave negative reviews but this product is complete garbage. It is made from very cheap plastic materials that will not tighten around the water bottle and just click. The pump does not work at all. I'm done. Return
Awful product after 6 mos failed to open with both finger print and code access. Have to input it multiple times (10+ try's) for the door to open.
This light stopped working after just a few hours of use. It stays on for about five minutes and then goes off. Very disappointed that Amazon would sell such an inferior product. I went to the product's customer support website and received a message that this particular website was not valid.
I got my package and it only included the flip-down foot pedals. No wheels, no screws. Pretty disappointing for $60
The first time I unwrapped it to install in the window, it got stuck and broke. The mesh was also not attached to the frame which defeated the purpose of the item. Very poor quality.
there are other options for lighting a toilet area, such as a motion sensor light in the ceiling. Would rather use this.
At low flow, it doesn't work well. If you want an accurate reading, you need to increase water flow. Didn't work for my application, which was to water trees on a longer drip but know how many gallons each tree was receiving.
These are a very cheap reproduction of he original. Do not waste your money on them, go buy the original. They are not wide enough to stay up in the sink high enough to let the water drain.
Love the style. Fits perfectly, however cannot assemble due to the fact that there is no red bag with mounting hardware. ORDER INCOMPLETE. Please send mounting hardware.
Failed after 3 months of use
i ordered blue lock and they sent me red one, they had only 1 job, there is not even red color in selects, i dont know how did they do that ? anyway, i am not happy with that,
Amazon sent me a used product. The box was all beat up and could still see the shipping label from previous owner. Still tried to set it up and when I tried to enter in the code to set it up on app it read that the serial number was already registered.. WTH
This is good when it works... Good: Installation was quick and easy Packaging was nice and instructions were straight forward. Motion sensors work when set. You just need to adjust it and put it in an area where it would benefit you. BAD: I always have a hard time arming the alarm from the app. Constantly saying "no access to base station" even though this is in a good spot where the cellular connection is strong from any carrier. Only reliable during the trial period. Once they suck you into the monthly fee, the service becomes very unstable. I would not recommend this and am looking into something more reliable.
Item came cracked in box, want to exchange ut for one thats not cracked but no option to do that on Amazon. Not sure how to get this resolved. No option to contact seller coming up either. Frustrating...
Several bulbs arrived broken. No cushioning used in packaging. Why do non-fragile items get tons of packaging and light bulbs get none? I also spaced on the return window so now stuck with them.
It's not really silver chrome! Has a copper chrome finish to it that doesn't match anything.
These broke off easily. returning them
Bought three fans. All three will be returned. Louder then what was said to be DB. Probably because the fan housing leaked tons of air out the cracks and screw holes.
Plastic junk only works some of the time.
Item arrived with 1) parts missing 2) set screw "rattling around inside" 3) no instructions or documentation. The missing part is what is needed to secure the ends of the light to the ceiling. I assume that a hanger bolt would work and with no instructions or documentation, it is quite difficult to tell how they recommend mounting this thing. It does flex, so you must affix the mounts to the ceiling or it will sag. I contacted manufacturer about the missing parts and they asked me to take a picture of the missing parts, which I find to be both disturbing and humorous. I replied with further detail about the set screw inside one of the channels and lack of mounting hardware. It is now day 3 and I have not heard from them with the exception of an offer to have professional installation for $120. I don't need a pro installer. I need two, 3-inch hangar bolts with an M4 thread. Update: I was able to pop off the channel and retrieve the threaded set screw. I will go to a hardware store and purchase two 4M hangar bolts and hope for the best. One picture will show one side where the mount was attached correctly One picture shows where the set screw should go (it is inside the unit) One picture shows where the set screw should be and the mounting screw that needs the set screw
This used to be the go-to for homes. Spend more to get a better quality. Both do not work for various reasons. I'd return them but it's been too long. Never again.
There's no way to turn it on or off without making a loud noise. It's too sensitive even when you put it to 0
It turns out that I don't need it for my house light, so I'd like to return it.
These bulbs do not last an hour in use. Apparently NOT made for an 18V battery.
At first it seemed to work fine but after 20 minutes I noticed a big puddle of paint under the machine. Spilled on to the floor before i noticed it. Paint was everywhere. Wasted paint, time, and money. Very disappointed. Hard to believe this is Ryobi product. Not recommended.
The price lowered $40 one day later and Amazon won't refund the difference. Disappointed.
The product came in an open box and was broken. One of the fins was completly disconnected from the frame.
Part arrived on time and matched the Whirlpool original. However, it failed again after two loads. Slightly below expectations.
Leaks when it rains. Looks kind of bulky and round once installed. Metal finish scratches very easily (from keychain). Unfortunately, not a huge fan.
I went through all the suggested procedures to make the Bond work. They all failed. I contacted Bond customer service via email no response after three days. Last ditch effort to make the Bond work was with the help of Amazon who was able to connect to the Bond support team via a three way call. The Bond support rep stated "we are having problems with the Bond app holding the status of the fan/light after the app is closed". He suggest that I leave the app open. To me the Bond is useless if I cannot access the state of the fans/lights from a remote location.
Product was broken. Poor packaging.
Water resistant my butt! I put my passport in it, and it molded. Also after a year, it became practically impossible to open. Do NOT buy this
This order has not arrived- shipped by UPS and tracking indicated wrong address! What a joke, what a lie. I am having to re-consider Amazon's shipping carriers. Until recently in the last 2- 3 months am now having trouble with the carriers that Amazon has contracted with. I will return this item if it ever arrives. I have purchased this locally. E-commerce has a rude awaking due to shipping carriers not delivering. There is no way to contact Amazon about an order that has not been delivered.
Not easy to find the mid point for the moon to stay up in the air
I'm very disappointed. First, when I try to tear off a piece, it rips in the middle. Then, when I try to write in pen on the tape, there seems to be some kind of waxy finish, and I can't write. The Scotch 3M works so much better, in both ways.
Very cheap bends super easy. It was delivered in my mailbox & was bent on half.
Clearly states 6pcs being sold but only got 4 pcs in shipment. Contacted seller and will update once I hear back from them.
Don't buy this product thinking it has a life time warranty, our sprayer burst open after 3 weeks of using it, the comp ask for a video showing the break, I sent the video showing it spraying all over the bathroom & that was the last I ever here from them.
Installed in May of 2017, I noticed some flickering in some of the lights a few months ago and now 50% have stopped working. One of the remaining 3 have started flickering now. Will not buy brand again.
My fault for actually believing the reviews... I bought this to eliminate the sulfur smell in my water, and it did absolutely nothing! Not only does it smell like I am still bathing in rotten eggs, but the water tastes just as nasty, too. All this tells me is that it is not filtering a darn thing. On the up side, water pressure is fine. It's still getting one star, though.
Died within a few months of light use
I would like a refund.
Product missing and how do I get this resolved
This is no what I ordered!!!!! Amazon has been messing up all my ordered lately sending me something completely different then the picture!
The holder for the handle leaks. I used the handle from a previous install since it fits. Would not buy this again.
I accidentally ordered 3 bottles Only needed a small amount of the one opened NO RETURN POLICY which I did not see means I'm stuck with 2 extra bottles Grrrrrr
No Battery and nothing to know battery size. A piece of junk. 1st grade directions. Recommend not to buy it.
missing pin, overall third quality, would need shaving to fit. reordered better type, slightly more expensive meh
Wrong item box ship had right description once open item was wrong very disappointed
Less than satisfied. This product did not seal the leak in the rain gutter.
Save your money... $5 each really should be a Dollar Store item at $1 each. BOOOOO.
This product Will not connect to Bluetooth barely marked buttons very unhappy they spent this much money on it I would not pay for this ever again I would love to have my money back
One of the worst cameras I have ever "attempted" to use. We never got it to work. Terrible product. DONT BUY.
The hatch looked great, fit well and worked well initially. In the Arizona sun the plastic cover was completely rotted out in less than one year, not just cracked but in 40 pieces on the ground! No UV stabilizers in the cover. I had to purchase a metal hatch cover for $26 to replace it. Seller refused to replace it, 1 year warranty, I was 2 weeks outside that window when I emailed them. Run, don't walk from the product and the seller.
Dimmer went out after a couple weeks, seems to be common. At first the light would start to dim on its own, then you could reset the level by turning it off then back on. After another week of use it's been getting worse. At this point I'm more worried about a fire hazard from the dimmer switch, time for another try and willing to spend more.
Bad quality rubber. Water leaks through
Tries 2 different ones and both broke trying to put them on. Great idea, but it didn't work:(
Apparently this model is too restrictive and was causing water backup and my A/C was malfunctioning. I had to pay a repair man to come out and install a new pipe. Overall, this purchase cast me an additional $120.
I never received this item!
I've been using these for over 15 years. I just ordered more and they're completely different. None of the parts are interchangeable with the previous version. The quality got really cheap but the price didn't. They're charging the same price for a lower quality product. They're going back...
The lamp looks gorgeous in the pics. In person, it's not made with attention to detail at all...doesn't look as bright as the photos...great marketing, not that good in person. Can do better for that price at a local retailer. Decided to return the lamp.
Didn't last very long like maybe a week
Horrible packaging, torn up, they look used and they are not returning them.... Very disappointed.
part does not work right out of packaging
One light string did not charge up and work.
Range is not 1/4 of what is advertised returned
Worked for week. Then quit all together. When it did work it's range was 5 feet at best
Broke after 4 uses. Cheap. I got what I paid for.
I was so excited about these pulls but nearly all of them were rusty. I will be returning!
Don't waist your money. I installed these less than 1 year ago and the USB no longer works. Not a reliable product.
Returning because it's defective! My fridge made a loud grinding sound. I had to order from sears to see if the problem was this filter. Sure enough, the one from sears worked without the sound. I should add that I had purchased from here before and last time the filter worked perfectly.
Vey low quality product, the screws broke when fixing at the door. Really bad product, I should have imagined with the low price.. :(
This sticker looks great picture-wise, but even after getting it nicely on the wall - within hours it had bubbles all over and I've never had that happen before. Not happy about it- My son was so excited too.
Horrible product. Locking pin was so cheap it completely bent when trying to loosen nut rendering router useless.
This was a pain to set up, and it still isn't fully functional - I can't control it as much as I want.
I couldn't figure out how to set the timer waste of money
This is not the LG OEM but a counterfeit. In addition to that, the one I got was manufactured two years ago.
Went to install and found the internal threads completely stripped, so it wouldn't go on. Had to use the old part, which is fine, but not ideal. Fortunately Amazon will refund my money. Packaging was sealed, so it wasn't another return.
Worked for 1 year and sad to say it did not have many hours on it.
The first one worked a few days before the area the cord plugs in lost connection and the light stopped working. The free exchange stopped working in the same way after using it for one day. So bummed because it was beautiful and the light was really nice. Gotta go buy another brand now.
Was relatively happy with the bulbs and the company. Until a few weeks ago, I would have rated them a 4 star. Although, I've had issues with a few of the bulbs - flickering or going dead after a few months. Which I can understand and live with as long as I can easily get replacements. Customer Service was eager to help but they seem to have issues with receiving and responding to the information requested in email. I have sent 5 emails with the same information to them, which they each claim to have not received and ask me to resend. This is email - it is pretty reliable. I am not receiving any email send failures/errors so something is obviously broken with their process or system. I'd like to stay with Hyperikon for consistency of look and light as I've already invested hundreds of dollars in their bulbs but between the issues with the quality of the bulbs and the frustrating experience with customer service, I will need to look at an alternative - maybe the Sunlite, they get a 5 Star rating.
Like the ease of setup and low cost but durability of this Bell is very low. It's less than 9 months since I purchased it and it has stopped working. In the 9 months it did work the battery was a continuous issue in the outdoor button. Had to replace it every 3 months. Now have no choice but to look for a replacement.
Almost all of the screws broke. Out of about 15 attempts, only 3 did not. They almost always broke IN the picture frame and I couldn't get them out. The frame wasn't even solid wood, it was MDF! I had never had a screw break before. I think they are made out of aluminum foil. I ended up just throwing the whole thing away and buying a set at Home Depot.
Very bright. Comes on for no reason. Nothing moving!! Suppose to work for 10 hours, don't work for five. Useless for me. It gets dark at 6 pm. I get up at 3 am, and the power is gone from coming on all night. Returning.
Back of case separated after 6 months or so causing battery contact failure. Would not recommend..
They came folded in half and ruined 2 full lines of letters
Disappointed! Not bright at all! Read reviews and many people said it was a very bright light. I wanted to use it as an extra light for putting on my makeup. Even saw a couple reviews for that that said it was good for that use. Well it totally wasn't.
DO NOT PURCHASE! We put the drain into the sink glue and all properly installed by professional. However as soon as the water was connected the water started leaking from where the metal was welded together! When I called amazon for a refund they wanted to know why I didn't test it before instal!? What!? You have to install and put the water thru to make sure it works! Now the drain is glued in my sink and it's gonna cost a lot more than the cost of this drain to fix! Not happy! Buyer beware! Cheaply made!
Do not buy! The quality of the item is very poor, I should have listened to previous reviewers. 2 of these lights stopped working almost immediately. Today is exactly 5 months after these lights were bought and none of them works. I have different solar lights in the same location as these and they work fine, so the problem is not in the lack of the sun during the day.
My April 26th review was five stars,now it's one. After the weather got warmer the light attracts so many bugs I need to turn it off.
Couldn't locate package anywhere near any door or porch??? Can not find it!!!
I purchased this because of the ratings others have left on it. However, I had horrible luck with this product. I was using a previous brand of paste which adhered perfectly. Wallpaper stayed on, no peeling or anything. When I ran out of that brand, I began using this product. The next day, I went in to check the walls to make sure it was still okay, and all of the walls that I used this product on, the wallpaper was peeling off. So very, very frustrated. This wallpaper was not cheap and now I have to purchase more to fix what this product ruined. I am very frustrated and do not recommend this to anyone!!!
This item was not sealed when shipped and was delivered leaking!!!!!! Unacceptable!!!
This product is horrible!! The top doesn't screw on it just sits on the top and nothing holds the wick so it isn't able to be used safely, it's a huge fire hazard. I'm very disappointed. Also the tin piece that goes over the wick part doesn't even fit over it. I gave it 1 star because I had to give a star to submit my review
Posted as NEW. Should have known better for 8 Bucks Came used..
You cannot fit this pump to any known American standards for fittings. It's useless.
Charge is short lived and the remote sucks.
I was really excited about getting this water system because I put my Mountain House the water is pretty bad..but I filtered water through it at least four to five times and could not get the cloudiness out.. so I had to return for a refund.
After I used the product 2 times it broke and stopped working it only overheats now.
Didn't measure 10in like in the description and cheap foam for a gasket... not even made of rubber... ripoff
dim when new, after a few months dors not light at all.
THIS ITEM CANNOT BE RETURNED There are plenty of items that can be returned if they do not fit. This is NOT one of those. I'd purchase covers from a different seller.
At first it looked nice, but the bulbs burn out rather quickly and it has to be emptied of all rocks to change a light. Even at the reduced price I cannot recommend.
Didn't work, very disappointed granddaughter
Broke off after first use.
Mine broke after it leaked for a few months. Had it less than six months, used by two adults, no children in this house, and the handle came right off at the joints.
The product description/ model # do not match my microwave. False advertising. The filter is not long enough and doesnt fit no matter how you try. This product is for a different model# then is actually suggested.
Only one star because it keeps my items safe. My dislike is the factory code doesn't work and Manually can't set my own code. It takes more effort to send back and get a refund then to just keep it and open it with the key every single time which Defeats the purpose of a code safe. I don't know why they have a Manual because the safe will do whatever it wants. I have reset the code multiple times as the manual says and yet no luck. I am very Familiar with multiple safes and this one disappoints me to the fullest extent but I guess you get what you paid for. I don't recommend but only if your on a budget!
Delivered to the wrong address and who ever got it kept it..
won't be able to open it. Was not properly installed while the factory assembled it.
Covers came off while I was screwing them into the socket. Bought 4, one didn't work right out of the box and one other stopped flame effect after just a few hours.
I'm not sure why but this product does NOT work!!! They make it seem like its so easy to use and set up. I bought it based on the reviews but I think the reviews are not right! Will not connect. and in the app it does not even have the product as a option to connect to. Waste of money!
The brackets that holds the bar broke almost immediately, had to glue it back together.
OK, so I had high hopes for this; but two of them keep turning on during the day all by themselves. It's nerve racking as the lights are really bright. I wrote the company and have no heard from them, so back they go!
The product is well-built and should hold up very well but the shipping container was made of cardboard and was totally destroyed by the time I got it the shipping label was unreadable and I had to notify FedEx to recover it
We have to buy a new one of these every 3-6 months since they break that often. Every time we replace it we say we are getting a whole new setup next time... but then dont. The only saving grace it is so easy to install it only takes a few minutes (especially after you've done it so many times).
Does not work as advertised
I received my item in a timely manner but it looked nothing like the picture and it never turned on.
was alot smaller than expected, and broke with in a couple days.
Vacuum pipe was hard not flexible & arrived broken.
The image and the description of the item were exactly what I was looking for. Unfortunately, what I received - twice - was not what was pictured or described.
Used it once. Didnt use it for a month and turned it on and it wasn't at all what it was the first time. I was really disappointed. Don't get !
You need to be right on top of it before they turn on. The radar bulbs are far better.
Does not fit outdoor like faucet.. even though it popped up on a search for bib connectors
Only one bulb looks like warm white the rest look like bright white! Not happy with these at all
One part to this lock is missing and opened it after 30 days, I'm out of luck
The product worked great until I changed the battery. I have two of these and they both do not work now.
Recieved a expired water filter an the water taste like dirt. Waste of money. Dont order !
I got the two-pack of bulbs for my front porch and back porch. Mostly, I wanted the lights to go on and off automatically at sunrise and sunset. Setup was no problem and it would connect to the Smart Life app and Alexa. At least for a little while. Both bulbs would go "offline" regularly. I'd redo the steps and they would reconnect, but then go "offline" as soon as I restart the app. Now I just manually turn them on and off and they are just really expensive LED bulbs. Do yourself a favor and avoid.
The same product from other sellers has a 90 day warranty. Mine from Stamp It broke after their 30 day warranty was over. Now I have to buy another one. FROM SOMEONE ELSE.
I bought this in October of 2017 and it worked great up until now (March 2018) the faucet won't stay attached, keeps hanging out. Very disappointed.
Should have a better description. Sent me 2 14 ga wag switches when one of the questions asked was answered 12 ga Solid
Too too small for what I needed
They did not fit my wall sockets
The cords aren't long enough to install. They're about 1/8” to short to get it installed. Sad because it reads that it should work for my fridge but it doesn't and I like ice
The screw on the top is not the right length. So it won't work
Programmed easily and worked fine for 6 months before it stopped working. I've tried re-programming. I've changed the battery. It's just dead.
2 of the 3 pens did not work.
Does not work as straps slip when used on large items.
They never delivered unreliable
What a waste of money. I had someone try to install but it kept leaking. The parts are cheap. This is probably one of my worst purchases on amazon. Now I have to find another system. SMH
This LED light only lasted 6 weeks.
This is not a precise fit. Water leaked in refrigerator after using the water dispenser. Going back to GE brand. Hate to pay more but this simply doesn't work
Manual asks you to download multiple apps, which means every time they release and switch to a new app you have to download, register, and link alexa again. Which would be rough... but it never connected to my wifi the first time. You'd think Id know to stop buying cheap chinese junk on amazon by now...
Not sure what happened thought these were good bulbs but had 5 burn out in less than a week after putting them in.
So, I bought this product as it was recommended with the light strip I purchased. I thought "cool, I can wrap the lights without tangling the line in the corners. When I got the product, the connectors couldn't connect to the light strip and I struggled to try to to so. Also, the rgb didnt match up with my light strip so I'm left with two of my three sides of my bed not lit up. Terrible.
Very disappointed, I bought this faucet based on the description and the photo showing the water temperature can be controlled. The control box I recieved does NOT look like the picture and does NOT control the water temperature.
Couplings included are 6 inch to 3 inch. Ad description says 6 inch to 4 inch.
Lamp is poorly made. Hinge to adjust upper arm WILL NOT hold. I have the desktop size of this lamp and material size and sturdiness appear to have changed-are thinner and less robust. But the Adjustment issue is just ridiculous.
Not a fan of this. In a couple of days, the water flow reduced to a mere trickle. Not worth the money you pay for it. Rather get one of the containers that filter water instead of this. The same thing from a competing brand lasted much longer than this.
it fell down after 3 days. adhesive not strong enough
Works for a coupe of months. Then the motion sensor gets stuck on high
This product is not worth the money or the claims to fix it. I have a bone china teacup with a broken handle. After three attempts it never stuck. I gave up.
The product was fine. It didn't quite fit our door but we made it work. The worst thing about it was the price. I found out after I got it that I could have saved $20 at Lowes!!!
This item was returned last November. Don't know why I haven't received my refund yet!!! Won't buy from this merchant again.
These stopped working after 1 week total junk and worthless
We bought these a year ago. We loved how they looked and how simple they were to use. Fast forward a year and they are falling apart. The plastic is literally crumbling when you walk on it and they are breaking into pieces. Waste of money, I would NOT buy these again.
Piece of junk. Don't buy this product. This product will work for 1-2 months. Poor customer service. Amazon reps doesn't know how to troubleshoot this product.
Not enough will have to order 10x to make the flowers worth it. So spend a fortune
The first time I opened the can I cut my finger because the edge was not smoothed properly ! It is pretty deep since it is from a metal can
DID NOT WORK. Connection was broken when i opened them and the remote did not work at all
Magnet weak. Modest pressure blew the cover off or created significant leak. Wouldn't stay well on vertical vent; wouldn't even stay on ceiling for a second. I would spend a couple bucks more and get stronger magnets. These are throw seats.
I ordered a roll That should have had 13 feet on it . I received a roll That has 3 feet on it shorted 10 foot of product. I would like to have this shipped asap
There is no possibility to adjust the pipe leading to the shower head. Unless it fits perfectly on the instillation the product leaks at the source. It needs an adjustable nut to secure the pipe to the water source pipe. Will be sending back.
Was really hard to install and somehow the plastic part got stripped so I am no longer able to use the filter.
IT WAS PRETTY, BUT COULDN'T INSTALL IT! NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT, WOULDNT REACH INTO LIGHT SOCKET
Bought a six pack and only need 3 of them. At 3 months one bulb started to flicker and in less than a year the other two have done the same. Switched them out with the spare bulbs and now all six have failed and flickered. I don't recommend buy this brand.
This product arrived extremely damaged and I will be sending it back to Amazon for a refund. I had read some reviews prior to purchasing about others receiving there safe with some dents and dings, however mine was delivered crushed on the right side and rear. I would recommend to take the safe out of the box for inspection before carrying it upstairs 😊 live and learn
I ordered this and didn't receive all the items needed to install.
Broke within 2 months. The remote button won't stop ringing without popping out the battery.
I purchased this in April 2017. I immediately noticed that the temperature it displayed was incorrect. I called Honeywell and was told it took a little while for the unit to obtain the correct temperature. Over the last few months, this has been a continuous problem and I have called three more times. My latest call was today, and I was told that a variance of two or more degrees was completely normal. So, that means that I have set at 76 and it is really 78 (as it is now), then I have to manually change the temperature. What is the point of having a programmable thermostat which requires constant manual intervention? They refused to replace it under warranty. I have another of these thermostats in another home and it works fine. If you read the reviews, this appears to be a consistent problem. I would avoid this thermostat and look at one which is more accurate.
they burnt out in 2 days..
Orederd along time ago.never received the item.
I've had this LED strip for about nine months, and it I thought it was great. It lit up the back of my son's bed until a few days ago, when it suddenly stopped working. I am unsure of what caused this. My son and I have tried replacing the battery in the remote, but it seems that the issue is with the light strip itself. Very disappointed that this product did not last longer- it was great until now.
I didn't receive it yet
Before I was even able to install the lights, I hooked them to a power strip and switched them on to test if the lights worked properly. They have three main settings: red, blue, and green. The blue didn't work at all, causing the pinks and purples to also malfunction and either be completely red, or turn the lights totally off. After reading numerous reviews I realized I wasn't the only one with this issue and decided on a return.
Not sturdy, doesn't hold what they say. That's it
I never received it. Expected arrival Feb 6th. Today is Feb 20th. Emailed seller received no response.
Some of the wire hoke is broken
I had 1 of the 3 bulbs that did not light and they would only offer used bulbs for replacement. Get what you pay for...
Bulbs were broken into million pieces upon arrival
Inferior screws. Even after drilling pilot holes, several screw heads broke after minimal tightening. If you order these clips do yourself a favor and run to the hardware store and pick up some good quality screws. May prevent a few cuss words.
Does not work don't waste your money
These are the poorest quality filters I have ever seen. I have an entire box that is unusable because when you touch them the fall apart. Do not purchase!
Neither one of them worked.
Could not get the lights to work. Used a different brand and they setup and worked great.
Worked for about a month and now it doesn't work correctly
Only lasted six months.
Never received product and i can not figure out how to contact amazon or the seller about this matter
Threads too deep. Engages on tank, but gasket didn't seat. Leaks badly
Ok bulbs but packaging 10 of these could use some work
Product arrived missing command strip making the soap dish useless. Will be returning due to this issue
There is something wrong with 1/4 bulbs. Also, these are very dim for a 60w light. Nothing like expected. Other Edison bulbs I own work and light perfectly. Don't buy these unless you want a dim Edison bulb and possibly defective bulbs. I will return these.
Terrible product without any doubt! Doesn't work correctly with a simple wall at all. The paint doesn't come out correctly. The instructions say that aprox. 3 to 5 min but actually it doesn't come out at all correctly in a big while, like an hour or more. Please dont buy it, its better to use the old fashioned way. You'll save some bucks.
This is supposed to clean drains but only goes into drain about two thirds of the length of the item. As it does not go far down the drain it is of absolutely no value and is not eligible for return. Avoid this item and especially this seller as you can't even send back the useless product.
The app you have to download is complete garbage and it won't let me register my product, even though I am following the directions exactly as listed . I will be returning these and getting wemo.
Every one of these filters are bad. I don't know if they are old or just expired. But every one of them I've put into my put filter comes up with the red light saying it's bad.
Only 2 of the 4 bulbs worked. Very disappointed with these light bulbs.
Half the size of the size of advertised dimensions
Horrible- first off, it took several weeks to receive this item and then the switch was defective and it does not even work. Piece of junk.
no suction capability.. Lost adhesive quality after 2 mo
I use these to control a CO2 dispenser and LED lights for a fish tank, so when they fail to turn on/off according to their programmed schedule, I know about it (because stuff dies). I wish I would have purchased something a little-more expensive. These things periodically get into a state in which they fail to follow their schedule, at which point I'm required to re-register them (via the iOS application) to get them working. Overall, a huge pain. Would not recommend.
The product bled into the wood. Even with a stencil the lines drawn were completely undefined.
These are 7/8 at best, the photo showing one inch with a ghost pex pipe assumes you can tell they are talking about the pex OD...I needed 1 inch ID...glad I bought so many and wasted my money...
Nozzle broke in under 3 months. Emailed customer service and they shipped a replacement that promptly broke a week later. Emailed customer service again and I'm still waiting on a reply. Avoid this product like the plague.
Don't waste your money. Thin plastic at best and a couple pieces had holes in them. Not worth returning and certainly not worth the price.
I never received the item and they don't refund me.
These arrived in a cardboard box with a little crumpled paper to keep them from moving around. It is a wonder that only one arrived damaged beyond useable. Cardboard box does not protect sheet metal.
This rack is 2 separate pieces, which doesn't make sense and doesn't work as the 2 racks will become separated and food gets stuck in between them. How is it possible that Kohler sells a sink without a single rack that fits it? And since we ordered it at the beginning of our remodel process through Amazon, we cannot return it and Kohler won't help. Very frustrating as we like Kohler as a company and brand.
It looks like used, no seal and the pacakge is broken... I saw the reviews but I thought amazon as a seller will not let that happen...guess i was mistaken need to check if it is used or not.
The battery does not last! I think that if you have them in the ‘on' position it constantly drains the battery. I have these up high in a large candle display. I'm not going to turn all of these to the ‘off' position when not in use. This is the reason I ordered them since they came with a remote.
Mini head broke on shipment. Returned next day. Company refunded my money. I can't put a good review if I never got to use it.
Ordered the pack of 5 and received 1. I've put it in my watch and is working but it's only been 20 minutes. There is no way for me to contact the seller about only receiving 1 so I guess I'm stuck and learned my lesson.
As reported by others, they drain too slowly, then leave 1/4 to 1/2 of the water in the reservoir, so when you go to pour, water spills out. Back to genuine Brita.
lamp worked for about two hours, then died--returned item
LOVED it when I got it. 2 months later after minimal use the extension hose stopped working. What a BUMMER!
Batteries ordered May 19, 2019 and have yet to arrive (now August 8, 2019). Under "Your Orders" on Amazon the following message appears - On the way, but it's running late. "Late" is hardly the word for it - the "Slow Boat" must have sunk.
Ordered this on the 9th and it is now the 16th says, and i quote "should be delivered like its suppose to be." Dont waste your money on this, plenty of better sites to use.
I followed the package directions without dishes. Did nothing to scaling on the inside. White vinegar does a better job.
Just received these today. I have a purple learn button garage door opener. Went out, got the ladder, pushed the learn button... looked good... pushed the remote button... light flashed, so I thought, "GREAT!" The door does not respond. Zip. Nada. Nothing.
DO NOT BUY! I bought it and could not get it to work properly. Attempted to return within 1 day of receiving it and find this is a non-return/non-refundable item. NON-Refundable items should very clearly marked!!!!!!!!!!
Listing says 3. I received one. Paid $56 for one pan. When other sites you can buy one pan for $15. It doesn't fit the saw. It's cheap and not the original pan. Had to keep pan because we were in a bind and needed it. Not happy with this purchase.
Disintegrated within 2 weeks
In reading numerous reviews, I noticed a trend.. ..the filter change advisor reading did not work , instead it keeps telling you how many days delinquent you are in changing the filter. Why even go to the trouble of putting the old chip on the New filter? I agree that GE is sticking it to us, but why buy a fridge with this feature if you don't use it
Most didn't work after one day. Seems to drain batterys. Even replaced batteries on one set worked the first time,dead next timed period.
after a few days of use they stopped working
It did not support the mailbox at all! You really should take it off your product line, I wasted my money.
The lights I got barely worked. They were really inconsistent on turning on with motion and didn't turn off on their own. They stopped working entirely after about 2 months.
Went to use the caulk only to find that half of the tub was dried out a hard as a rock. Waste of money.
Switch failed in 4 months. OFF/ON switch broke causing an electrical short with potential for fore.
arrived broken and bent
I should have listened to the other reviews. My package came with product leaked everywhere but the outside of the box. Refund/return was easy and prompt.
To replace my Maytag lint Filter Screen.... Poor quality. One use and the screen is torn on the side.
I regret to say that my family (of 4) got about 1 month's supply of clean water using this filter. It should last 6 according to the manufacturer.
do not like the lights, instructions poor and go on and off all the time when sitting at my desk.
Lasted just over one year. I would give 0 stars if I could.
These gloves do not resist cuts! Just sliced my thumb right through the glove!
These lights kept coming off the wall. We did as instructed when we hung them and they never stayed. Wouldn't buy again. They also ripped the paint off.
One didn't work so sending both back
Made sure the unit is charged by exposing it in the sun for a long period then turned it on but it only stayed lit for a few minutes.
3 of 6 burned out the first week. I recommend purchasing a different brand.
Too small the stand,too heavy to put on the wall
Just installed this pile of junk. The hot side was labeled with a tag...great idea except it was on the wrong supply. Hot is left...cold is right...right? Wrong! When I switched the supplies the water pressure went down to a trickle.... I'm returning this and buying a faucet from a REAL manufacturer. Do yourself a favor and do the same.....
I was told any Moen faucet could be used to replace another Moen faucet so I spent $300+ dollars and this one won't fit...and because of difficulty scheduling the plumber I am SEVEN days past 30 days so I can't return it. I am really frustrated with Moen and Amazon. I will never order a big ticket item from Amazon again!
Brake on me on the highway
I received these today and NONE of them work. Complete waste of money
Incorrect size received. 3/8-inch OD ordered, ¼ inch received. Package says 3/8-inch OD. Useless. How can I get the right size without spending $ and time to return it?
mine came in a flimsy box that fell apart immediately- unbeknownst to me it requires assembly and it is missing a lot of the necessary hardware to assemble it - also rather bulky. so hopefully amazon can give me my money back
I only Received one roll when it sed two rolls in the pack
I used this product twice. The first time I retracted screen in the off chance it would collapse and did not want to damage the screen. The second use I was extremely busy and forgot to lower the screen. I was gone for 1 hour, came back to the entire screen and frame collapsed. It tore the screen and came completely off the roller.
I purchased this item and anxiously awaited it's arrival. I was so disappointed to find that it did not work. I did request a replacement right away and while the seller sent it promptly, it did not arrive in time for my event so I returned the replacement as well and bought a Primo from my local Walmart which is much more sturdy.
These bulbs are at best half as bright as they are represented to be. The color rendition is awful. Amazon should be embarrassed to sell this trash! Back they go! And now they have phony reviews here, reviewing something else, reviewing what seem to be LED replacements for fluorescent tube lights! This crook doesn't miss a trick!!!
Piece of crap. Don't waste your money. Broke in a month
These are inexpensive and worked well for about a month and then all stopped working.
Installed the light, and it didn't work. Threw it away, so nothing to return. That's bad on me.
I feel they were a waste of money
I worked like a dream the first month. A little bit dodgy the second and now blinks and sometimes won't even trigger. Not impressed.
The product never worked and now the return date has passed . This product never worked at all ! Need to return but it says it is too late
The light is hard to turn on and off. I am sorry I bought it.
Need to return one , doesn't work. No one has answered me and there is no return button
Battery goes low within 1 month, then it won't accept the code without multiple attempts.
They died quickly, don't hold a charge well, are not bright at
I love these lights but one stopped working and it's only been a month! Just another overpriced solar light that doesn't hold up!
Item was never delivered. Although the tracking info says it was... This is the third time in 3 weeks this happened.
Foolishly, this is my second purchase of this item. Now I am having to replace it less than a year later. It's not worth the savings if you have to tear apart your dryer every 8 months to replace this piece of junk. I should know by now that cheap equals cheap. Lesson learned. Also,is it really worth your kid coming downstairs thinking that their uniform for school is dry and all the issues that causes because you were too cheap to spend an extra 15 bucks on a dryer element?
I ordered these items to replace my Samsung gas stove knobs that had started to crack after about 7 years of use. The knobs I received had marks that look like finger print smudges on them but it is a discoloration on the metal and no amount of cleaning will get it off. There is also a round rough, dark spot on the center of each of the handle portion that probably happens during manufacturing but it is not on the originals and makes them look dirty. Two of the five that I received had chips in the metal that looked like it had been dropped hard. All in all I would say save your money. These were not useful as a replacement for my broken ones and have been returned.
Mostly made of plastic, the double E26 sockets only have small, loose, contacts that need to be bent and adjusted in just the right way to make contact with the two bulbs. However, note that the base is more robust and sits well in the host socket. The problems is that the connection to the two bulbs is unreliable and can break connection at anytime, based on temperature (or slight motion). This cause you to have to re-open the fixture and adjust the bulbs over and over again. Re-tightening the bulbs, repeatedly, then causes the plastic sockets to begin to spit open, due to the increased tention needed to make electrical contact with the bulb's bases. I guess for $10 that's all you get, two semi-functional units, but, hey, they look nice!
I was eagerly awaiting arrival of this product to help me diagnose a potentially high pressure water situation. Unfortunately, the red marker needle was assembled such that the black pressure needle will not push the red needle. It is thus useless for recording the high pressure. See my pic of the pressure gauge hooked up to a hose bibb...the red marker needle is still at zero. Says assembled in China.
did not work at all lol
I was able to install this pretty easy as a replacement for an existing exterior door. I've had the lock for about a month and a half and when someone was leaving this evening the knob came off in their hands. The combination that you program in isn't sequential in any way either. Meaning that anyone can push the numbers in any order to open the door. I'm very dissatisfied with this product and regret my decision to purchase it.
This is not plug and play. It flashes. Would return but Amazon won't let me.
Not even close to correct measurements.
poor quality just un sturdy pressed wood
Ugh! What a disappointment! It looks great but is so flimsy! The unit is super light weight compared to normal powered strips. The outlets didn't fit my 3 prong power cords. I boxed it up immediately and returned to Amazon where I quickly received my refund.
poor quality. Leaks and sprays water all over my kitchen.
I got two sets of medium strips. They are both defective. The adhesive comes off with the paper backing. They are useless.
Bought six of these and half didn't work. One was dead on arrival. The other two failed in the first week, which in my opinion is worst that knowing it's junk from the beginning. VERY POOR QUALITY CONTROL.
solar light never charged after 3 weeks in the sun
does not work at all even with new batteries, in the garbage it went.
Arrived broken. This item is no longer carried by Amazon. There is no support for this product from the manufacture or the ability to obtain parts. Total piece of garbage
Horrible buy, and after reading other reviews I know it's not just mine being defective. I haven't even had it a month and it has stopped working. Only the white and blue light work now, the other colors quit working. And the white and blue lights don't even stay on, they come and go. Very disappointed in it. It started out being absolutely amazing. My 3 month old loved watching all the colors. Unfortunately there aren't the colors anymore.
Packed in a plastic bag, rather than a box, so of course one was broken. Took four tries to find one that actually worked. That's 4 out of 12 duds and safe to assume the remaining 8 will have at least a third not working.
Was only able to program 1 out 3 of our garage door openers. Although all of our dr opener models were listed as being compatible we were unable to make it work on all 3! Our frustration led to us having a leading garage door professional do a service call but with no success! In conclusion, we were told to be happy that we got it work with one opener!
the first time you use them, you will think they are fantastic. However, that is it. I had to return these because the battery life was so horrible. I even used lithium batteries to make sure I had a high quality battery that would last a while and they were all dead within days.
I like the idea of this product, but right out of the box the vacuum at the end had trouble functioning properly. I've only used it once and now its a worthless piece of equipment that seldom gets used due to the fact the vacuum at the end doesn't work. The Bluetooth controller didn't work well sending a signal to the end of the vacuum device. More then 3 feet away and it doesn't operate. I wish I could send it back. I definitely won't buy another one.
These pads do protect the floors but they do not adhere well to the actual furniture. They have come off every single item I have put them on including the bottom of the legs of my couch, which doesn't even get moved around, it's just bumped by the kids once in a while! I can't relate to any of the positive reviews - seems like a good deal but definitely wasn't a good purchase.
I was disappointed with the life of this unit, lasting only a year. It was nice while it worked. Had it installed outside under an overhang to shield it a bit from rain. Yes it did get some rain but only rarely.
This item was great at first, unfortunately it broke after one night of using it. I bought it because it had almost 4 stars and decided to ignore the negative reviews that said it was cheap quality and the lights would stop working. Unfortunately the negative reviews ended up being true. The nightlight worked great the first night but after that the only color that would work was the white. I ended up returning it within two days of receiving it.
Used them for less than an hour and the lights started to make a strange bubbling sound...didn't sound right so I checked the battery box and something was melting in there--it was hot and there was some weird melted plastic within the battery box. Wasn't my batteries because they have been used before. Doesn't seem safe so I'll be returning.
I bought this because of good reviews in Amazon. As some other people mentioned, it is very difficult to 'snap' the cover on the hinges. I tried about 30 minutes, and it was unsuccessful. I am afraid to break the the cover or hinges. The instruction says: just snap the cover on the hinges. How? Very poor instruction, and very poor design. I can come up with better way to attach the cover to the base. It may be easy for professional who have done the installation many times. It is a very poor design. The material (plastics) seems cheap for the price, and it does not look very sturdy. Shop for something better. I did not like it.
light are in bright sun all day and dont even stay lite 2 hours
When I unpacked this lamp and began to assemble it, I was disappointed to find that one of the joints was not properly glued/attached to the base. I've included a picture
This company is posting the Model 18W, but shipping the Model 19, which is not as sturdy. However, they are charging for the price of the model 18, so you are paying about $30 more than what the model 19 is worth. We did not notice the switch until the plumbers had already installed the utility sink. Now it would cost way more to have this unit removed and the correct unit installed. Buyer beware.
Pure garbage! Wasn't able to put together due to one of the poles not being threaded.
The base of the lamp is very light, and is constantly trying to tip over. Also, my lamp arrived and did not work...I tried several working bulbs, and several workout outlets. If there had only been one issue with this lamp, i would be able to overlook it...but the fact that the lamp can barely stay upright on the desk, it stupid. I am returning and will not purchase from this manufacturer again.
It came broken and it doesn't work. It looks like a blue blob.
It broke in the drain and got stuck while I was using it. They are too thin and break easily.
Arrived damaged. Seller had outstanding service! I would certainly buy from them again. Did not like the ladder and I would question weight capacity as no certification on ladder indicating that.
The strings are very delicate one of them broke off the solar pad. Top it off it didn't work at all
Used twice and now it will not turn on.
Colors not very bright.
Never did receive this item. Will contact you.
barley fit door handles,and we have a reg.size fridge,freezer door!but they r really cute!the heads dont stay up though
Complete trash. The connection points were stripped so the lamp parts do not connect.
Second order still no light bulb. Where do you find a light bulb to fit. None of the lighting stores around me carry anything that will fit. I've taken the lamp with me to have them try them.
had to return this. Installed per instructions and still didnt work. Called NEST customer service and had me switch wires around over 10 times..It got annoying because my circuit breaker is down stairs. I lost about 5 pounds that day..Customer service finally told me that maybe I installed unit incorrectly and that I needed to pay more money to get a NEST PRO out there. I said NAh im good and i told them I will just install my old thermostat.. He said it wouldnt work. I hung up on him and installed my old thermostat. Worked perfect. Wish he would have just listen and sent a new unit.
I wanted to love this shower head. But it's just horrible. It's hard to slide the button upwards to turn off the water flow, and nearly impossible to slide the button back down to resume full water flow (I always have to ram the handle against my shower stall's built in shelf to get the button to slide, it's THAT BAD). Not worth the money, sincerely wish I'd returned it within the return window.
Poorly engineered, metal is thin like soda can! Easily bent & damaged.
Great glow and traction. The absolute worst adhesion ever. Adhesive only sticks to itself even when using a rubber wheel with 170LBS of force to press adhesive for better sticking the tape falls off instantly with zero bonding.
Waited WEEKS for delivery -- and it doesn't work.
We had the lamp plugged in for less than 5 minutes when the light bulb burned out. Put in replacement bulb and it burned out, too. Tried to return item but ordered 5+ weeks ago for daughters bday. Save your money and buy different lava lamp.
Replaced a normal overhead light switch with this product. It repeatedly kept failing every few days. I never could get Alexa to recognize it (I have many other switches from other companies with no problems). Sometimes it would stop working all together. Other times, it would not dim or brighten. I could get it to work (but not with Alexa) if I reset the switch, but then it would fail again in a few days. I didn't realize I only had a month window to return it, and when I finally got tired of resetting it, the window was closed. My bad. Won't be using this company again!
Showed up looking like it fell off the truck...
Have a gas garage heater and was looking for something basic to replace my old thermostat that quit working. This thing takes forever to accurately read the current temperature, at least 30 minutes for it to be right. In the pic attached I had set the thermostat to 70, and after awhile the garage got to be nearly 80 degrees and the thermostat still read about 50. I went and got my fireplace thermostat and brought it out to the garage for comparison - after 15 minutes the fireplace thermostat read 70 (correct temp), but this thermostat still said 56. This is a complete piece of junk... And most likely a fire hazard if this thing was allowed to continue to run. Extremely disappointed.
Purchased in JUNE 2018 and already has a leak. Lasted 5 mos.
I only got a 6 pack and not the 12 pack I ordered and paid for..The six are fine, but 12 would have been better!!
I just wrote the review and magically lost the text when snapping a photo as evidence. 1 Star for Amazon app there. Not bothering again. Short: 2nd time buying, junk, save your money, will bust within a few weeks. The products and vendor are trash, avoid at all cost!
The screws are made of some kind of cheap non magnetic alloy and break easily. The metal plate is too small for the magnets and since the screws are non magnetic they actually get in the way of the metal place and the magnetic attraction is too weak to hold the door. You'll either need to use your own screws or buy separate metal plates that are larger. I think it's ridiculous when we buy something that we can't get a quality product - regardless of how much it costs. Someone needs to hold these companies accountable for scamming people.
Never received my order! ZERO STARS!!
I bought this system and it seemed to work properly but since last week the device shows the ring as solid red and it doesnt connect or work anymore.
This is a piece of junk. It won't even connect to the network, it just keeps telling me to reset the device but the reset button doesn't do anything. I wish I would've opened this right away so i could get a refund, but I didn't get around to tinkering with it and I'm sure it's too late to return. At least it came with a nice usb cable, I guess. At least I'll get some use out of something that came in the box
The best product ever for a stove
I ordered and received 2 each. I returned 2 each. I would like credit for 2 each please. Neither one worked as advertised or described.
OK, I got duped. Tried it several times and no, it does not clean as advertised. After scraping wet roller to remove access paint it requires on average five full buckets of water, (five gallon buckets) before clean. This is a waste of time and good water too. You can get much better results with a garden hose and an empty bucket outside by simple spraying the water onto the roller while still on the roller handle held inside bucket laying on its side on the grass.
I installed one of these with new batteries in the spot where I needed light. It was very easy to install, and gave me great light for a couple of minutes (which is all I needed). I turned it off right away. I used it again for brief spells for the next two days. By then the light had noticeably dimmed. So tried leaving it off for two days. At that point it didn't go on at all. My conclusion is that it drains the batteries even when not turned on. I returned them for a refund.
PLEASE REFUND MY MONEY. I DID NOT RECEIVE THIS PACKAGE!!!!!
Stopped working, after 2 months. Light no longer comes on, on the unit itself. States no wifi to connect in app.
I really liked it , but unfortunately it has died after just 3 months. And wouldn't you know product support ran out last week.
Very disappointed in the output of the light - attempted to save some money by purchasing through Amazon - not pleased should have spent the money on the one previously purchased through local big box
Revised review....The so-called "brushed nickel" buckles or clasps that hold this seat down are not actually nickel!!! They are flimsy, cheap plastic and do not last! Within a few months of purchasing this seat, the plastic retaining buckle broke and the seat now slides around on the commode. WHY COULDN'T THIS PART BE MADE OF SOME SORT OF METAL, EVEN POT METAL WOULD BE BETTER THAN CHEAP PLASTIC. BUYER BEWARE, THIS WILL HAPPEN TO ALL THESE SEATS.
Not all parts come with this package. We were Installing the fixtures and realized we needed more Moen products to complete the install underneath these fixtures. We did not know that and ended up having to buy more parts for it. You have to also use Moen products for it which cost just as much or more than the fixture kits themselves. Big hassle of returning and ordering and more money spent over all.
Bulbs flicker constantly
Got these to lock the gates on my fence. They worked well for about 24 hours and then the combination stopped working on one of the locks. We tried everything and could not get it open. We ended up having to get bolt cutters to open our gate. Do not recommend if you ever want to open your gate after locking.
Well, they don't work 🤨
Purchased this item shortly after moving into a new home. Took a few weeks to get to a point where I could install. When I opened the package, I found the item to be damaged. The internal pins are bent. I can lock/unlock the door with a key but the keyless portion - which is the WHOLE POINT OF THIS PRODUCT - is unusable. Shame on me I guess for opening the package outside the Amazon return window as now it appears I have zero recourse to replace. Spent $73 on a pile of junk and I am NOT happy.
Seller shipped item in an envelope rather than a box so item arrived bent and scratched. Returning the items. According to another buyer's review, this happened to them too. I guess seller hasn't learned how to safely ship fragile items so don't buy from seller unless you want damaged merchandise 😖
Purchased two Gotcha fixtures. Installed one according to instructions. Lights come on so installation was done right. Sensor does not work properly. Knobs that control sensitivity of the sensor and the length of time lights stay on do not work. Complete waste of money.
I sent it back because the lamp shade is fixed at the top and pretty much uses gravity to extend the shade to the bottom. The problem is the paper shade is so light weight that the shade pulls up and rests against the light receptacle. The angle of the shade as it bows outward does not give enough room to clear the bulb so the PAPER shade sits on the light bulb which even the energy efficient bulbs get HOT thus making this a real fire hazard. Would look nice but poor design due to lack of ability to fix the bottom of the shade in place where it belongs which would probably take care of the shade touching the bulb.
Broken right out of the box. These are junk.
If you buy this from a seller other than Amazon, you might not receive a genuine part. If the ice mold is white, it is an aftermarket part. The genuine part is a greenish brown color.
pressure dropped after change now i can't use filtered water at all, everything worked before I change fillers.
Leaks. Bought a different washer and still leaks
Fit fine, but broke 3 days after the return window.
Arrived with finish defects
Do not buy anything from this seller, I returned this product after it didn't arrived on time and the seller refused to reimburse my account.
After reading the many positive reviews and seeing the Amazon Choice badge i was ready to receive a competitive priced, well functioning product. Unfortunately this item did live up to the reviews. The issue for me was that the phone app, set up process, instructions were all very confusing. After trying for about 2 hours to set up the device I gave up. I was unable to get the device to connect to my wi-fi network. I will say that I am a pretty tech savvy individual and have many electronics and smart things around my home, so I didn't give up with out trying multiple different options and reading a handful of suggestions online. I even fooled with my routers settings, and wi-fi network. I do have a Apple Airport Extreme Router, so I am not sure if that is where the problems stemmed from. If that is the case though, then this product should note that it is not compatible with certain types of routers.
I was so excited about this purchase and it lived up to what I wanted for a few months until it fell apart. The different parts of the shower head basically split apart and then water started leaking out of it and an unbearable high pitched squeeking noise came with it! I live in an old building and this seemed like the perfect solution for harsh water. Hoping I can get a new head (not sure if mine was just faulty) or at the very least a refund. So disappointed!
I'd love this lamp if the switch worked, but it is very intermittent and I have to wiggle either the rocker switch or the color selection push button in order to get it to light at all in dim mode, and sometimes even in bright mode. I'm returning this one, and may try ordering it again to hopefully get a working unit.
It did not work, so i returned it. I did not rate it because it did not work. We waste time.
The connectors did not work. I clamped down the LED side and they never made contact with the contact points. Make sure to triple check the directions. I made attempts with the sticky tape cover on and off. I tried with the waterproof covering on and cut off. The Wired side did not fully cut through the coating and make contact with the wire. Tested the connections with a meter. It took less time to clean off the coating and soldering the wires individually and shrink wrapping the ends. This is not the first time that I have tried these type of solder-less connectors. I have not had luck with any. cheap or expensive.
This was the wrong color. sent gray. Instead of white
The hinge is made of cheap plastic, it corroded amd is falling apart after only a few months.
Do not order from this company. Got this today. It was just sloppy, thrown a bag. It's missing the handle and door compartment on top. Now I have to take the time to go ship it back and currently have no utensil compartment.
This product sucks. It goes on and off by itself. Not a Good product cannot use.
ALL BULBS WERE DEAD! TRIED ON MULTIPLE LAMPS
I did not receive this item, it showes delivered, and near or around my front porch. Unable to locate the item.
The opening was so tiny it wouldn't work with any sinks in the entire house. Very disappointing but too much trouble to return.
I received these today. The first one had the base busted out of it along with the light bulb. The second one, the dimmer switch is broke. Very upset
The lights won't turn completely off. When I press the off button there is still a very small amount of light come from the the bulbs. So these will stay powered 24/7. Obviously a major problem. Otherwise it works as expected. Ordering a replacement.
I bent one with my hands! Super small and cheap.
Do NOT buy this product. It is cheap plastic and did not come with attachment screws. NOT worth the money!
I only got one, not 2
Just received item today. As you can see, there was a hole in the tarp which was in plastic. In other words, they shipped in damaged. No time to ship back. What a joke. Should receive a refund for my trouble. I think I'm done with Amazon!!!
One lamp lopsided, top heavy Bottom have screws in them, they are all rusty. Looks very cheap and shoddy. Purchased as gifts. Felt terrible, but had to give as I was out of town and had sent to their home!
Very cheap materials. I received the light fixtures on Thursday and installed them the following Saturday. The fixtures are very light weight, that's because there made with a very light gauge materials. The plastic covers are very flimsy. Three out of four of them cracked during installation. One the fixtures didn't work due to poor factory installation. I had to repair the fixture , due the difficulty of installation. I haven't call amazon about these issues yet, but I'm going to call ASAP. My purchase of these fixtures was based on the ratings and descriptions of this product. I'm wondering is the ratings are real or made up just to push product.
Not Bright and quit working after a year in not a highly used place.
The whole rubber coating around the lock only festers rust by not letting water evaporate. Also the rubber coating made it much harder to fit the holes that we had for our gates, but that is more of a personal problem than the actual lock. I would NOT recommend getting these because the weatherproofing is definitely not true.
I wish I had not bought this item. It is not as bright as it was portrayed to be.
Installed very easily broke within about 10 uses. Very disappointed!
The product did not meet my requirements of a high quality vanity top. It looked "cheap" and is not something I would want to show my guest in a newly renovated bathroom.
anyone can open this safe by dropping from 10inches top. Very easy to open the door w/o a lock.
Don't buy this faucet unless you can custom cut hole in sink
It was the right size, but it arrived broken. We ended up getting a new microwave.
These did not work on kitchen towels well. I'm not even using them as they wouldn't “clip” onto my towels. Waste of money.
Malfunctioned after 1.5 years of use. I would have thought that it would have lasted at least 5 years!
Grommets ripped as soon as any pressure was applied.
I tried to get in contact with the seller. The lamp I received had missing crystals. the seller has not responded once. The lamp had no extra crystals in the box. So the lamp was packaged like that with the missing crystals and they shipped me a lamp that had missing crystals. I eventually gave up. It's not worth it. There are better lamps, from sellers who respond immediately when there is an issue. Lamp looks horrible with the missing crystals.
We bought this product a year ago and this resulted
Light not bright as described in pics
Ill never buy it again . waste of money and it showed up smashed and leaking.
They came in a box totally different from what is pictured on the Amazon product web page. The Amazon photo of the box clearly says Made in Germany. What I got look like Chinese knockoffs. Will reach out to seller and see what they say about this as the Amazon photo is a misrepresentation.
Upon opening the box and taking it out, the cart was bent on the end and all scratched up when I pulled it from the box.
These don't work. Do not extend far enough, light is so dim, even on "high" setting, as to be totally ineffective. I don't see a "return" option....it took a couple months to get them installed. They are coming down!
Light has a dent in it. Didn't notice until it was installed bc it was on the bottom. Bummer
It stay on for all night. It Never goes off.
I was initially impressed with these bulbs, they looked great and were fairly easy to install. After a month or so of being installed they stared burning out, one by one. Now, 4 months later, 7 out of 9 bulbs are burnt out!! That's ridiculous. I will never buy these again or recommend them to anyone.
The lava never moved after hours of being on and all the lights blew out...I bought 5 and none of them work
The Velcro isn't all the way around to Velcro both ends together so unless the perfect size...it doesn't Velcro. Very disappointed
There was too many pieces to put together. The bulbs didn't come with it. And the instructions were not that clear.
THE ITEM WAS NEVER DELIVERED!!!!! End of story!!!!!
Don't buy these. Can't believe amazon allows it here. Cheap, costs a fortune in batteries, still go out in a couple hours. Horrible!
Package was an opened package with used wheels. Wrong parts and missing tub belt. Very disappointing! Returned for full refund
Received the light DOA.
didn't work and company never refunded me the money after I paid to have it send back to them
Got an empty box Amazon customer service gave me a refund
10 of the 12 bulbs were broken. The filament was broken. The packaging looked fine.
The unit has a buzzing noise coming from the valve behind the LED cover. I have to assume this is a defective unit. How do I file a warranty claim?
I have used a few different screen doors (net curtain). This one was not super easy to install and didn't snap shut until i customised the set up. At which point it worked well. Although quite flimsy. I don't have much traffic in my home yet after 2 months one of the long magnets fell out.. (see photo) the fabric is just far too weak.
I have had a lot of LITOM solar lights and most have been great but this is the worst !! The 1200Mah batt needs hours and hours of direct sun to work for more than 3-4 hours on the dim to bright setting when motion is detected. It is now in the trash and have ordered a different brand.
The white base is very sturdy and as described and perhaps I didn't read it correctly but know that it does not come with the bulb so therefore you have to find your own.
The product did not communicate with my garage door., although my learn button is yellow on a Extreme Garage unit
Received yesterday charged all day today and 2 dont work.
Well made for what it is ---- but what it is is cheap plastic. Sent it back.
Worked well for first hour or so but then started clogging and sputtering. Had to water down the paint so much that it was really runny. Can't get into the nozzle to clean it out. Finally went back to brushing because we were changing the heads so frequently.
The light tape is fine, but when ordering, nothing is said up front that there is not an adaptor included. Luckily, I had some adapters that I could use. This should be in the product description.
make spark when changing the number for fan. bought two but need to return the other one. I just don't have time to remove it and return the one already installed. wouldn't recommend this for any one.
Bulbs are bright as advertised. But in a batch of 72 about 6 have already burned out. I see the comment about them being in enclosed but they are burning out in non enclosed
Bought this in Feb 2017 as a replacement to the faucet I installed Feb 2014. First one slowly clogged with relatively soft water. Second one lost the on/off button in 6 months of very minimal use.
It lights up but on day two it would only change colors right when i turned it on then after a few weeks it wont change colors att all. It red and only red now.
I don't even use these anymore. They are too dim for use
Love the concept so much! However, they do not stick well
I like this smart plug but what I really don't like is that they sent me used one while I ordered the brand new one. Since I don't have a time to request for replacement I just write it here. I can even ask for the refund cuz it's about trusting issue... well, it's working well but I don't like that fact that it's not new... Don't do it again. I give 2 stars since it's not new.
Heres the thing the vanity was completely torched upon arrival. Just in shambles, legs cracked off, Panels cracked in half, broken top, bad. The company did the right thing and refunded the purchase in full.
Not really 12' x 12'. Used it under my 12' x 12' dance floor and it was a foot short on both sides.
These were not stained like the picture. And they don't turn. I have them on the bottom of a light wooden box and it wont roll. Would not recommend
Not the same quality as a previous purchase. Not UL rated and no indication the metal is brass instead of aluminum. The screw fitting is not as deep or tight. Product cheapened by a lot. Can no longer recommend.
not as expected for pix
For starters allow me to say that the product seems great and feels sturdy enough. I just received the package today and was installing it when I realized there were no keys in the carboard box it came with. It had both sides of the door knob, the middle part as well as the small sheet of metal that goes on the doorframe as well as the screws but there were no keys...I essentially bought this for no reason as I cannot lock it. Again it is a good product, but somehow someone forgot to pack the keys...now I can't lock my room when I go out which was the purpose of buying this in the first place.
Very light and when the posts are assembled there is a gap. It looks cute from distance
This item shown in the picture is not what I received. Very poor quality and all the items can fit in my hand. this picture is very deceiving. Im disappointed regardless of price it should still look somewhat like what you are advertising
Ladder came with scratches all down all steps and had black dirty soot all over it. Took me 45 minutes to clean it so I could use it inside my house!!! I know it's just a ladder but if my ladder gets scratched on it I want to be the one to put them there. I have a 6ft ladder that's 8 years old in better condition.
Easy to install, but broke leat than 2 months after my install.
the filaments burn out quickly, and start flickering with very little use. would not buy again.
This makes a creaking sound when it's on. I guess my small crystal service award is too heavy?
This was advertised as a Genuine GE Factory Part and it was definitely an aftermarket part. That is why the price is less. Did not return it because could not wait addition time to get a GE part. While it seems to be working, uncertain of its durability. The number of coils in the element is approaching half of the genuine part. The low rating partially a reflection of the sellers deception.
UPDATE: I bought an adapter so it will work after all! Yay! First of all, the finial is beautiful! That being said, I failed to check the thread width and this finial didn't have a large enough thread opening for my lamp. I'll keep it though because it's lovely,and I'm sure there will be another lamp I can use it on. Like the small lamp in our guest room or another small lamp in our master bath.
doesn't have a auto/on/off function I want to have the ability to keep it on or have it auto motion 😔..and a dimming option is a plus.. I might return it
They are not the size listed. Gave 2 stars because I can still eventually use them just not for the project I intended.
Its okay but not great buy something that is more toxic if you want it to really work.
Picture is correct but what came was different. Washer and springs worked. So I was able to repair the Valve.
Still trying to get to work with Alexa
It wasn't what I thought it was and it was cheap it come apart for even installed it
These lasted a week and a half on my classroom stools. Now I am finding them everywhere. I wish these worked as well as people said they did.
It was so cute, small and convenient. Simple to use, button for on off. Tap to change colors. Turns off in one hour. We bought this for travel with the kids. It is nice and squishy but sadly it somehow it must have bounced out of our luggage during our travels. We can no longer find this little guy. Perhaps it was a tad too small and round? We did love him the short time that we had to enjoy him though. Update: so I had to buy another one and sadly this one did not work as well. It is too sensitive and keeps turning on, off and switching colors. Today I noticed upon picking up the light that it felt like there was a loose piece and inside and it just past it's return window :(
Received 2 one is working the other one LCD is blank not working.The one that is working does not always turn off, but turns on ok.
The style is ok but poorly made. The bracket is not 90 degrees. I bought three sets and had to add an 1/8" shim to two of them to make the shelf level.
The thing I dislike most about this is the post is immovable. You push the whole strainer down and then there's no way to pull it up slightly for water to drain when done. You have to remove the whole unit or it gets sucked down and plugs the hole again. How can it be called a strainer if it doesn't strain? It should just be called a drain plug because that's all it's good for.
It wasn't bad to set up but they are stupid liars cause it doesn't work with Apple HomeKit.
Don't be deceived by the picture on this page as the utility tool is not included. I ordered this item expecting 4 pads and one utility tool. When I only got the 4 pads, I called Amazon who apologized and said that I can reorder and this individual was going to call the distributor to make sure that the utility tool was included. I was told to keep the pads and reorder. Guess what!!! I got the second order with only the pads. Ca;;ed Amazon again who graciously gave me the pads without charging me. I explained that this picture needs to be changed. The Amazon rep agreed with me and told me he would take care of it. As of a month from the time I spoke to a rep, the picture on this page is still incorrect. Buyer beware - this item only includes the 4 pads. I just reviewed some other negative reviews on this item and looks like I was not the only person who ordered this item expecting the pads AND the utility tool. Shame on me for not reading the reviews. I will be more careful in the future.
Too short for my door. Couldn't even use it.
Haven't lost power so I don't know if they work, but not much brighter than a nightlight. Needs to be in a lamp that isn't normally in use.
To small for most pens, not sure what these are for. Bought as gift for somebody who simply cannot use them for pens as the stock is too small.
Sturdy and has a soft light for reading while not illuminating the entire room. The on-off and control switch knocked my rating down to a 2 that otherwise would have been a 5. I have to tap several times to turn off and on, very annoying if you're sleepy and just want to relax. Wish it was just a button or switch instead of a tap on flat surface that has a mind of its own whether it wants to cooperate or not.
This door lock worked great... for 18 months. Then, half of the buttons stopped working. Replacing the batteries didn't help. The door is located in a long covered breezeway and sunlight nor rain ever hits it. We live in a low humidity location (San Jose, CA). The cost of this door lock is greatly diminished if you have to buy a new one every 18 months. I browsed through the reviews and this is quite common, so don't say I didn't warn you.
One remote will now only open one gate in my gated community. The code is the same for both gates. Only worked for 2 weeks. I had it checked with management.
Short cord. Lampshade makes lamp very top heavy. I knock this thing over all the time.
Cheap plastic. Labels are impossible to put on.
Very cheap...and it shows.
Arrived fast but was quickly disappointed. It took over 30 mins just to remove the film from the three shelves which then uncovered some sort of varnish drippage and spots on corners of each shelf where the plastic sticky paper did not cover. Also there are a couple tiny little pinholes through this plastic sheeting because they were stuck even more to them, that have already begun to rust. The size however is perfect and I don't want to deal with the hassle of sending back but would not have purchased had a known
July 1, 2019 Update: Two of the four bulbs I installed have gone out. One went out within 6 months, the other went out about a month ago. I have other bulbs in similar conditions which have lasted many years. I am disappointed in the short life of these. I have adjusted my overall rating down because of this problem. Original Review: These does exactly what I want them to do: they turn off in daylight, and on in darkness. I was skeptical because when I opened the package and looked at the bulbs, I could not find a photo sensor … so I expected these to stay on all the time, contrary to the claim. But, even though I couldn't find the photo sensor, it must be there. These do indeed turn on at night and off in the morning. The only reason I gave these 4 stars instead of 5 is that they were described as "cool white". I'd describe them as "blue-white". (I'll take some of the blame for this, though, because the description did say 6000K, and I didn't pay enough attention to that. I wish I'd gotten the 3000K version.) In the end, these do the job they say they'll do.
Like others, I wondered how the stock Eljer Titan flush handle could cost more than twice as much as this one. Well, I found the answer. First, the lever had to be cut to fit so it wouldn't hit the refill tube...that I was ready for. But then I discovered that there was no way the square rubber gasket would fit into the square hole in the tank, it was way too tight. I ended up putting it in from the inside, and was able to tighten up the plastic nut enough to hold the handle assembly securely. The handle on the old, stock unit, which lasted 15 years, was made of pot-metal, and the little pocket that the lever fits into had split open at the pressure/wear point. The new handle is made of plastic, with a slightly different cam mechanism. I would bet that it won't last nearly as long...time will tell. The bottom line: Spend the extra $10-12 to get a more durable handle that you can install in about 2 minutes with no jury-rigging hassles.
Use rechargeables! Must replace batteries every 3 months and always at 3 am. I have seven interconnected. Very annoying. Hard to tell which needs batteries replaced. All seven demand new batteries while the batteries are still running strong. I switched to rechargable Eneloop Pro but there is no change in replacement frequency. Speech is difficult to understand and not repeated so I still don't know where the fire is. Better to spend more on Nest or less on a non line powered version with 10 year sealed battery. 2 star because the smoke sensor works and the interconnect works. I regret buying this model. And the irritation of getting a ladder out at 3 am to replace 280 pairs of batteries over the next 10 years. RIDICULOUS! UGH! I hope they quit working early.
This came with a bad black lead wire so it is pretty useless. Now I have to figure out why the wire has no continuity or just get a different lead wire that has the same ends so I can use the attachments.
It's very cute and looks just like the picture but it broke off of the chain after only a few months of use and I didn't jerk it. The fan doesn't have a wall switch and therefore requires the chain to function. It's probably fine if you don't pull the chain very often.
Very small!!! And only takes a tiny light bulb. It's cute but not a bargain for the price
The device itself works great. I bought it to help keep a check on an elderly parent from roaming. The sensor that lets you know a door has opened is so sensitive to failure that just putting the back on it after activating it can break the sensor so it won't work. The sodering that makes it work is so fragile and impossible to repair if it does break. I've already spent money to replace one broken sensor and it lasted all of about 3 days. Again, it works great, but be very careful on setting it up or replacing the batteries because thats when it breaks.
Beautiful but does not work. Came with one plug that does not work well. It may light after several minutes. I tried touching the plug in the outlet and sometimes that works. This has been such a disappointment.
I was hoping the 2x coverage ment that it would cover finished wood well, but it does not. The texture of the finished wood leaves the grain unpainted. I tried 3 coats to get the basic coverage needed, which is not economical or time saving. Might be best for plastic or metal painting. Won't buy again.
It's not what I expected to be. I wouldn't say that I don't recommend it since it's not for me. It is also not bright enough.
Hardly used...had it for a few months...the bottom two rows of LEDs are flashing and flickering...Light is now useless unless I want a headache
Doesn't fit into the slider rail. Sizing wrong and too stiff...not flexible.
It works once you finally get it installed. No mounting screws and zero instructions. A template or some kind of instructions should be included with the item.
Two out of four of these bulbs work flawlessly, two of them seem to function only intermittently. According to my hub the same Two bulbs only respond about 40% of the time and when they do turn on, for some reason they are set at 10% brightness and I have to increase the brightness to 100%
After five days of use counter quit working and had to buy a driveway sensor off a friend because it was shipped without one, I contacted seller but they gave me the run around so it was easier to just buy one off my friend, but it works good no thanks to seller
These are 7 in long overall . Otherwise a good product.
I want to love this case and interchange it with another one. Problem is it fits so.....tight it cant get it out of the cover. If I could get it our I would send it back. Any instructions on how to release this case would help.
The look nice and feel nice, but after just a short month they developed water stain drips on the lid and seat and look permanently dirty all the time even though they get cleaned a few times a week
Do not buy. The safe with most certainly come dented. $50 shipping you'd think they would be gentle. Not impressed wish i could return
Purchased five of these in June 2017, now barely 1 year later all five have LEDs that no longer come on; two of the lights have half of the LEDs no longer working. They were bright initially for use in the garage, however, after only a little over 1,000 hours of use they no longer function as advertised . The box claimed they should work for 18+ years at 3 hours/day. I haven't got anywhere near that and since all five now have issues I think they are definitely not worth the money. Sad that you can't purchase quality LEDs. See photos.
Had it 6 months. This product is inconsistent in its operation. It will not stay lit every night. Awkward installation. Don't buy.
these do not work well for the project I intended them for
Puts out good light but not instant on, which is too irritating for me.
This is not like other Wooster products which are usually professional grade. Plastic is thin and bendable. If this is filled with paint and you try to raise it with one hand, it will bend and spill. Ok if stays on floor.
Works for a while and eventually falls off the shower/tub wall. Not to be trusted, especially if you are handicapped and depend on this device while you have soap in your eyes, can't see anything, and then have to find it while in that state.
This is very lightweight, you can go to a retail store and get a more heavy duty one that's less expensive
Was not easy to install...the door sensor particularly. Instructions were all over the place. The app crashes and is not intuitive. For some reason the door has been opening randomly?? Couldn't figure out how to set a max open timer. I mean it works kinda, but not reliable or well designed. Very disappointed.
Great price & battery operated. That said....The batteries need to be charged frequently, the human sensor provides false alarms for insects/wind, and it was hard to install the SD card. It works though.
These are much shorter than your average croakies. Sinch on the cord works great but they're just too short to hang on your neck.
One of the two wouldn't start at all. The second is very hard to start: won't click on. Takes several tries.
Light looks nice but it's missing the back of the screw caps, so there is no way to rings stationary.
Overall, this shower head seems okay, and the filter is great. However, when I turn the water flow up or down, etc., to soap, etc., the water can become unexpectedly scalding or freezing. It takes a long time to adjust it to the former temperature. This is a deal breaker for me. I have a small shower and the situation involves a lot of ducking and craning to avoid unpleasant temperatures.
One of them not working at all. Wants to return.
I recently bought two, but only one worked!!! 🙁 No way to contact seller
These grates are not gray, they are black. Ordered once, factory box had check boxes for color, black was checked. Returned and reordered, second set was also black. Amazon Customer Service helped me try to find the gray ones, and the third set was also black when they arrived. Very disappointed as I had no choice but to use them with a graduation party the next day, other parts of my stove are gray so now I need to replace them with black. Ugh.
used some for floor, some for wall. the wall ones started dropping off after a few days although some continue to stick.
2 work great. The other 2 seem to go on then flicker and then go out. Now all 4 do not work at all. Waste of time and cash
Plastic Connection, not too good I returned
I probably got 2 months use out of the lights until one bulb took out the remote module. I changed the bolt and now I can't use it with the remote. The lights are awesome it's just faulty that the remote box blew and you can manually reset it or add a new fuse. I'll continue using the lights just need to move them to a light switch to control them, until I can figure something else out.
Check the diameter and shape of the shaft of your door levers. If they are cylindrical it may work and is simple and non marring. Our new Schlage Door lever shafts are oval or lobed and too large in diameter for this item to work. Darn. Since this is a simple plastic part that likely works well when it fits, I wish the maker would have some designed for alternative shaft shapes and sizes.
Item was extremely brittle and broke within seconds of beginning to use it. It even shattered as I tightened it (by hand) in the drill chuck. I suppose if I had known it was SO brittle I may have been more careful with it, but as it was I could not use it at all.
My fridge blew up didn't take the filter. It just rejected it.
Nice bright bulbs that seem to be holding up well. However, the wifi enabled dimmer light switch that I use to control 4 of these with has a soft on feature, that can't be disabled, that these lights randomly will not illuminate with. Sometime all 4 will light when turned on sometimes only one, or two, or three will illuminate when tuned on. Cycling the switch on and off 2-3 times is sometimes required to get all 4 of my lights to turn on. I believe this problem is caused by my light switch which can only turn the lights on using a soft on feature. As these are dimmable lights you would not think that my switch that when turned on basically starts out dimmed and then ramps up to its setting would cause a problem, but these lights randomly do not illuminate when turned on with this soft on dimmer switch.
Great product at a great price!! I tested it many times in water pools and never fail to send push notification. Super easy setup with iOS app and batteries can last up to a year as it goes into power saver mode and only becomes active when water is detected. Would recommend as a great value in WiFi water detection devices!! Update: After testing with all type of batteries product drains them in a matter of day. Get product if it wouldn't drain the batteries so fast will be returning.
doesnt come off easy- ripped all the paid off my wall. Was not happy wont buy again
The unit works great. But there's either dust under the screen or it's been damaged.
They dim...kind of. They dim down to a semi bright level then do nothing as the halogen bulbs dim down to a nice ambient glow. II should have checked the dimensions. These bulbs are slightly taller/longer than a halogen MR16 bulb. They won't fit fixtures with glass covers over the bulbs. Flicker. I put the bulbs in a fixture connected to a 120 circuit in my garage and they all flickered. I can't endorse this product. It works, I'm willing to think maybe I have some problems on my end, but in general I'm unable to use this bulb. I originally bought 18 bulbs, I'm returning 12 of them because they just don't meet my needs.
Liked the ability to plug into the EU plug in Brazil using our US chargers. Went to a hotel and ran into an unusual situation. The outlet was US but the laptop charger we needed to plug in was the EU plug. The US prongs on the charger extend but do not lock. Never was able to get a charge. Had to get an adaptor from the hotel. Also, don't let your wife plug in her hair dryer, it blew the fuse. Just like the warning labels tell you. I gave it 2 stars because it worked as designed but failed to lock the US plug in place.
They can be on for 30 seconds then start dimming. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Everything about this is pretty good except for one key detail that it spins. The connecting to the water is solid and doesn't leak, they even provide plumbers tape of it does, but the head is in a free spinning connector. The end result is that the handheld head is too heavy and flips upside down on itself and falls to the ground. The fact that it's made of plastic means it won't last for over a year.
Was not sent the correct item. Don't want to have to hassle with a return. The item I received is good quality, however it does not change colors like stated in the description. Disappointed.
Not what I expected, but perhaps that was my mistake.
I love this product and when its stored correctly it is amazing. With that being said I ordered 20 boxes and when they arrived nearly all of them had already hardened and were worthless. I returned them and amazon replaced them however those were bad as well. I suggest buying at lowes or home depot and open the box and squeeze the package. If you feel it give or bend then its still good.
I was really excited about these lights, but only half of them work. The remote is hit or miss because it doesn't work 25% of the time.
We received this today. It's OK. For $24 I thought it would be a bit better quality given that you can buy other lamps that are glass for this price. Some of the rose petals are damaged. They are some type of foam. They aren't glass although I thought they were and if they were this lamp would be Amazing. The stem of the lamps looks like white electrical tape. Seeing it now I probably would not have purchased it especially for the price. A little disappointed...
My cart is already bended with 2 pails of paint, Not recommended.
This filter only has nine pleats as compared to 14 in the more expensive kind I've added pictures to illustrate also two of the dimensions are approximately three-quarter inch shorter than they should be for my Honeywell filter holder it sounded like a great deal but I feel these are inferior to the more expensive brand
There were only 38 glides in sealed package. Not good when you have 10 chairs.
Very poor quality of digital flame
Immediately after installing this, prior to any hair being collected, the rate the shower drained was drastically impacted and we wound up standing in several inches of water/soap. We replaced it by day 2....
The adhesive sticks to both sides of the tape so you have to rub on it to get it off, and half the time it barely sticks to the page where you want it put.
All plastic. Love the large head. Just can't get the attachment to stop dripping at the gasket connection
I had to alter the inside cavity of one of the salt cubes so the light bulb could fit without forcing it on.
didn't work after about 2-3 days.
The rope light arrived with one 3ft segment operating intermittently -- it would go on/off seemingly unpredictably. I finally narrowed it down to one small section. If I put a 180 degree bend in the rope and use a twist tie to hold it in place, it works. This is OK in my application, and too much trouble would be required to replace the rope, so I'll keep it. Looks like poor quality control.
Colors dont actually work after a couple uses. Also the sprayer does not stay connected and has hit my in the face and also has fallen and hit my baby in the head while he is in the tub
The connectors are bad. The plastic threads are so poorly formed you can barely get them to go together. The 2 pins fit together OK and there is an "O" ring. The only way I can see to get them to seal well is to put shrink tube over them.
There is way too much plastic before hitting the threads. Some bulbs wont fit into it deep enough for contact.
With poor instructions (basically a parts list in order of assembly), it took watching two YouTube videos to figure out that this kit didn't have all the pieces I needed to properly rewire my lamp. Instead, I ended up having to fudge it with some of the old brass pieces that the old wiring used. I got it together, sort of, but it is not a secure or stable fit. The top (where the light bulb and shade go), rocks a bit because there's too much play, no matter how much I tighten the screws to hold it. Then I realized that there are white rubber adapters that come with many lamp kits, that are meant to serve this purpose. They just didn't come with this kit. So now I have to take it all apart, buy another lamp kit that comes with the adapters, and do it all over again. I know, it should be obvious but it was not. Not at all.
Its just not that nice to live with. Looks dark/ not so nice and cumbersome to pass thru. I was having a hard time finding someone to install a real screen door so I gave it a try but after a week I just took it down.
Got the green lights less than a week ago, and installed them two days later. Two days after that one of the green lights is already dead! Seriously!!!
Button broke first time used .... still trying to find part since Return Opportunity has expired.
You cannot call out side intercoms. Someone has to ring door bell. My issue is i've had two unwelcome visitors that I would have liked to communicate before they broke into vehicles. I don' Know any criminals that will ring door bell first .
it did not seem to put out much light in the direction of the plant, most of the light went out in a horizonal direction.
Used just a few time and already the handle only lifts up partially which only allows a trickle of water.
One bulb already went out and had to be replaced.
I have always wanted a bidet and finally got one. I purchased mine less than a year ago. Everything has worked great except the seat itself. The seat is made of inferior plastic that has started cracking. My husband and I are the only ones that use it and we have been careful with it. However, we noticed the cracks starting after we had it about 6 months. I would expect paying that much for a toilet seat, that it would last longer than this. For now, I have put super glue on it hoping that it will last for a bit longer. The water and heat are great!
plastic was really cheap looking and I cant see it not yellow over time out doors. Also it has no mounting option for replacing lights.
The colors were a lot lighter than what they looked like online. The tiles are mostly peach and light grey. I thought they had more browns and dark greys.
I worked well in the beginning, a few weeks later it keeps shutting off by itself.
Color wasn't what I expected.
Product ok. But packing envelope arrived with burn hole and very burn smelly order. See photos
The bottle was received without a cap. The paper seal was in place and contents I presume is ok but doubtful will use without ability to reseal. This should be an alert for Amazon. Why was it packaged without it reseal cap? I am sure it was not received from the mfg this way. Is this someone's ideal of mischief or intend to create an issue in transit?
The door bell works but would not recommend the 2pk if you plan on placing inside and out. My ShihTzu destroyed the one outside on the 2nd day. I placed one outside to hopefully have them stop scratching up my door. Giving it 2 Stars because of design flaw. If my small dog was able to take it apart, I can just imagine what a large dog will do to it!
The over all construction of this light is light weight. The biggest problem was when it first came on it would cycle on and off for about 10 minutes.
This plastic knob is identical to the original which broke and could certainly be made of better material.
I wanted a grey basket, I received Black even after stating I wanted grey in the shopping cart.
I was disappointed to find out the optional shorter main pipe is NOT included; this fact was not shared in the information provided before ordering. If needed, you must order from the manufacturer at a cost of $45. I am going to try and use the standard pipe they sent but it might be too long for my existing shower valve location which will mean more $ & more time - I might just return & buy from someone else.
The tool deformed instantly. Wasted my money on the tool. I had to resort to one of the screwdriver methods on youtube, and it worked pretty well. -Take a screwdriver and hammer, tap the screwdriver applied to the old coupler so that it turns in a clockwise direction. It spins the coupler faster than the blender motor allows and after a few taps, it loosened it up. I had to cheat as all of the black molding was off mine. There were some small holes in the underlying disk that I used for purchase. I also had the stripped tool that came w/ the package and resting that against my screwdriver arm to improve resistance, managed to loosen the coupler base in a few taps.
You get what you pay for. Great price, but low quality.
Temperamental. Somtimes they work. Sometimes they don't. (Kind of like my AT&T Wifi data plan.)
I bought this item due to the glowing reviews of the strong water pressure. I was very disappointed. Poor water pressure. Removed pressure restriction valve, didn't help much. Not enough pressure to rinse shampoo out of my hair. I suspect the reviews were fake. I'm returning it and going back to my old Waterpik.
These have been very iffy at best. The one devise is constantly “offline” requiring it to be reseated frequently. I can only hope the ones I bought me father-in-law are working better for him.
These are very underpowered.
Looks great installed 4 bulbs one week ago and 1 bulb is already burned out.
It would've been great if it didnt split when I didnt even fully seat the screws in
I'm disappointed that after the year mark we are looking at getting another seat. At first it was great way to install and helped potty training like a breeze but as I continued to clean it I saw the try colors of the polished look slowly degrade. Little kids pee in the seat and if it's not cleaned up right then it sits like other have posted, blue our still new seat looks 20 yrs old and nasty I want to get a replacement! $40 every two yrs isn't an ideal plan of mine.
Not as sturdy as expected. The stopped pin can be popping out anytime and the stick will collapse.
These LED bulbs look great and give a nice light but are terribly prone to 'infant mortality' where they don't last more than a few weeks or months. Given that they should last seven years, that's a real disappointment. They need to refine their quality control.
These plugs didnt work. They didnt communicate with my google home. Not only that but whatever I plugged them into would intermittently turn off and on.
Not installed at all! They do not want to connect to my router at home. I have tried multiple times to connect and keep getting the same issue coming up. Mainly that I don't have / or it won't find the correct channel. I do have an older Apple Time Machine, which clearly says it has dual channels available to use. Everything else in the house connects with no problem. Not these Smart Plugs. I talking with tech support, they had no solution. I will try again,, but will likely look for another brand.
These filter wicks fit fairly well but they lasted only a month before my humidifier is calling for their replacement. I never use hot or warm water, so that wasn't the problem.
Supposed to be 1 normally open and 1 normally closed. Instead I got 2 normally closed switches. WTF
worse filter ever, tap water tastes better.
Abrasiveness wears down quicker than it should
The filter quality is fine. However, the outer dimensions are slightly smaller than advertised and the filter doesn't stay seated in my air return frame.
It is heavy duty but not for use with snow blowers due to the cold. It is very heavy to be used with equipment that needs to be moved.
After 20 months, it flashes constantly, never shutoff. Good while it lasted, now it's worthless.
Be aware this is a VERY specialized light. It only works for minor accent lighting in almost pitch black situations. Any ambient light will wash out the impact of these lights. We tried to use it to provide a splash of color to an external frosted window and it simply was not up to the task even just 2 feet away from the window. I am certain there are scenarios where this would work, however be aware that just about any ambient light kills the impact of this item.
I've installed many pulls on cabinets that don't have holes already and it can be time consuming and frustrating if you're measuring them all instead of using a template. I'm in that situation again and thought this would be a cheap way to speed things up. Our pulls are 3" on center but total length is 5 1/2 (overhang on each end)". The template has the pulls being installed too low on the cabinet door, almost to the point where the overhang from the lower post is to the bottom of the door. The placement isn't right, so I'll be measuring again - this thing was a waste. It would work great if there were no overhang, so it might work for some.
The quality of construction is rather sturdy but the photo gives one the impression, they will receive an orange colored salt lamp. The one I received was off-white, and therefore too bright. I had to buy an orange light bulb to compensate. The orange light bulb makes it less bright but it doesn't look like a natural Himalayan salt color. I wish the product I received had matched the photos.
One of them didn't have threads to screw it into the wall.
The clamps wont hold small to medium frame molding only large would fit but clamps are really made to hold the large molding.
These #10 x 3" screws seem a little too soft. I was using them to screw down 2 x 6 pressure treated deck boards. They would bend, seize and the heads would strip. I had to predrill each board to be able to use these.
For adolescents desktop and computer rooms might be great ,but thats about the only place this product's for. Didn't meet my expectations.
It was working till the key fell off while tightening
was the wrong color even when I selected bronze I recieved chrome sad 😔
did not support the weight that was stated in the product info.
Ran out very quickly. Rip off
when i order something from amazon i expect it to work. the two major pieces of this tool are supposed to screw together and they dont. poor workmanship. trying to dupe the customer
This works great at first with Google Home. When an update is available then it completely stops working until you update it. After you update then you have to remove the item from the list of smart home devices (skills?) in Google Home. After that you have to go back through the process of adding everything back in to Google Home. I do not have to go through this process with Alexa.
Bought 7 of these for my bedroom. Within 7 months of regular use ( a few hours a day) 3 have blown out and 1 lost a few of the colors.
Functional but Inconsistent operation. Burned out after 2 years with minimal use.
2 Has wrong belt for my washing machine. and got too many rollers
These are very cheap. Half of them were out of square, very flimsy feeling. This is not a professional pull in the least.
I have not tried this pretty lamp yet as warehouse left out power cord. I was told to return.
We returned the light because we wanted a glass cover vs a plastic cover. The light is fine, it just is not what we are wanting for the bathroom.
Would of liked as pictured, to be spooled and not wadded in box. Took 10min to unwrap and rewind on own spool.
I've used this product many times. When living in Arizona did every window in the house. Always good product. I bought this to do garage windows, mainly for privacy, and had a terrible experience. Installed it with recommended solution and it fell off 5 minutes later. I'm stumped?
Whoa, this may be a real nightmare. It works sometimes. I am still working on it and yes we can control some functions with the app but...
The product is so HARD you can't get it out the can. I also was frustrated that the instructions on the side of the can failed to mention that after prying the product from the can that there is a two day curing period before wiping off.
This is the second time we had to get this part since March. The one in March already broke. I'm hoping this one lasts longer...
These work just fine but they don't just snap in to lock, you have to use the key. So I will have to purchase something else eventually.
The buld went out after a week
this is just a screen for the same price you can buy the whole thing
Bothers me that I have to let this "warm up" each time I want to use it. And it has to be calibrated, meaning the readings are absolutely relative to the air in the calibration area. Definitely shows dirty air, but "how dirty" is largely relative.
The spout has a pressure fit onto the bottle. Not good with kids who will spill the water.
Bought two sets of these light. I really like them but two of them flicker and not as bright as the rest. Tried putting them in the better sun spot also.
The setting buttons are way too sensitive. Even a phone cable grazing the base will cause the lighting to change from one setting to the next. Not really practical if, like me, you keep it on a nightstand where you might also charge a phone or set a book down and accidentally brush one of the buttons
Didn't work for long. It dies out after two hours and i have perfect sunlight
It's hard to dispense. Even when careful, the plastic sometimes gets stuck to tape. My biggest complaint- It doesn't stick to floor trim! I sprayed my trim first, and wanted to protect it to spray the walls. When I was ready to start an hour later, 50% of the tape had lifted from the top edge of the trim. If you're sticking it to a wide, flat, clean surface like window panes (or itself!) it works great. But folding it or bending it by placing over trim edge doesn't work. Every room, we had to crawl around and repress within minutes of when we wanted to paint. This is a lot of single-use-plastic trash for the environment for a not convenient product. Not worth the price.
Element burned out after only 2 months of use.
I took a leap of faith buying this lamp that was not reviewed by anyone. Turns out, it was a wrong decision. This lamp looks really good in pictures. The problem is - it's tiny and does not give sufficient light. Further, it's made of cheap plastic and does not look good as a show piece either. So you can't put it next to your bed nor can you use it as a reading light. I tried finding an alternate use - as an accent lamp on my son's game table. Neither he nor any of his friends were to thrilled by it. Now you may wonder why am I not giving this 1 star? The reason is, the overall design approach is good. If the manufacturer makes it a bit bigger (so it can be proportionate with most modern furniture), brighter (so it can be used for reading), and of better material (so an expensive decor is not destroyed by cheap plastic), I may consider getting it. In it's current form, I would not keep this even if were offered for free.
Product is fine, but the packaging is problematic. Plastic ripped open causing the screws to fall out of the box in transit.
This tape was not very sticky. I bought this to use over a bandaged horse hoof. The bandage was clean and the tape was not crazy sticky. The sticky side stuck well to the sticky side of itself but did not stick very well to it's own non-sticky side. Next time I will spend just a little more to get a well-known brand that I have used before.
Had one already not work, the led makes the color not match they were supposed to be a white/yellowish tint they are cheap led white lighting that doesnt match what the product should look like. One of them quit working on the second night
Washer Drain Pump Replacement Part lasted about 2 months. The part I received is not OEM. these were all made in the same manufacturing facility in china. The are all likely of a very poor quality. The problem is WHO CAN YOU TRUST.
Worthless. No different than any cheap shower heads. No pressure flow with or without the flow restraint.
the panels open up sideways making it almost impossible to frame around it, very disappointed.
Felt pad is extremely thin; with just my wife and I using them on our kitchen chairs I doubt they'd last 3 weeks. Then the hard plastic portion of the glide would be scraping our hardwood floors, which is what we are trying to prevent. Price was very reasonable; I guess that's why.
The settings on the microwave had no effect on the bulb. It remained on and pretty dim regardless of being Full/Half/Off
I'm disappointed we've only had it since July 27th and it's Aug 3 and is already starting to tear. Other than that it's a exactly what I ordered
Not easy to do. Leave this kind of work to the experts.
If you look at the picture you will see the "MyQ" logo in the lower right corner. This is incorrect as this unit does not come with this technology. Found this out after the installer had already installed the unit.
First off - I like this product for what it does since I used it before & ordered more for my project. . However, the newly ordered product was not a full container. It was unopened but it was not full like the other container I previously purchased at the store. Can someone answer this ? Here is a photo of the product just opened from the amazon package.
Two out of four bulbs broken upon delivery. Disappointed. Was placed inside box with other items with minimal support to ensure no breaking.
It does not make proper bubbles at all . Takes forever to even start making them.
Water flow is extremely slow after installation for a week now. I was hoping it would increase after use, but has not happened. Followed instructions exactly for installation and tried re-seating it with no success.
After a year the "lava" turned into a non moving solid glob.
9 out of 10 ok, 1 had a very visible dent, never should have been sent to a customer, unusable.
Unfortunately, these didn't fit for us and we reached out to the seller for further advice. We never heard back from the seller, which was somewhat disappointing. We opted not to send these back since they were only around $5.00, but if we would've known in advance that the seller wasn't going to answer our inquiry we would've returned them regardless. We would've preferred to leave a more positive review, but a no response doesn't warrant a better review than this.
Ordered it to replace our existing pump that went out. The install went well. The unit worked well. However it didn't even make it a full season before it completely failed. It was a nice bandaid to get us going again but didn't have any longevity.
only for indoor application. if you have no lip on the inside, it has to go on the outside. the magnets dont stick tightly at all, big gaps especially corners where insects will come in. i do not recommend.
Did not fit my ice maker.
The speaker starts sputtering when looking for next song. Not sure if the device is in sink or this is a flaw of software. Do not recommend if you like to jump from artists to artists like I do.
Un-installed. Sitting with other junk in the garage now. Will donate to Goodwill. Cord is too short, not enough flexibility in motion sensor range. Bulky
Don't stay where they are supposed to
not good for items that weight more than 200 pounds hart to open you need to step on the other end, if you are alone you will never make it, one wheel got twisted while we were moving stuff .. I bought two but I am keeping one to use for my son small projects
It does some devices partially, but not a lot. Examples are Vizio TV, Dish DVR. If it has to learn the remote, it can't voice activate it. While it can sort of control a Dish receiver, it can not access or control the dvr part. So forget about playing back a movie. And yes, device models were entered into their brand request, of course in answered there. Suggest looking for one with more compatability.
Wanted to replace an older model from the same company purchased several years ago. Unfortunately, the new unit has a different spiral hole pattern than the older unit. The new unit concentrates the spray in the center, while the older unit is provides a more uniform spray.
I have several of these knobs but I must say that they are the easiest thing to defeat and get into a house with. The internals are junk in my opinion and not what it should be from such a popular company. Rekeying is easy and handle works good but like I said all that is required to defeat these is simply holding down on the lever and smacking it with a hammer and voila...you are in the house. I lost all confidence in Kwikset after seeing how easy it was to get past a locked door. The unit should shear off inside and NOT allow the handle to still turn the plunger mechanism.
Candles looked great but remote stopped working after a few uses. Can not find contact phone number to get a replacement. The entire reason to purchase was the remote feature. If anyone has contact number please share. Thank you
The door pull is fine. It's an inexpensive piece of stamped metal. The packaging is poorly designed. There is a large hole in the rear of the packaging which allows the nails to fall out. So, be prepared to take a trip to your local hardware store for replacement nails.
I don't like this blue tack. It's very sticky but seems to crumble after it drys out. I thought I can use it to hand stuff up but it doesnt stay up. I'm disappointed
Heater burnt out already
THE COLOR WASN'T WHITE (LOOKS WHITE HERE - SEE WHAT I MEAN?) WASN'T WORTH IT TO RETURN, SO I DONATED THEM
Leaky connection. I have purchased this product twice now, from this seller and an alternative. Consistent complaint with product- it leaks quite readily at the connection with my showerhead plumbing. Still functional just annoying.
It's a typical Master Lock. Thing that frustrates me though is they advertise a blue one and like others I see on here they sent a PINK one... Seriously? I HATE the color pink.... I think if they have different colors, people should be able to CHOOSE the color they get... Yeah, this is what caused the 2 star rating.
Compared to some of the name brand 1/4" push-to-connect type plastic valves these are very affordable and reasonably priced. They seem to be well built and don't leak after installation HOWEVER I did notice one immediate issue after they were installed. I observed a decline in my RO water flow rate when these valves were installed compared to some of the other name brands such as Sharkbite or John Guest. Being the inquisitive type, I starting looking into the reasons why because from the exterior they look nearly identical. However when you view the internal orifice of the valve, there's a white plastic cross member (see the photos for details) directly in the center of valve's flow path. Not sure the reason it's there but that would account, at least partially for the reduction of water flow from the RO system due to the obstruction by the cross member. Very disappointed because I was hoping for an affordable alternative to the very expensive name brand 1/4" plastic valves. They may work for your application if your RO water pressure is adequate to compensate for the impedance from the cross member but it didn't pan out for me. Amazon's CS was great and I was allowed to return them for a refund within 30 days. Thanks Amazon!!
I bought one string to test it out, to see if I wanted to get a bunch more. The effect was boring and predictable. I thought there might be a button to control a few different modes, but there wasn't.
Hello! Based from your description of this product is warranty for ONE year. The boot was leak lately. Can I have a replacement for that? Please let me know.. Thanks
I'm disappointed. Toilet is fully functional and reasonably priced,.... but... the casting is out of level, both the base and tank. The problem was obvious once the tank was installed, since the tile behind the toilet was level and called attention to the issue. The fix was to install galvanized shims under the bowl and between the tank and bowl. Not a perfect answer, but the problem was less noticeable. I would have been better off paying $20 more for a different toilet, manufactured with better quality control.
Awesome solar lights but stopped working weeks later
Worked great for a little over a year and suddenly stopped dispensing soap, even with multiple pumps.
Not sure about this , maybe cause my application. Could see thru, not enough pigment in paint
After installing the control I was excited to see it adjust the speed of the fan well. But it didn't take long to realize the noise level of the fan motor was much louder at the slower and faster speeds. Since the fan is installed in the bedroom the noise level isn't acceptable. Wish I could give a db rating but it is loud enough to keep anyone awake at night. Much louder than the Leviton 3 speed control I had on it. I immediately removed it and put the Leviton back on. The control does work well with the smart phone app, and with an Echo (Alexa), and relatively easy to install. But if you are looking for something properly electrically designed for a ceiling fan, look elsewhere.
The light is so dim in my small closet I had to remove the plastic cover over the bulbs. They only stay on for about 10 seconds which saves batteries but I have to put my hand back in my closet to turn it back on.
I had a few bad hinges. It would not swing at all. Trying to find out how to get a replacement of just the bad ones. The rest work fine.
We loved the design of this fan, but it was a disaster trying to install. The instructions were inadequate, the mounting hardware was far from universal and the remote receiver was so large it's nearly impossible to fit in the fan housing. Several trips to the hardware store later and unhappy with how it looked and worked, we sent it back.
Package was missing a mounting bracket and screws
I ordered a new motion detector light, and ordered these bulbs as recommended. Installed the light and bulbs and all worked good. Six days later one bulb was already burned out. Gonna search for a new bulb now, just not one of these ones.
These locks do exactly what they are supposed to when they are in working order. However, in my experience, a working lock is hard to find. I ordered 3 locks in October 2017. One was defective out of the box. I sent it back and received another within a few days. Last week (Sept 2018), one of them malfunctioned- not properly locking and unlocking, seems like a motor issue inside the lock. Customer support walked me through the troubleshooting steps and said they would need to send me a new one. If it's in stock, it should arrive in 10-14 business day. If it's not in stock, it will take 4-6 weeks. But, of course, you can pay more for expedited shipping! Just my luck, my replacement is not in stock so I have to wait 4-6 weeks before I can properly lock my home again. Would not buy another and would not recommend.
Beautiful product but it broke in less than a month
Two star because one of them dead less than a month!
so flimsy and massive.
Product arrived without command strips to attach the holder to the wall. I had to use regular command strips I had on hand instead.
If you have multiple bulbs on one dimmer when you dim them some will be nearly 100% on, others will be at different levels and others will be totally off. They are only good if 100% on or off or if you only have one light on the dimmer.
It was great at the start, bright and a full flood. Then the chips started to burn out a nd within 16 month we are down to 1 50w chip!
too bright for sleeping
First time I have had any trouble with this brand after buying more than 50 bulbs on multiple orders. Waiting for customer service. Otherwise would recommend this brand after using it for over a year.
I don't know what I expected but these candles are not worth purchasing. I can not recommend purchasing them. They don't seat well in the holders and there is no way to alter the fit plus they are pretty fragile.
For some reason, these make a terrible noise on our new tile. The felt is thick, which I found rather promising. Unfortunately, it's also very hard, so I'm thinking these were doing the opposite of protecting my floors. I would return them if I hadn't already ruined them by sticking them on all of our chairs before having to pull them back off. During the removal process, I did find that the adhesive works better than most felt pads I've tried...I just wish the pads were softer and less like mini Brillo pads.
Slow to get here, a bit subjective on letter mix and have a nuisance level memory if they get bent making it necessary to exercise some real care using them.
It works, but it only last for a month or so and you have to do it again.
Installed fine. No leaks or anything, but the water that comes out of this smells and tastes heavily of plastic. 8 months later, still plastic. I have to run it for 10 seconds or so before it's drinkable.
Cracking within a year of purchse
Used to mount irrigation pipe clamps up in oak trees. Occasionally break while driving, almost always break if need to back out.
I installed these and one of the pair fell off in less than a week .The.top of bolt was not sufficiently embedded in the silicon .It looks like they should be decent quality.I don't know if I got a rare lemon or if this is common
This was not a good use of the money I spend. Very low light intensity, even when there was bright sunlight during the day . I use this to illuminate a tree trunk, which hardly make much difference.
The metal piece in the middle keeps popping out the plastic. That means I have to keep flipping the washer over and tapping the metal thing back into place. What a pain.
Purchased 11/17 and now bulb stopped syncing and will not respond. Tried all the help guidelines in the app and the company is not responding. Now out of time to return for a replacement. For over $20.00 for a lightbulb I would expect it to function more than 8 months. Have had two bulbs now fail. Just waiting for the rest to die and will try a different brand and hope for better results.
Burnt out the fastest I've ever seen. In wattage, Amp or free style it just burnt out fast.
DIM! They work, but don't produce much light. We have 3 of them in a ceiling fan, and although they are on, it is dim enough that I wouldn't read under them. Looking for replacements.
Well, after trying to Install myself.. Thinking I wasn't doing something correctly (fan won't turn on) contacted electrician who looked at it.. Everything was wired correctly. Fan blade switch was bad.. So.. Amazon got another 15 out of me. So much for refurbished merchandise actually being checked before sent out.. Update pending on switch install. WON'T BUY REfURB AGAIN
This box would work well if you do not use it outside and do not have to open it again after your initial installation. I have had mine outside for nearly a year and there are 4 issues with it: 1) The screws are not rustproof! Since this is supposed to be a "waterproof" box it doesn't help if the screws used almost immediately start to rust after getting wet. The 4 screws are also counter sunk into top of box. This allows water to sit in the screw holes if you mount this flat like the picture shows. 2) The screws thread into the plastic itself. If you need to open and close this somewhat frequently you are likely to strip the plastic threads. 3) You are likely to lose the screws since the screws do not stay attached to the lid when opening the box like some other boxes. 4) Box is starting to yellow after being out in sun for almost year. Would look into BUD Industries boxes which use hinges and clamps instead of screws.
We were excited to add this product to our kitchen island. The color and features were exactly what we needed. A few weeks ago, screws started to fall out of the socket. One screw broke causing the cap to be loose. Also, the pop up socket is hard to engage upward; needing lots of pressure to pull up. I would like the item replaced, but the seller doesn't have that option listed as an option for this product at this time. The item is 9 months old. I'm very disappointed in the quality of the product. Save your money! Purchase a product with a good warranty and an electronic pop up open/close feature.
Smaller then expected... super cheap looking !
Wooden base was warped. Tea light holders are crooked so candles sit in there at an angle.
Blurry, not as bright as they make it seem.
Arrived quickly, yeah! Didn't matter wouldn't thread on correctly. Rethreaded it and 5 months later it broke. Save yourself some time and energy, spending more might save alot of frustration.
Product is as in description.
The manufacturing process partially missed some of the metal when they painted it. Otherwise its ok.
The adhesive on these is terrible
I was happy until it discolored.
Broke very easily. But was true to the no mess part!
Didn't work like it says...the water is hot enough to burn your skin but the wax didn't melt. To me this was a waste of money so I won't buy it again.
Ordered 2 boxes so far 1 switch stopped working I had to replace it.
bought this for my vera plus but it dont work....Cant say its a bad switch but not for me
On first attempt to pull the cord the clip on the stick broke
These are pretty enough, but the cords have switches instead of dimmers.
didnt last very long. Cracked within a couple of months
Liked this bulb at first, but it failed 6 months after purchase -- and we use it only 1 or 2 hours per day. One night it started blinking rapidly -- no more steady light. Very disappointed, considering the price paid. :-( Note that I heard back from the seller a couple days after first posting this review, and s/he said they'd send me a replacement -- so I'm raising the review from 1 star to 2. However, I've not received the replacement, I don't know when it will be here, and I *still* can't recommend the product -- from other reviews, it appears that the failure rate is just too high.
The grounding strap that came with this item was not the same as shown in the photo for this product. Instead it was a short S shaped ground strap and would not work for my GE dryer. Item was returned.
Had to send back because it didn't work.
The glue did not hold anything, the hook fell as soon as any weight was ut on it. Very disappointing
I would have given this a better rating however the kit came without the bulbs. I had to pay another $40 for bulbs. I have a friend that purchased the same kit and the bulbs came packed in the lights. I contacted Amazon and was told that it says there are no bulbs included and that I can send them back. That was all well and good but I already had them installed by then. . I have read over the information about the kit but I see nothing that says not included. The lights were great but I would recommend trying to get a kit that includes bulbs.
Minimal for the price. Didn't make it through our winter but I guess you get what you pay for.
Light worked wonderfully for about a year, and then partially failed where about 1/4th of the bulbs were randomly lit, and the other 3/4s of them failed. I'm guessing overheated drivers.
The Champagne Pink is more like beige. Disappointed.
I used these to hang a strand of Christmas lights but they kept falling off the wall. I tried a 2nd time with new adhesive strips and hooks and same result. Might have been too much weight but....they're lights. Not that heavy.
Doesn't stay attached to the toilet.
Amazingly bright! Lights up the area with daylight brightness. Once you are 3 feet from the motion detector. I had to wired my old motion / daylight detector in to the circuit. I found you get what you pay for! A Very Bright Light, very poor motion detection. Would not recommend especially if you are wanting to use it for security lighting
I love the long hose and the amount of pressure coming from the wand. Also being able to turn it off when not in use. I have a German shepherd and it does a pretty good job and getting her coat wet and clean. The adapter however does not work with keeping it on and switching from wand to shower head there is no pressure coming from my shower head, so whenever I don't use the wand I take the adapter off.
only 20ft and for some reason stops working at times have to unplug it and then reconnect it
Light was very weak.
Cute, but the roll is so small not worth the money.
This sink looks great and was a good price, but it is not constructed or engineered properly - the water barely runs towards the drain. I would like to replace it, but I had it attached to my granite and paid a plumber to hook it up. I have to clean it daily to get the food out of it. Very disappointed.
I love the faucet but the off position for the handles is forwards. You turn them outwards to the sides to turn it on and off, the opposite of other faucets. Major design flaw.
One works and the other one does not work. What should I do?
I bought this to hang Christmas lights in a tree and the length seemed ideal. It was doing its job perfectly fine until it started extending to its full length. Once it's fully extended, the handle portion of it is not all strong that strong. It started bending and by the time I was done it was no longer telescopic into the last section so I now have a bent 10' or so pole I need to store to take the lights back down. To use it at it's full length, the purpose you're buying it for presumably, it's pretty much a one time use product. It's probably best suited for much lighter duty applications.
Work great for the first few weeks. Nice and bright. Then after third time charging, it wouldn't complete the charge cycle. Now it only last a few days instead of a week.
i have purchased 70 lights and many are already going bad
Product did not work and when I returned they kept 20% of the original price. Even that came after almost 1 month later after prompting them and Amazon. STAY AWAY from this company.
These cargo door locks were very disappointing. They are cheaply made and not strong enough to do any good whatsoever.
I LOVE the way these look they're so cute, BUT the place where the batteries go is broken so I have have to struggle when I turn it on and off. But they looks super cute.
These look great and had they all stayed together would've been 5 stars 3 of our 15 broke while installing! So I currently don't have any on the cabinets above my fridge 😅 These are great but you do have to be VERY careful when installing them! Becuase the screw piece with snap off!
It DOES lean!! I had read other reviews about it leaning, but decided to take a chance in hopes that the manufacturer had their ducks in a row by now. Not so! Instead of going through the hassle of a return, I fixed the lean myself with some adjustments. I did give it two stars though instead of one because it is sturdy and solid. It was extremely simple to put together. The design is elegant and easily holds six large stockings and the metal is of good quality. I would have given it five stars if the manufacturer would fix the leaning issue and stop producing and selling a defective product in mass!
The color is great, the issue I have is when I turn the bulb off it flashes while their off, I bought the 2 pk and tried the other one and it flashes also, it's very annoying I would send them back but it's more of an issue to pack them up go to ups and drop them off, not satisfied with this product.
This one that looks silver is really a very vivid blue
I wanted a short extension cord and the USB ports were an added benefit. However, most of my electrical plugs are polarized and it isn't. They won't fit correctly. Anything with a neutral (larger) blade has to be forced in and often works its way out. Why would anyone sell these any more? Unfortunately, I waited too long to return it; but maybe this will help others considering it. If it were polarized or if my plugs were not, it would be fine.
Quality is very bad. Original part lasted for 5 years. These are breaking in the same manner after 3-4 months.
These are not the best quality, and for almost $50 a set, I really expected more. Wouldn't recommend
Short and sweet - they work perfectly and have some of the most amazing colors. But they do not get very bright and for this I had to return them.
The light bulbs are smaller than I expected. The bulbs are dim. I can't use these. Not bright enough
Was not the right size for my filter. Description says 3" inside diameter. It is 4"
While locks and keys work, they arrived dull, scuffed, loose and completely outside of original packaging, as the package arrived cut open inside of the mailing envelope. This was very upsetting to receive since I paid for a "new" item that arrived in a way that showed it being anything but new. Ordered a previous set with no issue, but will definitely look elsewhere in the future if this is the delivery service they give customers.
The product itself was decent quality. It worked well with adhering my new carpeting to my boat. HOWEVER, The shipping was a disaster. The lid had no mechanical seal and had simply popped loose causing a large amount of the adhesive to coat the inside of the shipping envelope and the entire outside of the container. It's a miracle that I didn't lose that much of the product and was still able to complete the project.
I was looking for a super bright book light, but this was not it. On its brightest setting it's not bright enough for me.
It states "Built-in high sensitivity mic", but there is no built-in mic. This is probably just bad chinese to english translation, but still kind of disappointing to find that there is no built-in microphone. You will need to use your phone's microphone for this feature. Other than that, the happy lighting app works well and even includes a schedule section to turn it on and off whenever you want automatically.
Had this light for 6 weeks before I decided that it was defective. Too late to return it and can't find a number for customer support. Bought two at the same time. First one wasn't very bright and would blink off and on by itself. I had been having some wifi problems with the 2.4g channel, so I thought that that was causing problems with the lamp. My ISP replaced the wifi router and I'm still having problems with the lamp. Today I plugged in the second lamp and it works without any problems and is much brighter. Dumb me - it took 6 weeks to figure out that the the first lamp was bad and now I'm stuck with it. The second lamp works well and I'm happy with it but since quality control and customer service is non-existent, I don't recommend this product.
Broke after a year. Disappointing.
Poorly packaged styrofoam was all tore up inside but the box was in great shape. Dents and scratches on the chrome from the crystals, one Crystal was broken, the hoops to hang the crystals we're smashed, had to use extra pieces to Jimmy rig it to fix it. The crystal droplets were in cheap tiny boxes that were all garbage because they allowed the crystals out of their boxes to break and tear up the chrome. It's not made to fit U.S standard fixtures. Does not have a ground wire had to make my own. Plus it doesn't come with light bulbs. The only reason I gave it an extra star because it looks great once you get pass all of the other stuff. Do not recommend this light if you want something for diy electrical and someone that expects to have a light without damage. The only reason I didn't return it is because I put so much time in to it and I was to mad to take it down.
Very poor longevity for an LED bulb - about 1 year using at night.
Bought these but they aren't a clear photo, a almost painted scene.
Followed the instructions, let cure for 5 days, Now drooping about 10 degrees.. wanted to contact the seller to get a adhesive reload but no way to do that
This is not Honeywell brand, as I thought from product description. I would not have paid this much for an off brand filter as there are far better deals.
The lights are rather dim and one of them the motion sensor doesn't work. I would return but I can't get them off my cabinets. The best thing about them us the adhesive. I'm quite disappointed. Good for a night light but not adding lots of light to a darker area.
Would have been a great inexpensive replacement for my GE burners. However, the prong attachments were too short and therefore did not seat properly.
I am not happy with this at all. I bought this to display a glass memorial figure. The figure will not stay on the stand for more than an hour. It appears the vibration from the rotation is too harsh. In addition, the stand gets incredibly hot. It may be okay for periodic use but not continuous use that I wanted for our memorial piece. I am looking for something to replace this.
My order for this hooks but what I received it's another type and 6 back, I contacted amazon and refund without to return what they wrongly send Thank you amazon
I loved this safe for the first 2 years i had it. Used biometric entry twice a month to access my pistol to go to the range. Worked great for 2 years but this week it quit being able to read my fingerprint. For the price I would expect this to last many more years than it has. Cant afford to buy a new one so now will just have to used button/code entry (so basically it now acts as the cheaper (non biometric) version of this model).
I don't expect this to last forever but the feature that I got these for stopped working- the main plugs work but on all the outlets I bought went out at the same time. Not very good product since they both went out at the same time- unless I missed the fine print that says they will all go out at the same time.
purchased in June and it was working fine. Sept 14th I it was working and today it stopped and my warranty ran out Sept. 3rd. Just my luck. ugh
It worked well for a few uses but then it started to smell like burnt electronics. It also overheated before it burned up. I would not buy this particular product again. It was unsafe and unreliable.
This product has its likes and dislikes the pressure of the shower head is good with only 3 settings but it is made out of plastic. The cable it came with however is already falling apart and it hasn't even been a month yet if I were you I would look elsewhere for a shower head
I bought this because it's what I could afford. The water head is able to turn all the way around so you have to be careful not to turn it so it pours water all over your counter. When you shut the water off it continues to run for a few seconds and then drips for a few more seconds. I wouldn't recommend this.
I bought two packages of these bulbs. They got here fast. I was hoping for a much better effect. I bought two from another company that looked way better than these in their effect. Small flicker and way to red. Not the flame color you would expect. They work but not up to my expectations. I wouldn't buy these is your looking for a real flame effect.
My light switch was working perfectly for 5 months with my Alexa. Now both the Alexa and the Smart Life app cannot connect to the light switch. It still works if I press the physical button. Trying to troubleshoot this problem but not finding any answers on it using the Light switches brand name nor the App name and the app has a disappointing lack of a helpful faq section.
The plate is not deep enough and the switch prevents the cover from being flush.
They work but Whirlpool has poorly designed these lights they burn out too quickly
Works great but was too loud even on the softest setting for my installation. I'll be returning the product.
I did not realize I only had thirty days to return this product. I bought it to replace a broken lock. This turned out to be the wrong size. How to I contact amazon to see if they would extend the return date.
No instructions or owners manual provided... Have to return though it was meant for a Christmas gift as I am not sure how they will ever get it to function... I have tried to download owners manuals and nothing will download
Expensive and doesn't seem to really make a difference.
Doesn't come with a plug. you have to buy at least one and wire it up. Two of the light were cracked upon receipt. Only came with three mounting brackets, you need at least 12 for four lights. I did wire them up and surprisingly they do work. I do not expect them to last long. I am going to try to keep them for now. Would not buy again. Too lazy to send them back though lol.
Tape did not hold up , screen is to heavy for 3/4" tape with 1/2" velcro needed to tack up
Screws keep coming undone but falls apart.... have to retighten screws and stop working every 10 mins
Bulbs work great except 1 of them already went out! It's been 2 days and it doesn't work.
My return was accepted and I am grateful.
I ordered the bulb but was sent shooting targets for guns instead. A refund was given (only reason for 2 stars), but obviously the shooting targets did not kill bacteria in my water system.
I would not reccommend this to anyone ever. The assembly is very tedious and the fact that everything is held together by double-sided tape means that everything was popping off as I tried to assemble other parts. For what I paid and how it looks, it's fine. Mine doesn't rotate like it's supposed to (probs because it's cheap) which was a large let down. It will make for a fine nightlight, but is otherwise garbage.
Used it on my Mahogany kitchen counter and it really made it dull and didnt seem to leave much of a protective coat vs other Tung oils Ive used.
The water valves come with new filters already installed. The filters are plastic and can be removed and cleaned and reused.
I used this on several apple cables and found that the black compound feels and attaches like a play dough. It has cracks, it does not stick well, it has been on the cable for about 10 days but i feel it wont last another 10 days. White compound somehow feels and fits better.
no way to mound it... do not recommend it
Very bright but only lasted 5 months. Don't waste your money
Does not blend with screen at all
Can I please get my invoice for the product please
There is nothing "clap clap" about this. More like "clap - count to 5" clap again, hope, disappointment, wait for it to reset, try the same thing again, and it'll work. My wife loathes it. The 'settings' you can control are worthless. Garbage product. Go with another clapper
I'm on my third. They run and don't pump water.
Work well in the house but did not transmit over 300 feet.
The smart work properly with Google assistant. However, they don't have white light as the manufacturer described. The other colors such as red blue green is too much blue and dim even I turned the brightness to 100%. Moreover, the yellow light is extremely bright with 1% brightness. It's not comfortable to use in room.
This shower head combo is a very basic one. Nothing fancy and it does the job. The only thing is the water restriction seems slowed down the water a little. Not significantly slow. For the price, it is good.
Really liked the taste and filtration of this filter but it's just continued to leak all over our refrigerator. Sending it back!
I like the style of the product and construction is fair on it .... however The write up is miss leading , it does not come with a lampshade ... The red and black is the color of the base only . So be prepared you're going to have to look for the shade on your own
Paid double for this compared to what I could find at my local hardware store. I wanted the true replacement vs a universal one. If I had known it was only going to last 9 months I would have just bought a universal one. This is junk. My original on my storm door lasted almost 10 years. I didn't even get 1 year out of this. Save your money and look elsewhere
I assumed night lights were lights that could be left on all night so that there would be a constant light whenever a child or adult got up. These run down to extremely dim after just a few hours. Perhaps I misunderstood the description. These MUST be flipped on AFTER you get up. Very bright, but not practical for my situation.
I'm disappointed in this product. I installed this on some light weight sliding screen doors, but after not too long of a time period the magnet cracked and became unglued from the base piece. Also, the screw holes of the smaller half of the set are too small for the provided screws and they do not fit flush. I needed to file the heads of the screws down in order for them to be flush and have the two halves actually connect with each other.
Too yellow for soft white. Otherwise great price and great quality product.
Shower arm seems cool, but they forgot to send the black flange. Now i have to track down the correct size locally, bc my old flange wont fit, and spray paint it black. A headache not worth it.
Water doesn't drain well, screen mesh is too tight.
We bought two units, about 18months ago, we had to return one immediately because would not stop dripping all day long. Then my mothers started dripping last week. We checked the on-line FAQ about turning the temp down etc. The only way to stop the dripping is to go out and buy another dispenser for $150. The other one that was replaced is still working fine. But I really wouldn't recommend purchasing this product.
I do not care for this, the bulb burned out as soon as I pluged it in. The bars are very easily bendable which could possible lead to breaking. Cool idea but could rethink the basket that holds the rocks and would most likely be a great product.
I really liked the photo for the listing of this lamp. What I got is quite different in my opinion. The base for this globe is not tapered as seen in the photo. Additionally, the paint is more matt brown than the glossy dark brown. There is also a very pronounced copper colored striped on the one I received. It's really not that difficult to take a decent pic of the item you are sending! The globe looks great (the main reason I bought this light). Will have to think about sending back as what was sent is not as elegant looking as what's pictured.
Nope. Programming does not seem to 'stick'. So noisy I can't use it at night or it will wake me up. When it turns on it shakes the wall and something continues to rattle the whole time it's on (sounds like someone is using an electric sander on a wall). The air does not feel warm and it seems to take forever to heat up a room. The small bedroom and bathroom heaters without thermostat blow this one out of the water and were a fraction of the price. I hate this thing.
Okay i was thinking since it was over $30.00 it would be a little more sturdy. The glass ball is so fragile I feel like it will break in any second.. the base is the CHEAPEST plastic the manufacturer could of used ((FLIMSY)) I feel like this was a free toy from Dave and Busters... BUY A DIFFERENT ONE
Leaks a lot at all joints even if I use plumber's tape.
The brush is reusable if you clean if after but only for a couple times. The tray is very flimsy. The handle will make you hand blue if you get it wet so be aware.
Product came scratched. Which when closer to product does a lot for how the 3d image is supposed to look.
These worked well for 3 months but one by one they quit working. Now all 4 have quit working and changing batteries didn't help. Since they all failed pretty much the same time, maybe a design issue? Guess I'll take them apart to see if I can fix them before throwing them away.
The Power Supply box that is attached to the cord brings the lights off of what you stick them to because it is to heavy. The remote also has no simple instructions that make sense. I couldn't get the lights up even when I tried to nail it to the wall trough the holes on the control box, so I ended up putting them on the bottom of my dresser. The lights then selves aren't to bad the colors are vibrant, but the adhesive on the back isn't that strong.
Absolutely no return policy, horrible service.
Used as a clear coat to fix my faded headlight issue. After sanding, and spraying the headlight lens, it looked great, until... the second coat when it 'spider-webbed' VERY badly. The can says to wait 5 min. between coats but the paint shop told me you really need to wait at least 20 min. between coats.
Product allows you to use hand held and shower head together. (Awesome feature). Down side is it started leaking after 2 days from the back and is very loose.
Disappointed in the quality. I purchased two spouts, the rubber seal is very thin so you have to get it seated perfectly or it will pinch and tear like mine did. The other spout cracked in the middle when it was bent slightly to fit into gas tank. In the end I was able to make one good one out of two. It works but now I feel like I have to baby it every time I use the gas can. Doubt it will hold up since this all happened on my first day using them.
I purchased this to go with the lockset also made by the same manufacture. This handle does NOT come with screws. The screws included in the lockset made by the same manufacturer are NOT long enough to hold the handle to the set, so it IS important to have the longer screws. I can NOT install this handle to my sliding glass door without going to a big box store and paying extra for screws. Why are there no photos of the product packaged, so we can see if it comes with screws or not when we order? I bought this on Amazon to save time and a long drive. I ordered Amazon Prime to get it immediately. Now I have to make the long drive to the hardware store and hope I can hunt down the screws with the proper threading to have a handle on my door. I not only saved no time at all, I'm going to spend more money as well. POST A PHOTO of the product in the packaging you are selling, so we can see if it SHOULD have screws. I have no clue if the screws were omitted from my package accidentally, or it wasn't supposed to come with any. According to the questions, answered back in 2014, this comes with screws. There are no screws, and no photos that show whether there should be screws or not in the package. This is a completely unacceptable product listing. 2 stars because the handle is sturdy and appears well made. I don't really know, because I can't install it.
At first I loved this wallpaper. It was a little difficult to install alone and line up the pattern correctly so I would recommend at least two people. Unfortunately the paper doesn't want to stay on the wall so I had to get an additional spray adhesive (yes, I cleaned the wall before application). Even after adding the adhesive, the seams have started to separate as other people have experienced. It's a shame because it really is beautiful wallpaper.
We bought the daylight type. Going back. Just my opinion but way too WHITE a light for my living room. Prefer a more calming effect in that room. Will be trying a warmer tone next time.
Just the wrong way to patch a whole. Looks great on paper only. The plastic support ring it too thick. You'll wind up having to take it off, sand, prime and paint anyway. There are better ways.
Unfortunately these did not work as they said they would so I am out on the money and couldn't return. Kind of cheesy.
We ordered two of these. One of them didn't work so we requested a replacement. The replacement arrived in a timely manner but it didn't work either.
This case does NOT support the new magnetic/charging pencil so am returning. Decent quality and nice color case (rose) though.
Brakes easily. Pieces can't be attached securely to each other, I've lost half of it while doing wall fish and using it in attic and crawlspace.
The copper sheet arrived packaged wrapped in bubble wrap, in a padded envelope. Unfortunately the packaging was inadequate to prevent damage. Two corners of the sheet were bent, one folded almost completely back on itself. The company needs to package better to prevent damage.
They don't stay in the description that this only works on 2.4GHz Wi-Fi. It would not connect even through I have both 2.4 and 5.
This was not incredibly difficult to install, but at the same time it wasn't easy enough to make it worth doing every few months. Had one that lasted about four months and this one I believe I got six out of...
Three of the bolts holding the fan to the shroud were stripped, the louvers do not function well and the fan is not balanced well and vibrates when operational. Not a very quality product. I should mention that I bought two of these. One of them is better than this one, but still not terribly high quality.
Beware.... the picture is backwards. Don't purchase this if you are looking for the baffle shown.
These aren't an expensive set to buy, but they are VERY expensive to keep. Each light uses 3 AAA batteries and the batteries don't last more than a few days when only using the lights part-time at night. The batteries are easy to install and really expensive when replaced so often, but the back plate is difficult to reattach properly. All in all, there are many better options out there.
I bought a set of 4 with a plan to buy 8 more for my pool area. When I got the lights, I let them charge for 2 days under Florida sun. I installed the lights by the pool with same sun exposure. I turned all for lights on using mode 2 (Dim + motion). The first night all 4 lights came on and they looked beautiful. However, two of the lights went out after ½ an hour in Dim mode (no motion was applied), while the other 2 stayed on in Dim mode for about 4 hours. I changed the location of the two lights, let them charge and the same thing happened. Now after 3 nights, I feel that the two faulty lights have an issue. Now I put the purchase of the additional 8 on hold pending the resolution of the issue
Did not work well, they just got bent and the furniture was not very heavy.
These were too glossy for for my need. Returned them
I would not recommend these. They fell from the wall the second night.
Heat. Florida heat claimed my first chair in less than a year.
All this unit is is a plastic dimmer. I been messing with this for 90 mins it doesn't connect to wifi it doesn't connect to blue tooth. Of course I threw away all the packaging so I'm stuck with a dimmer which I coulda got for $7
Super cute, but I'm spending a fortune on batteries. Skip this one and find a different one that plugs into the wall!
I installed these to keep my speaker wires on the walls for my surround system. They worked great at first, but then after a few days, they slowly started falling off. Eventually I just put the old school ones that involves Nails. Oh well.
Did a great job at motion detection at first.. now they stay on all the time with or without any motion. They are very bright tho and have a good range.
These bulbs were not able to melt the wax in my wax warmer.
One lamp came with some type of dried goo on the top of the base, gross and doesn't come off. The other came with an extremely poorly made shade. You get what you pay for... Love the size and amount of light.
Wasn't what I expected
Ridiculously overpriced. These things are paper thin. Might as well not be on the wrist rest at all. I could get a $5 belkin gel wrist rest that surpasses the quality of these things by a long shot. Returning these and making a custom solution. I still need the built in wrist rest for the tent kit.
When I moved into my apartment, the bulb that had been in the refrigerator lasted four years. And my landlords don't like to spend money. THIS bulb lasted about 12 months. In a *refrigerator*. Unacceptable.
I purchased this item to replace a cosmetically similar toilet paper roller that was showing signs of age. When I went to install it, I was shocked at the poor quality of the new holder (pictured on the left) compared to the older one (pictured on the right). Note the lack of bushings which causes the holder to squeak as it moves. The finish is quite poor (supposedly brushed nickel) and the wall plate also lacks reinforcement. Overall, pretty disappointing. So I decided to repair the old holder instead.
I bought two, both failed in less than a year.
If you are not planning to install this in the studs, don't buy it. Even using drywall anchors, all 3 of these in my house fell out within a week of install. I have to now go back, do drywall repair and reinstall them into the studs. They look nice, however not well made anchors.
The box the coat rack came in was beaten up, and it came with no hardware or screws! Luckily the hubby has some that will work, but honestly I should send it back. I read reviews after I received it and saw a lot of other people also received no hardware. Wish I would have read those before purchasing.
It worked perfectly fine for 11 months and 3 weeks.
Looks nice in my small living room, really liked it till the button broke after using for a few days. Now I have to plug in/out to turn it in/off.
I like this product, but Amazon shipped it to my house in folded cardboard. The product was cracked on both sides. Amazon shipped me a replacement, but it showed up the same way. Very frustrated.
The older one that this was supposed to replace was far better at cleaning and polishing. Disappointed with product!
Initially thought it was going to be a decent reading light, but soon discovered the lighting was much too dim to actually be able to use for reading.
This is a waste of money. You still have to clean paint gun and these bags make ZERO DIFFERENCE AND ARE ONLY AN ADDITIONAL STEP TO DEAL WITH. ITS NOCE TO BE ABLE TO SQUEEZE OUT THE LEFT OVER PAINT BUT YOU CAB ACHIEVE THIS WITH A STIR/MIX STICK OR RUBBER SPAT.
Mounting hardware is double stick tape which gave out shortly after mounting. Power button is located awkwardly. doesn't hold a charge as expected, though it is very bright. Overall there are better similar items available at the same cost
I was looking to replace the lights in my office with LEDs that were brighter than the original bulbs I had. I got these to try out, and they were not bright enough. I could see these being mood lights in a lamp or something, but not as an overall room light.
did not fit very well. it seemed too narrow for my door track. I had to hammer it on using a block of wood. because it was only 4 foot long I had to cut and fit the second piece on. I attached using silicone caulk. After a couple of days had to take it off and throw away because the cap was popping up at the seam and on the ends. When the door roller would hit the seam it would stick and the track started to pop off. If you are going to try this repair be sure to get the 8 foot section so you don't have a seam.
Sent me the wrong kind of bulbs
Knobs were quite beautiful. But one of the four knobs was disconnected from its support and was unusable. The company was unresponsive to my email
Last membrane like this one lasted only 2 months. Clogs in no time. Will not purchase this one again. Poor quality.
The motion sensor is super sensitive. I cover a half of sensor to reduce the detectable ranges but still it detect movement so well.. and It turns light on morning too.
Suction would keep the bulb on long enough to allow the product to do its work. Since it would stay attached it is impossible to say that it was anything but easy to remove.
Didn't work well. Very cheaply made.
Wow this is super thin and cheap. I mean, I guess it would work once if that's all you needed. Save your time and money and get a mixing tray from a brick and mortar home improvement store.
Product came with damaged corners, is not the easiest to cut straight. Got the job done but not pretty
Delivery delayed and lids not tight so some of the product spilled
Seems to be the perfect solution but flickers in a vey distracting way.
I returned this product because it came with cheap plastic parts. It didn't even provide the necessary hookups that it said they provided. I actually broke one of the fittings trying to hook it up rendering it useless. I should've researched a little more and spent a little more money.
Came in on time but didn't receive a remote so can not turn on
Looks very cheap. Smudges easily, dents and dings show up instantly, has a cheap shine, and does not resemble photo well. I had high hopes, but ended up having to buy the more expensive ones. Additionally, these are the same size as the normal plastic ones, which was an advantage for one outlet that was too close to the tile -- the only outlet that I used it in. You get what you pay for, and if you want your outlets to look classy, this will not suffice, I assure you!
I installed these lights outside on each side of my garage with the sensor setting and 1 of them stopped working after 2 months..
This is a nice light. Installation SUCKS! would have been 3 1/2 - 4 stars. Did I mention installation SUCKS!?
This bulb gets used a max of a hour a month. Yes it works, and its dimmable, but after almost 2 years, even on 100 brightness it flickers lit a bad strobe light. You have been warned!
Smaller than I expected, but cute
Faucet aerator is jammed shut, and won't open. Even used towels and pliers so it wouldn't scratch, but not budging. I didn't over-tighten either. Also, I should have kept the drain I had before. This one isn't as pictured (much smaller push-down lid), and leaks after multiple times reinstalling.
Doesn't really keep the water cold water comes out very slow wish we would have got a bigger one
The base of the dogs came broken, and the tail in one dog was also broken. It's a shame because the product is beautiful
Lock looks fine and easy to set combination. I was disappointed in that the shaft only goes in about a 1/4 inch. Real easy to break this lock open. Thought I was buying a good lock based on the rating and comments. My mistake. This was for my storage unit. It doesn't feel secure.
It looks nice but it is smaller than the photo look, and the amount of light was not adequate, it feels like flash light
Very plain, looks nothing like the picture. Doesn't even look like real walnut.
This is rather poor quality; the outer shell that 'sits' on the post is really thin crappy metal that cracked with the slightest tension from the screws. In addition, the glass panels fit rather loosely and do not sit securely in their 'slots'. I would definitely not recommend this item.
We can hear the noise (on/off) from anywhere in our house (up-stair and down-stair). I bought this for my 84 years old Dad who forget to turn off the water. It works just fine but the noise wakes us up in the middle of the night. Looks like the on-off sound is traveling through the water pipe not by the air.
very flimsy and do not cover the actual stove plates very well. Shipped in a small envelope so they ended up all bent and crushed. save your money and choose something else
Maybe it was me, but the instructions were difficult to understand. By the time I figured it out, I had a sticky wad of rubber and was forced to throw them out.
Installed by licensed plumber and worked fine for 2 months. After that, this spout leaked water from both ends. This is a slip on so seems like a seal failure from copper pipe to spout. Not a typical Moen product. Also diverter does not stop water from coming out spout. 50% to shower 50% through spout.
I found the adjustment angle insufficient to meet my needs
This plug will work ok if it's very near to your router. Otherwise, in places where my phone would get wifi, this plug would not get the signal. That is why I am giving it 2 stars. Also, only works with 2.5GHz networks.
Very very low range. You have to be a minimum of a foot away for this to work. It's labeled as 20' but it actually isn't even close to that.
This looks better in the pictures than it does in real time. Most people would look at it and ask what it was. I decorate for Halloween and usually go all out.. so everyone knew it was in relation to that but they couldn't make out what it was until I told them. I wouldn't buy again,
Cheaper than you would expect. It's just a paper cover. I sent mine back
Plastic but looks good and easy to install. I installed 2 and water still drips out of nozzle, although not as much as pull up diverted it replaced.
Lamp shade doesn't fit properly to base, it's like a piece is missing
These lights are not very bright. For one closed needed to use all 3!
Thought this was hollow from the image shown, but turned out to be solid. I needed something with a little give and this being solid did not provide that.
Two out of six worked and those two fell off the wall. I wanted to put motion lights in every room of my Panama home but this was a huge fail.
They emit a weird buzzing sound. I have them in my range hood so it kind of bugs me when I'm cooking.
Shitty product, i mean what did you expect?
It never charged so could never use. They sent expired batteries. I contacted Customer Service and they never replied.
I gave this product a couple of twos only because I assume it would work if I could get it to stick. Unfortunately, the Velcro squares provided would not remain stuck to each other (for me).
It's hard to explain but the functionality seems lame. I didn't understand if it did all it said was supposed to do. I just wasn't happy with it and returned it.
Could not get this to work, even though it was exact part number. We were able to bypass the speed so the fan runs only on low.
I waited quite awhile to get these and I was really excited when they finally arrived today. Putting them together is very easy but on BOTH lamps the antlers were snapped off! On the first one, just one antler in the back, and on the second one two of them were snapped off. The hassle of wrapping everything and humping it down to the local UPS does not appeal to me. So, I guess I will just suck it up and get some Gorilla glue and hope I can reattach the broken bits. What would be REALLY nice is if Ashley, or whomever, sent me two new lamp bodies. What really sucks is that these are for a guest studio I am doing up and my guests are scheduled to arrive on 15th December.
Light works okay....but is too short for my needs....takes 'special' bulb.
One of the plug of the four does not work, I don't want to send all four back, just need them to replace the one that's broken... What to do?
These lights are hard to open & close / turn off and on. I doubt they will work under water. I purchased similar underwater lights in the past and was dissapointed that the quality of these was not higher.
I do not trust these detectors. One seems to be operational but the other never stops being lit and goes through batteries in about two days. I do not trust my life to these smoke & CO detectors. I will replace with another American made brand.
The seller was great, delivered early, the teeth aren't real good, I paid $60 for these at the dealer and they were $30 here but the teeth were not good quality, the length of the teeth new is not much more than what I generally take off and throw away so they are cheaper through the dealer if you figure the life of the teeth.
Magnet works great. One washer was damaged, another missing. Plastic stripped where you tighten it. I do not consider that to be good condition.
I was super excited to get these. Then I hung them and and was instantly disappointed. They do NOT STICK AT ALL. So now I have LED strips that are hanging all the wall with packing tape. It is not a clean look and I hate it.
Product felt very cheap, light and metal was very thin. It didn't include any pop up drain or water connection line. It had no brand anywhere on it . Looks great though.
The effect is not as intense as I had thought, or remembered, but then again, if you can remember the 60's, you were doing it wrong. Further efforts at mind expansion will require much more wattage.
Guys these are not great. I wanted something that I could insert in the ground & it lays flush to ground but these solar lights are not very bright. I know I purchased ‘new' lights, however when I got them, two were pretty scratched up. Other reviewers remarked they don't last, so I am prepared for the worst. I would not buy these again.
I now have to replace it again. Was very easy to install
Nice for storing paintball or airsoft guns. This cabinet is more of a high school locker material. I could dent the door in if I really wanted to get inside it.
Lasted just a few days. Lights only stay on for an hour or two. Some only worked the initial night
Pole diameter only about 1 inch. I have a another pole lamp that is about 1.5 in. in diameter and looks much sturdier and better. Difficult to screw pieces into each other and pole doesn't stand straight. Not too sturdy and lamp shade is too short which exposes too much of the bulb base. Would have returned it if I had purchased it in a local store but I would have to pay for return shipping. Disappointed. No pull chain so awkward to put your hand way under shade to turn switch on.
I bought six lightbulbs and by the end of my nine day trip only two were working. I like the concept great for camping but not reliable.
the bulbs are great, but one was broken when we opened the package
Good product concept great when they work.
We used these for the exterior to have the motion sensor turn lights on and off, obviously, that is their intent. The situation we determined is that if you have any such bulbs as these withing forty foot distance from each other, one light activates when it sees a interior light come on, that action then lights the second bulb outside because of the illumination of the first, this continues on and on as one light goes off the other comes on etc etc a endless loop that is only resolved by shutting the power to these bulbs or replacing them with standard bulbs. Someone should have engineered these bulbs in a better fashion
Did not have plug attached
The hardware on one side keeps falling off so one side is unsecured. Very disappointing as the seat has a beautiful design
Had to return / get my money back as the sprayer didn't work.
Typical low quality Chinese crap
One broke within the first two weeks. Hopefully the other one lasts.
This sink is not scratch resistance. In fact, it is very easy to scratch. Seller states not to use rubber mats on bottom of sink because of bacteria build up. I had no choice but to use the rubber mats because of all the scratches in the sink. I didn't put pots or pans in the sink. I was only washing dishes and utensils and still got scratches. Nice looking but can't really use the sink without real gentle care.
Cheaply made. Mirrored glass chips glues to balls. Glass chips already coming off. No sound.
This is loud. (The whizzing or swirling or the motor, makes a noise that is annoying, no way to silence it.)
These aren't very nice overall. I wouldn't buy them again.
I purchased three.. one leaked immediately.. today one of the other began leaking also.. month later the third one started leaking. These are complete garbage.. don;t buy!! not good quality!
Disappointed. The unit is almost all plastic. The hose stiff and cheap looking.
Clogged easily and left me with the same over flowing gutters as before only the clog was outside of the drop instead of inside it.
When I received it. Both the antlers were broke off. I had to super glue them back on
UPDATED REVIEW: Both side light blew out after 5 months of use. Asked company to replace light. They did not sent the wrong light. They sent one that turns on 24/7 with motion, not only at night. Spent $160 on electrician between the two lights in 5 months. Not happy. Original review: I wanted a bright light for my backyard. I work at night and wanted it to come on when I walk up to my back door. It is great. It is very bright and has a wide range. Glad I got it!
Every time I order this product, I get a different lamp. The second time I ordered it, it had a button to increase or decrease the brightness.
The page says Frigidaire by Frigidaire. These are generic knock offs. Might as well buy the $10 ones on Amazon and save the money.
tips over pretty easily and will constantly get tangled if the cord becomes loose in the spool.
Disappointed. It lasted only about 3K hours, nothing close to the advertised 30K hours.
These are not near as bright as I wanted. These are about 1/2 as bright as Christmas lights.
Cool at first, but it sticks on your wall when you pull off the posters.
Whatever I do it won't hook up to my WiFi, other than that it's a cool toy
No as pictured. Only what to open from inside is to unlock.
Ok for price. If you want reliability stick with Ring
overpriced pain in the rear end, YOU MIGHT JUST AS WELL WRAP THE CORD AROUND A TREE
Does not do what it says.
Lights look really great when put up, but don't expect them to last long outside in bad weather. These are supposed to be waterproof bulbs but water has gotten into the bulbs and shorted some of them out. You can't buy replacements so now I'm stuck with a string of lights with missing bulbs.
Disappointed, it came without a remote and one of the candles had batteries already in it and is missing it's battery cover. Must be a used item.
Ordered 3 of these remotes, one would not work at all.
After two months the usb stop charging.
Not made well. Would not buy again. Lights came with a dirty residue on them as well as 3 lights not working. Moved around some light bulbs and it was the actual socket.
Would not sync to had to return it
I really wanted these bulbs to work. They work sometimes. I still have to manage them manually switching on and off. I can't rely on them to do the job without any exceptions. I have another Philips Hue bulb which is a bit expensive and that bulb woks like a charm without any issues. I would rather spend more money and get that bulb. I dont recommend this to anyone. I gave 2 stars because it works sometime.
The clip would not hold to allow me to adjust the position of the light. The clip would pop off of the bed headboard whenever I moved the neck. Also, the light output was dismal, even at the "bright" setting.
The color is too dark for glass
I have just installed it but the spray nozzle is leaking. Can not be stopped. I kindly ask Seller to send me a new spray nozzle (not all parts, only spray nozzle). Pleased to hear.
It's a little misleading there is no bubble that actually moves
Worked ok for the winter. I really liked the magnetic fasteners. They made passing through the doorway easy. It's a little on the thin side, and even though it seemed to provide a decent thermal barrier in the winter, it tore at the edge seam when I was un-velcroing it from the wall. Next year I will have to replace it with a different unit and I will shop for something a little sturdier.
The peep hole viewer arrived neatly packaged, and when I opened it up I was immediately pleased by the good looks of the viewer. However, I was very disappointed to see that the view was blurry. Upon closer inspection I noticed that the outside lens was deeply scratched. I should of returned it , but instead I just tossed it in the trash. I'll just buy one at Home Depot sometime this week.
Could not stop from blinking no matter what I did and now they don't even light
These lights are really cute and bright, but they keep falling off of my mirror. Extra stickies were sent with the package, but those won't stick for long either. The lights are also not as big as I thought they would be. The bulbs are plastic and only a couple of inches in diameter. So pretty small, but still very bright.
Though this product works well, the handle does not fit in the holder as pictured. After several fruitless attempts to keep it in the holder, I ended up using cable wire to tie the handle to the holder, thus reducing it to a fixed overhead shower head, and not a handheld shower head as it was intended to be. So shameful! If the holder is improved upon to serve its original purpose of holding the shower head as and when needed, I will review my review of this product, but until then, please KEEP OFF it!. Hope this helps someone.
Its a good idea in theory, but the straps are very flimsy and not strong enough to keep my 5lb fire extinguisher in place. I tried to return, but the postage is almost as much as the item itself. I will find another use for the straps, but they will not be holding my fire extinguisher.
Both bulbs were bright and functioned as advertised... but for less than 10 months. At that point, after dark they would simply flash on an off (think of a bad bulb on a theater marquee),
I am very disappointed that the color of the white light is a bit yellow, kinda sickly compact fluorescent yellow. This is the most important part of a light! As for the connected home system, it's actually hard for the family to switch over, I am glad it can still work as a normal light, just have to turn off then back on if not using the app. A physical remote switch would have helped the rest of the family who doesn't want to try something new. The smart home system doesn't work for you yet, you have to fit your life around it.
How do you keep the glass ball from rolling off? The lights work as advertised but I thought there would be a recess or small clear ring to keep the glass ball in place. I would give it a higher rating if it had this feature.
Didn't clean grout. Tried several times
It worked good for about a month now the button to turn it on only works about 1/100 times of pressing it. Other than that it's an awesome set up.
Fit perfectly however, it broke again at the hinge already, so now I need to buy another one.
Hit and miss. Sometimes work sometimes not. Adjust too high and it goes off with cars. Too low and it does nothing. Also huge lag on setting changes. Live view has taken as long as 1 minute to connect (which makes it worthless). It isn't my router or wireless system either. Only THIS has problems with my signal. And I DID try their chime pro for upping signal. It didn't work either. I am now rethinking the whole brand. This is not reliable security which in some ways is worse than no security. For the price and PITA installing and so on I think this needs to go back. I'd rather pay 4X the cost for something RELIABLE than something you cannot depend on to work when needed.
Color is fine, fit well in the puck once I removed the lens. Short lifespan, two have died with about 2 months usage.
Attempted to do the manual setup for this manual electrical timer... thinking it would be a simpler setup than a "smart-plug". Not true! The incomplete instructions made setup confusing. For example, once all the manual switches are in place, do you turn-on light and then plug it in OR vise-versa OR just leave the light on? Answer: It didn't work any of these ways, so I returned this purchase.
Unfortunately, after a year and a half this product is going in the garbage. The seat will not stay up when my son and husband are using it. It's not feasible to hold the seat up while using the bathroom so we have to buy a new seat.
The weight is made of plastic, and the length is slightly smaller than the one we were replacing, so it didn't completely stop the water from draining when using the tub.
Product was slightly undersized on a standard 10" circular irrigation system opening. It did not fit, was loose, and shifted around. Ended up putting it in the garbage and trying a different brand, which, by the way, DID fit.
Good concept, poor performance. Little bristles fall out, doesn't fit all vacuums, not worth it.
The light part at the top of the lantern is not secured well to the lantern, so most of the ones that I have purchased have detached after only being outside for < 1 month.
It doesn't stay tight and it leaks and sprays from connection!
I am an avid SmartThings hub owner and developer. This item is definitely not worth the price or headache of ownership. I have had to reset mine several times in one month (the newer version) I continue to have false readings and are not reliable to utilize as presence sensors, especially if you plan to use these to disarm any security features. Troubleshooting and having to reset and pair this product is something that I am familiar with. For the typical homeowner and user who expects this Samsung branded product to seamlessly work with their hub, don't hold your breath. I see the price continuing to come down and I feel there is either a replacement coming or Samsung discontinuing it all together.
So I purchased this anticipating that I wouldn't have to thin paint and be able to spray a nice smooth coat. In order to get a smooth finish though, the Behr paint I was spraying required thinning. If I wanted to thin my paint, I would have just continued to use my $15.99 HF HVLP spray gun. Granted if you don't have a compressor this isn't an option for you. Another point to be made, if you purchase this and think the instructions will help, you're outta luck. One last point of concern is the air coming out is pretty warm. I think that was a factor in the clogging that was happening to me.
When I tightened in the screw, the entire unit popped apart. I put it back together, but it would still come apart easily. There are two internal screws. The bigger one seemed to be of good quality and should last. The smaller one was so thin that I don't have much confidence in it. All ended well because I was able to use the gasket and large screw from this unit to rebuild my original stopper.
Did not work on our 8 year old Frigidaire gallery dishwasher. Annnnd now the return window has closed. Oof. Waste of money...I am fairly certain that the description told me it was the appropriate type. Double check.
Items where received in torn packaging. Some where scratched. They arrived in very poor condition and packaging. There is no way to really contact the seller. Picture show they way items looked when taken out from the box
Measure and remeasure your space. Theirs seemed a bit off. I sent it back. Impossible to fit. Leave plenty of space on the top of the seat. Sizing way off in person.
I ordered 1 3/8-inch items and received 1 1/8-inch items.
One bulb has already died when the power blinked on and off. I've owned them for 2 weeks.
If your walls have even the mildest texture to them, don't bother. I spaced a bunch of these a foot apart from one another and it would not support a run of cat5. Wound up going through 4 packs worth of the sticky tape to get one packs worth of hooks up, and those are slowly falling off one by one. I'm going to try drilling holes through the plastic so I can use nails to secure the hooks, though I wish I'd just spent the money on a cable stapler instead.
Doesn't stay on the wall, keep falling, now it's ruined in 2mo.
Headlights showed up about 9pm. Opened box the next day after work and both lights had been swapped out of their boxes and replaced with some cheap led light.
Barely made it thru 2 out of 4 sections of 5/32 SS Cable. Screw got loose, Blades all damaged, not worth it unless you need to do 1 section and toss it to garbage.
I don't feel that the pitch is right so the water drains but there's always crud in the sink.
I thought this would be a good replacement for a Fluidmaster fill valve used for a automatic pool filler. Within one week the fill valve failed and overfilled the pool. Went back to the reliable Fluidmaster valve.
The puller is handy and very good quality, the stapler is junk and stopped working after a couple of uses.
For another ten bucks go with a better brand I would say. It works but not very bright
Lock was great for about a year. Then the gears or something got stuck, and lock would no longer work after that. Replaced it with a competitor.
Flimsy, cheap, easy to break.. But for the price they work.
cheap version of the original. My advice is to buy the one from the original company.
Just got my package and opened it. One came broken. The one that wasn't broken though works great!
The lower portion of the bar uses a suction cup to affix it to the wall. I have a tiled shower stall and the suction cup obviously won't stick to the tile because of the grout. According to the instructions, there was supposed to be a adhesive pad that came with this unit, mine did NOT. This is a medium problem for me. The big problem is the water pressure. This literally trickles water out, it does not matter what position you select, they all suck. Extremely disappointed
Not what was described but needed it elsewhere
I bought this light less than a year ago and it stopped working a few months later. It was very bright when it worked. Now it's just an ornament up on the side of my house.
Item worked great for a few months but suddenly stopped working all together.
Wider than all my doors so it's hard to close them. And It's been damaging the wood trim when I try to close the door so I can't even use them. The material is good but not made quite right. I guess you get what you pay for.
Doesn't directly connect to google home. You have to command it to connect to the tuya smart app then tell give outlet commands.
Got it to put on the back of the tv and it was very cool at first. Then the sticky on the back did not last and keep falling off which caused a lot of struggle. Also the controller does not work more than half the time.
We bought this door lock a couple of months ago. I wish I'd installed it immediately so that I could return it. The keypad only works about 5% of the time. I've had to stand outside in the rain trying to get the keypad to acknowledge that I'm touching for minutes. I've almost kicked my door in myself to get around this darned thing. I've submitted a warranty claim but heard nothing in a week since I've contacted them several times. When the unit works, I like it. But if you decide to buy it, install it day 1 so you can see if it goes bad like ours did while you still have time to return to Amazon.
Had to return. Couldn't keep stuck on tile.
It broke within the first month
Plastic is too brittle. The supplied plastic screws are the wrong size for a standard rocker switch. If you use the original screws, which I found that you have to do, you need to tighten them very carefully and leave them looser than you normally would. Luckily, I thought it was one per package and got two packs. On the first one the plastic screw broke off way before it was tight against the guard. When I tried the original screws the guard cracked before the screw was very tight. Even being more careful, the second one cracked as well.
To start, although the lock is large and one would expect it to have some weight, its relatively light. The application needed to use the lock is super confusing and has a lot of bugs; seems to have originally been made for a far eastern market because a lot of the writing isnt in latin letters. The lock itself does work (once you figure it out) but i would suggest staying away due to the build quality and technical issues with the outdated app.
I have not yet tried the product, so this is not a review of the product, but of the Shipping! The product's carton clearly says not to ship on it's side due to possible leakage. This product was shipped on it's side without any instructions to the shipper as to need for orientation of the package while shipping... leakage occurred. Not enough to return or replace but enough to need cleaning and careful disposal of the box.... so Amazon Be Careful when shipping ...
This is ok but like others said, it's thin. I didn't think 2mm was that much different then the blue 3mm I bought before but it was. Used it in a closet only, got some more of the blue 3 mm for the rest of my project
The ten pack I purchased was of dubious quality. They did all light. However, the pins were almost all degraded in the same fashion as the dead bulbs I was replacing (like they were used before I got them) and the glass cover was clouded (like the dead bulbs I was replacing). While I won't request replacement, I won't buy again from this seller!
I am not sure about this product, I have a lamp connected to it and for no reason, it just causes the light to turn off. I have gone through the app and attempted to remove all schedules, but it still does it. So finally I had to just stop using it.
The product its self is great but make sure to read the description carefully because the can is tiny. most other places sell you a 1 qt can at a lower price than this
The strip lights worked with the old app. The update to the app to include dimming and color control crashed. Relatively easy to set up but what good is that with no app or wifi connection (Gateway sold separately). The customer service team generally just refers you to Frequently Asked Questions.
No way to manually enter WiFi information or scroll through list of available SSIDs. If your SSID is not among the first four or five listed (not uncommon if you live in a high use area or apartment building) there is no way to connect. It took two attempts to contact help line but got good service once I reached them. Unfortunately the answer was no can do.
I work with me just two days after a faulty adapter unfortunately I don't know why
Nice brightness but the glue on the back it is bad quality. I put them on a smooth clean surface and by the next morning the lights were on the floor, I had to use something else to keep them in place. So, yeah, they are nice brightness and waterproof but the glue in the back is bad.
I did really like the pressure & spray pattern, however, the cheap plastic coupling that fits in into the shower spout cracked just hand-tightening it on, so it basically became useless before I even took my first shower (water pouring through the crack got all over my bathroom no matter what I tried.)
I dont like this since i cant turn the device off.
i used these on my swimming pool pump and sand filter,makes it very easy to unhook in the winter.
This looks nice up, but is made really cheap and is not a good design. It took forever to get it flush with the ceiling and couldn't use the instructed way. It's being held up with one screw. Also, you don't add a light bulb so if/when it goes out, the whole thing will have to be replaced. Not impressed.
This is a single strand hard galvanized wire. It is OK If you need hard wire for your application. If you are using this hanging patio lights, it does not work well because it has a permanent memory, you can't easily unroll or make it straight. For patio lights, use stranded wire instead. Did not return but can't use with lights.
This lamp is quite small--which isn't a huge deal. However, it is a different style than all 3 product images depicted. Sure, all salt lamps look a little different, but the one I received resembles a flower less than the images provided (mine is thinner, no has no leaves, and overall is a bit less detailed). I'm fairly disappointed with it.
Light not very strong. Would not recommend this product.
They are not as bright as shown
My son installed the faucet and it is working O.K. However, it is very difficult to install and it did not come with a tool like other faucet product. Also, the faucet color is coming off and collects a lots of white calcium in and around the edges.
For $200 I would expect the faucet to make it more than two years before exploding and squirting water everywhere. The hose developed an unfixable leak at the head end - which then leaks all the way down the base and into the cabinet below. Awesome faucet - we loved how it functioned - great spray power. Leaving it in spray mode to hear the wife squeal was kinda fun.
These lights have good white light and are pretty bright. But these are not wrap around fixtures. On a wraparound fixture the lens or detractor literally wraps around the fixture so light emits from the full bottom and the sides. These lights only have about a four and a half inch strip across the bottom that light emits. But made it work with tin snips. (No to pretty now)
Everything about this sink is absolutely great, except it arrived damaged... seems like the front right corner got hit, causing it to push in and buckled the side. Didn't think much of it. Immediately reordered a replacement, which also arrived damaged in exactly the same way, except in both sides this time. Great product ruined by bad packaging. Done with Ruvati.
Does not stick to foil
These flicker when set on low, but worked fine at full power.
This product looked super cute for my son's room. I put it up one night only to find it in a ball on the floor the next morning. Followed the instructions exactly. Got a replacement put it up and now this one keeps peeling off. Super disappointed in this product. I have other decals on the wall so this is an isolated issue with this particular product.
Too small for wiring 12/2 wire in Outlets especially if you're running them in parallel. I'm sure they would be fine in other applications
Wasn't what I thought it'd be
2 of my 6 died after 11 months. Nice and bright when i first got them.
Will not take grounded plug. Did not use outdoors
It was not packaged securely and arrived bent and deformed. I actually had to pull some of the back away from the blades for it to not hit metal to metal. It works tho.
It worked for about a day then the flick switch went inoperable! But still is a good fine spray that lifts tough stuck on particles off utensils.
these are not good thermostats. I have three of these and all of them show higher temps than the room's actual temperature. I bought these to replace some cheaper thermostats. They look better than the cheaper knob-based thermostats, but they don't work any better. The units generate enough heat to cause the thermostat to have false readings and the room temp fluctuates in a range of about 10 degrees over a 30 minute period. That's more than enough to go from feeling really cold to really hot. 1) The face plate generates heat, so the temperature is offset slightly. If this was the only problem you could just set the thermostat slightly higher to account for the change. 2) However, when the heaters turn on, the flow of electricity causes the unit to heat up unpredictably because of the variable flow. This makes the temperature reading fluctuate unpredictably and you get wild temperature swings. The actual temperature in my living room swings between 66 and 75 degrees over a 24-hour period when I set the thermostat to 72 degrees.
Faucet handle won't stay up at lower pressure
It's a filter. They discontinued the other filter so Amazon could sell them.
These lights are not bright. Good for confined spaces only.
Exceptionally small pulls...but, cute.
Like some of the other reviews, mine is literally almost all white - not the deep salmon color the picture shows. It is pretty and provides a nice soft light for my desk, but disappointed in the color.
Only received one in package
you get what you pay for
Bulbs flail at top brightness setting. With my Lutron switches at full power the bulbs will sometimes start to cycle from full to off over and over.
Good for a small space. Made of plastic, not glass. Button doesn't work well. Only works when plugged into usb.
it make aloud noise and power horse isn't running smoothly
Color not red looks more orangey red
Very disappointed in my order. To small
When I received this product the first thing I did was plug it in to make sure it lit up and it did, but I did not check every bulb because it was still rubberbanded together. The flag looks awesome on our balcony and looks even better from below, but we did have a strand of lights out. It was a pain to put it up with zip ties just to see that a strand of lights were out. Attached are pictures that show what I believe to be the reason for the malfunctioning strand (manufacturing issue). We have another on its way, I just wish I would only have to put one of these up with the 20 zip ties we used.
Great tool, but the screen is too small -- at least for a 73 year old gentlemen. The only thing smaller is the print in the user manual that comes with it. I downloaded an electronic version of the manual, but it too was fixed so that it could not be enlarged to improve readability. Still not sure if I'm on a wet bulb temperature or not. Now, if you've got eagle eyed vision or a very good magnifying glass that you can hold at the same time, it probably will work for you.
It installs really easily, but that light barely lights up the closet...it is brighter when you turn it on at first, but fades. Still, no matter if its just turned on or not, it does not give off enough light for even a small closet.
The softest metal screws I've ever worked with. The screws are easily stripped and the heads rip off quite easily. The "bolt" inside the leg that threads on to the mount ripped out of one of the legs while hand-tightening. IKEA's equivalent is much better made and costs less.
Lasted only 4 months
Bought as replacement for 5 year old lava lamp in which wax or whatever deteriorated and as a result had hundreds of small fragments floating with big blobs which ruined clarity. NEW LAMP arrived with BROKEN LIGHT BULB, bubble wrapped and tucked into metal top WHICH MEANS PACKER HAD TO KNOW THEY WERE SHIPPING BROKEN PRODUCT. Also many, many flakes floating in liquid medium. Will see if they go away after lamp heats up. Poor packing supervision OR uncaring quality control employees.
Very inconsistent in connection.
The connection from led to power strip is 4 tiny prongs and plastic. It bends easily. Shorts easily. Sparks easily. It's very hazardous, other than that the actual lights are produced well.
Had these bulbs for a week and one has already turned into a different (yellowish) color, however they're bright which I like and only reason they got two stars. Also they start pulsating when dimming, which leads me to believe they aren't dimmable.
No instructions provided with Chandelier! Also broken pieces! But the missing instructions was the biggest downfall. Enough spare pieces to replace broken ones but not sure I installed correctly as there were no instructions and it was a guessing game.
Poor packaging. The globes had bubble wrap on the inside and outside but the rim was sitting on the arm of the globe holder. So chips and breaks were easy to happen, especially when coming by mail.
Not stiff enough to fish anything
These lights are quite bright--no complaints there. However, they barely last four hours. I use them to light my way up my front steps when I return home from business trips late at night, and by midnight or 1 AM they are either out or on a slow flicker that seems to indicate they are running low on battery. They charge in direct sunlight, so I don't think the issue is the amount of power they're getting. They just don't last the night.
Step for of the instruction on a photo - the pad was already placed and seemed little damaged after unboxed.
Looks great and the install is relatively simple. I started to notice little puddles around the faucet and I just figured that they were residual water from doing the dishes. That is until I came home one day and found this. There was also a small puddle of water underneath my sink, which unfortunately caused some warping on my brand new cabinets. Will be returning and looking for a different faucet. It's a shame because it's really hard to find a faucet with such a wide escutcheon plate, which I need because the guy who drilled my faucet holes out screwed up and made them too big.
Originally I loved this so much that I bought a second one for the cave. These look good and seem well built, but after just a couple uses in a week or so, the screw snapped and the handle flew off. I hope I just got a bad one, because the one in the kitchen matches everything so well. Will update if the first one fails too.
Lasted less than a year... no bueno
I previously rated this dryer belts at five because of the fast delivery however, it broke after 2 weeks! When I compared the new name brand belt, it was much thinner.
This product only worked for 2-3 days on the timer mode.
This is the second pair I've gotten from this supplier . They only last a month or so. I have bout 3 pairs from this supplier and another one. I did get a return in before the 30 day mark. But it lasted about 6 weeks. I bought it because it was cheap but you get what you pay for.
I would like to contact the company directly .....good luck finding the information. It isn't even on their website! They sent faucets with pop up drains that have holes for overflow on the sides and I needed non over flow drains. I have exhausted my avenues for finding contact so thought I would attempt to get a response this way......
This seemed like a great set so Im giving it an extra star but it didnt fit my sink even though it said it should.
First off, this stuff is see-through beyond belief. I highly recommend using a white primer underneath. Our walls were a light (almost white) yellow and it shows through the wallpaper pretty prominently. Second, use an extra adhesive around the edges. The corners and edges started rolling back up after about 3 hours. Walls were smooth, clean, and dry... so I dont understand what the problem is. The roll itself was a disaster. It was pretty wrinkled which made it a pain to even out. Once we got about halfway done with the roll, we started having problems with it curling back up. We purchased another roll of shiplap wallpaper from different brand and had much better luck. The quality of this stuff is pretty minimum.
The lamps are tiny and a good size for a small space. After a little over a month, one lamp just stopped working. The other lamp flickers on one of the settings. These looked good for about a month. Don't waste your money!
I wanted lights to dress up my mirror and help with my makeup but these just looked very cheap and I didn't feel like they provided enough light. These would be great if they were hidden by some type of trim for a glowing effect. I'm not sure what I expected though because I knew they were plastic when I ordered them. The lights come connected (see the picture) in a neat and tidy way, however, the cable was stiff & they just looked like plastic lights stuck up around my mirror. I'm sure the stiffness will go away eventually. Sorry, I was disappointed. I am returning mine.
I really should return these lights. They are advertised as 3000K and they are way cooler than that especially when dimmed so they have a cold bluish cast and so are not good over the dining room table. It is so difficult to find something that looks nice without breaking the bank. Oh well
Bought a six pack in Oct 2018. Two of 4 installed lights were blinking and replaced with the remaining two. While it is under warranty, could not locate the web page that is easy to process the warranty claim. Giving up...
The set screw keeps leaking
Alarm is loud but for no reason it goes off by itself.
Neat concept. We wanted them for halloween decorations, but almost every night we had to re-set all the lights because they wouldn't go back to the color they were last set to. They also don't actually sync to music so don't expect that to actually happen. for the price I would say wait a couple years for them to actually make this technology work.
This product did not come with an extra long cord, nor a remote control. We had no way to control the changing patterns. I feel like the product I received was NOT the product I ordered. It doesn't even look like picture. I preferred three of them and they were all wrong.
These bulbs are not 5000K. They are much warmer. Also, after only a few months, one of the bulbs flickers constantly every time it is turned on. I guess you get what you pay for!
Had a few break on us. They are just ok.
I received 2 of the 12w bulbs. One constantly goes on. I thought it might be the location and there might be wind or something causing it so I swapped the two locations and now it is always going on at the other spot too. The other bulb works fine. So I'm 50% happy but ticked that I either have to accept that this bulb will always be going on & off regardless of the situation or buy two more bulbs.
Item arrived today. No directions were included. There is a small bag of push pins included and I have no idea what they are for. Figured out how to install the velcro but the bottom will not stay closed unless I physically bend down there and push the magnets together. Will update review as time goes on.
Sure i used it by cutting the bottom off and digging for the usable product thank god i was filling pin holes a few drywall missing paper but i was very disappointed and if i wasn't coming up an a inspection of my apt in a HUD housing handicapped building as i have a T B I and 100 % disabled by law i would of sent it back non the less the 3/4 left over in the tube i the trash JUNK.
Our lady helper pulled the door of the freezer forgetting there is already a lock & she broke the connection of the steel & the sticker
In less than a year it began to leak. It worked ok at first, no great but I did not expect it to leak. It needs replaced but I think I will look around for an alternative.
All you do is put the bulb in and forget about it, simple as that. It lights up super white. it turns on at night and off at day light. If you don't want the super white get a lower watt one. 2nd comment The first one has only lasted 13 days. Now for the second test. As per your request you can resend a replacement to my address.
Still cannot link them to my echodot
product came with a busted box as if it was dropped or hit with forklift I hope nothing is wrong with the drinking fountain
I wish I would have known the light never goes off, it just gets brighter when it senses movement.
I'm uploading a picture because I got mislead by the description and comments, all you get is what's in the picture, I was expecting more, plus I find this french cleat over complicated.
I used this to heat up a packet of coffee latte. The foam got in between the coils and was extremely difficult to clean. I just put it away after one use.
Works great but the low quality hose takes away from design and function. Personally I would not purchase again . Opting for a more expensive head next time for a hose that is actually flexible.
Good product easy to install but spring makes lot of noise. Not ideal for bedrooms/ residential applications.
The installation instructions are horrible. There are parts in the kit that are not explained in the instructions, but are required for install, and the illustrations do not make it clear where to put the different spacers. Once installed, the wheel carrier impacted the bolt heads holding the 2nd rail brackets, and though the bracket holes are slotted, there are no instructions stating that you need to fully extend the brackets before tightening the bolts. There is no explanation about installing the door stops, so if you just install the stops at the end of the bar, both doors will slide the full extent of the bar, instead of perhaps stopping one door part way so that the 2nd door can bypass it and close the opening. Making an adjustment after the fact requires significant disassembly. Finally, the number of washers provided is insufficient to prevent the end of the bolt on the inboard most rail from extending through the bracket so far that it impacts the slider for the inboard door. This required adding washers and then finding a suitable paint to match them to the rest of the hardware. The ONLY reason that I gave this a 2-star instead of 1 star is because the actual hardware is solid and well-finished.
When I ordered this item the exact wording used was not correct! It says 1 pack and what it means is one bulb. The picture shows the bulb beside a box that holds more than 1 bulb. This needs to be changed because it is deceptive. I would not buy this product again for this price and only receive 1 item. You can only fool me once.
Lock is made of cheap plastic. It could easily be broken with a pair of pliers. Of course locks only keep honest people honest. And lets face it, the same pair of pliers could smash the glass and grab what is behind the glass. Biggest concern about the lock is that it did not come with instructions. I went to Combi-ratchet's website, and it looks like they have some steel body locks, but nothing for a sliding glass display case. At least it will keep my kids out of the cabinet.
I dislike being sent broken lamps and having to box them up and return them! The reordered set arrived promptly and we installed them on the wall on either side of our bed as reading lights. Very disappointed. Light output is too low and the emitted a nasty smell. Will be returning this set too!😡
I won't buy again. It takes forever to filter the last inch or more.
Was missing two screws for mounting
Rating refers to time Amazon takes to ship a "Sold and Fulfilled by Amazon" in-stock item once order is placed; 3 days for std & 5 for free shipping. Non-Amazon experience is same day to 2 max, typically 1. Also, it is not apparent how to contact an Amazon rep to check status or discuss a concern, unlike non-Amazon purchases. Will take this into account when making future purchasing decisions.
I suppose I shouldn't complain, because it certainly performs as expected. It is a water dispenser, and it dispenses water. Reasonable price, average looking, if a little short... But, is SLOOOOW. I cannot stress how agonizingly slow it is at dispensing water. It took five full minutes to fill a 3 quarter pitcher. I played a game of solitaire on my phone while filling my coffee pot. I contemplated the likelihood of dehydration while the water trickled into my glass after cutting my yard. Seriously, I can't even exaggerate how painfully slow the water dispensing is. My only hope is that is doesn't last long so that I can replace it. Heaven forbid I would ever have to fill a gallon jug- there a possibility I would miss my grandchild's graduation (he is six).
Very difficult to install! Installed it with professional contractor. It leaks all over. Not worth the money.
Barely covers opening. Will go with Franklin Brass brand for better coverage. Wish I had paid the extra few bucks to be happy.
Worked great initially.. Stopped working , replaced batteries. Lasted another 2 weeks, then broke off into the toilet. I had throw it in the garbage. Total use time approx 2.5 months
Love the fan and design. Lights are awful, so bright which I like. But, you can't angle them very far and they blind you.
The product arrived damaged. The two header end brackets were bent and the wood was cracked where they were screwed in. Not sure why they were not just included in the parts bag instead of being screwed into the ends. I was modifying my installation anyway and didn't need the brackets. The directions were very confusing and the illustrations were terrible. To make things worse there was no parts list included. Had to guess which screws went where.. Once I tossed the instructions in the recycle bin things went much smoother. Quality of the product was good except for the damage.
THE CAN WAS VERY SMALL FOR THE MONEY. I JUST WENT AND PURCHASED A LARGE CAN AT HD FOR 1/2 THE PRICE
Ordered 6 and received damages (all were heavily scratched) because they were thrown in the shipping box without any protection! They were individually wrapped in their plastic wrapping which was also damaged. I order from Amazon all the time so I'm really surprised at their lack of care. Requested a replacement and will update this review once they arrive.
This long shower hose only lasted 3 months then it started leaking right in the middle of the hose. Making the water pressure horrible when what little water came out of the shower head.
Stars broke off while first assembling them.
Very flimsy and I thought I was buying chrome and it was blue
Too bright had to replace
These are fun while they last... which isn't very long. I've had 6 of these over the past couple of years and 5 of them stopped working after a few months. They aren't worth the price.
you could easily break this lock with a crowbar
Product was perfect in fit and functionality. The color is not the standard dark oil rubbed bronze color of all our other accessories in the bathroom. It's more of an antique brass.
Love the product with it shipped with sub-standard hardware. After breaking off 3 screw heads I threw them in the garbage and got replacements at the hardware store.
Does not regulate pressure from our booster pump like it is supposed to
I bought this more than one year ago. It is a solid built faucet with high power, a little too high, splashes water so have to turn down and the handle but friction is not smooth. My main complaint is that it got dirty looking almost immediately, and stays that way. Water spots, tarnished, discolored. I question if it is actually brushed nickel finish. Spots will not come off even with powdered stainless steel cleaner. UPDATE one year later - I cleaned it with denatured alcohol. That accidentally removed the "brushed nickel" lacquer painted onto the stainless steel. Now it is a bright stainless steel faucet and looks much better than the spotty original.
Cool concept but 2 out of 3 lights broke down after a month of use. Very disappointed.
Have to use key pad. Disappointed. Other than that, good quality safe.
Less than two months after receiving the product many of the led bulbs began to fail, now when it's on full brightness it's a strobe light. It was very impressive when it worked but now it's disappointing.
This is our third GE icemaker. They work for about 2 1/2 years and then break down. I doubt that the off-brands would last any longer.
Did not stay on door frame. Need another way to stick it up. The glue doesn't last long.
While I love the look of this lamp, unfortunately it did have 3 broken tips of the pine cones (2 of which were in the box and we were able to glue them back on). The finial is not able to attach without being crooked. I sent this item with a family member ahead of me and they had already made what repairs they could so I did not feel it was returnable any longer.
Received the first shelf last week. Just the shelf, no brackets. After returning through Amazon and requesting another, the second shelf arrived yesterday. Still with no brackets. Can't find a way to contact the seller. We can't mount the shelf without brackets, and the description clearly states the shelf comes with said brackets. We'll keep trying to contact the seller and update.
They need to be brighter
Product received does not match photo. The product in the photo is a previous generation and much thicker gauge compared to the new product.
The first impression is that its huge, the second is that it's made of plastic, or feels like it. The spray range and function is great, you can go from spray to stream and back with an infinite twisting adjustment that includes all positions in between. Easy to install with just plumbers tape (included) and a crescent wrench.
They do what they're supposed to do. But not well.
I was told that a replacement for the unit that fell apart would be sent to my amazon address weeks ago. Never received it.
Great price!! Haven't used because they have to be cut to fit!!
I bought these for my hutch build but I ended up having to buy different latches. These are made from very cheap and weak material. The screws that come with theses are really terrible to use, they are a strange size and also easy to strip. These might work for light duty projects but anything past like a small box would be too much.
The adhesive pad doesn't stick very well at all. I cleaned the attachment area with alcohol on the plastic portions of my car dashboard where I attached them. Attached beneath (inverted) and on a vertical surface. They don't hold. The cable is just an iphone lightning cable, so not too much to hold. Disappointing performance.
good price but light becomes distorted when wind blows and yes we did check connections
Only received 3 out of 4 units. One of three was broken and cracked. Box was obviously used and badly repacked/returned previously. Bad vendor with bad quality control!
Very small I thought it would be big
Well less than 10 months later the hose is leaking at the connector. Pretty sure its the washer. Item is supposed to have 24 months warranty. Contacting the seller now through Amazon. Will update seller customer service.
Cheap material, lightweight, not metal
Pretty design but so disappointed with this product. I charged for two days before using and still one does not light for more than a few seconds. The other two last a few minutes. How can I return these? I at LEAST would like a replacement for the one that will not light! I wish I had gotten battery lanterns.
My friend has one and the screw attachment is metal. This one is plastic. I give it maybe two months if one does this for a living. It is probably fine if you are just painting your own place. I need something that will last. Not happy at all with this. It gets two stars for the innovation. The rest is a cheap cop out.
As others have stated, line and common connections are not identified. Screws that hold everything together can not be tightened properly without stripping out the soft black plastic portion of the connector. If you are careful and knowledgeable about what you are trying to do, can probably make these work. I won't be buying any more of them.
Not very effective...had to squeeze reinsert in my drains so wither the leaves and debris it's a pain to work with.
After installing this valve it leaked and when I went to remove it the valve came apart. The O ring got damaged and trying to find a new O ring was almost impossible. Wound up going to the local hardware store to buy a new valve.
Wouldn't fit properly on my steel security screen door
IT IS OK BUT THERE ARE DRAWBACKS
Update. After living with this lamp for a short time I have come to hate it. If I still had the box it would go back today. The adjustments for the top will not stay in place. Having to use a tool to adjust the wire is the only way to do so and it must be tight to keep the shade from falling.
Too bad it's not real glass. Very disappointed for the price
The reason why i gave it two stars was because the application process to either get it to work with Amazon Alexa or my wifi was horrible they never responded back after I send them an email. But the item it self was nice it worked well in Bluetooth mode but I didn't need the Bluetooth I needed my wifi to work.
We have had this for two years. It seemed good at first, but it doesn't always fallow the schedule. The first few times we thought it was our error. Now it happens often enough that we are looking into a new thermostat. The temperature reading is also off.
Should have read the description better. On the mini description, it said 8 led lights, I was assuming this meant that I would get 8 lights. This is a two pack for $30, it does say this in the full description but I added these on to my cart from the mini description. Also these are really large I was wanting to add them to potting grasses but they take up way to much room not that I would be keeping them for that price anyway.
Product arrived warped, in turn didn't function as intended. Would consider something different.
Fails in 2 ways over time. First, the latch attachment loosens and moves, lessening the distance of travel so a pull does not open the gate. Second, the wire pull end pops off.
i had a previous model and it worked better. its still a nice buy for its purpose.
Although my contractor had told me that I needed MR 16 bulbs for the ceiling lights in my master bathroom, when the electrician came to put in the bulbs he advised me the I needed bulbs with very small prongs; and I need to return these bulbs because they don't fit in the sockets. I wasn't aware of the different size prongs of the MR 16 bulbs until my electrician finally came to replace the burned out bulbs.
I have a degree in engineering, and couldn't understand the instructions on setting after spending a half an hour reading them. When I finally did get the settings, the thermometer was off by 5 to 7 degrees (too high usually) measured against a professional mercury thermometer. I bought this as a check against a thermostat, and it was a complete waste. It would change temps five or more degrees just by moving it ten feet to another room or the hall. I will be returning both.
Very poor adhesive; it's needing to be readjusted every few hours. I had to put electrical tape around one of the connections because the pins would not stay connected resulting in one of the strips not lighting up.
After a month of use I noticed that a 15 foot end section was not working. After having a closer look I discovered the wire was damaged from abrasion (wind plus Tree). The part I want to warn users of this product about is that the worn out section of wire sparked and did not blow the fuse. The lights remained on.
It will not stay on longer that 10 seconds.
Only one of the two worked. The one that does Work dosent feel like it will be working long.
Bulbs would not fit easily in threads of lamp, took hours
Way too small and does not have same dimensions as advertised. Returned.
The power strip is sitting on my shelf. I was disappointed to learn that the outlets are not individually controlled - the entire strip is turned on or off.
Very cheap construction. There is what you used to know and hope for, there is the cheap, Chinese made reality.
Mine did not have a ground. Only two prong. I'll keep it, because you can always use an extra inexpensive extension cord, but clearly, an error was make. Not worth sending back.
Bulbs look good but there were 6 in box that didn't work on arrival. Since they arrived in July, 6 more have blown after being placed into the strand. Maybe we received a bad batch....?
not good for coating flounder, or any flat type fish.also it would be if nice if it came smaller in size. Had to go back to the plastic bag shake method
I bought quite a few strands of these this Christmas. With the timer setting turned on the batteries (3 double A) only last about 2 days. I am taking them all down and putting up electric lights instead.
Much more teal green then blue. Was hoping this would be a much deeper blue color.
Your description states the product can be surface or suspended but the instructions say hang only and your ad say the warranty is 7 years but it's only 5.
The blue only lasted two evenings....
Not sure why mine don't look like the ones in the other review pics but they're EXTREMELY blue. Not white. It's a good thing they're in a quad and won't be used in road. If you put these in a car you'd get nailed by the cops for sure. Not to complain because they're brighter than stock and do look cool, but if you were going to use these in a road car I'd look somewhere else.
No customer service. Absolute letting them know about a problem they returned an email just stating we got your email that was it did it again and again. No advice, know how to use, no help no return call.
Several of the side clips had broken without me realizing it - but I figured it out once I stepped off the roof and the ladder collapsed 2 tiers. The clips won't engage - I ended up throwing it in the trash. Very disappointed.
Does not fit beauty rings against the ceiling.
Arrived All mixed up. Dividers not installed properly.
Package is to contain 2 keys, but only 1 was included. I'll have to go down to the hardware store and have another made- wasting time and money. The locks are themselves are OK.
I was most disappointed to learn that I had to pay for return shipping. I will be much more careful in ordering from Amazon in the future!
When I received the lamp the light bulb had broken off inside it's socket. I shipped it back for return. Shortly after I got an email from the seller Saying they were going to send me another one as a replacement . That was over 2 months ago , I've never received it
Installed 4 bulbs...one strip died in 3 days of use.
It is the old style wall plate, my household has the newer one piece plug, and does not fit properly. Check your plug configuration before you purchase. Hopeful that it would work great idea.
The thermostat was received damaged. So far no response. Except my comments keep getting deleted. I guess Amazon doesn't want you to know I am having trouble.
wheels and bearings are not smooth.
I mistakingly thought this product would be larger. It's only about 2” big. So just know that the projection will be very small.
Couldn't use them because the 1 inch screws are not long enough ! I need ones that are 1 1/4 inch long ! It's my fault for not checking everything before I ordered them .
It wasn't any better for water pressure than the ones we have. As a matter of fact, it looks identical except this one is chrome and ours are stainless steel.
Looks and quality is fine with a price. you pay what you want.faucet pressure really bad there is no pressure basicly.That is reason 2 star.
This is the second head I've purchased in two years. They seem to last about a year. These are NOT stainless steel. They WILL rust.
The product was very difficult to use neatly. I was repairing broken porcelain tea cups and used a tiny paint brush to apply and it was too tacky to apply in small amounts. The glue eventually hardened and everything seems to be holding but it is not a clean finish. Super glue would have been 100x easier. Maybe it's not meant for small tea cups, I don't know but I'll definitely stay away from this for future fixes.
The Handles Overall are good quality. The Dummy Knobs however are very lose. I emailed the vendors and never got a reply back. It is disappointing that I never realized this until I had install 10 passage handles through the building .
Disappointed that it came with a yellowish cover on the plastic that will not come off so the plastic can be clear.
I had high hopes for this item. I have a saying: "engineers do not use what they design." and this is an example of that. The problem is, you are only inserting the wire(s) between one plate and the tightening screw, now I know this is a very old-style way of doing it, but these days almost all plugs and switches I wire too, have two plates to insert your wire into in order to clamp down on it. I had one wire come lose before I even finish assembly of the plug. For the right type of cords, these might be fine, for my needs they don't work...
I put them on a corner of my rug in a low-traffic area. The grippers are not keeping the rug down. I even tried putting a weight on top of the corner for awhile to get the gripper to stick better. Not impressed.
Bough 12 of these. Less than 2 months later all stopped working. The batteries are junk. Be prepared to replace them - ALL.
In the beginning, it was bright and the projection was great. Slowly within a month it started losing it's power and color. Before I took out all my Christmas lights last week, this was put just 5 ft away from the outside wall and it was still not powerful enough. I wish I could return this product.
I was very excited when I put these on my three back windows that are big and leak although I had to use one 2 whole strips It did the job (FOR A FEW DAYS ) Then just started peeling off doesn't work at all I wish I would've stuck it better because it did help with the draft in the room
Broke after second day of use.
I read and followed the directions and failed to complete my project and had to switch to a roller. This thing uses a lot of air and did not provide much coverage. It was only $16 bucks and I will go into YouTube and see what I can see and maybe get more out of it next time. I would return it but for $16 I can take the hit and spend some time trying to get it to work. If you are under the gun on a deadline and do not have experience with this product I would recommend that you keep looking.
These are a little difficult to position. The wheel seems to always fold under when trying to set them down.
Item arrived intact unfortunately magnet for back door was not installed by manufacturer nor was there a red flag for the mailbox. Little bit disappointing not getting the features that were expected. Somebody in quality control is asleep at the job. Other than that the mailbox is a perfect replacement for the one that we had it is a little bit larger but once again disappointed some of the aggregate pieces for the mailbox were not included.
2 stars because the product seems to work okay but jeez, it looks like the packaging was sent through a wood chucker before or during shipping
I am a professional painter who bought this sprayer as a handy sprayer for choice jobs. I used the sprayer 2 times, spraying maybe 15 gallons total. The third time, the pump just stopped working. We tirelessly cleaned the machine and added the pump armor as directed after each use. Don't waste your money nor time on this machine....
Went for the rustic look. Expecting the paint to have a rustic finish. Far from it. Items were solid black painted. Far from rustic looking
2 bad bulbs one quick one about a month . dont know if its transformer or bad bulbs from shipping?
On the thin side even light for cabinet doors. I ended up not using them because they were so thin. Good price, but not a good value.
The product fits my Kenmore refrigerator perfect. The only issue I have is that you have to dump 15 gallons of water before drinking the water. That's a lot of water
I bought this for my nightstand to contain cords. It worked good, but here I am a year later and it's dead. Ok, I got a years use out of it, but it was frustrating all year. The power button on it randomly turns off. Not good when you have your baby monitor plugged into it. I woke up at least once a week or more with the monitor beeping because it was getting ready to die. Wake up to my phone not charged overnight because it flashed off. Maybe mine is a dud, but now it's 100% dead. Now searching for a new option....
Nice looking vintage lights but too bright when In open fixtures.
Easy to install and pretty to look at, but one of the six has already quit working after only 24 hours of being outside.
I found this just about ok as this lacks clarity during projection and is pretty hazy and lacks colors
I used Nexlux 5050 rgb waterproof leds. 10mm, stripped the tape off. They fit great, but the connections on the strip were sketchy at best. I needed 4 connections, I used all 9 to get the 4 to work. Checked every connection and couldn't seem to get all 4 wires in the strip to work. What I ended up doing and wasted probably 2 ft of light doing was to clip were the sections were soldered together in the strip and connect there. The solder seemed to be a good enough base for this to actually make a good, solid connection. These might work great for some, but if you have Nexlux, just know this in advance.
Tried numerous time to get this to work. Wouldn't function properly.
I have very long hair, at least 8 inches below my shoulders. I have washed my hair in the shower at least 4 times and this strainer only caught 2 hairs one time. The holes under the plastic top are so large I wasn't surprised. I didn't try to fill the tub but there wasn't a tight seal between the tub and the strainer so I don't expect it would hold the water well. But when the strainer was popped close I was able to get a few inches of water in the tub to soak my feet while I showered. The colors are as described and it does pop open and closed very easily. It arrived on time also. But it didn't do what I wanted it to do.
Product is okay, but at some point it seems like it times out and the only way to reset it is to unplug it each night and plug back in. Not sure why since no instruction manual is with unit to explain that feature, but if you are looking for something to put out in the yard and want to have on each night this isn't it unless you want to remember to unplug each day and plug back up.
The pieces were flimsy, and too small for the pegboard holes... They fall out, every time you lift a tool off the wall.
It only has 2 settings. One all the lights, and one with just the red lights. You can't adjust to any other colors. And I cant turn it off now. Still watching it to see if it will go off. Not impressed.
Bought this for our office in a building with many other offices. It rings, but now matter how we tried to change the ringer on the two receivers, it didn't work & all we hear is a ding dong, ding dong......
I requested the device that would fit the GFCI outlet in the Bathroom and discovered that it is not intended for use with a GFCI receptacle
the set i recieved had a bad z axis wire. i will be purchasing another set and updating my review but this is very frustrating.
I bought this for my 86 year old mother. It's really hard to use as water leaks out from around the nozzle base as you try to tip it over to put it into position. It gets all over your underwear before you can get it in place. I bought a few of these because it was a good price but I'm returning them due to poor design. Once in place it works ok but not worth the mess.
Works ok at first. The woven wire inside of the spring broke on mine
I didn't use, so can't comment on functionality. Bulds are really long and very heavy. They may not be suitable for pendant fixtures or lamps that only have space for traditional bulbs
First off, THESE ARE NOT UL OR CE LISTED! While I don't think they could burn down your house, I'm not sure I completely trust these without those certifications and they feel very cheap and flimsy. They do work well, however, but they look ugly when plugged in.
Great colors, nice settings, but the adhesive used is terrible hardly sticks or stays in place, usefull if you plan on laying it flat. Also only comes with the one jumper so if you plan on cutting it your going to need to order extras since they are not provided.
Not good for long range nor is it waterproof. This is my third and LAST one I plan to buy. It just doesn't last long. Cheap.
The faucet head did not fit properly on the faucet body.
Returned. Came damaged. The shipping container was not damaged but the item was. Probably a return that slipped through. At least they took it back.
Knob constantly comes off and plastic is deformed
Product was working well up until my Phone did an upgrade and now the Nexx Garage is not compatible. There tech support has been responsive, however they do not have a solution for the issue.
The height was great, but it was too wobbly making me scared to even use it, had to return it.
One of my lights flicker when I have it on a regular lamp. Figured I would change lamps to see if that help and it doesn't. I have tried to contact the company to see if they can help THEY DONT RESPOND. IF YOU HAVE A ISSUE WITH IT THEN YOU ARE SCREWED just letting you know.
We got 2 of this filter.Water taste fine and it last a good time but the water dispenser water flow is awful. It is too much force in the water. You cant fill up a glass without splashing everywhere. That would be the only reason i will not buy it again.
At first I loved it but then not even after a few days you could no longer dim the light it was bright whenever you turned it on. Now it fidgets on and off when the switch is off.
I'm replacing existing knobs and the screws provided matched the length of the existing screws. However, the screws were just a bit too long. Some of the knobs worked once I tapped the 8-32 threads but not all knobs were drilled deep enough to tap them completely. They can be installed if you have a large supply of washers to compensate for the knobs not being drilled and tapped properly.
I've been using this type of lamp for more than 20 years. I like the fact that the amount of light is highly adjustable, and since the light is directed toward the ceiling, you don't get much glare on picture frames and television screens. This lamp was great while it lasted, which was sadly a little more than a year. It developed a short and only worked sporadically after that...I'll spend a little more on my next one, to hopefully get a better, longer-lasting product!
I installed new batteries and the lamp did not work. It did work using the USB that came with it but did not come with the power plug for the usb
Definitely NOT heavy duty! Not even 8 inches long, what a joke!
Extremely cheap and flimsy! Plastic cracked as soon as I took it out of box. Looks like a cheap kids party prop, not good for a theater room!
So this is a cool idea however it does not come with an adapter for the usb cord!!! Why the heck not??... makes no sense to sell this item with out it! It does take batteries except they don't last long you have to replace them every week if you use it every night. I would say get one that can have a cord thats long enough with an adapter or one that last longer with batteries...
These are a 1/4 too small all the way around. Not worth the time or money to spend returning back and forth.
Not sure why they had to cover the power cord with these...Had to buy better ones.
I tried this out cause I loved my old original water pick. This just did not have the power so I went back to my old one even though it looks bad. I even took out the little ball that slows the flow. Did not help. The original Water pick will knock you over and I love the massage setting.
Love the design of this lamp, a banker's lamp with a modern finish, but I apparently got the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Assembled it and notice it had quite a forward lean and the lamp shade was also low on the left side. Threw my torpedo level on the upright part and it's way off. Put my longer level behind the lampshade and confirmed that it was off as well. Looks like the threads on the base and the lampshade portion were not cut straight and caused the lamp to be off, both vertically and horizontally.
Broke trying to get a key ring in it, not happy. Programmed ok but the point was to put on my key chain
did not last 2 months, before it broke
Flimsy and poorly built. We've had nothing but problems with the unit since we installed it. The float sticks constantly and backs up the waste water. Spend the extra noney and get a more durable unit
The preview picture made this look much larger than it actually is. This is a small wall sticker, much smaller than the size of an average poster.
It's ok and works for the money. But is extremely loud. You get what you pay for. Pruchased an OEM one for $50 more and it's whisper quiet.
These are only about half (maybe less) the thickness of those that you get at Lowes. In my opinion, not worth the money even at this price.
These knobs are great! Only a few things; the length of the screws vary. So you will have to saw them off to get to the correct size. Not cool. And one, was chipped.
Note the image of the key suggests a rubber or plastic coated head, real thing just metal and painfully small. So small it's tough to use with gloves on you know like motorcycle gloves. Based on what I've seen of other comments and my first day with the product I think its going back. Please change the image to accurately reflect the product.
Wring part. Description was not clear ... my bad. I will not order parts for my refrigerator door online ever again.
I am a full time reseller and go through a ton of tape every month and have tried many different brands. I am extremely disappointed in the quality of this tape. It's super thin and doesn't stick as well as I'd like, and makes me nervous enough to use double the amount of tape I would normally put on a package. I won't be buying these again, and I'm annoyed that I have so many rolls to get through before I can get something I don't hate.
The only issue I had with these picture hangers was the nails with decorative tops. The tops were little gold balls that flew off as soon as the nail hit them, thereby leaving nothing to keep the picture hanger from coming off the nail! I had to use other nails. Silly design.
Super easy install and really bright. Feels cheaply made but still works. One of the 4 came incomplete without the part that screws in to the fixture and another came broken
It's not immediately clear that these lamps are not the same size as more standard candelabra lamps. These fit typical chandeliers but are smaller than standard so take note of the dimensions.
Paint pad was not good after one use. You can not use, wash then use again.
Much smaller than I thought it would be and cheaply made.
Great light when actually works, Im using dimmers in my apt. (Lutron Caseta wireless dimmers) to control lights from my phone or alexa. This lights works 1 out of 3 times when button is pressed. Maybe on regular switch that light works great, but not on dimmer. Easy to install
to small for to much cost
This looks good and installed by a professional but it is stuck in spray mode, so that is not great!
I didn't receive the one on the picture. I got Lightning and Mater in a Cars 2 scene. It's a little blurry when projected on the wall or ceiling. It's not adjustable enough, we can barely get the whole picture on the ceiling from any of our outlets. It's cute, my kid likes it, but it's not very high quality.
All 3 start flickering after about 30 seconds on. Very bright and looks rugged but very disappointed with flickering, it bothers to the point of having to turn off.
I bought the 2-pack in June 2016. One unit was installed to control 2 LED lights (total 50 watts). The other was held for later. The installed unit failed after about a year. The second unit was then installed as a replacement. It failed last week. Both units continued to show the time and their programming, but won't turn the lights on. The reset button resets the time and programming, but the unit still won't turn the lights on. These timers are easy to program and work well for a while, but don't seem to last much longer than a year.
the light in it stopped working after just a few days
Doesnt heat up the way is supposed to
I have bought this item before and it works fine, but on this filter you sent this time, the tips on each side of the water spout are to large and will not fit into the slots, thus the filter will not slide into position. I took this filter to the appliance store that sells Kenmore products and compared it to the exact same filter at the store and on the one you sent me the tips are larger and would not fit in the refrigerators at the store.
Doesn't stick that well. Not sure I'd use it for painting. Ok for a few projects with kids.
had to shave some of the little grooves to make it fit
I needed two of these for two bathroom fixtures and bought this 3-pack. Given the expected life I thought I'd never be able to find the 3rd one by the time one stopped working. Sadly, this has not been the case. The 1st one failed in about 9 months of daily usage, and I dug around to find the 3rd and replace that one. This last week 1 yr and 4 months after installation, the 2nd one is flickering and failed. I liked the light quality, price and energy savings, but with the short life, I would not recommend anyone buy these.
The switch installs easy enough. Just make sure you add a neutral wire pigtail (this will not work with a dead end switch that does not have a neutral junction back t the electrical panel). Setup was easy as well. However execution is sketchy at best when used with Smart Life Smarthome app. Opening app will show "Offline" on switch. (I have two of these switches installed and both follow this review). Sometimes the switch will come back online in 15 seconds or so. Other times, it will not come back online. The switches are presumably within strong wifi signal reception area (I have three wifi outlets within 6 feet of the the switches that work flawlessly). Will be trying another wifi brand to see if I can alleviate the connection issue. My main beef is I have set up timers on the switches and outlets. The outlets as mentioned work flawlessly but with the connection issue, the switches fail to follow the timer and will only work if I walk over and manually operate. Kind of negates the installation.
Lights have great color qualities, but the orbs are glass and break easily. Still a good product but, odds are you're bound to break a few bulbs while hanging them up
this did NOT fit my standard kohler toilet. You can't mount it in the right position and no setting of the chain will make it function properly. When a plumber was here for a different problem I asked him to fix it and he took one look and said "this won't work for this toilet". Get the metal one meant for Kohler like the one you replaced and save yourself a headache
Will not pick up dry leaves on dry grass. Works well picking up leaves off pavement. Will not pick up cottonwood leaves at all.
This is not a good product, weak poor quality
Have not installed and all ready disappointed products damage
Did not hold like it should have and pulled paint off the wall.
Did not repair a garden hose leak. I talked to the seller and was told that was a problem.
Outside amazon box was fine but lip Balm package was worn. Tube was melted into the cap.
Just crayon and marker. I don't see any special thing for hardwood.
This product was pretty runny, it wouldn't be a problem but when you try to use the edge of the tube to scrape off excess it just smears it everywhere. The hole in the tube was way too large for hairline cracks, but did work ok for coloring larger chips. I'm going to try again with a syringe to do the hairline cracks, hope to have better results.
Too plastic and cheap looking to me. Not as modern looking as I expected
I was sent the NEO 120 instead of the NEO 185 I ordered. Such a bum deal because now I have to go through the return process.
Nice product but came damaged.
I'm sure this is a great deadbolt, but I must have gotten a faulty one. The actual lever you use to lock the deadbolt comes right off. Now I'm stuck with a broken deadbolt... ugh.
I ordered this with high hopes. The device was easy to set up as this is not the first camera similar to this that I have purchased and used. First my expectations were met with regard to the camera picture quality. Very good wide angle and picture quality is great in bright light. In the dark the IR LEDs provide plenty of light to make for a good picture quality. The problem is that the IR LEDs are VERY visible and they do NOT turn off. The app provides what seems to be a way to change the intensity of the IR LEDs from dark to bright, but this does nothing. Also, even when set to automatic in the app, the IR LEDs stay on. Even though the IR LEDs are set in the shape of the Bluetooth "B" logo any one who has any tech savvy about them will immediately notice the IR LEDs as just that, IR LEDs for a camera. So it is highly possible someone is going to know it is a hidden camera. If the IR LEDs could be turned off completely to use the camera in only a brightly lighted place, that would be great, but as I said these IR LEDs do NOT turn off at all unless you turn off the device. Also the setting in the app to only record when the motion alarm is triggered does not work. They are two seperate settings. In the app I set the motion detection alarm to alert me if motion and that part works. The recording options allow you to record ALL the time, Only during a scheduled time or only when motion is detected. The camera does NOT automatically start recording when motion is detected no matter how I configure the settings in the APP. So I am left to let it record all the time. All in all, I give it only 2 stars because of the IR LED and record on motion detection issue. I have another camera that works flawlessly exactly how I want it to, but they are no longer available, otherwise I would have just bought that same one. If they fix these issues, I have no doubt this unit would be 4 or 5 stars.
Blew within two weeks. Had to buy again. If it blows this time I will not replace with this same brand.
They get the job done but the lock on mounts will break very easily if you over tighten a bit. As a result I don't feel these are the most secure but will work for my Ethernet project
2 of the 6 have broken strings one totally unusable. One the small rivets are coming off holding the leds in place. Pictures will follow.
Product is advertised as "slow closing" hinges. Not so much on my safe. Buyer beware! Also, seller did nothing illegal, but I feel used. The seller bought the safe from BJ's for $41 less, and had it shipped to me. Shame on me for not searching BJ's prior to my purchase, but more transparency would have been nice.
I love the concept, and the lights are really pretty, but the lens spinning inside is obnoxiously loud. We don't use it at all because of the noise. It's made my little guys pretty sad. :/
No battery life!!!! it doesn't even last 2 hours on a full charge!! Now one day late and can't return to get my money back. I just barely used it last night.
Only works some of the time with my iPhone. And really poor sound quality.
One light started dimming after a couple of days, now it barely lights. Update: all of them barely work now after 2 months, worthless junk!!
Works good if you live where it stays at least 70 degrees f. I live in jersey and it works great in the summer and you must reduce gpm's at every fixture. To get hot water I'm a plumber and recommend this only for use with a sink I had a full bathroom working with it but needed special shower heads and aerators. If you have cold winter's I can't recommend. But it's is a very well made and nice unit it is top quality.
One bulb failed after less than a week in use. Not happy with the quality of this product.
The fabric isn't durable at all. It took only one drag across my yard, which is not full of shards, to put a hole in the plastic. And the rope handles at the corner are all part of the same rope, so when I pull on them the tarp scrunches up into a ball, which then has to be laboriously straightened out before I pick up another load of leaves. I had hoped it would at least not blow around as the cheap tarp I had earlier used, too. But it did. The slightest gust would render it useless. My solution will be to find someone to clean up my leaves for me.
Most worked, but not very bright at night.
After excessive shaking, only about half have any glow to them. And faint at best. Would not purchase again
The video sold me but after using 3 other products the Home Depot brand seems to work better. The spray bottle broke after 20 minutes of use.
Arrived with one of the glass lenses broken and loose glass shards in box. Otherwise seems ok.
Not much light per unit
Replaced the broken one. It looked like it was going to work. Put a load of clothes in the washer. 30 minutes later, the entire load of clothes was stained with oil that leaked from the motor !!!!!!
Had to return item. Does not cover a 4" electrical box as the dimensions listed suggest. Needs 3" box, overall very small fixture.
Bought 18 of these and installed them 11/2017 and several have already burned out
You get what you pay for, I guess. Purchased this for a newly remodeled bathroom and will be taking it off as soon as I take these photos. Chipped and exposed seam due to poor paint job. Even without the paint problem, the seams on this vent are unsightly. Would be OK in a garage where no one would see it, but front and center in a new bath, it's an eyesore.
This switch is 5 Stars unless you get a power bump. It loses the wi-fi info during a power interruption and you have to go back thru the setup process to reconnect again. This is the only smart device in my home that loses wi-fi and sends me back to the setup instructions after a power bump. It is unfortunate although I live in an underground utility neighborhood we have more power bumps than my old home on overhead lines. I wanted to purchase several more of these as they work well with Alexa voice controls but too much of a pain to have to reset on every power drop.
I was excited for this one & it took me about 10 mins to put it up however was really disappointed when I found that one of the lights was very dull as compared to another. The piece looked beautiful but have to get it replaced.
Does not hold the shower head up, it just falls down no matter how much I tighten it.
This is only purple and green. It makes a semi-loud noise as it works as well. Nice and bright but kind of lame it only has two colors. I'm going to get over this really quick.
Like: It's about the only affordable sub-mini switch I could find. Dislike: The switch is very intolerant of heat. About 1.5 seconds of heat from a 25 watt pencil on a terminal was enough to destroy it. This switch is much less robust than those I dealt with as an electronics tech in the service.
I had recently upgraded all my garage circuits to full 20 amp circuits, as I do a lot of hobbyist woodworking with some heavy power drawing machines. I have a 17" Grizzly bandsaw that draws 19 amps under full load, and it works beautifully under 120v, if plug directly into one of my upgraded 20 amp plugs. I was really hoping to use these extension cords to power it. As soon as I kick on the power, the cord blows its internal breaker. Very disappointing. I love the design, and I have them hung in the ceiling (I purchased 2), which really alleviates all the cord mess. Maybe I'm asking too much of this cord, but the description makes it sound like it can handle the power draw no problem, but that's definitely not the case. If the these were $50, I might not be as disappointed, but at their current price of over $160, I expected way more out of them. Looks like I'll need to rewire my bandsaw motor to 220v and use my 60 amp circuit.
I wish I could give this 2 1/2 stars since half only lasted a week before failure. I love the lights that do work, but really, a week. I'll change the rating to 1 (minimum) if the other half fails prematurely.
We were super delighted to finally get these. Finding screens in our part of the world is difficult, so we had a friend bring them in his luggage on a trip. Installation is pretty easy. Make sure to have the center of the top slightly higher than the corners, as some of the instructions describe. It makes a big difference on how easily it closes. Function is very nice. Walking through is easy and they usually fall right back into place. The dogs figured it out quickly and learned to use them without challenges. So we were very happy with these for almost six months. That's when the first seam started coming undone, the one along the top, allowing the screen to start drooping out. We patched it a bit, but within a few weeks it had reached a point where it had to be taken down so some more serious repairs could be made. A couple weeks later, another one started coming apart. This time it was along the opening, resulting in the screen separating from the hem and magnets falling out. So we've now had to take that one down too. So out of four doors, two of these started falling apart at about 6 months. These two were in doors that are used regularly, so they received more traffic. The other two seem to be holding up, but are rarely used. Basically we open the doors for ventilation, seldom passing through them. So perhaps those will last longer. The way they came apart, we can probably repair them. If not, then one needs to balance the idea of replacing them every six months with the value they provide. We're not sure what we'll be doing at this stage. It's too difficult to send them back overseas, so returning probably isn't worth it. At this price level, replacing them might be an option. I'd gladly pay more for something that would last years rather than months though.
I wore one these masks while mowing the grass one hot summer day. The mask got damp from perspiration, absorbed the order of the grass clippings coming out the back of the push mower, and made breathing harder. I think the mask should be perfectly satisfactory for other uses, but it was unsatisfactory for my particular use. Consider whether or not you might prefer the version with an exhalation valve.
Receiver not included. Does have switches.
Not as pictured...colors pale and faded. Bought to pair with Arch showing Star of Bethlehem...look completely different due to light/pale colors on figures. Not good representation or quality. Disappointed that they do not even complement each other.
Not what I thought it would be.
Thought it was a real lamp, not a piece of plastic in front of a light bulb.
Unfortunately, I returned this product. The sound was terrible, no bass, and you couldn't play music through multiple devices. I found a much better product at Lowes for the same price. The one thing I will say is the App seemed very user friendly and plenty of color options.
use this on my outdoor cushions, it seemed to backfire. the cushions stay wet forever, like it gets into the padding and cant dry through the fabric, they also collect puddles on the seats now
When done using water drips for a few minutes last one didn't hard to pull down
The top/back of the shower is visible and has cords running through it, it looked tacky so we didn't even install
Did not help block the draft at all. Continuously fell off the door and got hung on the floor. It blocked the wind but provided no insulation at all.
Don't waste your money, a LED light bulbs are supposed to have a life span of 1-2 YEARS. More than 10 have burned in less than 6 month. Bad quality.
The bottom water barrier started coming off really fast.
Again. No. I went and bought a vessel faucet yesterday. It's too bad that All I Need is The Instructions To Install the Faucet on To The Sink. A picture if you will? 3rd email and I've lost my patience. Terrible instructions that are Too Small and Faded. Cheap tin faucet. You sent a the instructions on the cabinet. I've had that together for 2 days. You will get a 2 star only because of this terrible communication. The cabinet is nice. And the glass is solid. Easy to Assemble (the cabinet)but good luck with faucet instructions.
This light works fine, but my children say it is way too bright for them to use in a regular size room (and I agree). I also must not have read the details and the light constantly changes from one "color setting" to another and you can't control this. I don't think we'll get much use from this, and I'll probably need to look for one that isn't so bright for use in our house. Again, it works fine, but isn't great for children who don't love very bright LED lights flashing around.
Bought and installed the bulb to replace in-ground pool light in 2016. Worked great! Fast forward to 2019. Bulb's dead. Original pool light bulb lasted at least 10 pool seasons.
It was easy to install and it all looks great, but I am missing a pipe one of the 12" pipes. Unfortunately, I did not notice until I had everything else screwed into the wall. I have tried contacting the seller to just get another pipe sent, but I have still not heard back, so I can either take the entire thing down and send it back for a return, or I can buy a pipe myself. Other than that it is great, but I dont see myself ever ordering from the seller again.
The switch stopped working after 6 months. The power light does not come on when switch is flipped.
Installed these in basement remodel project. The entire electrical circuit is new (breaker, wiring, can housing, dimmer switch). The dimmer switch is listed as compatible on the Sunco site. The lights flicker nonstop regardless of where the dimmer is set. There only 5 lights on the circuit. So much for the non-flicker technology.
NI-MH battery dead on one of the strings. Hassle to have to pull down from patio, repackage, return. How much profit does this seller make on items not returned from pure frustration?
I loved these lights, but the ground stakes are useless. I literally just place the light on the ground / patio. The stakes are so flimsy that they won't go into the ground, and they bend, and you are better off throwing that part into the trash.
The light bulb socket was broken, this light does not come with a dimmer switch, you can buy one for it,as I did on Amazon.
Really wasn't what I was expecting - going to try to use them later
Many other brands available that don't require a ballast skip, that are even less money, shop around! These DO work as they say, My bad for jumping the gun!
Two out of the four I received do not work. The other two look good in the shop.
Great looking faucet, after about a month it started to loosen up and feel like it was about to break. feels like it wasn't really a quality faucet.
Just got a new painting framed and it fell off of the wall and broke
Works below average. You can do better with other heads.
Unfortunately one of the lights was flickering and burned out.
i replaced all of my lights (10) and in about 2 weeks all but two had burned out. Dont know if it was this brand but my last ones laster years.....like maybe 5-6 years. Get a different one, thats what i am doing
This came broke, but I was reimbursed. The fault was w/ the postal service..
I wired it to a string of 6 landscape 1 watt LED lights. It immediatly clicked and failed. Seller says I may have had bulbs backwards and if so...I ruined the power supply and will need to purchase another... Seller of bulbs says they can be used in either position. Went to Home Depot and bought a 12 volt transformer which worked fine with my bulbs. I would not recomend the LED driver even though it has built in protection...it didnt work and they didnt stand behind it.
To raise the light, there is a ratchet mechanism to hold the light in different positions. I highly doubt the little plastic ratchet gears, will last longer than 1 year. (which is when warranty runs out). If you rarely read books, this light will last a long time. If you are an avid reader, I see the plastic casing, housing, whatever you call it, falling in a short time, due to opening and closing the light (ratchet gears), on a frequent basis.
Great overall product. When it arrived, the bag of epoxy was leaking but Amazon quickly replaced it, so make sure you order days in advance to avoid a timing issue. Also, while the included decorative chips are great if you like the color, if you want different color chips I'd suggest avoiding the ones with metal flakes. They are made of metal, and not flat, and caused me a ton of trouble to sand down all the little metal razor blade like protrusions after the epoxy was dry.
My package did not include the 3-in-1 adaptor to connect the LED strips to the AC adaptor. Because of this the product is rendered completely useless. I would very much like another sent out with the mentioned adaptor (white 3 prong to AC).
Item description was just like new. Arrived loose with missing pieces..
Only one of three turtles lights up at night. Not good.
Ordered 3 lights, one of them came broken
Not worth it. Cheaply made from China.
Thin cushion. Only 1 side had sticky substance. Not for round seat."Round elongated"? I added cushioning and cut 4 inches off each piece. with the addition of about 3 x cushion this now helps to cut down on my sciatic pain.
They are not as bright as expected, even with new batteries.
Fell off after a few hours.
It will be great if they work. One out of four worked. I had to return them.
I used several times and it sis nothing dirty my washing machine. A waste of money.
Leaked everywhere... put the old one on.. no leak... changed gaskets out.. still leaked... won't seal correctly.
Too expensive for a water filter.
These bulbs burn out quite quickly
This part worked for nearly two months....then completely blew out worse than the original. I think the rubber was too soft so that when it got hot it would just shred, finally breaking teeth off the couplers.
Biggest complaint is the 2 lengths of screws they sent neither is the appropriate length for my cabinet door. 1 is too short . the other too long big pain in the butt to cut the long ones down for 45 handles
I did not mean to order 5 lights. I only need 3. Not sure it is explained to me why no return? I am disappointed in Amazon.
I used to spray in a cabinet shop with a professional model sprayer. I liked the look of this gun and especially the fact that it has its own motor. What I realized is it heats up pretty quick and once you have hot air moving through your line you have to mess with your finish a lot mid spray. The other issue is cleaning this gun. In the instructions it tells you not to dis-assemble the factory connection. When I cleaned the gun I would run whatever solvent was recommended through the gun then take the nozzle pin and head apart and scrub those clean. Then wipe down the interior of the gun nozzle. The issue I had was the knob where you turn it from a line to a bead was getting paint backed up into that chamber. It got to the point where I was unable to turn it and it eventually snapped. I had to contact the company and get a replacement sent out and when I took it apart the interior was completely full of gunked up paint. This means that every time you use the gun you need to take that chamber apart and clean it, so that you don't have to keep ordering new ones.
The correct combo set was not sent to me. I didn't receive any 2'' round or triangle slides. I only received 2'' squares & a bunch of 3/4'' rounds which was NOT what I wanted. I couldn't return them because I needed some kind of slide to use immediately. Very unhappy.
I wish you could change the preset factory code. It arrived while i was at work, my daughters unpacked it and of course memorized the clearly labeled factory code and it states that it cannot be changed, you can add a code but the factory code never resets.
The lotion works great. I ordered the bundle that was to include lip balm but it was not in the box. I reported it and sent a whole other bundle with lotion, cream, and lip balm. Now I have to figure out a way to get to a place that will ship back the extra stuff the sent or I will get billed again. I wish they just sent the lip balm I advised that had been missing from the original order instead the whole that I would need to return part of.
It would not fit correctly. didn't work for me.Don't Buy it!!!
Item didnt work as stated. Would not transfer to the section I tried using it on. Others may have a better result than I did.
Product looks nice but does not produce a nice foam soap. The result is a messy, watery mix. Disappointed in the product.
If youre using lace and looking for professional results, this isnt the addition. Smells great but doesn't do a good job with release of adhesive in lace systems. Takes a whole bottle per release and proper re-attachment. Leaves residue. Prematurely ages real hair systems.
Not what I expected with the Culligan name on it. Leaked at the seal after install. Tried to remove and reseat seal with same result. Smaller and cheaper than expected.
Too fake, very orange, returned. Great idea, but not quite there yet.
Bought these a few times and never last more than a few months
They will work in an enclosed outdoor fixture. But the bulb separates from the base after several months. This happened to all three bulbs I was using in outdoor fixtures when I removed them to clean the fixtures.
THIS IS DEFINITELY A HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT BUT I CAN'T GET IT TO WRAP AROUND A STANDARD HOME EXHAUST VENT OR TO THE DRYER....I MEAN THIS WOULD BE A 5 BUT THE THING DOESN'T FIT STANDARD SIZES. I TRIED TO OPEN UP THE OUTSIDE VENT SIDE BUT STILL CAN'T GET IT AROUND THE FLUE. VERY FRUSTRATING.
Didn't notice much of a difference but perhaps my table scratches are beyond repair
I bought this product because of its professed ease of use. I did not want to sand, stain my kitchen table. And it was quick and the color is beautiful. However the paint is already chipping like a bad nail polish.... So to be honest not sure if I should have sanded first for better adhesion but it said no sanding. So maybe buy a small one to test first before fully committing
Thought it would be a little more solid for $30. Started to rattle louder than music plays after 3 or 4 times used. Had to add a usb plug in order to plug into wall.
Limited lighting, ineffective even in small space
One of the four bulbs was defective and would not work
Only had the knobs on for less than a month & one fell off when it was pulled on to close the door. Shipping was fast that's the only reason I gave two stars.
I knew this was a huge risk, as inexpensive as they were, and I was right. One candle holder is almost completely white, and has some (non-removable) black smudgy-looking marks on it. It is also carved very badly, with a very off-set hole for the candle to sit in. This one is unusable. The other one is a very, very faint shade of peachy-pink. It is carved fairly well. Nothing like the photos at all, more of a square blocky shape, but the shape is fine. Overall: one is unusable, one is barely acceptable. I do not recommend this product.
Shower heads are lovely however the non removable head is no longer working at all. It's not clogged. It's the turn mechanism that alternates showers heads that does not work. Have only had it for a year.
I used this to run a small holiday inflatable yard decoration. The clock mechanism ran very fast, requiring resetting on a weekly basis to maintain the evening schedule I had it set for. I have a similar timer inside that runs my aquarium lights without any trouble, so I don't believe this is a problem with my home wiring. Then after about three months it stopped working altogether, so I gave up and just left the decoration on continuously.
Did not fit the Whirlpool Cabrio Platinum which is what we bought it for and not worth the hassle to send it back. Went in the trash. Gave 2 stars because it Probably would work for whatever it does fit.
Not at all as advertised. Will let the gr.grandkids play with it.
Works great. I bought this less than a year ago. The sprayer is now dripping after 11 months. I emailed the vendor about replacement head and I have yet to hear from them. It has been a week since my inquiry about replacing the sprayer head.
Just not powerful enough to blow out coat. I returned it
I should have paid more attention to the description. This are cool white and are horrible for indoor lighting in living space. Way too much of a harsh white. I would have returned them but would have to pay shipping. I'll eventually use them somewhere I guess. I hate them.
It's a very blue light.
Nice sturdy plastic, and great idea - but just a touch too small for a Sonos Play 1 (despite the advertising). A Sonos Play 1 speaker barely fits, and there's so little room that it's not a stable solution in any place where there's a risk of someone brushing past. Unfortunate. That said, this would work great for a Google Home or Alexa.
SO DISAPPOINTED, ITS A WASTE OF TIME & MONEY, WONT STICK ...
OK for easily repairable work. For the hard to get back to work or important work I went to separate copper crimps and high quality shrink.
I was looking for something that would block 98% of the light given off of a fluorescent light while maybe having a cool starry sky look to it. I installed these and it barely blocked out any light at all. Now, to the companies credit, it does say "filters" not "blocks". Regardless, not for me, but it's not to say it won't work for you.
Painting the old fashion way is more economical and easier
Bought this for the low-arc design and proven Moen quality. My Moen bathroom faucets are 25 years old and work like new, so I have a good impression of Moen products. Unfortunately with this faucet, which is now a little less than four years old for me, I recently noticed the handle stops have rotated and I could no longer get cold water out of the faucet, only warm-to-hot. This faucet is in a home and has had normal usage, so there's really no excuse for this problem. Moen has excellent customer service and is sending me a repair kit, but in another four years or so I assume the replaced parts will also have worn out. One star for the faucet and I'll add another star for customer service. Also, the sprayer works well but the chrome has just started to peel off in a small spot. Unimpressive.
Sent back- color was a lot more yellow than expected.
I was really disappointed that its lowest lighting was still way to bright. I liked the idea of a 3 Way but still bottom level is to bright. I also found that it is pretty tall therefore making the lighting very direct where you position it. Not real sure I will get used to this and I bought one for each corner of the living room. 🤔
The thin plastic pin is very weak and breaks easily during installation when you snap the cover onto it. Mine broke when I installed. I replaced it with a small drill bit of the same diameter and length and works like a charm. Also difficult to understand how to install the spring as no instructions.
I like the lights and all but the adhesive back to it doesn't stay up it was up for maybe 30 mins before it fell I had to tape it up
Need to find a washer it's leaking and just 6 months old
The glue didn't work for more than 1 week
Extremely disappointing. I have no idea why there are positive reviews for this. I ordered this due to the light features (which I enjoy) and also because it looks very adjustable. The issue is that it sags under its own weight. It collapses into itself. There is no way to tighten it. Gets two stars because customer service was excellent - they shipped me out a replacement right away. However, the replacement shows the same exact problem. It's just a design flaw. It can never look as it does in the picture. Now I have two useless lamps.
Very cheap quality print now what shows in picture
Nice looking filters, however I installed and it and it sucked up the center in towards the duck work causing air to flow around the edges, then severely reduced air out flow at the vents, obviously filter is too thick. Threw them away.
The hold is honestly not that strong at all. It is flexible but does not hold very well, especially if put over 30 degree pressure
I purchased this to come of my back patio as the Sun shade. It lasted about 90 days.
They fit my landscape light fixtures. They run on less electricity than the halogens but they're no brighter that the 20 watt halogens they replaced. Returned
The installation of the unit on the valve was easy. The set up through the app took several tries and is still not working correctly on iPhones. Still trying to get all the leak detectors set up on the app.
Does not fit on my Shark navigator or my Shark pro something or other but I can make it work.
lasted 4 months before they broke. Drawer only had normal loading.
I am so disappointed with these bulbs. Bought the 6w 2700k based on the listing pictures and they are way too bright and cold and don't have that warm golden glow at all. You can see the elements but they are bright glaring white. Even with a dimmer they did not mellow out. I was wanting to use them in an exposed bulb fixture but they are horrible. I will be returning them.
they're like strobe lights! I can not get them to stop flickering.
The adhesion is very poor. Keep falling off
Love how this looks but if counter gets wet it leaves rust mark on counter. Wish it came with rubber caps to cover feet that would fix problem. And then it would be a 5!
The light from these bulbs are nice and the motion sensor works well. But, less than a month after I installed them, one of them has already died.
Lots of very small pieces to put together you need a lot of time on your hands.Very cheap not worth time or money.
They do not last long and I received two of them damaged. It confirm the poor quality :(
Will not fit your door if you use their measuring information/guidelines. Must order at least 2-4 inches bigger. Otherwise looks ok.
No instructions with then. Wasn't quiet sure how we were suppose wear them
Did not like that it did not have an on and off switch on the base have to move table to take out plug.
This is not odorless. It is reduced odor
Sry poor quality. Spring gets caught between the two plier pieces as the river holding the plier together is loose. Rubber sleeve on plier handle moves and tore apart after nearly 5-8 staples
One of the lights stopped working after 2 months. Worked great until that time.
I liked the look and feel of the product It provided a nice warm light. Unfortunately I started having a headache pretty soon after I turned on the lamp. My body didn't like something about the way it smelled. Might be just me. I can be sensitive to smells.
Installed under kitchen cabinets. Very good task lighting but they flicker intermittently.
I got a bad unit. Wasted over an hour troubleshooting. LED and remote work, but no power output. At first I thought it was my device, then my extension cord. Tried the reset button multiple times. Switched extension cord. Finally switched device and plugged it in directly, still nothing. There is no other conclusion than a bad Yard Stick. In addition, it looks like all 6 outlets have to follow the the program. I was hoping I could customize. Going to look what else is out there.
Looks nice, but began to leak at the on/off valve after 1.5 years. I do not recommend this product.
I purchased a total of 7 of these for lighting around the house. The light is bright but they are of very cheap construction. About one week after installation two of them have stopped working. In retrospect I should have bought something of better quality
Ordered the 4 pack to give out as gifts. The one I kept no longer holds a charge or maybe no longer recharges. 25% failure rate? Hopefully the other 3 are still able to recharge and hold a charge over time. Trying to see if seller will send a new one. I hoping that seller will contact me to take care of the 1 year warranty.
I didn't realize how small this lamp is. I have a 900 square foot apartment with a moderately sized living room, and these lamps are even too small for that space. I ened up giving up after a day and returned them.
Filters thrown in box with no packing or plastic wrap. Filters were damaged in shipping as a result. Decided to keep them, but I have ordered air filters for years, and this is first time any mfr. has shipped without plastic wrap or packing.
Finally got these in and on. Puts off a good light very orange, but after less than 1 month of use, 1 of 6 failed, dead! Where I have these it would look bad if replaced with another manufacturer, so not pleased at the failure! Otherwise was happy with the purchase.
Very disappointed with this purchase. I wanted a lamp with remote control, remote does not work. left two message for manufacturer, but, received no response from them.
Instructions are in a foreign language, I spent two hours trying to program it along with another person who assisted. Never could get it to operate as was described. When I spoke to the manufacturer they Advance they do not pro by the instructions unless they sell it directly and recommended I call the seller . I searched the Internet with very little success on instructions. I really wanted it to work...
the lamp is nowhere near straight and all the pieces don't line up well. It does not even stand straight.
was not what I needed.
Did not pick up that well
It's not near bright enough
This device only lowers the temp of the hot water tank. It doe not allow you to raise the temp using the app. It is worse than useless.
Lights look great. Only problem is only 3 of the 4 work Updated - now 2 of the 4 work..dont buy these
Very bad quality control, lots of molding flash that had to be removed, slots for glides were so full of extra plastic, I had to open them up with a hobby knife...also you should mention that the glides were not included with part
This was easy to use and seemed to be made of strong material but in my particular case the bar caused more harm then good. I am installing some luxury vinyl flooring in my sunroom and need something for helping to lock in the panels where my tapping block could not fit. This fit in the space but after a couple taps it actually ripped some of the top layer of my flooring off. Maybe it was user error but I'm not willing to chance damaging more of my life proof tiles. They are not cheap!
Not too sure what happened but the air filters fit great, and the water filters are unusable.
I order 20 pic and receive 19 can u plz send me 1 coz I paid for 20
Bulbs are fine but they emit the ugliest blueish white light ever. This is nothing like I would ever wish to look at. I have no idea why anyone makes a bulb other than warm white. I realize this is advertised as daylight but daylight looks nothing like this.
Works ok. Very cheaply made
Impossible to install to existing standard junction box without drill additional hole in the top mounting cover. The look is nice. If not for that, I would have trashed the piece entirely before spending so much effort to dozens pieces together and mount it. I wonder how other buyer could have it installed.
I would not recommend
The first one that arrived had a discoloration ring at the base. The second one we ordered, the base is chrome and the rest is brushed nickle.... it's a little wobbly. What we do like is that it's heavy and and big enough for our granite kitchen sink.
Pretty light fairly easy to install but it came with 3 lights burnt out & didn't get anywhere with customer service
3 came with the coils crushed and over lapping. Couldn't use them.
The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because I thought I had to take the back off to install the light and it would not go back to together........my fault! Unfortunately I had past the 30 day return date so I'm stuck with 2 lights that will not rotate for proper light positioning
3 out of the 4 lights ordered work great! 1 needs to be returned for credit. Company states to go through Amazon and Amazon states to go through seller. Asking for help with a credit process. Thank you.
I purchased other Minger products before and had good experience. This product, however, does not work well. The "light sensor part" seems fine but the "motion sensor" does not work. It seems to be super sensitive. In my case, the only place where this seems to work is in a dark are in my basement with virtually zero light and zero windows, even minor light sources (shadows, night lights even far away, etc.). They did not work on any other area where I wanted to use them: outside porch (with no other light bulbs within at least 30 feet), hallway in my house, etc. I contacted Minger and they have started to give me a runaround instead of advice and solutions so I'm close to returning them.
I grew tired of replacing the incandescent bulbs under my microwave (an over-the - range unit) and thought LED bulbs would last longer and save energy. The light wasn't quite as "soft" as I thought it would be but I could get over that. There was no observable blinking like you sometimes see with LEDs, which is a plus. However.... To give some context, the microwave has a bright setting and a nightlight setting. After about a month one of the bulbs stopped getting brighter when the bright setting was selected. A couple of weeks later the other bulb would not get brighter when set on the bright setting. Both bulbs still worked on the dim setting but not the bright. Am disappointed because I replaced these with incandescent bulbs that lasted about 3 months. I think part of it is the bulbs experience a lot of heat being over a gas range.
Lock is not water proof. I used it to lock a box on the deck and it's rusted even before the start of winter. Would not recommend it for outdoors.
definitely looks like I paid $6 for it, didn't end up using it on the door I had originally planned swapped it with one from the basement. It does however change size quite nicely, works with a surface mount mortise lock and an inset one so it is adjustable.
I like the handle, but a couple things make it a little annoying to live with every day. From the inside, the little turning mechanism on the handle that locks/unlocks doesn't pop in/out to allow opening the door while locked. In order to open the door from the inside, you have to turn the lock mechanism every time before being able to turn the latch. The mechanism doesn't have the option of being able to open the door from the inside while locked. On the outside, unlocking the door with the key is in the opposite direction of the handle's direction to open the door. The key unlocks by turning counter clockwise and then you have to turn the lever clockwise to open the door. These things might sound minor, but do it multiple times a day and it gets old. With my old knob, I could open the door from the inside even if it was locked, and from the outside, turning the key unlocks and opens the door in one simple motion.
I like the color temperature of the bulbs. When it's connected to a dimmer, even in full brightness the bulb flicker very badly. It's connected to a Lutron Maestro dimmer. Very disappointed.
We found that these work just fine with Google home, and have multiples. However, the problem we are having is that the 2 purchased in December vs the 2 we purchased in January, are different in appearance and SIZE! We are trying to put 3 in a box... not a good look when they are not all the same, and, the newer ones DON'T FIT A STANDARD U.S. PLATE! That's fine if you only have 1 in the box and use their supplied plate. We don't know what to do... except return all 4. And I don't get a response from their customer service link. That's a bummer because they function very well.
These were quite lovely but unfortunately did not last more than 5 months :-(
Not truly dimming in my fixture. Jumps from extremely dim up to very dim.
NOT 10 mil thick ! Shame on Amazon representing tarp thickness as 10 mil, it measured 8.5. See attached photo with vernier caliper readout. Tarp is opaque white, not tan as other reviewers have reported. My item did have all its grommets intact. Decided to keep item as it "will do" to cover my spa's thick foam insulated cover. Just not happy when a product on Amazon isn't received as specified.
Worked well for two weeks, then the post that inserts into the drain broke off. Seemed like cheap plastic covered in a thin layer of metallic material.
The lamp is beautiful but I feel I was cheated into buying it. The colors are NOT the same lit up as the picture implies. The ad above seems to imply that when lit up the lamp changes colors to yellow and red. It does NOT! It maintains the green and orange lit up, but if you take a picture it will give you the red and yellow above. Maybe I missed it somewhere, but I can't remember the ad saying anything about this; in fact, the ad seems to imply the lamp "changes colors." Very disappointed that you couldn't be up front and direct.
Part is ok I just got sent the large wheels which won't work on my dishwasher. Make sure you order the right ones.
I ordered these to replace the 12 candelabra incandescent bulbs in our dinning room chandelier.. I ordered 12 and all but 1 worked. Within two weeks two more went bad so I ordered 3 more. It's been just about 1 year and three more have gone bad so I ordered 6 more. I thought the LED lamps were supposed to last thousands of hours but these don't and there is no warranty at all for these.
Lasted about a month and broke. Need a quick fix tell you can afford a better one then this would be good for that.
My kid loved this product, but after just a month or so of use it became very floppy and hard to position correctly for reading. I also noticed that the battery did not last very long. I ended up buy a rechargeable version for my son that works much better.
The shower head does not light up and I was looking forward to the lights.
Instead of being a true red color, these have regular white color inside with a red plastic round covering on the top, so the color the shines through is orange.
The tape seemed old. It shredded as we pulled the pieces and people in the class complained about the quality.
Isn't picking up from about 125 ft.
I wanted to use this product to help me wake up in the morning. I downloaded the app and set up the timers to turn on and off at the correct times, and I played around with the funky color settings too. They all worked fine, although I couldn't figure out how to set the sunset/sunrise timers to use the customized color temperature. However, I discovered that unless the app is running in the background on my phone, the light will not turn on when it is set to. Since I don't want to have to reopen the app every day, I'm returning this product. I am going to use an old fashioned christmas lights timer instead.
Its indicated that this product fits nearly ALL Moen but not mine. Too bulky!
they break easy. Not very good quality.
This light wasn't good as I expected.
I hate led and florescent lighting. I find the "warm" lighting offered with both types are still too cold for my taste. Some get it very close to warm/soft light, these are cold...nothing near warm...nothing beats the warm glow of incandescent lighting. Another thing I hate with led and florescent is the slight buzz or flicker my eye can detect. Did you know that led's can actually interfere with a garage door opener, reducing the range or the door not opening at all if the led light is close to the door opener antenna. Anyway, these are still a bit too cold and my eye can detect a slight buzz effect. They fit perfectly in my under counter puck light fixtures. The original xenon lights while casting a nice warm light got ridiculously hot! to the point I was afraid to leave them on too long! These led's are much better, very very well made...actually I'm very impressed with the quality. My set up isn't on a dimmer switch. After reading all the negative reviews about dimming issues. I will buy a led type dimmer switch and see how well they work. I have a feeling most negative reviews are due to incorrect dimmer switches and/or electrical disturbance from bad home wiring and poor grounding. led's are very sensitive to this. ***UPDATE*** I went out and bought a dimmer switch appropriate for Led lights and installed it. These work flawless, dimming all the way down without any flickering issues. I would think most people have the incorrect dimmer switch or poor electrical wiring not grounded correctly. even so, I may return these as they're a very cold, greenish white. Just not a pleasant tone even when turned down with the dimmer switch. Ultimately, these are not as described....says warm light....it's nothing near it. I have other fixtures with "warm" led lights and they are a lot closer to warm tones. If you don't mind a cold bright white with a slight greenish hue...these will work for you. Again, these are well made and work well with the appropriate dimmer.
Sadly just arrived and has dirt/mold inside the bag. It will be returned.
Loved the design, but the locking system seems very cheap.
I'd love to say that this is a great faucet, and for about 6 months it was. Unfortunately, the faucet head has now failed twice and the replacement took over a month to arrive, leaving me with a barely functional faucet. For a $80 faucet, I might put up with it but this is expensive and frankly pretty poorly engineered.
Item was a wonderful addition to my shower, until it decided to no-longer stay up. The only thing it was holding was my razor and my phone. Now just a paper weight.
I have bought 2 of these. The bulbs burn out within a month.
They are very cute I really liked the circle shape BUT WILL NEVER BUY MORE! As soon as I pulled them out of the box 3 bulbs broke- very thin and cheap. I'm not sure if I even trust these outside in the elements Disappointed.
After a year and a half lights started flickering. LED lights should last a long time...
One ear phone does not work
Not as useful as I was hoping. I move my entire house hold from D.C. to RI. I think I used this twice, and it was awkward for me to use. If you don't have a dolly, buy that first.
These were really great at first, but two out of the four that I ordered have already stopped working. The two that work are great, love the app and the fact that they work with Alexa. One glitch was that I had to give them unique names because Alexa was having a hard time distinguishing between my devices. When the first one broke Amazon was really great about it. I think this time with the second one I'm going to call the manufacturer.
Uses batteries quickly that is the reason for the 2 stars.
Bought 4 of these and installed them under cabinet driving little LED light strips. Only had about one 15-foot LED strip on each power supply. These lights are on about 16-18 hours a day. It's been five years and one just died today. Another one is starting to have some issues. I don't know, maybe 5 years of use = 5 stars. For me, I would have liked them to last longer...
They don't work. Moved them around to several locations but got the same results. Regardless, they still look good in the memorial spot we purchased them for.
One of 3 died within one day
Low quality timers that didn't last long before they malfunctioned or stopped working all together. One still "works" but can no longer be reprogrammed because none of the buttons work anymore. You get what you pay for.
Put it together easy enough, when we turned it on the top light came on and the arm light flickered and went off. The arm light will not come on. Kinda disappointed as that was the main feature I bought it for.
Didn't fit, took forever for it to get here
3 of 5 light fixtures were damaged. Lens were broken and fixtures bent at both ends.
Don't understand how to operate it
They are nice but they are not as bright as shown in the picture.
I have look at ladder went to install would not fit into space, I looked everywhere on my order and can not find a return button, I need to return ladder and have no clue on getting ladder returned
Unless price alone were the primary consideration I wouldnt recommend a second hand or refurbished unit. Not that Ive not purchased refurb'd products for myself. Unit was not factory packaged, bubble wrapped only. No instructions or warranty paperwork included. Item not advertised as refurb'd but appearances say otherwise. Only product name keeps me from sending it back. Insofar as another alarm with CO feature within 3', fire alarm conditions set to ready.
Bought this for my kitchen during remodel. Everything was great at first.....but the nozzle started leaking, didn't want to sit on straight and just had a lot of problems with this. What's bad is, I BARELY used it and it deteriorated badly and quickly.
Not a very good sound barrier!
So I bought these to use with the Ambience Pro LED outdoor string lights. Seems many others did as well because that's how I found this product. But it took me about two seconds to realize that these would not work for me. At any setting 50% or below they flicker, which unfortunately is exactly where I'd like the level of lighting to be because these are some bright lights. Now it's not a crazy strobing flicker, but it's definitely enough that I can absolutely see it, noticed it immediately, and that is just completely unacceptable in my opinion. The box even says that there may be some flicker, so it's obviously not an isolated issue. There are also about a million buttons on the remote that you will never use. I have a feeling this product is meant for incandescent lighting or christmas lights.
Used in a chandelier over our dining area table. Get a fair amount of use, at least 4 hours a day. Chandelier has 5 bulbs. Unfortunately two of the bulbs burned out in relatively short order, one in about three months, one after 12 months. Now we have four of these, and one mismatched bulb as these came 6 to a pack when we ordered them. Will look to a different make for the next order, no matter what purpose. Will try for a warranty replacement when I get a chance!
Not really a flourescent light like i was led to believe.
These units are a lot larger than I expected I would like to return them , however I don't See the option
I like the pattern of the lights but unfortunately you cannot see the lights until you are right beside our house. We can see the lights on our neighbors' houses (who have other brands of lasers) from all the way down the street. When driving home we cannot see the lights on our house until we are pulling into our driveway. I really wanted to like this laser. The pattern is great and I love the timer and sensor but I do not love that you can't see the lights unless you are basically standing in our front yard.
I ordered 2 sets of 15 (30 total) I only got 10 Talked to amazon, they sent a replacement, only got 10 in the replacement package. Still missing 10 out of the 30. Very frustrating. Good news is, they are beautiful and look great, but be aware you will not receive the full amount
I thought this looked like a very innovative replacement for my toilet. However, once received and going over the instructions several times, I found that the attachment sleeve to the product did not have enough room between the fixed vertical filler tube and the back of the reservoir. Therefore, this was worthless. As all designs of toilet reservoirs are different, note that my toilet was made by Western. As for the return, Amazon wanted $6 back for the return of an $11 product. Not please about that at all. I'll keep it for someone who may be able to use it in the future. Not happy with you, Amazon.
it did not look good in the room but worked in another place
battery doesn't hold power , after charged keep 2 days later , turn it on , no power
Nice sleek looking fan but came damaged- motor was at an angle so the fan would not operate.
U get what you pay for
Had this for a month and worked great. One day it stopped working. I changed the batteries and worked for a day. Cycled the buttons to get lights on and now nothing happens. Like the concept but don't think this light holds up.
Lights seemed and looked awesome! But they are not.. Easily will fall off bracket if touched while mounted WILL DRAIN BATTERIES!!! Seriously they burn thru batteries
I like them, they're strong enough. But they're too wide for a standard door depth and wobble so my door won't properly shut without putting a shim between them and the door.
Its very cheaply made and there is only one screw that holds it to the lamp post. It never gets snug on the post and you run the risk of cracking the plastic if you try to snug it up. They need to use at least one more screw and the normal is three.
These tools kind of work, but you have to be VERY careful! These stripped most of the screws on the outer case until they couldn't be removed. Basically wasted money for the custom case and tools because now I cannot take the Switch apart to put the new case on.
The fingerprint lock release mechanism is not reliable enough - I need to keep the key handy.
This ladder is very heavy, unwieldy, and difficult to use. It is very difficult for anyone but a big brawny guy to carry it or set it up alone. The clasp pins are very hard to pull out and because of the weight, it takes a lot of strength and two or more people to extend it while standing up. It has slid back on itself and pinched our fingers when we were trying to do so. It arrived with several of the plastic edge covers cracked. One was missing. I am a small but strong female who uses large ladders often for my work on sets and lighting. I am unable to use this ladder alone and find it so cumbersome to use even with help that I avoid it unless I have absolutely no other option.
I had to disassemble to get plastic dust and pieces of the lenses. Also disappointed there isn't a way to focus or adjust, so everything is fuzzy and out of focus! I've seen these tons of places, but not one as bad of quality as this. I'll leave a 2 star because it works...
The dragonfly does not work.
I wanted them underneath my cabinets as night light, but they just lasted 3 days. Poor battery performance
These are night lights, not very powerful. Do not get if you are looking for a significant light source.
All 4 arrived in an undamaged box. The lights just never worked. I changed the battery with a fully recharged battery and the only thing that happened was that the lights flashed twice and then stopped. Putting the original battery back in caused lights to flash twice and stop. Pushing the button on the lid did not help. Covering the top did not help. The description says the rings are made from aluminum alloy. I tried a magnet and it didn't stick. It seems like a quality product, but I may have just gotten some from a bad batch that was not tested. :-(
Yes it pumped water. The tether was too short to keep a consistent contact to run the pump. But when it does run it doesn't shut off when the water is gone. Returning it.
It was the wrong part. Didn't fit in the freezer. Part was not the same as picture shown.
The light strip won't turn red or any variation of it. It just turns off when I try to change the color to red
lights are failing after less than 1 year.
Not satisfied with this light. Will not purchase again.
Good solid safety bar but Have issues with mounting bracket covers popping off.. poor instructions, deltas website is no help.
I ordered the measured size, but it was about an inch larger than the size I ordered. It would cost too much to return so I kept it, but I do not use it.
All this is worth is the cable. The jumpers, clips, and extensions aren't secure, causing me to just solder all of my lights together. Junk
After a few months, the switch to change from one sprayer to the other on the handle stopped changing. very poor design. I would exchange it, but that window has now closed. What a waste of money.
It functions in my ceiling fan designed for halogen lights. Bonus. But the dimming capabilities are terrible. At some levels it flashes and some it turns off. So we put it at maximum and added other lights in the room.
We installed two of these lights last fall at a seasonal cottage. They worked GREAT and we were so pleased. THEN, we returned this year and they were not working. Took them down and saw that - IN ONE OF THEM - there was moisture in the motion detector part and under the solar panel covering. So took it apart to dry it. EVERYTHING INSIDE WAS CORRODED and rusty looking, to the point that one wire was no longer attached to the solar panel. The other one is clean inside - no corrosion and wires attached , but for some reason the light no longer comes on. We are charging the battery to see if it's the charging panel or the light panel that is not working. VERY DISAPPOINTED, as they were the perfect solution while they were working.
A stake light isn't very useful when it is shipped without a stake. Seller has been contacted with a request to ship the missing stake. I will update my review pending resolution. For what it is worth, the fixture and cord look solid.
Good fit... But every one of the 12 I got had chipping in the hinge like in this picture.... Poor finish...
Flickers when connected to a dimmer switch. Will also flicker if used where the temperature is low.
I have used this product twice now. Once with an empty dishwasher and another time with a loaded dishwasher. We have hard water and a stainless steel (interior) dishwasher. This did absolutely nothing on either the white or rust hard water stain in the dishwasher. I gave it 2 starts in case it unclogged any of the water spouts. Would not purchase again.
It looks perfect in the picture but, the head sags loosely over an inch below the neck. Cheaply made and lacking a magnet to hold the faucet head in place. I ended up buying a namebrand to avoid wasting time and receiving another cheap faucet.
I loved the shower head until the washer or seal or what ever it is in the inside broke and the shower head blew off the shower arm. I need to know how to get the little ring that broke to fix it. I don't want to buy a new shower head since this one is new. Can anyone help me or tell me where to get just the ring. It hold the shower head on the arm.
After 6 months out of 6 bulbs I bought 3 have stopped working
Their size is small and doesnt fit properly where same size of honeywell fits properly
needed plug. wasn't one!
After 2 years it is leaking white powder out of the bottom. It was not dropped, but seams are cracking. Doesn't last. I wouldn't recommend.
Flame Emulation mode is a disappointment. It does not look like the posted photo here on Amazon. Just flickering LEDs behind a milky plastic cover. Fuzzy blur effect. Sending it back. Looked cool, but not so much.
Feels very cheap, rightfully so but when it tried to get a battery in it did not want to work well at all, ended up having to buy another toner but you can bet it was not from this company.
the look of it is great but unfortunately after we install it and use it when you switch it from shower to normal tap it doesn't switch easily and lately it just working as a shower and can't be switch to regular tap ..which it wet all my cloth whenever I use it
The picture was misleading. It makes the quote look much larger than it actually is. It's good quality. But, the furniture in the picture distorts the proportion of the quote. So, buyer take notice.
Metal fan cover was plastic and broke the first time I used it.
Looks cool but the metal cap started separating from the plastic lid a few weeks in. Rust spots on the plastic doesn't come off either.
Decent product, but didn't bother to package it even remotely well. Arrived damaged and no surprise - the box was trashed and the Styrofoam inside was crumbling.
this grease screen is fine but clearly the metal frame is thin and cheap.It will bend if you are not careful.
Made the room very dark.
The keys to the safe must be inside the safe. There are either NO batteries or they have fallen out because the keypad is not working. Someone needs to get me some KEYS!!!
The item shows the USB ports as rather dark, but instead they are bright white. Not the looks I was expecting. I have not installed the item yet so can't rate its performance, but in terms of listing accuracy its not a good review.
On trying to set the timing tabs four popped out of placement and two of them broke of and now one hour is permanantly on.
The battery life on this light isn't very long It's bright for the price but it'll get really hot and shut off sometimes so you can't leave it on for very long. Unfortunately this flashlight also doesn't stay very well because it's kinda awkward and the magnet isn't strong
It will not work through a glass fixture. They must include that in the product description. If it's exposed it works ok.
Didn't quite last a year. Braided line cut hose to sprayer.
I received the item 2 days ago. It was so easy installing it and moved the lower rack of the dishwasher very smoothly. And the best part was it cost half as much as the one from KitchenAid
Looks like a great product. Bought 3 packages of the 3/4 inch but it doesn't fit on our 3/4 inch piping. They don't accept returns.
Good, but light is cold and somewhat weak.
Wouldn't adhere to my door. I ended up using adhesive magnet tape and that did the trick.
IF you like brushing your teeth or washing your face with the water blasting full blast, they work. Otherwise at normal water speeds they don't work at all.
Product looks fine but packaging has a lot to improve!!! Who would send a heavy coil of wire in an envelope???
disappointed that the brackets don't lock in the folded position. they are also much less stable side to side than I expected. wouldn't buy again.
Two day shipping meant five days to start off with then when I installed the fixture today, both ends were bent, the light bulb receptacles had to be bent and manipulated to make them appear straight and one of the cages that hangs down is broken. After all of the rigging I had to do to it to make it work, it's not worth it to return the light but I could have gotten better quality for this price at a big box store. Disappointed..
I purchased this over two years ago and never found a great place for it. I didn't want to place this on a wood surface as it pulls water particles from the air & leaves rings. I had to pull out each salt piece and dust off the salt that broke and deteriorated after sitting for so long. Finally placed this in the bathroom, as a night light, on the counter. Nice to look at but I've noticed 0 change in air quality or good vibes. I'm not sure what I expected besides magic.
Purchased 2 and 1 broke after a week. Poor quality product.
I'm not going to give this Item a bad review because I could have just received a bad pair. I followed the directions provided to a T and I could not get these bulbs to work. After returning them I went to Batteries + bulbs and bought a set and the worked perfect right off the shelf. These bulbs require you to remove the ballast and run hot to one end of the bulb and Neutral to the other. They didn't work for me. Good luck
I applied it to my toilet which looked great however within a few days it no longer adhered. I used a blow dryer as suggested.
I had to return it - but got my refund without a problem. Here were the issues: (1) color was nowhere close to copper/metallic - let's just say the particular brown color it was made it seem like I had already used it for over a decade in NYC, (2) the box it came in was very damaged and ripping at the seams - it looked like old halloween candy - passed on from one unhappy customer to another, and (3) it had some wear on the sides, where the paint had been scratched off, exposing the metal underneath, and making it susceptible to rust. The one positive was that customer service was amenable and I returned it without a problem.
We had a problem with the length of these drains fitting our plumbing, so beware of your application. Not sure if dimensions are supplied, but a detail I did not consider. They are plastic, and did worry us how durable and functional. We never got to try out the function. Ordered a more expensive brand in bronze. Loved how they looked though, matching the Truffle Blanco sink (that we are happy with).
either it doesn't work or you have to let it set for a decade or 2, not sure which
barely could pump 8 inches only lasted 3 months would not recommend
Bought 4 of these lights and one already stopped working after 1st day of the electrician installing them for our kitchen remodel. Not too happy after seeing another review of the same nature.
I'm disappointed, the seat was comfortable and fit the bathroom decor well, but it broke after 18 months. I would have expected a solid wood Oak toilet seat at this price point to have lasted a bit longer. There is only one person living in my house so the seat doesn't get heavy use, so I can't recommend it.
I was really excited for these light strips and ordered the 32ft strand to use for my entire room. However, after using the first half of the strand, I noticed the second half was snapped in multiple places right along the LED's...it seems like it is about to snap completely at any moment and has a slight flicker... not exactly what people pay for. Overall, I am disappointed and the reason I am giving 2 stars is due to the second half of my strip being damaged on arrival. The lights are really nice and what I expected, however, I am disappointed that I only have 1/2 of a 32ft strand working 100%.
It's good for makeup applications
took longer then I thought to get
Brought the camera on Feb 4 one work one don't .it only lasted 6 months. not happy gave them 3 chances. all three were bad
After one week 2/4 lanterns do not work. Very cute but not good quality
I'm always confused why simple things like this get overlooked. Even Apple does this crap - a plug should never block another outlet! These work great - just set up them in my office with the scene "good morning" to urn the new LED floor lamps on when we come in, but alas... a pain in the A$$ because they block the other outlet in the wall. :-/
This seat is not a slow close like the last one I purchased. I use this in my child care and it is constantly being slammed down. It is so heavy that even I find it hard to close softly. I'm going to have to find another seat before I have to buy a new toilet. Very disappointed.
Sensor did not fit thru standard peephole - Returned item.
Ehhhh... Did not like their appearance. Seams easily visable. Removal is not an easy task.. These will ruin drywall without a doubt. Fortunately I used over Laminate..still a PITA to remove
Product came damaged. Shipping box was intact and it appeared to be packaged fine so I imagine the damage occurred prior to packing. One is bent so it doesn't sit flat on the stove and another has multiple deep scratch marks that have removed the black color. Based on this, I imagine they won't hold up well so probably not worth the cost.
Easy installation. Horribly slow and inconsistent charge from the USB Outlets.
I bought this product for my new house. great price and looks good. I moved in to the house in September. It is now December and i noticed the water pressure was low so I took the head off to clean. I started looking around and realized the insert where the on/off handle goes has broken and it leaks like crazy. Save your money do not buy this product.
sprayed on all my clothing and camping gear for a trip to Patagonia. Spent most of the trip cold and wet.... use at your own risk.
Nice quality of a lightbulb but did NOT work with our 3-way lamps as described - will be returned.
Liked it at first lightening nice but toppers discolored less then 1 year they would not take it back some lights went out less then 4 months
product worked for about a month, then the ocean wave movement stop working....
I wanted to like these. There is not a whole lot out there to select from with a 1/2 stem. However, too much slop. There is slop in the bearing assembly and wheels. The sum total caused my workbench to wobble much more than the lower rated casters I was replacing! Returned.
Bought this light and it didn't even work for a day!!! Makes me so so mad. Don't buy it it's not worth the money
broke after a few months
Of the two lights, one works perfectly. It is mounted where it doesn't get direct sunlight, but still charges well enough to provide light when motion-activated. The other will not go into the motion-activated mode, and my complaint has thus far been dismissed.
Great product if you actually need a 5 inch stopper. The discription lists this as 4.5 inches long. Exactly .5 inches more than I can handle. ;)
Work fine but numbers are difficult to read
Have had this product since February and followed the limited included instructions for installation. Had to use gorilla glue today to get it to stay on my cupboard as the adhesive gave out. It's nowhere near a heat source that could have melted it
I got a little use from the bottle and after calling the company it is a very old bottle and a few years out of useable life. So it quit being able to be usable soon after I opened it.
Like the product but they do not work with timers. I put them behind cabinets and dressers throughout my house for ambiance but when I hooked them up to a timer, they just don't work. I still have one the box unopened and probably will never use.
It's crazy how far this thing stick out. We can't find a single place to put this where it doesn't look ridiculous with how far away from the wal the towel is.
On the positive side this aesthetically looks nice as you can see from the picture. However, when you receive the item, you will see why it's so cheap. This does not feel very sturdy... and makes noises when the mailbox closes (at least my version did). Pretty disappointed... i wanted to like this.
I have a standard round toilet. Although easy to install. It barely covered the toilet rim. It was not cushiony or comfortable. I kept it because it was for a seldom used toilet.
It was good while it lasted, 6 months into using it mostly weekends and it has stopped working now. Led its on but ligth is really dim now, i have other 3 more and are doing ok for now but will see if they dont stop as well.
I am pretty disappointed in the quality of this set. I installed yesterday and there are already spots of the matte black chipped off the set. In addition, the deadbolt is super stiff and doesn't track smoothly. Very poorly made.
They not maintain electrical connections with the battery and often fail to illuminate the screen
Ordered and paid for 2 received 1 and an empty bag??? Product is great purchased before
I am giving this product a less than a favorable review because the product I received is NOT the same size nor did it come in 3M packaging. I had ordered the 3M product previously and that is not the same as what I received. This product just came in a little plastic envelope, not 3M packaging. I am returning it.
I live in Florida and power goes out a lot (brown outs) I have the wink plugged into a battery backup but it still seems to turn on the lights every other power outage. I had my front door lock on it until I came home to an unlocked door!!
We bought a 6 pack of 60w finally bulbs last month, I thought I'd chime in with my very unscientific review. I obviously can't weigh in on the longevity of the bulbs, but I will say that only 5 of the 6 bulbs we received worked from day 1. Frustrating and annoying to say the least. In addition some of the others had suspicious rattling noises but seem to be functioning as expected. Before you assume we received a roughly handled batch, both the shipping box, and the individual product packaging was undamaged. The light quality is ok, definitely has a warm/pink cast as mentioned in other reviews, which I was aware of going in. We decided to buy these because we believe in investing in quality items and buying once instead of buying cheaper options over and over. I'm not satisfied that these bulbs are quality, versus just over priced and a gimmick. I suppose time will tell.
Smaller than expected and you can't see the color as much on the mirror.
Bought this as a fast alternative to my regular epoxy to fill in cracks and fix splinters in reclaimed wood. This epoxy smells exactly like dog s*** when mixed and takes an overnight sit to harden completely. It takes so long to fully set up without gumming up sand paper that I'd be better off with a better quality regular set time epoxy for my use
These bulbs were advertised as non-flickering. However they do flicker. and the replacement bulbs also flickered. I am sending back the replacement bulbs since they were no better than the ones originally ordered
Easy to set up,picture quality great even at night. Unfortunately kept disconnecting even on high speed internet, not reliable if you want to know whats going on with your kid at that moment.
Horrible packaging. The light cover came broken. I didn't realize until after i installed the fan. By then it was too late and I only noticed because it cut my hand. That's why it didn't get 5 stars. The fan itself works fine... only now it looks ugly because the light bulbs are exposed and I have 2 cuts on my hands. Also, missing one chain (the one for the light) had to use an old one I had
They sent the wrong size. They very nicely refunded the purchase price and told me not to ship the wrong ones back. Good service there. I re-ordered hoping to get the right size this time. They have not sent the order and Amazon claims to have no record of the second order, but I do have my print out out of it. So despite several tries I still don't have the casters I need.
Purchased 10/2018 to combine plugs and chargers together. Just 4 months later I notice that the Red Surge protection light is no longer on and my internet speed has decreased. I have my internet booster plugged in to this outlet. I have tried contacting the company since it has a 1 year warranty to no avail. Of course 14.99 you don't keep the paperwork thinking is should last at least the year. Wrong, please keep all your paperwork so if yours breaks you can get it replaced. Worked great while it worked. Also no green light anywhere to be found as the description states.
I bought two of these to control split ac's in two rooms that need important temperature changes at specific times. Setup was pretty easy, and they worked pretty well upon testing. The issue is they fail to work intermittently, I regularly have to check the temperature change and about 15-20% of the time the temp has not changed according to schedule on one device or the other (I'm talking multiple times in a week). I'm pretty technically saavy and have troubleshot the devices, my phones, the network and both devices repeatedly, still give me intermittent issues making it a big pain to have to daily double check whether the changes have gone through or not. Extraordinarily inconvenient for my uses. Sometimes the app boots me out and i cannot sign back in for a while (spinning wheel) preventing me from using it at all. Sometimes the temp changes on the device but not the split ac units. My request for assistance or guidance on other steps to take has gone completely unanswered, no response. Had I received a reply or assistance I may not have left this review. Really disappointing because when it works it works well. If your temperature changes are crucial/mandatory and you cannot double check them physically with your own eyes, then I wouldn't recommend this, could cause big problems.
And it barely helps with allergy/sinus...…...very mentholated but that is it...….I could use vics at a cheaper price
One is still going strong. The second set died after about a week.
I believe this product to be a return as the packaging was not great. Easy installation but once installed, the lock would not take codes on the first try, would not auto-lock after 3 seconds, and made a very loud grinding sound before and after the lock mechanism was slowly engaged. The app is also lacking as there is no way to know which code you are sending someone. I returned the item.
This product should really be 5 bucks. It's not high quality material, the suction only lasts enough for a shower so I have to take out shower head and suction head after every shower, then repeat. The shower head I purchased is not angled and this does not allow to switch the angle very much so spray ends up at other end of tub.
Motor that spins the lights stopped working after 3 months. Would not purchase again.
These solar lights are to help illuminate our pool deck and patio; however, even after charging in the sun all day, the light given off is very weak and could be a safety hazard.
Does NOT FIT on the side of the radio.
The light is very bright, but after one use the motion sensor stopped working. Requested a replacement, so will see if the new one has the same issue.
Head broke off trying to drill in ceramic tile. Takes a lot of effort to drill 2 holes. Waste of money.
These would've been perfect if they actually stuck to the wall...I'm giving it two stars cause they looked great while they were up. I'm also not sure if these were legit command strips because they had a foreign language on the sticker. Anyways kind of a waste of money but oh well.
Definitely not 60w equivalent !!
One of them looks great. Its orange/pink like it's supposed to be. But the other is almost white. I'll have to return them.
Very VERY cheap. Light works okay but product itself looks used. Plastic is severely scratched up. Actual light fixtures look old, worn. Definitely NOT a new product. Came inside of a cheap cardboard jewelry box taped up.
Motors were noisy. Only one fan direction control switch. The fans will work both blowing in, both blowing out and one in and one out but there is no choice on which blows in which direction. Sent back same day. If the fan motors were quieter, I would have kept.
They look Georgeous but break SO easily. Half are broken now.
Product works beautifully, but the quality is questionable. We used the bar soap holder to set a washcloth on. A week ago when I put my washcloth on the soap holder the whole thing fell off. Now there is an ugly sharp metal rod sticking out. I've only had it 4 months. May want to try another brand if quality is important to you. I expected more for the price.
When connected to a USB charging load that varies its power draw (i.e. a Qi wireless charging pad for mobile devices), an regular intermittent humming sound can be heard from the outlet. It's loud enough to be noticeable in a quiet room (especially at night). I found it disturbing enough after a couple of weeks that I ordered a similar product from an alternate manufacturer (which was/is completely silent). I believe the circuit design/build quality to be poor. Steer clear and choose alternatives (readily found on Amazon).
Purchased several boxes of these to replace our townhouse rental bulbs throughout. After spending countless hours reading through hundreds of reviews and scouring Amazon and the net for good quality and high lumens bulbS, I decide on these. As LED's are not inexpensive when first replacing, and you only experience money savings with usage down the road, I was disappointed to find 1 of the bulbs did not work immediately out of package. Would have given 5 stars, if this were not the case, as they are bright and efficient, and to find LED's in this shape with this many lumens is difficult. Disappointing.
This stuff is not worth the money for the amount you get its like buying a can of under seal and if the surface is not cleaned perfectly it doesn't stick and peals off.
NOT mighty bright! Very dull compared to others I've used.
They are nice but one of them stopped properly working after a week.
The wholes on this shower head clog very easily. Doesn't give a straight spray after that
It will not fit a standard air vent. It is not wide enough.
Really does not adhere to bond all the materials they list. It is an oily glue hard to work with on anything other than a really flat surface otherwise everything non flat just falls apart. Not good.
I purchased this to carry cases of water into my house. I'm a 67 yr old granny with a bit of arthritis . The package was very heavy for me to lift but the deal breaker was in step one of opening the cart: the 2 little red plastic levers that you are supposed to squeeze together to lift the handles was ridiculously hard. I even asked my strapping 6'3" son to give it a go and he couldn't get one of them to move. So now I have to tote it back to ups and ship it back. Next time I'll go to Lowe's and try them out first. addendum: UPS will come to my house to pick it up..
Purchase to use in my old 18v dewalt "snake-like" light. First bulb lasted less than five minutes. Thankfully it was a two pack so I gave the second one a chance. So far with about an hour of use it still works. Light output is good (not great) but better than the original incandescent bulbs. I also have the 18v to 20v dewalt adapter to use with this light and these bulbs do not seem to like it. Not sure which is to blame but the combo of the two causes this light to flicker. Would probably go 4 stars had both bulbs worked, unfortunately they did not.
I am sure it is great for painting with roller or brush. I tried it with a sprayer and it blew off before any paint hit the wall. Had to do all kind of touch ups where the plastic was supposed to be.
The fan looks good and works well. However it didn't come with the bulbs. I bought the bulbs separately from Amazon and when I tried to screw it in, the bulb holder thread broke off. Now one of the lights don't work.
So I have a size large mask. I know because it has a large L on the tag. I'm not normally a size large and wear dust or vapor masks in fit "all size". but this says to put the straps over the ears. The strap does not reach my ear canals although they will with a lot of work stretch out, but the ears are not strong enough to keep the straps on. I ended up cutting them (straps on ears) and adding ties to get them on. But for the price I would have thought they at least be close. It has tighteners for the straps, but that will only make them fit mice or maybe a small squirrel. Oh and the rubber exhaust valve isn't wide enough to operate during the exhale I tried to take it apart as shown in the instructions, but I think it needs to be cut open because it won't snap. I can't recommend to anyone.
I love this lamp but the small lamp clip that is to be used to hold the small globe on is missing. I have a small hose clamp holding that globe on currently.
Unfortunately, these were a big waste of money. They really are horrible. I just used them on a flight to/from LA and it was essentially like I had nothing in my ear to block out the noise. I had to guys across the aisle from me having a conversation the entire flight and I could hear every word. Pretty clear sign to me that these don't work. I would be better off with the bright orange squishy plugs I get from HomeDepot.
Low tack adhesive, paint bleeds under, apply in curves is almost impossible because it breaks easily. Not recomend for pro painters.
Didnt work. Had to return.
I put a lot of work (4 rolls) into covering and mitre cuts on our patio steps. It was fine for about two months and then started coming up.
It was for our dog to stay out of the weather. It didn't hold up against the wind and rain
22 years is extreme exaggeration. I bought in October 2014. 3 years later in Nov 2017, only 1 of 3 is still working. This is under indoor conditions and being used 3 hours per day. I don't turn on & off very often either. 1 failed in around 2 years and another bulb failed recently. I don't recommend at these high prices.
The switches looks good and seem like working fine with only one (main) issue. When we dim the light it start flickering. It is very annoy.
This dispenser looks great and is very easy to install. The dispenser works but soap constantly dripped from the spout long after you had used it leaving dish soap running down the side of the sink all the time. I returned it.
Half of them don't work, get what you pay for I guess.
Only comes with one bulb and didn't work
As a bathroom fan this thing is ok...certainly quiet enough seems to move enough air. As a light it is not good. It's is bright enough but I had to modify it to fit LED bulbs. The main issue with this light fixture is the globe/cover what ever you call it. It's way too heavy and the install is blind. You have to try to thread it into a hollow threaded rod. It can be done...but only a thousand better ways to do it. I need 7 more bathroom exhaust fans for an up grade job I'm doing. There will be no more of these.
The plastic nut attaching the toilet seat constantly jiggles loose. A real pain in the ass
Very small. Would not buy again
The picture on these cameras was so so. the night vision didn't exist. I sent all back.
This Lamp Is OK but not what I expected for the price. It is plastic and f poor quality . If you need it just to light a room its good , but don't leave it on for long periods as the bulbs get hot and the plastic shades may melt.
Not much light given off. Good as an accent light but nothing more. Cheap plastic breaks.
Makes noise at low speeds
Graphics are great but magnet does not stick to anything! Have to prop it up against counter back
This is a small seat and I mean small as in adequate for children. Adults will find this seat uncomfortable and not sturdy. I'm not a big person at 5'6" 150lbs and I had this seat on the commode for 2 days and had to make a trip to the local supply house and get a replacement. The manufacturer should have stated in the description that this is not suitable for adults.
Very little blue, mostly white and grey unlike the photo
Arrived with powder in the box and damage to the ceramic coating on a corner. After exactly 1 use and a clean, it has started to rust near where the coating is damaged.
It really stopped the water in my laundry sink so was happy with the purchase. But it was short lived. When i tried to pull it back, the ring came off. We finally had to use knives and spoons and what not to get it out of the sink. I am scared to use it again in the sink.
We could not get the lights to ever come on. We tried new batteries in both the power box and the remote.
Not happy the bottle is half empty. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the “glass half full” but in this case is definitely half empty!!!
It worked fine at the beginning. I was happy with the ease of use of this product and ended up buying two. However, BOTH began to leak around the nozzle base after around two year's usage.
It locks, but is a hassle to get the key in the hole!!! Looks like it may be due to corrosion.
The product was mostly as expected and direct replacement. However the middle thermal fuse was broken and crushed. I didn't have time to wait for return and replace, as I needed the dryer repaired ASAP. I reused the thermal fuse from the old heating element assembly, and am hopeful it lasts. Disappointed that the terminals weren't better protected in the shipping process. I have attached a picture of how it was broken.
The latches for the lid are so tight, when trying to open the lid, you're likely to pull the entire unit off the mounting screws.
I received my order but the letters will not peel off so that they could be used , they are stuck to the backing I tried different ways to peel them and tried different words and they are all stuck, if you have more you may want to try it for yourself. I really want what I ordered but can use them
I switched to this brand because I've had bad luck with Insta Hot units. It lasted 2 years and 3 months. Not satisfied.
worked for about 7 months. Timer won't stop on any settings anymore.
I like this. Don't get me wrong. It has a powerful treble speaker, very vibrant colors. and over all works great. However. It will NOT connect to my personal phone, or my back up. It will connect via Bluetooth and I can play music. but the app will not find the bulb on my phone. So now I have a bulb that I can play music on, and will randomly be a different shade of white every time i turn it on.
I had several set up so my kids could walk to the bathroom at night time. The inner components only lasted a year. They have all failed some of the battery clips broke, some just don't work. You get what you pay for.
Ordered a quantity of 3. Each quantity is a 3 pack. They shipped each quantity in a separate box with little to no packing materials and the entire order could have fit into one box. Haven't even installed them yet.
Replaced the entire serviceable portion of the dryer; heater element with heater plugs and both thermostats. The high limit termo sensor failed in less than three months. Not very high quality replacement parts. And tearing down the dryer although not rocket science, it is tricky untill you learn the techniques. Make sure you properly align the drum both on the top and bottom of the rear housing and spinner wheels. Wear gloves and long sleeves if you can. There are so many sharp edges that I cut myself no less than 5 times and I wouldn't consider myself to be careless. Did draw some decent trophy blood but it was all entirely unnecessary.
When I brought the item it worked really well. (I would have liked to have a temp control on it, but otherwise loved it.) Then right after the return date expired... stopped working all together. I haven't been able to get it to work at all since. Cant return it, but thought I would warn others that it is not a very durable item. At least, the one I received wasn't.
I've never used a more wonderful shower head! I liked it at first, but then I realized it didn't do much. I wanted soft water to help my hair but this filter doesn't seem to help at all. I notice a big difference showing in soft water and using this filter.
Didn't work as Expected
Expected more of a beam straight down. Light spreads.
Cheaply made. I have no idea what the hook is for.
Shipment arrived with the case broken and all the contents all MIXED UP!
Light wasn't such a "warm" soft white. More a harsh blue light than advertised.
Timer tops out at 2 mins Died in less than a year When it worked, very bright
Doesn't stay clipped to the book and it took a long time to get it adjusted just right.
If you aren't an experienced with working with these types of butt splices don't order these as something new to try... I have used many different connector for last 20 years and these a found to be a pain rather then beneficial... The clear heatshrink is so thin that if you don't have your heating device ever so perfect your done!! Wires are through!! Also solder isn't easy to get an even heat without air pockets and air tight seal... Not impressed...Had higher hopes...
ordered 6 items from this vendor and after putting them, my neighbor noticed that only 2 lit strings lit up bright blue and the rest you can hardly seen the blue led light comes on. very disappointed especially now i can't bring this to Amazon or the sellers attention except writing a review. the 2 stars are for the other 2 that continues to shine blue.
not and outdoor plug as was selected when searched on site
The battery life is not very long.
The refresh rate of this is pretty bad and noticeable.
Not a replacement for Cabinets to Go plastic fasteners.
It was not big enough so we returned it.
Not good for concrete. Broke 13 out of 24 pins/spikes after about 6 hrs. Maybe great on other surfaces.
Replaced two outlets in my kitchen island with these outlets. Overall I was disappointed with the purchase. The usb and standard outlet give power no problem. Unfortunately the standard plug is difficult to use. It feels as if something is going to break with the amount a force to plugins cords. I have tried many types and they are still the same.
I gave these bulbs a chance twice. I first thought I bought a bad batch, so I tried a "different" brand. the bulbs were similar but both didn't last 6 months. By the time you realize it, it's past the point that Amazon will return them. Stay away from these. By the way, I found that the candelabra LEDs rated around 12W (100W eq), put out more light. Good luck.
Worked fine for about 2 weeks. The arcs became less defined, very soft / fuzzy until it finally died. I could smell something burning so I quickly unplugged. I would recommend not leaving this lamp running while your away from home. I have no reason to believe it could start a fire, but the most common source of electrical fires these days are cheap power adapters...which this lamp definitely uses. When it worked it was enjoyable.
I was really excited to put the lights out in the patio of my house. Once I opened the box I discovered that 1 bulb was broken and 7 bulbs didn't light up smh So much for putting them out in the patio. I'm sure if I had no issues and the bulbs all worked they would of looked real nice outside.
I had been using this product with no issues. It does what it is supposed to and filters the water without complaint. I had ordered a replacement and as I was taking it out of the package, which was not designed for ease of use, it fell a couple of feet to the floor. One of the tops broke off and made my $40+ product useless. I know this was my fault and not directly caused by the makers, but I would not have expected it to have broken so easily.
This thing is really screwy. I've had it for a month and since getting it I thought it kind of had a mind of its own. After setting it to 78 degrees and hold while on vacation a few days I got back and set it back to run which I had setup specifically per day/hour. A few hours later noticed it was hot so I checked it and all of the schedules were set to 76 degrees. It makes no sense.
I got these because my allergist recommended them. They probably blocked dust but caused many issues. They block much of the air so your vents can't heat or cool your home as well. They also put a big strain on your system. My HVAC blew out a component because of these filters. The repair man told me it's better to change you intake filters once a month. Haveing your ducts cleaned every few years can significantly reduce the dust and or allergens from your vents.
Having used metal ones before I thought they would be more sturdy. You can roll them up and cut them if they are too long. I'll know more about cleaning once they get splashed on.
This is a VERY bright light. I used it in the kitchen and it is too stark white and hurts my eyes. I'm sure it has some great applications but would not recommend for a soft indoor look.
Did not fit well. Ended up just changing type of lights.
They ripped right away when I put them on
2 of the 5 bulbs lasted for over 4 months. The rest didn't last more than a week before dimming drastically.
Only one of the solar lights operated. Despite several days of solar charging...the second one would not turn on. Unfortunately, I missed the Amazon return cutoff date.
The connections are very fragile, not very stable. The actual strip of lights also seems very fragile. They were easily damaged. Actually one strip never worked properly from the beginning.
The plastic on this product is to soft on the hook area and has no hold for any object that you hang with it.
2 came in a box and one of them quit working day 2.
does not work, lights on all the time, by 2nd day both lights & EXIT light got off. Installed by electrician.
Instructions booklet not accurate. Asked to choose Electrical Outlet but there's no such option in the Smart Life app.
hardest to use masking tape ever. Every time I peel, it always tears prematurely. Annoying.
The door came in what seemed like 200 pieces. I just assumed that the door was assembled then we would attach hardware. Not the case! Found a better quality door at Costco for $100 cheaper. Not to mention the $45 it cost me to return it!
I have two other normal salt lamps, but this lamp, for whatever reason, smells like burning plastic when I turn it on (and yes, I unwrapped all the plastic from it).
They are sharp looking, however one was blown after less than a month of being in the bathroom, a second one blew about a month and 1/2 after being installed. We are very contentious in turning out our lights, so I am highly disappointed with them. They should be 1/2 the price if they're not going to last long.
Mounting flush on the ceiling was harder than it needed to be. Given the way they mounted (all according to the instructions), they were not secure. I ended up buying other lights that were much easier to put up and absolutely secure.
We got some stick-on Magic Sliders and after a few days they started coming off the chairs. After reattaching them a few times, all the glue was gone and they became worthless. If they stayed adhered to the chair legs they would be fine. They slide OK. You are probably better off getting felt pads which will also come off in time, but are a lot cheaper.
didn't like the light output and clip.
Did not work very long had to buy a new dishwasher
The round ends were egg shaped so they did not fit or slide in the original seam
38 bucks for a 50 dollars bulb, never again. Can't get it to accept this Phillips hue bullshit or Amazon's bullshit.
I was disappointed in the sizes I was fooled by the ULTRA LARGE description. None of these are really designed for furniture.
Product would kinda blink off occasionally when base was bumped from the start. Lasted only a couple weeks till battery wouldnt charge. Doesnt even turn on anymore.
I was excited to get this to make my leaf pick up easier. I mainly use it as a vacuum. The hose won't stay connected to the plastic piece that connects it to the machine part! A lot of good it does if you suck up leaves and blow them back out because your hose has disconnected! I tried to use another zip tie but it didn't work.
Didn't work as well as Niagra. Can't return. Disappointed.
3 year old loved them....however Mom didn't want her to put on the wall.... so she just put them in a book!
I thought this was a restorer as described. Nope! It's just paint.
One did not charge right out of the box, and others only last a few hours into the night.
Has to improvise to stop leak on third try.
This lamp is absolutely ridiculous. It is jet black not bronze ish as it looks in any of the pictures. There are no instructions and different size crystals and it doesn't tell you where to put them. If you've got about a week free and nothing better to do go ahead and order it. Also, now that I spent two days putting the damn thing together it doesn't work. So angry.
Not light sensing stays on unless you turn it off.
Setup was a pain. What makes these worse is that they drop off WiFi at least three times a week. I even added a router in the same room and that doesn't help.
The lower spout stop working about 3 months after use. Had to take the inner seal out to get it even get water to flow out.
Unreliable video capture. I am a systems engineer and could not figure out how to get this device to reliably record video. Sometimes it did and sometimes it did not. The video was very dark and grainy. Sound recorded just fine when video was recorded. Also, when plugged into my laptop the video captured was upside down but this can be corrected with the video playback software; just another annoying feature. Recommend spend a little more for a better product.
One of the light bulbs was a dud
Im not happy because the filter was broken in the superior part. I don't have time to send it back, this is the second product that came with missing parts or broken.
The lamp was okay. I didn't realize that it didn't have a power cord. I wanted the lamp to power something else, not have to be powered. Returned item.
Bought this to mix thinset and it broke it about 2 seconds. May work fine to mix paint, but not anything with a thicker consistency.
The faucet came with multiple scratches on it
Super cute and bright but the battery box was not fully assembled with all the pieces, so I could only use the USB plug to turn it in. Inconvenient for displaying the light where I want it.
Big drip pan was bent on the bottom.
The seat started to split open in the seams 8 months after purchase.
The bracket could have been done better. But the issue was no instructions (yes, they are printed on the back of the box - but not much detail) and no hardware. Although the back of the box shows 6 screws, I believe. Overall, poor experience.
It is a nice shower head but it does not show as brightly as it does in the picture. And it does not show the colors as colorful or as many as you think. However the water and the pulse massager Etc is very nice.
2 out of 6 bulbs arrived broken because they were mailed in a thin box in an envelope that was crushed along the way.
I ordered the 2 pack of the touchpad light dimmers. 1 works and 1 does not. I'm guessing the touchpad is defective.
Had the unit a week short of a year before it started malfunctioning. It now refuses to cycle through all of the colors and brightness. Have to settle for a choice of three colors and low brightness.
They look bigger in the pictures and I was missing 2 rings ( I ordered 2 packs so I ended up with 8 instead of 10) I had a friend who also had bad luck as well I let it go because I didn't want to go through the hassle it's my fault for not speaking up
The brightness and color or the lights are good. I decided to return because I don't want to use the chains to install them. And I don't trust two slide screws from keeping this thing from falling on my expensive cars. Surface mounting these is difficult and. It worth the time and effort to run 10 of them in a large garage. Buying something with a better surface mounting system.
Tiny!!! Expensive for size!
Poorly made. Two of them broke in a week
At first I loved these bulbs. They were a quick change and added a brightness to the room. I quickly replaced several other fixtures with the same LED bulbs. Fast forward a couple months and one of the bulbs started strobing and flashing. I removed it. I then walked into the bathroom to find this melted bulb lens on the floor. Upon inspection it looked like the LEDs got so hot the bulb just melted apart. Not sure why this happened but I can't trust these bulbs anymore.
Nice and bright, but after only a year, I've had 3 of the 6 bulbs begin flickering constantly. Will replace with a different option.
Worked for three weeks and one of the crapped out. Other one is still going let see how long it last.
Arrived on time, packaged well, & arrived on time. However, there were unattractive black streaks, not on the surface, but inside the salt crystal. And there was no bulb included as advertised. Will return.
these things fell off my wall in about an hour. batteries last about three days in these things
Under cabinet kitchen. Must be recharged every other day. Don't buy this.
I assumed this doorbell could be programmed to have different chimes for each button, this was not the case.
One still works and the other doesn't. Disappointing.
I purchased this pump in June 2017, March 16 2018 the impeller broke, I obviously should have purchased the warranty. Still pump impeller should NOT have broken, this pumps intake was wrapped with two sizes of screen to prevent intake of foreign objects and was held in free water not touching the pond bottom.
The candles work great and look very nice. But the remote that came with them didn't work, I even tried replacing the battery but it didn't work. I'm super disappointed, the main reason I bought these was because they could be remote operated.
Description said nothing about product shipping "bulk" / no retail packaging. Arrived two batteries in a zip lock baggie. NO idea if these are new or if they came out of someone's camera.
Works fine, but found them VERY difficult to program the first time. Not sure I would buy them again.
The lights are fine. My issue is that I paid $50 for 2 sets of these, but needed more. I took a few extra minutes to search, and found the same product for less than half of the price - I paid $17.99 for another 2 sets - total, not each. I feel this product is way overpriced, but I had already put them in my yard.
Bought two initially. One didn't work. Company replaced it. The replacement one didn't work. They sent me a third replacement at no charge when I cancelled the order. Good customer service that's responsive. However, the build quality is extremely cheap. Not worh the hassle and will not have long lasting durability.
My smart light switch worked great for the first few hours, but having gone through three of them now, I can safely say that KMC's switches are not for me. Every time I would get it installed, it would work fantastic for a short period of time, but in some random increment, the LED indicator that it was connected to WiFi would cut off. I would try and manually turn off the light using the switch itself, but it would not do anything. After some troubleshooting, I found that resetting the breaker would get the switch to come back no problem. It would even save the WiFi information so I didn't have to re-pair it to my network. Unfortunately, it would go back out in a few hours. I should not have to reset my circuit breaker just to have smart lights. Returning this and will save to buy a nicer product.
These filters don't allow adequate air flow. Each time we have installed one, the air conditioner stops working. We reset it, it works and then as soon as we place this filter back in, it stops. I'm not sure what they issue it, as other brands have never done this! We even called a repairman and there is nothing wrong with the AC unit.
Didn't work after about two weeks
I'm not sure if these arr helping. I don't see dead bugs in them, I bought 8 for the whole yard.
I don't know what kind of fitting this bit has, but it isn't normal/round so it is quite challenging to get it straight. If it's not straight it bores larger holes and larger holes result in weak bonds.. So it's cheap has nice parts, but what were they thinking with that bit.
Stop working after a couple of weeks.Not worth sending back
Not bright enough + who needs a green light ?
Not holding as advertised and is not waterproof if the tape does not stay stuck.
Wouldn't hold a charge and even when it was fully charged it couldn't open the blinds. Junk!
One of the 4 lights did not work and looked like it had been used before. Other lights work fine and give off good light.
The lights do work but the motion sensor is terrible. You have to be within a foot to activate three out of the four of them. I would not buy again.
I really wanted to love this product. I did a lot of research and ended up purchasing this one. Unfortunately the handle you grab when removing this strainer from the drain broke within the first month (about 10-12 uses is all). Now I'll probably have to change out the whole drain assembly if I can't find something that will fit in the existing one that is more durable than this strainer was. Cheaply made.
I guess you get what you pay for. Lamp fully assembled is crooked. It also came missing inserts in the posts. In my opinion it's ok for the price. But that doesn't excuse missing parts.
It says works with IFTTT but when I set it up it is not visible from IFTTT. The Smart Life doesn't show IFTTT compatibility either.
One of the 6 lights came broken. It would only turn on when the battery is inserted and then nothing happens after that. Will return and buy a more reliable set. After reading reviews it looks like other people are having similar issues.
Not a fan of the seller, no response to messages. Sink is esthetically pleasing but it stops there. First sink was broken and bent. Second was broken but I just did not have energy to re send it back for another. Look elsewhere for better quality, we had to rog way to clip down the sink. The only saving grace is that it's a heavy sink so hopefully it won't lift.
I purchased one and one of the LED lights did not light up on the strip. I sent back to Amazon and got a refund and ordered another one. On this one the motion sensor does not work in auto mode or any other mode. I can turn it on and off, but really wanted the motion sensor. Very disappointed in product. I'll be sending this one back as well. Has anyone else had this problem?
1 out of 2 doesn't work.
Shuts off whats feeding through it, really don't like that it does that.
Does not fit cabinets that do not have flat surface all around
Very cheap but using in basement so I don't care
I thought that LED bulbs were supposed to last for several years, but I had two of these EcoSmart bulbs stop working after only 18 months. They worked fine while they lasted, but I would not buy this brand again. They are way too expensive to only get 18 months use out of them.
Half of the light packs are broken and don't work.
These were used for a outside pillar light, on at dusk off at dawn. The brightness was fine but they only lasted for 1 year.
Lesson learned. Read the instructions. We have a wide gap in our door so i was looking for a thick seal. This looked like a perfect choice but instructions say to splice in half lengthwise to seal the whole door. I need to buy another package to complete the seal for our door.
I have used CREE bulbs for a long time and been a bit fan but this model failed after 8 months and of course their warranty isn't worth the paper it is written on due to them requiring the receipt and proof of purchase. Who on earth keeps barcodes for bulb! I give it two stars simply because when it works it gave a nice l light and worked well in our fixture but the lifetime is way to short. I'm going to take a try with the Philips equivalent and see how we go despite the slight price premium over CREE.
Dislike: not bright enough for more than a good night light. Deal-killer. Dislike: one light has good motion detection... the others, just so-so. I have to wave my hand around them Like: Easy to install
Half of the lights did not work when I received them.
The bulb was bright and looked great, but when I changed the color to green (for the holidays) it kept changing back to white without having any disruption in the power. When the power was turned off via a switch, it went back to white too. I had to reset the color to green every so often, which was annoying. The reviews were great, so I am guessing just a bad bulb. I will be returning though.
One of the fans were no good. Worked on low only.
I gave this as a gift, the painting on the angel was very poor and I was very disappointed.
I was excited to get these after my wife found mice in our pantry. They're super easy to set up and I liked that you shouldn't have to to use the mouse. But the bad news is is that I've had the trap go off 3 times now and it hasn't caught the Houdini mouse yet!!!
failed just under 1 year later. was used in the laundry room and activated regularly until this week. thought this would last much longer. i'll just get a regular bulb next time.
Bought 4 sets and all have experienced problems and not lasted more than 6 months. The bulb covers are pressed on and fall off. Batteries don't seem to hold charge for long, when discharged the settings (ie: flash or steady etc) needs to be reset, which is a problem when control unit is in an out of reach location...
Bought 2 , one of the locks broke when I tried to take out of package.
3 Bad out of box. One dead 2 flickering and I Mean blinking on and off like it's Xmas or you are turning the light switch on and off. Too late to return. I bought three to always have stock and when I went to use noticed several were bad. Disappointed
Lights works well but the magnetic adhesive strips are not holding well. They fall off whenever the lights are placed on them
I returned it because first off it came with scratches already on it, then got even more scratched up just sitting it down on a table! Come on people!
Falls off and breaks easily in the heavy rain. Nice decoration tho.
After installing this my washing machine worked just fine. After 2 months it quit working again. It could be my machine but since it worked fine for a couple months I have to assume that it was the drain pump.
Good lock but could not get it to work
Good price. We'll see how well they work.
nice fan but the remote does not work, was refunded for the remote but I will have to disassemble the fan to install another remote unit.
One bulb works fine the other never worked from the get go.
Is there any way to trouble shoot?
I love the light. It is 3 way which is perfect by my bed. putting the backplate on the wall was easy enough, only problem was the white knob(s) that are supposed to cover the screws that hold the backplate to the wall and then come thru the white lamp face plate were missing.......no....one was missing but the one that was there did not fit properly. these are not just decorative but essential to hold the plate to the wall........ inside the box was the email address and phone number I plan on calling tomorrow and asking for two more white screw covers...other than that it was easy install and works great!
I have very dry, and sometimes cracked, heels. This works ok, not great. I have had other creams that worked better (prescription cream containing urea worked the best).)
I purchased these locks because they were described as having 7mm shanks. I needed that size to fit a hitch ball lock opening. However, upon arrival, they did not fit as the shanks were 8mm. Returned immediately, thank you Amazon! The seller's description was inaccurate, not sure why.
Product received not the brand advertised. I specifically ordered this brand as it is the one that came with the lamp. There is no place to leave seller feedback.
I have used this type of epoxy before from an industrial source, and the strength of this project was a disappointment.
The handles strip easily. Not a good selection of colors.
Comes with zip ties. Looks good. Delivered as and when stated. Will provide feedback after 30 days of use with photos. Until I actually use it will give it 3 stars as I don't have an opinion yet.
Bought to replace as i like the size
Used to hang random tools. Worked pretty well.
Would prefer solid stoppers...too flexible
Maybe I expected too much but this is a pretty flimsy item.
I have had them for a couple of weeks and one has quit on me already. When it worked the motion sensing was surprisingly good and they were pretty bright.
I bought this to match an existing light fixture and it was a miniature version to the ones outside the garage door. I requested a return and they send me a shipping label and I returned it. They did not credit me the full amount and deducted shipping costs. This was not disclosed. I would have kept the fixture and installed it somewhere else.
worked really well with my gate
Just what I needed. They will strip out if not epoxied or welded to your turner, they are what works though.
I thought these were the full color lights but they only have red, green, and blue light diodes. The remote shows multiple different colors but the actual result is just some combination of the three colors. The pre-programmed modes are pretty cool, and being able to have static lights or dynamic lights with changeable speeds is nice.
Cant get these bulbs to connect what gives? All my other Govee products work just fine. I CAN get them to start blinking but nothing after that. If / when I get these things to connect, the 3 star will change to 5 star. Wish me luck!
I like the shades very much. I ordered 3. One of them will not stay up. It keeps coming down. I even got some double stick carpet tape which is extremely strong. I applied it, but it came down again. What do I do to get another one without paying for it. This shade is faulty.
i have them in on shepherd hooks in my side flower bed. I like the size and shape-- but they burn through batteries quickly.
I ended up not even using it. It was useless for handles mounted in the middle of drawers. I ended up making my own templates out of craft paper. It would be OK for corner mounts, especially if you are not handy.
These were a bit dimmer than I expected. I ended up using them in a different picture than I intended. I am giving them three stars because every bulb has lots of scratches towards the top. Looks like they were rolling around on a rough surface at some point. This is unfortunate because it is very obvious when the lights are on. Packaging was well.
It works best but dimensions are not standard, left the gap of about 1/2” or little more when fitted, I had put some additional insulation to fill in that gap. Otherwise okay so far. Wife's says air quality feels better , so have to take her word for it :)
The product it self is fine, well built and straight forward to install. However, I can't get inside deliveries because I have a security system.
Nice lights for the price but case to put batteries in is very difficult to open. Had to get my husband to get it open.
The lamp was easy to assemble, even without directions. The shade came with it, but thre is no way to attach it to the lamp.😕😕😕
a bit flimsy... pretty sure you could just pull this open by hand. but good enough
Did the job. Came with screws to tighten it.
Claimed to fit Coralife RO system It does not. Too tall. Didn't need to change them until last week. That's when my aquarium maintenance guy showed me that it was impossible. Disappointing, now the return window is closed.
I didn't realize these are sticky and don't want to put on my beautiful hardwood floors because I'm worried it will permanently mess up the wood. The instructions didn't say if it's safe for hardwood or not.
I like how they look but two of the lights do not work
I recieve requests and have yet to use the products, sorry.
It looks great on the box but when you hang it all you notice is the bulb. Because there is no cover, it looks unfinished(to me). I'll probably switch it out.
First of all let me tell you the lamps are beautiful, I love the look, I love there is a USB port so we can charge our phones. You won't get a fast charge but you will get a steady slow charge, which is good enough when you are sitting next to your phone anyway. My problem is I got one shade with some junk stuck between the layers, directly opposite of the seam on the shade, so it isn't easily hidden, because you either get seam or what looks like a spider, to look at. Only really noticeable when light isnt on, or you know it's there, and you think what the heck is that? (Because you think spider!) I'd like to state again the lamps are a beautiful addition to our room. Ports work lamp can be on or off, just a non spider looking friend in one shade. You probably won't have that problem with yours.
The mount hols well and supports the back-up monitor well. The problem is the tension that allows the mount to swivel left and right is too loose to stay in place, and there's no way to tighten it. Had to use tape to stop the monitor from swinging back and forth while driving.
Lock works intermittently, have to move lock handle on the inside of door slightly to use keypad to lock door otherwise it does not engage throw mechanism.
The safe itself is great, I like the design, although I thought the space might be a bit bigger. Largest disappointment is that I saw it a little later at Walmart for $50 less, even though it was "on sale" at Amazon for $200.
Cute set, but I didn't notice any difference
Need plenty of water pressure to operate both at once
There is some fading on the top after a few months of using but either then that works really nice. Also not a very strong pressure comes out
Bought this try after using the jar version for years. It works okay but feels more watered down and not as good on the hands as the cream that comes in the jar.
didn't pay attention to the SIZE of this padlock---it's huge. I needed something smaller for the gym locker room, but I kept it anyway.
Liked the ease of install, and shower head works great. The hose started leaking after 6 months. Had to replace it.
The bulb went out after one year of operation. It worked great before that.
pretty cheap material...moves around with the weak magnets it has...is a bit short for standard registers...easily gets knocked around even when lightweight drapes brush across it they move off the register. I'll look for better ones next time
Well made. Color options are good. Reason for my 3 rating is that if the light is in the open and it snows because it does not give off heat the snow covers it and the light does not display as intended.
Kinda cheap but does the job
They fit by laying on top of the grease filter, but get sucked up by the exhaust fan when it is turned on because they are not attached to anything
Good build. Works well after setting up. Have to dock a few stars because the setup is unnecessarily complicated.
Seems like a decent thermostat. But I couldn't get it to actually control my furnace. Had 2 different experts out here. Had to uninstall.
The lamp works and looks good in my room. However, I read reviews that stated it was real natural wood. I received composite wood with laminate finish...not what I was hoping for in the quality. Just another cheap piece of furniture.
product is good but packing for shipment sucks filters were damaged upon arrival
It works but it is not too steady.
This light is everything i was liking for but the power button is flush with the rest of the base so when I want to turn it on at night you can't just feel for a button or switch so I have to look for my phone in the dark and shine the flashlight on it in order to find the button. So I'm not sure if I will keep it or return it
Easy to install and looks just like the original. On the down side, the magnet is not as strong as the original. Had a hard time keeping food in place.
Bought for a cruise to have extra room to hang stuff. Magnets hang to the walls as expected however were not very strong. You wouldn't be able to hang a towel on these and expect to stay on the wall. I hung my lanyard on it and my necklaces just fine but it would have struggled with much heavier items.
Good but couldn't get the app to work in order to get them to change color or work w music
Way bigger and bulkier than it may seem. I even measured out the dimensions but when it arrived it just took up a lot of space. I sent it back but it was sturdy.
I ordered these to keep my cat from getting into the cabinets in the kitchen. Some pieces had a stronger magnet than the others. Out of the 4 I ordered (they come in packs of 2), one wasn't very strong so he still opens that cabinet.
Put these up in my office because the fluorescents give me migraines. Light quality is great but overall product quality is not. 4 bulbs burnt out in the first 2 weeks. They might be great if you're just using them for a couple hours for a wedding or something but if you want lasting lights for your patio or other long term installment buy something else or get used to changing bulbs every week.
Ended up returning and buying a Schlage lock. It's not bad, but there is a huge difference in internal quality when you go with the big brands. The most important connector cable was very frail.
Pros: simple application. Buttery soft, matte finish. Cons: strong smell that lasted a few days. Wasn't actually "clear". Turned my clean white milk painted dresser into a dirty whitish color.
The adhesive on the back is not as sticky as it should be. It unstuck when I first put it up and now it's just being held by a nail... Not fun
It just doesn't seem to be as good as traditional brands of duct tape. Also, it seems to like to always tear sideways rather than up and down which is aggravating when scissors aren't handy.
cannot handle real heavy rains
It's an okay little light I bought it for my chicken coop but the problem is that I'm new to the solar thing it didn't come with any directions so I'm winging it trying to figure this thing out
Decent product. Larger hooks don't hold a ton of weight and seem a bit flimsy. Was hoping to use these to hang my bike - that's a no go.
This is great if the rodent is small. I have many traps that were triggered but there are no mice in them.
We found it a little difficult to install. Seems sturdy.
Rather weak. I didn't expect the sun out of them, but there nowhere near the brightness of another set I have.
Looked nice, but returned because of odd design. The ring should have been mounted out from the base so that the Towel doesn't hang against the Wall.
I bought two. I am disappointed with the brightness. It's Ok, but not what I had hoped would be intense amount of light. One of the two has a base that rotates. When attaching magnet to vertical surface (all my applications present vertical mounts) it falls like a shoestring.. I mean noodle. Or cooked shoestring. The other does not, will rotate and hold the correct position. If they could double the light and fix the mounting it would be a killer solution.
Shower head worked well for the first 14 months or so. It began to fall apart a week ago or so. Really liked it until then - but it's literally coming apart when I use it now. For the cost, I guess one year was a good deal.
More expensive than from home depot. $6 at Home Depot. Same quality.
Not quite what I expected, but looks good overall.
Disliked the uncertainty about fit.
My only complaint is the decorative cover rings are a bit difficult to affix and tighten over the mounting rings. Also, these decorative cover rings have extremely sharp edges - razor sharp.
They work well, but you have to look at it for several seconds to get both the temp and the humidity. I wish they would display them and the time as well all on the same screen at the same time.
Worked like expected
Nice but too big for my needs
Only came with one light bulb not two like pictured and the lightbulb is pre attached, so it arrived broken. Otherwise good.
How would a person know how well it will work until it goes through at least on year if seasons?it came looking like it went through a war. I believe it should be replaced without me having to own a workable printer or drive over 50 mile round trip to return it.
This item was scratched when I received it. But the fan itself is fine.
Doesn't dim..only on and off. Bent
Although it has settings for motion, it takes a bit longer to turn on the light. I do gotta say that it is bright. But the most important part for me is the motion which I'm not totally satisfied with.
Not enough instructions for setting up.
Doorbell probably only run two dozen times before front button broke and fell off.
I put in my basement and they seem to be slow to come on, also they go off to quick leaving me in the dark.
I'm disappointed already and I haven't opened up the box. Amazon delivered it to me as is. And NO TAPE. The box could easily be opened before it got to me. I'll update on the actual product once I use it. Amazon is getting lazy & cheap.
Looks nice but weight of glass makes it bend down further than it should
Super loud and gets really hot. I used this motor for a cup turner I built. And while it does the job (turns cups) it is really loud and get extremely hot. I keep a little fan blowing on it in hopes it doesn't spontaneously ignite and burn my house down and I don't leave it running while unattended, which sucks because my cups have to turn for a minimum of 8 hours. I use this when my other turners are loaded up and I have orders to fill. BUT, it works.
It's okay, not really sensitive enough for me and doesn't stay on long enough.
It's a cheap outdoor light. Ours broke and we purchased this as a temporary solution until we find a better one we like.
I disliked one of the 2 going bad only after 22 months. It flashes like a strobe light instead of "burning" steady. Had to take it down. Will look at other brands.
Installed the light which was a little difficult but not too bad. Within 10 minutes two of the three lightbulbs blue and didn't come with any extras.
The screen is screen and does what it is supposed to do however I bought a roll that was 48 inches long and the end 12 inches were crushed and creased making it totally useless.
They work ok. I have had some of them unstick themselves from the wall and shelves, but others have stayed put (thus the three stars -they do seem to work, and it has been about a month and a half so far). I purchased them to hold ethernet cables in place (prevent a rats' nest) when I rebuilt the in-house network. If they had a hole to put a nail through (as an option in order to keep them in place) or the glue was a bit stronger, I'd give the rest of the stars. The failure rate of about 1/3 is the reason for only three stars. Still, overall, they're working.
I hated this roduct. Quality is low. far from ok.
Reasonable price but with the thick plastic shade it was not as bright as I hoped. Wanted to use it for task light but didn't work well for that
Too many pieces in the pack. Not sure if I assembled properly. Many more pieces than shown in the picture
Sturdy,good quality.Came with absolutely no hardware.
We purchased this 6 months ago for our home. We don't have children that could mess around with it and we don't do anything crazy to it, but it's leaking everywhere. We have replaced the filter multiple times and now the water explodes from all directions and we have no idea why. Not purchasing this again :/
Works well and it's light.
I ordered 10" and received 12". The packaging said 10" so I assume the original manufacturer made the mistake. The Amazon return system seems quite good because I should receive a replacement today, only 2 days later. Hopefully, they will not be 12" in a 10" label.
These are okay knobs. They are not as brilliant as the photos. I had to get shorter screws even though they are the same length as original but I could not get them tight enough. I should not complain as they are as good as the price I paid.
They work OK. Hard to open and close vent. The first pair I ordered were damaged. They probably need to ship them in a box and not a padded envelope. The second pair arrived slightly bent but I was able to use them. The vents are still hard to open and close.
Nice lights very bright, only negative is the shapes fall off easily, I had to glue them so they stayed in place, be prepared to replace batteries often.
The 'regular' size worked fine on a standard size bulb base, i.e. old household type bulb. The 'candelabra' size extractor I think is for a larger than candelabra, maybe a E17 size such as appliance, e.g. microwave, bulb size.
Arrived today with pic case cracked and busted on the corners. Possibly a packaging issue.
Not what I expected. I use plastic tarps to cover my sofas when I'm away to prevent cat stains. I generally buy a roll or 2 from a large box store. This time I tried this product. It is way too thin for my use. I believe it's my error for not reading how thick it is. I couldn't use it for covering the sofas but I'll keep the product in case I need it for a lesser job!
Like it OK, but seems kind of flimsy. one of the edges broke while I was taking out of the box. Didn't install where I planned, but will find another use.
I used to cover a threaded rod that was mounted to support a printer. But I banged my hand into it's sharp threads many times. This stuff was layered on thick over the two thread rods and my hands no longer got cut when I bumped into these supports. I also used it on the outside of a clothes washer drain hose that was leaking (applied when dry). It stopped the hose from leaking waste water onto my floor. I tried to use it to dip and coat tool handles to make grips more comfortable. But that failed badly. Couldn't get it to stick to the shiny metal handle surfaces. It does go on kind of runny and needs to be put on items thickly to seal them. That was sometimes a challenge. Is very messy and pretty much ruins any cloth you get it on. So wear old throw away clothes when applying. I also found that if I 3D printed some of my parts or figurines with a coarse or scratched up surface this would cover and stick to them as an outer coating. It wouldn't do to use it with anything with features as it would cover them up. But I was able to coat a few figurines with it and it gave them a very cool rubbery feel. I might order more but not sure when I will need it next.
They are great under the kitchen cabinets for light. HOWEVER of the 8 I bought two so far 2 have stopped working after 6 months. At the price I would think they would last longer
When placed on the lamp it was smaller than what we really needed, and I measured but will for the price fit the bill for the time being.
Hardware was good . Leg screws were crooked but I made them work. Painted brown
Definitely overpriced for what it does
Thought it swung. It doesn't. Going to retun it. It's sturdy enough to hold a 5 gallon full water.
I thought the squares were larger than they were. But, found another place for them.
I think this may have worked long term, however, I removed the 3 strips I laid down and it pulled some of the finish up. I wouldn't recommend this if you are renting and would need to remove prior to moving out as it may pull up the finish and you could get hit with a hefty bill for damage. I will say, there were other comments on a staple, they must have corrected that as I didn't have one so there was no waste.
These registers are a great idea, and nicely made. Unfortunately with a slab on grade and engineered hardwood installation, they were not flush. They are made to work with a subfloor that can be cut to accommodate. By the time we realized they weren't going to work for us, the return window was expired by one day! My bad for being organized and ordering ahead of time! If you have regular hardwood and OSB subfloor, I would recommend. Otherwise, think twice!
The sink looks great installed so far anyways will update later down the road. Only knocking off two stars because there are no directions included, the cut out template is just a piece of thin cardboard which I thought was a part of the packaging. Also the mounting brackets are for undermount sinks not top mount sinks so for anyone else that gets this sink get some marine adhesive or gorilla construction adhesive to attach the sink to the counter top and put a bucket filled with water in it to hold it down and keep pressure on the adhesive to stick over night.
Very small internal channel for water.
Does what it's supposed to, which obviously I'm pleased about, I just wish I could buy the plastic aerator and not the housing as well. There was nothing wrong with the housing on my faucet (why would there be - it's metal), so it's a bit irritating to pay as much as I did for what should be just a cheap piece of plastic.
I bought the filter to deal with the iron in our water, which stains the shower. It reduced the amount of rust, but does not eliminate it and I still need to use a rust removal cleaner on the shower.
I purchased because of the positive reviews, but I'm not as impressed. I've had 1/4 hp models that provide as much (or even more) power than this 1/2 hp model.
Seems like good protection from light and heat but I can't get them to stay on the windows in the corners. Watched the video and everything.
Does the job intended, but very light duty with very thin sheet metal construction. Would spend a little more for a sturdier unit if I had it to do over.
couple burned out quick
Every few years I need to clean the cartridge because of an accumulation of minerals. After the last cleaning, the water temperature was initially very hot, then by the end of the shower had diminished to lukewarm. So, I bought this replacement. It does maintain a fairly constant temperature, buy the flow rate is somewhat lower than the original. The original used metal screens for the water to enter the cartridge through while this replacement uses what looks to be a composite material with holes in them. It looks like the screens were capable of passing more water through. They probably changed the design to counteract the mineral accumulation issue. The original was about 10 years old. I cleaned it by soaking in white vinegar for about a half hour. As a side comment, after initially installing the fixture we found the flow rate to be somewhat less than desired so removed the flow restriction washer.
NOTE! This product ships without the tool needed to switch the blade from your old pitcher to this one. You have to buy that separately for $10. This pitcher also does not have the nice rubberized handle of the original.
The light I got was way too small for my house so even with prime I had to pay to send it back. That will make me think twice when ordering something without knowing the size of the light.
Why so overpriced? Bought these for relative who has trouble with transportation to stores but do not appreciate the inappropriate pricing.
It does NOT look like 200 cones. Unless the sly bastards meant 100 cone tips and 100 screw backs. Jerk!
The spray is not necessary because a spray bottle with water worked great, the cutter was dull
The dimensions are about 1/2 inch narrower than the manufacturer product. This allows incorrect filtering. Stick to the OEM filters or head to Home Depot and buy your own filter material and make your own.
Worked great except for the music option bc that picks up the engine sound. Also I am in need of a replacement remote but there isn't a link to get one anywhere
Instructions are poor. Hook-up is not as easy as hoped. Also, keep in mind that this is not flexible as to right or left side install, although it could be. Due to label and key placement, it is annoying if you have a scenario that requires you to install it "upside down".
I mounted 2 of these on mailbox post 4x4 to add some curb appeal. The look nice and get the job done. I would not buy them again because they are too big for a 4x4 by like 1/2 inch or so all around. They provide super tiny screws that have to cover the space and hold into the 4x4. Up close it does not look clean with the gap. I expect to have to replace the screws since it feels lie a stiff breeze could pull them out. The lights do look good driving by and the solar light seem reliable so far.
The lights work as described, but are very white/blue, much more so than the halogens they replaced. Additionally, while they are dimmable, they have to be brought up to a medium brightness level before they will illuminate; then they can be dimmed down. They are spotlights, and do not let any light spill out around the base, so they are very directional.
Not strong and smaller than pictures
While the wiring in was easy, the instructions to program the timer were difficult to follow. In addition it is a very large device and will not easily fit in a normal depth single gang switch box with 2 or 3 12 AWG romex cables coming into the box. Wiring in for three way switched light was not difficult.
not as heavy as expected; somewhat cheap construction
They are a lot smaller than anticipated. They did not fit over the previous ones we had in the house which caused us to have to paint. They don't seem to be the highest quality
Didn't exactly like the way the bulbs look at first
Cool concept but very disappointed that the dry erase pen was totally dried up!!!
Advertised as Pur and they are not. Will use this and next time I order make sure it is definitely Pur. Product has changed.
Ordered this for my Husband and for our stove. I suppose it it what it needed to do.
the bottom side is plastic, the pictures dont show that very well but in person it really stands out and looks cheap
I just got this so I can't say if it works yet or not I'll update in a couple months. I do want to let others know the planet wise power adapter does not work with this, it was recommended with it and the right volts so I bought it. The conditioner light would not come on. I found a power supply and plug it in and it lit right up. The one I used is 4.5 volts.
while it looks good and matches but it leaks. at the handle base between the threading. I need a thicker washer maybe. So when i et to town I will have to buy some parts for it. It just doesn't have a good seal. I have changed this part before many times in homes and this is the first to give me fits. suggestions are welcome.
Attached instruction is rubbish. It does not provide information how to memorize selected ring tone. Also instruction says you can scroll tones up or down using volume key. It cannot be done. Scrolling tones is only by melody key and it is only in one direction. Bell system is OK at instalation. 3 stars only because of lousy attached instruction.
My son likes it, I thought it would be more of a hologram type of thing, but it isn't. Just a piece of frosted plastic with a light underneath.
Simple design that has excellent finish. After in use for some time, the holder bar becomes loose and needs to be retightened.
Did not come with any kind of adhesive like advertised.
get your own screws, these strip easily
These batteries make a decent replacement for the originals. The originals have been discontinued i believe. I purchased these as additions to another set I got about 2 years ago. That said, these do have some drawbacks. They full charge on these does not do the same amount or work as the originals, maybe 80%. They do not last as many cycles as the originals. I only had one of four original batteries that the charger showed as bad, and wouldn't charge. I had three of four of these replacement batteries do the same thing in a 2 year period with moderate use. They do not engage and disengage as smoothly as the originals from the tool or charger. At this price, I would buy these again. The tools still work flawlessly.
The marble base isn't quite heavy enough. It leans and the metal doesn't fit together quite right.
Fun sparkly spray paint. This paint didn't go very far compared to other spray paints I've used but did give the sparkly I was hoping for.
Chandelier looks very nice but difficult or impossible to install
This product is very unstable. It isn't heavy duty so it tips to one side or the other if weight isn't distributed equally when standing.
Could not get the poles to thread together right, so it kind of sits on a angle. My sister needed it that night or I would have tried to return it. A little disappointed, other than that it is fine.
Seems like so plastic to me, but it's okay
Beautiful paper but isn't staying on the walls. I have to figure out a way to glue or tape it. Very easy to hang and work with.
The real question is, Does it work? Well about as good as dish soap. I was unimpressed. When painting there is always some paint that dries on the brush up near the handle and metal flange, I expected it to also remove and take it out in the bristles there. It did do a fine job of removing paint that wasn't dry but dish soap does that. Maybe this is slightly better, but from the description it should renew the brush. I didn't find this the case.
The plug is to big. It blocks the other outlet.
I like the lamp, however it is missing the ring to make it steady. Need better quality control! I will be returning it.
one of the globes was broken, missing set screws for installation plates overall the quality of the items is good, just a lot of missing details.
Love lights but 2 out of 12 junction box circuit boards failed after 2 days 😖
Not bright enough and pictures very unfocused.
I purchased 3, and 1 was dead on arrival. That said, it was easy to return and the others are performing well (they've been installed for 2 months now)
The medallion arrived with a dent as well as a chip along the seam. The seam is fairly visible as well but it should be masked once its painted over.
Seems to seal paint like it says. However, it goes on just like spray paint, meaning that you can see the streaks. Would not recommend.
If I finally get it installed I will like it. Large head fell off wen I was installing it and I ended up with A black eye.
Did not buy. Only looked at
We found this hook difficult to install. Plus, it is hard to get it tight enough so that it doesn't move at all. Otherwise, it does work for the purpose I purchased it for--hanging up a large bath towel.
It seems to be working fine. The first one was broken. Very poorly packaged in some lightweight bubble wrap and tossed in an untaped box. Replacement was also damaged but I used it anyways, I needed to get this project finished.
I thought this would work but I don't think it will. The stove and counter isn't even so it makes the silicon cover stick up. Think ill have to return
I put this fan in the bedroom. It looks great and is silent. Installation was very straight forward and took me about an hour and a half. Will probably be quicker if you have done a fan before. Only reason i give it 3 stars is because the fan is not very fast. I was hoping for a quicker spinning fan, but this one still gets the job done. It did not come with a remote control.
The directions are printed in English but obviously TRANSLATED by someone that doesn't speak English as a first language. I've had it since the 4th of July and still can't figure out the written directions. While setting it up I accidentally took a movie of myself - good video with sound - but I don't know how I did it?!? Audio and video are good! I don't know who made it - probably Chinese Communists - so I can't go to their wed site for help
I bought two of these they work very well except for their going off constantly I've only been able to connect it to one phone. Is there any way to adjust the motion detection it because drives me crazy even the wind sets It Off.
Bought this to cover up a patch on my bathroom wall. Would not stick. It does have other uses, so it's not a total waste.
Came in with what it looks like a defect ...Hoping that area on the solar panel won't effect anything not bright enough
Says they fit a 11-12 inch shelf but there pretty small - I would buy again for a smaller width shelf
Won't stick on. Everyday i press down on it. U cleaned the surface really well first. If it wasn't for the push pens ..would come off.
We converted our bathrooms to brushed nickel instead of shiny brass, and used this to paint the border of mirrored sliding closet doors. It worked ok, covered well and looks reasonable if you don't look too closely. True brushed metal would have brush strokes in it, but that's pretty hard to achieve in a spray paint.
A new favorite. I've been using this super-bright flashlight in place of the flashlight on my IPhone. It works exactly what I planned for.....
Does have pull strings. Only way to operate is with remote
Looks great and bright (can be adjusted for lower light levels) but the "super strong 3m adhesive" is junk. If you want to buy this product, I recommend getting some mounting tape or something else to hold it up the adhesive cant do it by itself.
The Base is fine but glass top cracked.
I can't say much about the benefits of using this lamp. I ordered two of them. One arrived with broken wood, and the other with a broken light bulb. Most disappointed. ***Update*** I contacted Amazon about these items. They provided excellent service, and sent replacements immediately. Unfortunately, both of them were also damaged. We took the intact bulb from one, and put it in the lamp without any broken wood. It began smoking, so out of the four lamps received we have one that works (after I glued the broken wood slat).
Although these are not as pink as the originals, they are softer than the white and have a tint of pink shade. I compared the two bulbs I have and that is the conclusion I came to. I will say that the tint of pink is hardly noticeable. I would rather have these than no pink at all, but would have certainly liked them better had they been the original pink shade we used to get. They need to go back and make these like they used to.
This light is very cute and compact. The bendable head is great, however the actual lights are not very bright. If you were to use it in a dark room, it would be ok but the lights are not very bright at all.
Not sure what's wrong with it but only 4 if the 5 lights work. I'm 100% positive it's not my bulbs because I tried multiple lights and same result everytime. Who do I need to get in touch with for a refund or a replacement? I've got to add to this comment. I must say that the company stands strong beside their products and no problem is a problem with them. Thank you
I was expecting it to be a tad bigger and I thought that it included a few other characters but smaller. You have to be really careful when you remove it from the packaging, mine tore in a couple places.
I love the functionality. The reason why I rated it 3 stars is because they do not last as I as I think they should. After daily opening and wrapping it around my iPhone charger cord it breaks on the inside and then will not wrap around anymore. It goes in the trash and then I have to get another one. The concept is great, but needs improvement.
nice color, the powder is to loose after use.
a lot cheaper made than I had been expecting but it works
The leveler will not retract far enough to allow you to use it on an almost level surface requiring you to remove and reinstall the foot constantly. Yes, it is mounted per the instructions. It is just designed poorly with the end user in mind. The unit works well and is very sturdy.
Meh. Another fixture that looks nicer in the pix than when it arrives on the doorstep. The metal is cheap, it is also fairly small. In the future we've resolved to spend the extra for decent fixtures. This works just fine, but it's hardly a showpiece... it is what it looks like... if you look closely a second-tier look-alike for people on a budget.
That's worked great but my chimes didn't work so I have to get them chimes now
ok quality but not that good
Ordered this to replace my broken samsung dryer belt. Works great and dryer is working normally again. Update: after a few uses of my dryer the belt. Is letting off kind of a bad odor I guess cause of the heat from the dryer and its making the clothes smell like that.
Would of giving it 5 stars but in the winter months all 4 lights had an issue where the light would come on and stay on until you reset the power. Only seems to happen when it is cold. Tried to trouble shoot with Sengled but they just gave generic advice and blew me off. I live in New England so they work fine for 3/4 of the time.
These were not what I expected. They are too small to cover the screw. Be careful these are 1/4 inch and do not work, I needed 1/2 inch. Make sure you measure beforehand.
Looks very slimline and modern
The item itself was a bit bigger than anticipated, it would have been nice to have more photographs for an actually accurate size comparison. Due to that I was forced to send it back because it did not completely fit my setup. however, the materials its made of are top notch, and its easy to install.
I give this product a 3 star review because of the shipping. The can of paint was split all over the box. Color was exactly what I was looking for though.
product not bright enough
I have a hole in my sole. Tried this stuff and it only worked for a day. Others might have better luck than I, hence the 3 stars.
Must use enough plumbers tape on both fitting into house lines and make sure to fully wrench tighten before sweating into final postion. Needed to sweat in other fitting to fit into existing line, but works well. We are happy with product. Curious to see how it will withstand winter.
Easy to install. Spraying control was rough, lot of times we had hard spraying under. Water leaked through the valves after more than a year of usage.
weak pressure on covers
To long and dull finish.
rusted out after a few months
As others have noted, this is made of relatively flimsy materials, especially for work in the trades. It does hold 100' of 12 gauge cord, even somewhat messily wound! Frequent winding, with the plug in end of the cord sticking out of the barrel, will result in rapid damage to the cord. I have devised a way to set it on elevated attachment points on my truck tailgate to allow easy winding. It is rather awkward to use, unless it is securely attached to a stable surface and lifted up a bit to prevent some significant knuckle scrapes.
Didn't fit my need so I couldn't use it. Seems good but the details on info weren't real clear. Let's see if it works for the person I have it to.
Barely any cushioning. Not enough to justify the price
I love the vibrant colors, but the strips if left on for a little while get very hot to the touch! Makes me kind of nervous. Other than that they have a ton of color options to choose from, which I love!
One of the four bulbs appeared to be defective so I was short one working bulb.
Plastic funnel was broken due to lack of packaging material. Had to remove the funnel from the original and fit to this new one. This took as much time as the installation.
Only draw back flickering. Brightness not as bright as other rated, but good enough for pantry. Motion sensor and daylight sensitivity very good. Charge full battery n cannot say how long it last. Since i just had it for 3 day and running but flickering.
I purchased a 2 pack and one was broke when they arrived. That was fine because it was a backup. I got the one I needed. However it's the perfect size fits great and works great. I will say it's just a little bit thinner than what comes with the refrigerator. But you do have to expect that.
I need to return my product. I paid $13 and need to pay $8 to return it. Could I have a return slip so I won't have to pay?
Was very disappointed this is made of cheap plastic. I really wanted a nice looking 2 in 1 handheld shower head made of high quality metal, but doesn't seem like that exists.
It seems there is a lack of quality control where these bulbs are manufactured. 9 out of the pack of 10 had what appeared to be large globs of solder at the top of the base. Compared side by side with an old Osram bulb, I also noticed that the top of the base is flared slightly on the CEC bulb, whereas the Osram base is not. This flare combined with the lump of solder kept the bulb from seating properly in my HVAC control knob without being modified first. Depending on your fitment, you may want to consider a different option. However, if you do decide to go with these, the nice thing is that they're sold in a pack of 10, so if you mess one up, you have replacements.
I thought the price was a little high for what I got. The look is perfect. However, metal is really thin - especially the cover that attaches to the electrical box. The cover bends really easily. The smallest wire out place pushing on the cover is visible : ( Also, the cord is kind of like a stiffer-than-I-would-like plastic. I was hoping for more of a rope-like wire jacket so kinks would fall out of the cord and now show as it hangs from the ceiling. I like the product, but i would like it even more if the price reflected the tactical quality of the product.
It is not easy to use. It is for small area maybe.
Super easy to assemble, very sturdy and brightness was perfect. However, after setting it up, plugging it in and starting to work, my AC could not keep up with the significant heat the bulbs were projecting in the room. Also, when I touched the bulbs, they were hot and not safe. If it was Winter I probably would have felt Bravo! But my AC is working hard this summer in Texas to keep my house cooled. I have had many LED light fixtures and all of my bulbs in the house are LED so they do not dictate heat in the house. I sent it back as a defect - hoping they will fix the problem on their end.
I bought this and forgot I owned it shortly afterwards.
mounting clips are Very brittle & can pop out of trim. But otherwise good lighting
This is the shelf that fits my lg fridge. I paid close to 30 (28 dollars) for it, it was bubble wrapped in a big box without any additional stuffing. When i unwrapped it, it was broken. The corner clip (white part) was broken and clacking around. I did not go thru the hassle of sending back, and feel that for a new item and at that cost, it should arrive NOT broken. Hence the 3 stars.
They work, but the light doesn't diffuse across the shield. It's just a big bright spot.
Looks great but the lights are hard to put in with the glass installed. After about 2 days the lights started to blink on and off. Wasn't making good connection in the bulb connector. Had to take glass off on 3 of the bulbs and that fixed 2 of the blinking bulbs the 3 bulb continues to blink and can't get it to stop. Looks good but needs improvement
Not as bright as I thought it would of been. I needed it to look under a house all I coukdnt see is what was in front of me. It wouldn't be bright enough to change a flat tire if it were real dark... ok for household jobs.
The light is super bright but the sensor is very sensitive. It seems to pick up bugs and other things because I have noticed that the light is always on at night until morning. It would be great if there was a way to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor.
I would give this 5 stars but for one thing you can not clean this so figure it is a one time use It did apply paint nice and even over some metal pipes Did not leave any "fuzzies' as with a fake sheepskin paint glove I bought at a hardware store Good idea to but several
Love the look of this fixture, however, the piece the bulb screws in to is crooked. It looks a little weird, but doesn't totally ruin it.
Texture was too viscous to flow through hairline cracks. For larger cracks the product will be great.
It's a little wonky. Unless your wifi connection is a good strength, it may not respond well. The app constantly crashes as well.
worked well until the lightbulb went out after 4 months, can't find a replacement. The other bulb is a multicolor bulb and it looks funky in the salt thing. Cheap and cute, just want another bulb.
I wish more came in a pack! Other than that these are great to build a quick slab in the backyard if it's too wet or need to expand the patio.
Not as bright as I thought
This camera is an OK camera, the app that it works with is horrible (not enough adjusting features, like motion area and the sensitivity to motion is way too sensitive) ! When it does actually detect a person, the playback is not that great, it speeds up on playback, like seeing things in fast forward). I'll keep the camera, because it is relatively cheap and I have another camera operating in the same area, so not too concerned. You get what you pay for :/
Too expensive for a home Depot grade muriatic acid.
I like this light and it's sleek design. However, I purchased it for my living room to go with decor and the color was not what I was expecting. It is more of a chrome color which doesn't match with my black color scheme.
Excellent quality, fast shipping.
Definitely recommend getting a roll that has the glue on it already. This was a big struggle and once applied to the wall trimming and cleaning the top and bottom up was a nightmare. The paper kept ripping no matter how gentle I was. It is very pretty but the thickness I think is what made it difficult.
Didn't quite fit like original.
Hmmm, I could find anyone to install this lock for me without charging an arm, leg, and a baby! From $500 to $800 for a door I paid only $115 for. No thanks! If I screw up the door, I'll just buy another one. It took a while to saw through my solid door without a template since one isn't provided. It was ready to install I assembled it on the door. During testing the lock and key I somehow broke it. The key is now stuck in the lock and would not turn it pull out. Sigh! I spent time out of my life to install this and now it's broken. Not sure if I want to try it again and get another one. I'm super frustrated right now. The lock looks beautiful, however, the functional if it, not so much.
Very bright excellent
It's ok. Great finish. Difficult to install and adjust the latch. Tolerance between the two parts is tight to get good functionality. Fasteners were not the same quality as the latch.
It needs more umph to get the water up to the top of the cat's water dish. It struggles to get to the top.
Discharge very rapidly
You get what you pay for. I'm surprised these got such good reviews. They are nothing special, mostly junk. They lost bristles, bunched together during painting. As if painting didn't suck enough, these made it worse. I'd rather pay double at Home Depot for something better. Not worth it.
These are no better/worse than the ones at any store. Just wax crayons. I prefer the markers.
The product is very good - this is the second one I have bought. The problem is Amazon's sloppy attitude toward shipping. The order for this item was followed 2 days later by an order to Amazon's biggest competitor (name starting with a "W"). W delivered their order 2 days BEFORE Amazon did - that's a net of 4 days better performance! Amazon is obviously getting ready to dump their delivery in 2 days promise for Prime members.
Smaller selection than I had anticipated and the box was cracked when I received it. Nevertheless, it has served the purpose.
I installed 2 of these. The one in a hallway w no windows is on all the time. The one across from a window only turns off when in direct sunlight. The contacts on the side are robust and pretty forgiving. If they don't work u can bend contacts or install outlet shims to bring the outlet proud of the wall before installing faceplate. 3 out of 5 for poor sensitivity.
Accessory well made and parts look good. Never used an air sprayer before in my case it was hard to control the over spray i did not use for my project. Im sure for out side or larger area projects it will be better. (Im sure the product is good i seen similar item been used on line and they look easy but for first timer not easy) will keep it and try to use it on other projects maybe bet a smaller tip for more control. Ended up using the roller attachment to the sprayer. Not all the stars because i did not ended up using it. experience will be required
Very nice design. Came with everything you need for installation. Loved the food catcher or whatever they call it. The sink is nice and deep and catches a lot of water. Can easily soak dishes when needed with the cover they provide. The sink scratches too easily like other reviewers have complained about.
it's quite light weight, and it doesn't knock very well. It's not made with an attached hinge, so you have to hold it just right to get it to knock, and I don't hear it very well from inside
Ordered 3 of these need to return one due to the latch being stuck half inside. Door won't open or close properly or lock. The other 2 installed in a breeze. Function smoothly and lock well, great cosmetic upgrade as well
Purchased this light a little less than 2 years ago. Half of the light has already died. Not happy that it has to be replaced already.
These were so cute but they kept getting air bubbles under them. They haven't fallen off yet but it looks as if they will.
One out of the three locks works. I only needed one, so I'm not too upset, but I wouldn't buy again.
the LED is bright, but the stand is just ok, feel like a cheap light u can get at walmart but again, LED is bright.
This light did what it was supposed to do, but I was not totally satisfied. I prefer a warmer (yellow hues) light, this is very cool (blue hues). Additionally, you have to be pretty close for the motion sensor to detect movement. I hoped it would be a little more sensitive and turn on sooner as I approached the light. Eventually, the light fell down and one end got a dent allowing the light cover to fall off and I threw it away. I bought a stronger, warmer light from Home Depot and automated it with a Belkin WeMo smart outlet.
It's pretty basic, and has a simple design. I wish it came with hardware. We purchased the suggested screws, but the heads of the screws wouldn't fit through the hole to hang...so we had to screw them in through the inside of the mailbox. It's pretty thin metal, but you get what you pay for. Might upgrade to something more substantial at a later date.
It took almost 2 hours to put together but it's gorgeous in my living room
One leg of the lights stopped working right out of the box. Still bright enough for detailing vehicles. Cant get in touch with the company to replace under warranty.
Did not work as well as I thought it would.
Good product, but not the strongest bond
The light is too dim and motion detection is spotty. The location of the light makes it dim and when items are plugged in obstructs light.
Would have given this 5 stars had they shipped with two screws. I go to set it up for my sons party & can only use 1 of 2 because I was only shipped 1 screw. Really disappointing because the product is super good quality & I want excited to use these for a sweets display.
it is looks good and make a bedroom very bright, but the light it self starts flashing every time its on, unless i dimming the light to a low level of brightness
I measured wrong. Off by two inches. 2 small for our dryer.
It didn't give off enough light for me, but it would be a good reading lamp.
ONLY 2.4G WI-FI should be used for this hidden camera ( a very important note in the instruction mannual)Just don't put it too in between walls from the wifi router and you should be ok. Very neat camera. I can take the camera's internal off and modify it to fit the environment i desire. A bit tricky to set up; as long as you follow the manual book it will be done. Very light, easy to tape or mount for temporary location. Play with it with your own nerdy skill.
The handle doesn't move to the left. Straight up is hottest. Only moves to right. The color is also not a true white. My sink is more stark white
Much much much smaller than expected. But is definitely bright and love the different light settings for the perfect occasion. I use it for make up but it's not bright enough to just use that.
Works fine. Easy installation. The picture shows Chamberlain logo on the remote but the actually product has Liftmaster logo on it. I have another one that has Chamberlain logo on it and wanted to match them... but whatever....
Not the blue I wanted. Its more washed out blue. I have other blue bulbs for outside my house and it's not even close to a vibrant blue.
Very heavy. Tape doesnt hold
Head stops working after about three months... but really nice besides that
My strand lasted just about two years before half of the lights died with the other half simply dimming. But for the two years the string did work, I enjoyed it. Used them as ambience lighting in one of my rooms, was just the right amount of soft light with all other light sources off. Purchasing a second string and hoping for longer lasting results.
Got the job done, but many of the strips arrived broken/damaged which caused a bit of a hassle.
Had to take one apart and fix
I ordered these for my inventory cupboard, and still use them because I haven't had a chance to look for something else. Each one requires 3 AAA batteries, and one of them eats the battery and dies so quickly. I don't keep the lights on for long, only to find a product then turn them off. It's cool that they turn on just by touching it, and that the light themselves will roll from one side to the other so you can see both sides of the cupboard.
They look great but didn't last very long ...
I absolutely love these lights however, they do not last very long. I have had them for 1 month and they are already starting to die. They do not last as long as they did when I first got them. Very disappointing considering how much I love them.
It's kinda small and the battery runs out quick but the price is good
The product is not as strong they advertise.
Falls over when you try to place it on an angle
Everything worked as it should, the motion detection, solar charging, worked great! I just don't see where they would be able to be used, you need bright big light for outside. THese are solar powered soo.. You do the math :)
Legs came well packaged. Paint was missing in a spot or two. It was like it was painted and then set up against something while it was still tacky. Easy to touch up with some sandpaper and spray paint. Might buy from a different vendor in future. I figure spray paint cost $6 on top of an hour or two of my time.
The light is good and works great, but one of the lights arrived busted, had to keep tapping it to make it stay on and it would turn off. Once the seller saw my original post they contacted me and the customer service has been great!.
It's square, so cleaning the corners after every wash is a pain. Looks great though
I love my vessel sink, it's great. I do not like the drain, it's all plastic thin plastic and it Brooke under the cabinet and had water all over my floor. I had to purchase a new one from Lowe's to replace it
Works ok but the rustoleum product is better because it turns rust black
Worked for several months then the batteries went bad, could not recharge it. Spent more on new batteries than the light cost.
Cheap quality. China made crap. Fuse link came broken. What!
It works well once assembled. It is difficult to close the tap and make it seal compared to other brands.
The light they emit is a warmer light (for an LED light that is- as nothing can compare to an incandescent in my opinion) so that is good, HOWEVER they do NOT dim despite the product claiming it is a dimmable bulb.
This item arrived with a very rusty leg. It looks used!
I really wanted to like this lamp. It is super clean, simple and modern and actually throws a good amount of light. The problem I had is the button does not always work. There are times where it will just not turn on. You have to unplug it from the wall and the lamp itself. Then plug the cord into the wall, then the lamp in that order for it to work. Bad quality but great looking light. Sad.
Flowers are cheap kept falling apart
Puts out good light, but not warm enough for us. Would be better in a lighting fixture that diffuses the light as this one is a bit piercing. One funny thing is that I purchased 4 different bulbs to do a comparison test. All 4 were from China, but were from different companies. All of them came in the same cardboard packaging and 3 of the 4 came in identical plastic packaging as well! I wonder if these are actually being made by the same company and packaged under different names...
Had it about 6 months, barely used it to adjust and pretty much kept it on the same setting. After 6 mos... found it's new home in the trash bin as it stopped working. 😕
**UPDATE- Westinghouse Lighting ended up trying to make it right by deciding to send me the missing part and a replacement part for the light that didn't work. I appreciate their efforts. **. And here's why- although I love the fan, they shipped it to me without the glass plate, and the light feature does not work. Purchases through Amazon Warehouse are not covered by any warranty. The description should say you may get something that doesn't work. It's a gamble and up to you. It did not say that. I expect a product that works. Westinghouse Lighting gets an F for that.
not happy with the taste change, going back to the other filter after this one.
I bought this lamp under the impression that it was a touch dimmer lamp. It is not. It is very pretty and works well, but it was not what I thought I was paying for. I was disappointed, but ended up using in our reading room.
Looks like it is made good but parts were missing
Love the hinges but the clip top was not included as indicated.
Was a perfect fit for our shower door, once it was trimmed. That's where the issues crop up, as I did not find an easy way to cleanly cut the sweep. Ended up repeatedly scoring my cuts with a utility knife until I could just snap off the unused portion.
I bought 5 cans. Had trouble with one of them not spraying properly. That upped my price by 20%. Probably get a better deal at the local hardware store with that increase. Other than that the material is great for rough finish sheet rock walls. Makes repairs nearly invisible. Just not a real reliable design.
It's okay. It works well when the roll is full, but when it's more than half way gone there's no tension on the holder and requires two hands.
This product on the surface has potential. It comes out of the box with everything you need and it fit perfectly in the place of my existing deadbolt. Where you run into problems is trying to program the codes. The three red beeps will drive you nuts. A couple of hints for making it work, at least it worked for me. As a previous poster stated, make sure you are using new batteries. I put new batteries fresh from the store in mine but I still got the threes beeps. I think that Amazon needs to relook at the contact points for the batteries on this one. I twisted the batteries around a few times and bingo, the beeps went away and I could program the codes. It only took me 30 minutes and a few swear words to figure it out. Seems to work fine for now.
I tried to match my beige tiles given the beige and white, but all I could come up with close. I probably need some black to come closer. It seems to be essentially just tubes of paint. Anyway it was close enough that if I'm not looking for it, I won't spot it. I had two spots, a small ship and a deeper 1/2" gouge. The small chip covered OK, but the gouge kept sucking up the paint. I tried lining it with clear nail polish and then finally with glue when the gouge finally held the paint. There is still an indentation so I don't know whether the paint shrunk or whether it was still sucking up through all the layers of stuff I had previously put in there.
Did not fit right in the hood. I had to take it apart and use lightweight wire to hold it in place.
Worked great. For a while anyway. Bought this a year ago and used it intermittently (less than monthly) for the first 8 months then more often (twice a month) in recent months. The last time I used it (before the holidays) it wasn't staying hot. I was trying to figure out if it was related to the position of the cord but I finished the project before resolving that question. The next time I went to use it the rod didn't heat up. It got a little warm near the tip so current was being passed, but I could hold it so not really hot at all and not usable after that. I tried for a half-hour and then later I even took it apart to make sure a wire wasn't disconnected or crossed. Everything was as it should be - just never got hot anymore. I used it less than a dozen times but didn't spend a lot and it came with lots of tips and other good stuff I can use with the new one I bought locally. The new one cost more money (double) but has a temperature control, which I learned was important for how I need to use the tool. This first burner was good enough to get me started. Just don't expect a long life for the low investment!
Looks nice. Floor lamp is too short. I am looking for someone to buy these from me. I waited too long to return. 😔
This looked like the perfect way to safely replace a burned out lightbulb located in a high ceiling, directly over stairs. It worked for the removal of the burnt out bulb, but not for installing a new LED bulb. The bulb has straighter sides, before tapering to the screw-in end. The holder didn't hold it as securely as needed, resulting in the bulb screwing in crooked. Then, I couldn't get the holder to grip it to unscrew the bulb. I ended up paying a handyman to do the job.
I purchased this for my son to use in the UK. Initially it worked great, but after a few weeks the USB portion -- on all 4 ports -- failed. He was still able to use the device for charging his computer...just had to find another option for charging his phone. Not ideal.
Very nice and sturdy faucet Has a water flow problem after about the first five seconds of water running slows down to a trickle would not recommend this faucet
The box looked fine, but the can was dented and leaking. Got it on my coat opening the box. Thankfully it washed out. Amazon quickly made it right and resent it.
It didn't drip at all and it does pretty well however, I have only used it on two rooms and the roller is shredding
Rather light weight but will get me by. I cover straw bales through the winter and just normal wind wore a hole in it. This year I had to place a canvas tarp under the poly tarp for cushion so am hoping no more holes.
The lights stopped rotating after a week. Had to keep tinkering with it to move but continues to stop. Plus the white light is not working.
It works, not more than that
Did not work as well as expected for My use. A little to soft. But it was the best I could find anywhere I looked even big box stores in My area.
I bought this in late 2016. It fit the machine and worked fine for about 11 months. Then it started making noise, and a month later it failed and needed to be replaced. I'm not sure if this is OEM or not, as the pump that came with the washer lasted about 3 years and this one only lasted one year, but maybe it was my bad luck. Five stars for good performance minus two stars for insufficient longevity. The replacement I bought came from a different vendor on Amazon. Maybe that part will last longer than this one did.
I really liked the lamp of course the shade has a cracked, I did notify the company. Luckily my shade from my previous lamp fit.
Love the bright LED lighting, but the snap crackle and pops are very annoying
The ends are couplers not 1.5 pipe which makes the whole assembly much longer (after you glue in 1.5 inch stubs) than your current one way valve. So your kind of stuck using this one the next time you need a one way valve. Still sitting on shelf not installed.
Good product. Nice to find this discontinued product n Amazon.
Cute but very dim. Make sure there is no street lights by your house or you can hardly see it.
I wish the description had been more clear. These cannot go into any normal, candelabra-type fixture. They fit but then the "pop" and blow out the bulb. I thought it was a defect until I realized that these are meant for low-voltage fixtures. Instead, all of mine are trash now.
does not come with power adapter. prepare to pay another $7 for that.
Well I can't yet give a true assessment because the power is not back on at the house yet. Once Moma gets the money order to pay the power bill we will be bale to see it come on and I will let you know. I have high hopes for it!
I ordered this sink for a yacht with a narrow counter top. The sink is a good product but unfortunately came with some damage to it. The first one that arrived had all four corners bent out of shape. The box it came in was ripped and battered and it had no protective packaging inside surrounding the sink, so I was not sure if the damage happened in transit or before. I returned it and order a new one explaining my complaint and the damage. I assumed the new one would be properly packed with bubble wrap or something simile to protect it. Unfortunately it was not and the box again looked like crap......but luckily only one corner was bent. As I have very specific measurement requirements I have kept the item and bent the corner back by hand. As I said the sink is good but I feel the company could improve their packaging and solve a lot of problems.
Cute lamp but very small.
Worked great, The only draw back is the ribs on the inside of the hose holds liquid from draining completely causing odor build up.. Aldo brush does not fit inside of hose for cleaning..
I'm going to return it. A 12 second delay in the computer is just too long.
I would not use this in doors. I tried and it made a huge mess. We where also using a high end expensive paint and it's uses to much to fast. It is a great paint gun for new houses and for using out side.
These work well - used them to light steps. I would feel comfortable recommending them.
Nice quality, would never purchase again, due to design flaws. A small amount of water sits in the bottom of the sink due to either being slightly oversized or it should be slightly beveled to sit flatter. Also the tailpipe is attached to the unit and not removable, so if it isn't long enough you have to use a a slip joint which doesn't look clean.
I received the lights one pull chain was not there .I emailed the company waiting for a response.
Died after about 6 months.
Well built unit but the fingerprint sensor is very picky and hard to get working.
I didn't personally love the product as I had hoped but the customer service was amazing! As soon as the seller learned of my dissatisfaction, they did everything possible to make it right! Much appreciated!!
Yes there are no instructions in the package so I gave them 3 stars. The instructions in the description are very vague. So if you hold the upper part with one hand and a lower part with the other hand and pull it'll come on. As stated in one of the reviews it's all about knowing how to turn it on!!! Otherwise just looking at it it's very confusing. I thought the batteries were bad and took it apart. Because I gave it away as a gift my friend didn't know how to use it. Needs to have better instructions on how to TURN IT ON!!
Have burned out 2 of 4 in the last ~5 months. The bulb I bought this pack to replace lasted years. So... not all that thrilled with them.
USB cord sent with it did not work.
It is nice for the price. The color is not as shown . It is silver color not dark as shown.
Bought a pack of 10 and got 9 in the mail. An odd number of knobs is essentially useless. They're pretty, that part was nice
The whole light assembly was made of plastic, the only thing metal was the mounting base. even the clear lens is plastic and not glass as described in the title. Looks nice from afar though.
I love the aesthetic of this faucet. With that said it shows everything! I have 4 kids that are a bit messy and this faucet is unforgiving to that.
These don't quite put out the warm white light indicated - it's somewhere between a warm white and a daylight. It does produce a nicely diffused soft light with a wide cast, so it's not a concentrated spot like some LEDs can be. If the color were warmer, these would certainly rate 5 stars for the price.
Watch out for floaties and you need to do some minor work to install which without any tools is annoying.
Light sensor not great. They stay lit even when lights are on in most areas. 7 out of 8 in package worked.
Could be easier to program.
Bought white fan, same company, same fan, different color, In the room next door to the white one. As others have posted, it DOES MAKES a slight, humming noise. Don't notice it when moving around, just when in the room and its quiet. The white one I bought(same delivery) DOES NOT. For the small $$ tag, cant beat it. Love the color for a gray room, blends well. Moves enough air in a 10x10 room, being comfortable Taking it down this weekend, see if its the wiring near box, or something simple we can fix, It isn't that loud, its in a guest room that we dont use daily, but for someone sleeping might be annoying. Will keep everyone posted.
These finished out the job I needed but definitely not quality. Not sturdy and stripped the screws out on 3 of the 5.
Attractive brushed nickle set, easy to install, no leaks. The plug is super janky though, and when it's not closed it's canted off to the side at a weird angle. Kinda wish I had bought it in the store.
This was not a snug fit in both of our toilets. I had to cut them a little bit in order for them to work properly.
Excellent product but requires Sengled's hub in order to use with my Echo dot. Another expense, I wasn't expecting.
It isn't as bright as I thought it would be.
Love the light but disappointed that the pulley wheels are plastic when rest of lamp is pipe especially for the cost. Great lamp but when with the plastic added to it, it is cheapened in quality yet the price was not cheap. After receiving the lamp, I can easily state I could have spent $50 at hardware store and made my own.
This product is nice to look at. They are fairly well made. However: they describe them to be a specific length. I found this was not true. They are shorter than what the described. They measured the total length and not from hole to hole. If you measure correct they will work for you. Not bad for the price.
I purchase 7 lights for my commercial building , one light stop working after 6 months ! the lights are protected from the elements can understand why it would stop working after 6 months of used ? other then that lights are excellent,
The sound quality and volume is lacking, but the remote and the lights are pretty cool. The speakers distort if played too loud and are also very tinny sounding. Perfect if you want to simulate elevator music, that's about the volume level you will get out of them without them distorting.
For the price, it's fine. I'd rather have a metal ring to hang it on the wall peg, but the plastic generally holds up for a few years.
Exactly matches the old gasket my old Eljer toilet had. Hardware is garbage though. Everything but the nuts were highly magnetic metal, very likely to rust and seize up. I combined this with another kit that had all brass hardware so that 20 years from now, someone won't have to grind off rusted bolts to replace the rubber gasket.
Lovely design but lights don't hold a charge very long. They're only bright for a couple hours then very dim.
The remote isnt the best with getting them to turn on and off
I like the look of these knobs although for being “flat black” they do have quite a bit of shine. The problem is hardly any of the screws fit! I got maybe three out of the 25 that i ordered to sit flush with the smallest screw! Some would even go in the knob hardly at all! Super frustrating!!
Dont be lazy and deliver items to the correct address no matter the length of the driveway.
Doesn't work great on corners. Came off and had to keep pressure for it to stick.
The price is great, but the battery only lasts about 30 minutes. So I don't feel like I saved anything.
Would not buy again. Battery life is terrible. Maybe an hour before it would conk out. Bit very bright even on highest setting.
Leaves a smell for months
Have not use it as of yet.
If you want to sit the light upright the cord must come from the base and out the front side.
This case is great for my 4 year olds tablet. It is easy for him to hold Cary and prop up when watching videos. It is made of a foam material, However is does not come with a screen protector. So you will have to buy one separately. All in all I have found this to be a great way for him to safely carry his tablet. It also helps me find it easier when he leaves it somewhere not on the table.
The Hue Lily is a convenient size, and allows good directional control, but is dim enough that several are needed to provide adequate illumination of an area or highlighted subject. Very high $$ per lumen. Lack of available alternative cable lengths (proprietary) and/or junction connectors ("T" or "X") make it difficult to arrange several in a small area without bulky excess cable coils. Set up 10 of these in a 12 ft. By 16 ft. screened porch but need 3 or 4 more to get enough colored light. Used large ceramic planters to hold/hide most of the bulky cables.
Will see. Only been a week since I painted. Will update in future.
Bought two and one went nuts within a few months. A shame as I liked it and we need them for porch lighting. But it was the protected one that went bad, the one out on the sea wall is still good, at least for now.
Just wish maybe the outlets were on the side or the back of the table. Some of my charger plugs are white and they don't look so good on a black table. Otherwise, I love it!
These come in handy with you have a total jam in the applicators. However the price is way out of line for what it is. Maybe 25 ea. would be a better price.
Just what I needed. Wish I bought a longer cord, but other than that. Good product.
The smell of the product is horrible and stays .
Not as great as the reviews imply. You either get water in your mouth, or you can't have water in it. It fits on most any e-nail. It was inexpensive. It's easy to clean.
Lights modes worked only first day
Not used yet, but recommended by others.
Looks nice w/ faucet
It's brown...NOT BLACK! Really wanted black & was slightly disappointed. My teen likes it; however its difficult to apply. We thought it was a simple peel and stick but it isn't. It has to be transferred from the adhesive paper onto a plastic film then placed on the wall. Not quite used to that. Overall, my teen likes it but wouldn't buy it again. Wrong color & difficult to apply.
The manufacturer's box (not Amazon's) was all beat up, and covered in oil.
This could have been 5 stars if I could keep the seat up. The handle is too thick and pushes the toilet seat just slightly that it won't stay up . Returned the other two purchased and will live with the one installed reluctantly.
This does not work well with my dimmable LEDs A9 bulbs - not sure which one is the culprit - the dimmer or the bulbs. When light turns on the lights flicker to fully lit then dim.
Excellent product. Required programming to unlock properly. In my opinion it is overpriced.
Good quality and value for the price.
Weather Resistance - if that excludes rain. Rain will get in if heavy enough downpour. The box was the perfect size for what I needed - to cover the cat5e cables the builder brought out of the house. Security screws were a nice touch if they also included a bit for it.
This sticky putty is great for small items or paper. I used it on suggestion for my digital display, however the putty didn't hold and everything came crashing down; twice. Note: We get days of 90 degree and up weather so I feel the heat had a huge part in this not working for us.
They turn off too soon
Had to return because delivery was after the delivery window and I needed them for that particular weekend. The company was very cooperative with refunding my money though.
I have both, a red and this 'orange' light bulb. This is NOT orange. It is literally almost as red as the red lightbulb. Seriously, this is not even red-orange, this is legitimately seen as red.
Didn't work, electrician who installed thought it was defective, unsafe.
Okay but not super. Will have to replace next season.
One thing I dont like is that the switch never adjusted to daylight. I dont use it as motion detection to turn lights on. It is used just to turn light off after they are manually turned on. It works, just not entirely as advertised.
Novel idea, nice to have a light at night without actually turning one on. Like the Idea of the fragrance. One thing I don't like is it slips around on the bowl when you shift your weight.
Does not work well in low pressure, some of the jets barely have water coming out. I will try another product.
Both the spring handle and the faucet arm need to be longer. I have a large farm style sink and the faucet arm barley hangs over the back edge of the sink. The spring handle also doesn't pull out far enough to get a good angle to spray the sink. Over all the unit looks nice but if you have a large sink this isn't the one for you.
Very difficult to do with one person.half of them worked
I like the brightness of lamp however the switch has become very temperamental. It only comes on in one of the colors. And you have to press the switch many times before it will finally does come on. Once it does come on it will go from dim to bright by continuing to put pressure on the switch.
I bought this for a project but it didn't quite work out the way I hoped. No fault to the product, just haven't used it a whole lot to give a proper review.
Would have given 5 stars except contacted the company because missing one of the nut caps to attach to the wall. They said they don't supply parts and I'd have to go to local hardware store. Went to hardware store and found one in stainless, but not the white color that was missing. So, product is good, poor customer service on company part. (It was past the 30 day Amazon return policy, otherwise I would have just shipped it all back)
Batteries don't last very long, and even with brand new batteries lights are not very bright. Would not recommend. Updating this review - seller contacted me after writing the original review and refunded me for not being satisfied with the product. Would still not recommend this product, but incredibly impressed with the seller.
It was priced right and the paint isn't watery at all. I had no trouble getting good coverage. But the nozzle clogs in storage because these "any angle" nozzles can not be cleaned after use by holding the can upside down. This means you will need to let paint dry in the nozzle after the first use.
There is no way to get it out unless you take a knife and slide it under the edge. It needs a handle or something
Works as promised. I had to move the battery box so I could use the switch to turn it on and off. Otherwise this burns through batteries fast.
Set up four days ago battery 100% four days later 93% ,not looking good Samsung
I use this on one side of my desk - since I had no horizontal surfaces where I needed it - I made a small L bracket out of 1 X 2's and screwed that on a vertical surface. Why you say? Because if you clamp the light to a vertical surface the lamp and magnifier fall down to the desk the and will not stay up. Surely Bright Tech knows of this this deficiency and will come up with a better clamp that works on either a horizontal OR vertical surface or a swivel clamp or dual hole one for either mounting position. The second issue is that it needs to have the sides of the LED's covered for more of a down light position they shine very brightly in you face if you are not directly above the magnifier lense. It is apparent this light is meant to only be looked through from the top and through the magnifying part. Last it needs a dimmer function! I had my wife knit a C-shaped "booty" to go around the edges and tie in back by the goose neck to cut the amount of light as needed and it also solved the light in the face when only used as a desk lamp. Now after all of my "re-engineering" it is perfect except that I lay an eye glass cleaning cloth over the top of the magnifier to keep it clean when I am not using it.
Thought this would work on my scentsy burner but the size wasn't clear to me so I got the wrong one and it wouldn't fit. I didn't bother to return though. It's perfect for a real lava lamp though!
It's too flexible for our purpose, but it's a good product. We're pushing a small wire through a large pipe. It's great in smaller conduit.
Worked good for 3 weeks.... now the change button will not work
I have no idea because it didn't fit my door!!
It's a mixed bag. Feels cheap, but it has its up and down. I'm neutral on this.
So far, my parents have no complain about this product. It holds a lot of items in their bathroom and it was very convenient to mount in the wall without having the inconvenience of drilling. I am hoping that this will last without having to rust (but again, the good thing is, you don't need to drill the wall). Just be careful though, as the edges could be a little sharp!
When it works, this is a fantastic lamp for the price. Unfortunately, the reading light stopped working several months in (due to wiring, I think, as I have tried multiple bulbs to no avail).
I wanted to put in a rope to practice climbing for a Spartan Race. This rope is certainly long enough and the right diameter, however it is a very slick material and is therefore very difficult to climb. Even my feet with grippy sneakers cannot find purchase on the rope using either the j-hook or s-hook method. Mud covered ropes at the race are easier to climb than this is.
My autistic son loved it. The sounds calmed him. However, after less than 6 months using it every night it stopped working, and he is having a hard time adjusting. Anyone who is a parent of a kiddo like mine knows this is a big deal
When it works, it's very convenient. However, it has a difficult time working with Amazon Alexa.
The bulb looks great and overall works fine except that the bulbs flicker when dimmable switch is turned up high.
reduced the water pressure even under the non filtered which is a bit annoying when doing dishes, but encouraging me to drink more water is worth the minor annoyance and more convenient than a brita in the fridge. A little hard to see the indicator for when to change the filter.
Only one of them worked. Probably a bad battery.
1 light out of the set of 4 stopped working after a month but the others are still good. They give out a lot more light than the first generation 8 led versions of these that I had. These are heavier though - too heavy in my opinion to use sticky tape on the backs like the 8 led variety.
This arrived on time and packed well. It does not smooth the bumps on my wife's arms. She would not recommend.
For an item advertised as a barn door handle, (think outside) it started to rust as soon as it was installed. Maybe supposed to be installed on the inside of that barn door.
I purchased these lights to place along the driveway, or I may move them to a pathway along the house. Since it's the middle of winter, they only appear to be creating and storing enough power to light them for maybe an hour to ninety minutes in the evening, so the better test will come as the days become longer. My dissatisfaction with them, at this point, is that they are described as "warm white", which they definitely are not. That's what I wanted when purchasing them, but comparing them to other LED lights we have, they're really more of a cool white. If that doesn't matter to you, then they may be okay. They are very low-profile, which I do like.
I bought 5 of them for our 5 bathrooms, I had to return 2 due to poor quality check. After installing the bidet found that nozzle cleaner disperses Women wash and vice versa. All messed up. Disappointed Daniel
The white 4x4 post needs to be about 6 inches longer to give the user up and down adjustment without the 4x4 wood post showing at the bottom.
Work ok for foot path but not the most sensitive motion detector.
Buy a larger version
They don't stay exactly where you put them. They are not slippery but our dogs have caused them to move on the steps. So far, no safety issues but I have to keep up with their location in case they are pushed over the edge of the step.
Overall I am pleased with my 1st purchase, though less so on my second. The first one I would give five stars because I've had it in operation for over a year and it has worked flawlessly. I ordered a second one for another location, the parts were not wrapped in plastic, it was an obvious return though it was sold as new, it only had one key, which I wasn't really bothered by. It works great nonetheless, which is the only reason why I'm giving this three stars. It is only been in operation for a few days, so I will update this review if I start having any issues with it. I haven't complained about it, I don't feel like going through a return because its at least working right now, but I expected a new item when I ordered a new item.
I was really disappointed when the 2 out of 3 screws just fell in the holes that held the cover on the light. The brightness of the light is great! The cover only has one screw holding it on
It's o.k. but hard on batteries.
The fragile product is poorly protected by the manufacturer packaging so getting pristine filters are a gamble.
Good looking, work well
The light is bright and not difficult to install; however, I bought it for my bathroom because it's described as being rust proof and my last two fixtures were ruined by rust. This fixture is no exception. After only a few months it developed rust on the edge. I'll probably have to replace it in a couple years. I believe it would be great in any other room without moisture.
One of the locks does not work. but for the price what can one expect.
I bought the mechanical version as I have a mechanical dial. The light shines directly down so you can see the top of the dial. The problem I ran into with my safe is the top marker used to line the dial with casts a shadow on the dial itself blacking out 3-4 markers making accurate alignment impossible. I can easily remove the light and hold it like a flashlight and get the job done, but a little disappointed I have to do this. My safe is a Liberty safe, but I think most mechanical dials are designed about the same and my cause the same problem. I'm curious if the version for electronic key pads would actually be better for mechanical dials as well, as the light shines more from an outward position. Something to consider before purchasing for your mechanical dial
Easy to install, decent amount of light, but at the high end of the LCD color spectrum, this thing is WHITE light. Good for a hallway or other non-living space, not so much for a bedroom or other living space.
These sliders won't stick to wood. I thoroughly cleaned the wood and then used alcohol to wipe down the area. They have come off after less than a month. The ones I put on metal bar stools haven't come undone.
Shaft pulled out when I tired to screw it into the topper. I was able to fix it with some of the Apoxie Sculpt
Not great for Christmas lights but would work for other stuff
Item was shipped in the actual package without any protection. Lamp was still in tact with nothing broken, just wish they would have shipped this with care. Lucky that it wasn't stolen.
Works ok. Not as nice as nice as the professional one I used at my old job.
The way the description reads on this, I thought I could run 2 different lamps at 2 different intervals but that isn't the case. You can run 2 things but they have to be on and off at the same time. It's very well made but didn't serve the purpose I needed.
I used this kit to install replacement feet on my loveseat after the originals were lost in a long distance move. I used the adapter plates and screws; did not use the other parts so can't speak about those. The plates are fine - sturdy and made well. The screws are not. My problem with the screws was when I was tightening them down - one of the screw heads sheared right off with hand tightening! I have never seen that before, and I have done a LOT of DIY projects in my 6+ decades of life. I'm not the strongest person, either, so the amount of torque I was using wasn't much. With the body of the screw already in the wood of the loveseat frame, there's no easy way to back it out, so one plate is now only secured by 3 screws. The other screws also started to give as I tightened them, so I didn't tighten them as much as I'd have liked to. But, the plates did the job, for the most part - I now have feet on my loveseat again!
diverter does not work correctly.
The product is great. The packaging had a lot to be desired. Shipped a 120 piece assortment of shelf supports in a plastic container, inside a envelope. I opened the envelope and poured the contents out ... the plastic container was in pieces.
Bought this to remove calcium ring buildup on pool per a YouTube video I saw. Worked ok and is flexible but grit wears off quickly. Would take a lot of sheets to do the whole pool. For me, pumice works a lot better.
This is undersized for 1- 5/16 inch metal rod. I had a 6 inch rod piece and I was BARELY able to drive the closet rod. Good news! I did not need any other support for the short stubbed rod. It worked but I had to get tough with DRIVING the close rod into the flange.
I didn't realize that it did not have any adhesive on it. So I never used it.
The fish tape itself is great. Nice and durable steel. The plastic case however is a different story. They black handle broke on the first use and the tape popped out of the slot and then completely twisted up inside of the roll. I had to unscrew it and rewind it around to fix it. Overall it's great for the price and works well for minor home projects like pulling cables from the attic but if you have a difficult project I would definitely get one with slightly better build quality.
did not work on my sears unit. good return policy though
They work. Zero difference from the cheap ones. You are paying for the name.
good product. extremely slow shipping though. 2 weeks to get a product is crazy.
I took two stars away because this seller advertisers two hose clamps with pump and I didn't get any either did anyone else from what I can gather asking questions problem is I could have ordered the clamps when I ordered the pump
The product was as expected but the container that held the product was broken. One corner was completely smashed.
Drain is well made the fact it doesn't come with any fittings to attach it to the pipe is a pain. I had to make one.
it stays on at night, it should use motion to turn on or off
I gave this 3 stars due to the fact that the higher gauge wire spools came with kinks all the way through it. I would get about 2 inches of a clapton wrap going before I would see a kink in the line come through and mess my coil up. The lower gauges are fine. I'm glad I only spent 20 but on it but at the same time I spent 20 for only a 24 and 26g spools that actually are able to be utilized as cores. Bummed out to say the least. Guess it's back to buying a more expensive wire to get the kink free spools.
Pur device doesn't turn green with new replacement. Shows red from the beginning which is the color when the old filter is at the end of its cycle.
I purchased a new home and my builder used these GFCI outlets, within 3 years I've had 2 break already. The first was replaced by the seller, but the 2nd is outside the 1 year warranty so I have to hire a electrician myself to replace it. Hopefully these wont all be breaking every year or it could get very annoying and pricey
This is a replacement, the first one only lasted 5 years. Not a fan of these 10 year batteries.
One light didn't work. Had to return it. But they replaced it with no questions
Very a pretty when plugged in to electric ! But it doesn't work with batteries only ! We tried all brands of batteries and put them in correctly and nothing 😢!
Is less powerful than the one provide for AT&T.
The plastic easily breaks
Very hard to install
Unit arrived missing key mounting screw to electrical box. Wiring is challenging as you should only briefly turn on first mounting braket in order to feed the wires through. Then tighten up the main mounting bracket. Be very careful when installing fan blades as washers were stuck to paint and had to be peeled causing some deep searching in carpet for flying item. Once assembled a quite and petite unit
I like this product but it heats on both sides, I would never put it on my wall.
Very much takes close to 24hrs to cure and for whatever item to be useable. Does not expand like original formula. Has very low initial tac so if items are not clamped, etc, they can slip. For example, I didn't want to drill into my shower tile to put up a shower curtain so I decided to buy this after running out of my original formula, well I had to tape the expandable shower curtain rod in place so it would stop slipping off the wall like it was made of ice. Since the glue for the rod cured and I removed the tape, the rod has been solid.
I like the light fixture. I do not understand the complexity of simply enclosing instructions or posting a PDF if enclosing them is too much trouble
My LED just died. I purchased two in February 2018. These spec for 18 year life w/ 3 hours per day. I used for 3.5 hours per day for 16 MONTHS. Do the math: FAIL. There is no warranty & the only redeeming value is they use less electricity BUT not enough to pay for the LED every 16 months. But I have these paired to my front door & LEDs have to match. I am trying another brand.
Love how fast it got here. But I ordered black they sent me white ones.
The unit works nicely but the installation instructions are absolutely horrible. It's missing several key steps and took about 3 hours longer to install than it should've if the instructions were clear.
Beautiful beveled mirror but it had permanent glued on hangers. I wanted to hang it flat so I had to send it back.
Quality of product was fine just a bit thrown off when I received it. These nuts and bolts are tiny. Meant for electronics.
Just received the lights today. Packaging was impressive as they arrived in a heavy-duty cardboard tube. The lights pack some serious punch for their size. Not sure about heat or longevity yet. My package did arrive missing one connecting cord. The connection cords aren't as nice looking as the ones pictured, in my opinion. Mine do not have the thick coating around the wires as pictured. Hopefully they will hold up! Other than that, I am satisfied so far.
Update: company kindly issued a refund or offered to replace the product and gave suggestions on how to make it stick in the cold weather. Would not stick to my door, not even for a minute. Needed to nail it in place
I like that the price was cheap but you get what u pay for. Very flimsy. One part clicks in to the other which means theres a gap when you hook the plastic peice under the door. 3 stars bc it will do for now
Looks good when installed but I wonder about the durability - time will tell. I think it should be cheaper.
REPLACED PART IN FAN EXACTLY
Wholly cow was this a technical challenge. I'm a very technical dude having worked in IT for over 25 years including network architecture and support as well as smart building design, so I thought I'd be up to the challenge after reading some reviews. Well, it took me about 3 days to finally get this to work. The adapter seems to run into an issue during the setup upon joining itself to the wifi network where it reboots but doesn't recover. Without being able to access the device's wifi gui via a url, it's difficult to troubleshoot beyond the app. I figured out a pattern during its reboot where I manually rebooted the device at a point where the blue light was solid. It became a trial and error. As part of troubleshooting, I also changed my wifi completely, creating new SSIDs of various encryption strength of different channels over the 2.4ghz range. With it working, I am now able to remotely manage and monitor the keyless lock: create and terminate codes, lock and unlock it, check history. In the words of Run DMC, "Tricky, tricky, tricky"!
Had a horrible time twisting and moving this pool table and broke some wood off the sides around some doorways and this tape is very thick and almost the same wood tone as the pool table .. use this stuff on all the breaks and you don't even notice it.. good tape!
The product itself performs as it should. The instructions, however, are apparently a shot fired at the US because of upcoming tariff wars. They are terrible. If you buy this, the highest and best use of the instructions is as starter for a campfire. Just start pressing buttons and you will figure it out.
I just now hung these, and 3 of the bulbs don't work. Can u send replacements?
I bought six cans to spray my new couch and they were all defective and leaking everywhere. I know this is not normal because I also bought a few cans from Walmart and they worked just fine.
does not stick as well as i would have hoped
Arrived promptly, price was great. Was easy to install but the wires are about 8 or 10 inches to short and I had to improvise how I ran the wires using duct tape, which was kind of a pain and disappointing
I heard amazing thing about this mixer. It's really no better than any other mixer.
Works as intended but cheaply made.
Fair quality, good amount of light
Great idea, fairly complicated installation. Issues with base plate being too small and wires quite bulky. Regular bulb thread, but bulbs must have a long neck or you need to modify each individual fixture. Do not recommend for a large room, better for a powder room or nook. We replaced it within 6 months. Looked a little cheap.
This is a good light for the price: Motion detector works well, time can be set as high as 8 minutes, and they're very compact in size, with an aluminum and glass housing. The weak point, for my salt-air environment, is the mounting bracket: It's thin stamped steel. At the coast where I live, I know that will rust in 6 months, and will become seriously weakened in a year. Too bad they couldn't have spent an extra buck to make the bracket aluminum or some other material less susceptible to weather.
These bulbs arrived in good condition and all intact but they burn out super fast. I've had to change the bulb 3 times now and I've only had them for a week. It just isn't a good value for me if the bulbs burn out after a couple days of use... I will not buy again.
This product was not very good. It was defective.
The promotion did not make clear this is a USB powered device - I expected a 110v device - had to purchase a wall adapter!
Reason for low score, no mounting items where included. I essentially had to come up with the materials for it. Says it's included, but wasn't there.
These bulbs were perfect for my need. However, I gave a 3-star rating because one of the three bulbs were broken. Maybe more filler in the box would have prevented this.
These work great. I'm just not sold on the red light idea. I bought these as night lights for my kids room and it honestly looks like Satan's dungeon at night.
They are nice, but would've been better had rhey been non slip. I constantly have to re-straighten them.
does work but not as well as I had hoped
Looks very nice once put together , but be prepared to set aside a few hours for assembly. Each glass piece has to be individually hung with a metal piece . Some of my glass pieces were damaged , ( and some the hole where you put the metal through wasn't accessible :/ ) . It's overall bright and stands out I just think they should ship the fragile glass separately, with better protection.
I'm just not a fan of these charging blocks. I really wanted to love them, but they just don't seem to pull in enough power to charge anything, let alone two things at once. It takes my phone twice as long to charge using one of these then it does any other charging block I have. But of a disappointment to say the least
I think the price for the Fresh Flow Produce Preserve Replacements was a great price, however, there is one thing that I seem to have missed when I purchased it directly from Kitchenaid: the indicator. I have used these filters to keep my produce fresh in my refrigerator, and I've loved them. I also loved the indicator that normally comes with each set of two replacements. Other than that, I think this was a great deal.
The look and quality of the lamp is great. I LOVE the lamp. However, the shade is NOT white. Off white, Maybe even closer to a hint of beige once lit. It appeared bright white out of the box and looks white during the day time. Until its needed at night. I tried several different types of light bulbs (daylight, bright white, different brands, etc.) But none made a difference. So I'd only recommend this lamp if you are not looking for a bright white lamp shade.
It popped in easy. But I was disapointed it had multiple scuffs and scratches. I was under the impression this item was new.
On my 3rd unit (Kenmore Elite refrigerator). The first unit lasted a couple of years, the 2nd unit a little over a year, the 3rd unit about 3 months. They worked fine but it seems that for whatever reason the quality is getting worse. On my 4th unit (let's see how long this one will last) and purchased 2 more as for a little over $20 is cheaper than getting someone to fix it. If I can average about a year per unit it is worth it for me.
The quality of the product is fine. However one of the plugs did not work and I hated it as liked the product itself and I could not find a way to ask for a replacement for 1 of the plug instead of returning the product
The lights were beautiful while they stayed up, which was two days! They didn't stick, it is disappointing.
I used this inside a kitchen cabinet that has glass doors. It took me very little time to install and installed very easily. It came out great!
I got this to wash my dogs in. Fits inside my tub nicely. The legs are a bit wobbly and depth is deeper than I thought. Also, its a bit slippery and I will need to buy a bath mat for it. This is cheaper at Home depot.
The tool works on nap rollers but not so much on foam rollers. The part that goes into your drill is 1" long and I don't like putting my electric drill so close to water inside of the bucket. Also if there is any dried paint residue inside of your roller it makes it very difficult to put the roller on and take it off the tool. I have another tool made for regular size diameter rollers and it has an 18" shaft and the rollers come on and off real easy, also you don't have to bend over the bucket to use it, you can stand up. I wish they would make this roller cleaner just like the one I use for regular diameter rollers. Then they would have a winner.
the light quality is fine but the second bulb didn't work
Great product, does everything it's supposed to and at a reasonable price.
When it was time to install the backsplash I was very disappointed to see crease marks in the backsplash, this is all because of the lack of something to keep the panel from being bent in shipping because the people at these shipping businesses don't really care so the manufacture should want their products to arrive in good shape and two pieces of cardboard is not going to prevent bending so if you purchase this product don't be surprised by what it may look like when you remove it from the package.
I love my Meross Smart Plugs and have 4 of them. These bulbs operate great, but the colors are bad. These bulbs do not hold a candle to my Hue bulbs, but they are 1/4 of the price. So they may be great for kids for the novelty of them, but not for a nice living space. I mostly just wanted natural white-to-yellow lighting with the option of having color. These does not do natural lighting well (firmware was fully updated). White is pure white, which worked well, but any shade of yellow has a greenish hue, and sometimes a blue tint which is not ideal. It was a rather weird yellow. Maybe these compare to the first generation Hue bulbs, but not the most recent ones. I love Meross and they have great potential (check out their Smart Plugs, seriously), so I hope they come out with updated ones that have a better color spectrum, an easier way to fine-tune colors on the app, and nice presets like Hue has for various natural light settings.
Does not sit flat on the floor, the bolt will dig into your wooden floor.
Water tastes great. Pump runs at times 10+ minutes after water has been dispensed and pump is just load enough that it is annoying.
Product ok but had two marks that were almost through the tarp. Expected better quality for the price! Wouldn't buy again!
These lights could have been better but alas I just got them as a gift to my mom lol it only showed one set of icons and not like it was pictured. But they are not the worst in the end.
So this is technically fine, but the back is very flimsy. I mounted a marble mosaic tile to the back and it still has some flex to it. I wish the back side was a thicker material to reduce the possibility of cracked grout and tiles falling off.
Perfect for my theme but it did come with imperfections on the silver
This is a beautiful table lamp. It is stated as being blue/purple colored. It is more blue than purple. The craftsmanship is top notch. I'm going to keep it instead of sending it back. Cause the lamp is very pretty. Just kinda wish it would have been more purple than blue.
I like the code feature. The look and quality of the lock and door handle. I thought I would be able to lock and unlock the door with my cell phone but I can't. You have to purchase smart hub like Alexia.
The bulb works fine. However, it is orange. The package calls it warm white.
Seemed good but was slightly to big by a hair, had to return.
the ERP 500 is better.
I purchased this valve kit twice - in 2013 and 2016. It works great and cleans the bottom of the tank well. It lasts about 2 years, then the rubber valve cap gets disconnected internally and the vale doesn't let the water in anymore. I contacted support via their web form and via phone (leaving messages), but to no avail.
They can are ok but I expected them to be thicker and more rubber plastic
The music is ok but the white light is way too dim.
I like the strength of the door but the side, top and rear panels could be stronger
Installation is dumb. Instructions are limited.
Loved them but one came with a damaged cord
The first time I ordered this Egyptian Musk oil here it was great. Wonderful! I thought I finally found that scent I had been looking for from “back in the day”. But then....This second bottle not so much. It's much much weaker. What happened? Disappointed :(
Works well but material is cheap. Has one small leak even though I used plumbers tape. Water pressure is great if you remove the water saving device. The control to change from shower to hand held is awkward. I don't expect that this will last forever. But I am willing to use it until it breaks and buy another higher quality one next time
The provided screw did not fit the pre-tap holes.
Said it would fit my door, bur screws were too long, The outside handle did not fit into existing holes. The lock handle did not not fit into existing hole, in this case too much paint. This also caused the lock operation to be very hard.
Bought two packages and one of the bulbs were broken.
exact replacement but somewhat flimsy. At this price I suppose I can replace it very few years though.
just ok..does not sparkle as i expected..more like glass not like diamond or crystal..
Through they be a better built then original but still worked very well
Some of the eyes come of as we fastening the tarp to the boat trailer. Not sure yet if it is going to hold, just put it on the boat yesterday afternoon.
Not as bright as I would like but pretty good for the price.
Rollers work great but screws don't fit.
We used these for stair rails to raised restrooms. Our dislike was that there were only two mounting brackets and we had bought a four foot a couple years ago and it had three mounting brackets. Great railings just not sure why a longer one would have less mounting brackets.
I was looking for something that does exactly what this does, but the build quality on this leaves a lot to be desired. The lever that moves from open to close is flimsy, and the flap gets caught in the housing. The filter doesn't sit very secure and the whole things leaks air and a bit of lint.
This will not work with LED bulbs. If you read the description (like I didn't), you will probably be more satisfied with your purchase.
Bought as a gift for the ladies in the family. Fortunately they haven't had to use them, so can't say how well they work. Hoping that if the need arises, they alarms will work as well as described.
The tones are brief, not rich or resonant. It is the low end of such devices.
These lightbulbs were WAY more golden than my other 4000k bulbs from different brands.
Crud! Don't forget the AAA batteries. Wish they would have mentioned that under "Frequently bought together" column or something.
This will not keep someone from breaking into your house, at best it'll slow them down by a minute or two. It will work good on a bathroom door that doesn't have a lock or a bedroom door, but you'd be better off in that case just buying a new door knob that has a lock on it.
Not all bad, battery seems long, good lux but not lumens meaning the spread is good but not extremely bright for its size. So stupid to click 4X to cycle through stages. Dumb, but for the price I guess I'm nitpicking.
Packaging was substandard and crushed all 4 units. Almost unusable.
Package looked like it had broken open and been taped shut, was missing about 40 of the t nuts out of 300 I ordered.
This is only one plate. There was nothing in the description saying it was only one. It would have been nice to know ahead of time to save on shipping.
Got an uneven amount of screws and spikes. Have tons of spikes left over with no screws. Very disappointing:(
its a cord it does what it is supposed to do.
Nice to have a little finer control of the temperature in this room than the heater's built in control. BUT, the temp in the room is ALWAYS colder (currently 6 degrees colder) than I have it set to.
These things ROCK. We've had 4 in our shop for over a year and they perform flawlessly. A fifth was just installed and the light output and color tint is the exact same as the others. Well done!!! Edit: One year later, half of one of the 5 lights we use is dead...
Did not work for me but, I was trying to take off an unknown product.
ITS PRETTY BUT IT FALL A LOT
Does not include terminals for larger size wire for battery terminals. Only for very low amp applications.
hi, I am trying to contact the seller directly but I can't figure out how to to that. My unit arrived broker. Just the louvered cover part. The hinge is broken off and I can't figure out who to contact to replace it. help. I have pics I can send.
constantly need to tighten the bolts, also this much light does not cut through smoke, it just blinds you and everyone around you
This product seems well contructed, the “brown” option that is listed is brushed nickel. The item looks nice installed, however both of drains leaked significantly once installed. There are no instructions in the box with the drains. Thankfully this wasn't my first drain install so I knew what to do to stop the leaks. Probably not a product for the novice diy-er, but if you know how to use plumbers putty in non conventional ways, you'll be fine.
the corners peel up very easily
Functional - nothing special. It looks like the same thing I could have got at Lowe's for $2 less.
top of the pyramid is not translucent so it doesn't glow when the light is on. It's more like sand than salt. Very disappointed.
Sealed Slate Tiles for outside. Amount was a big mistake. Buy a larger jug if you are doing a project. I have already gone ahead and ordered a gallon from another seller with hundreds of reviews. It was my fault in ordering soooooo quickly.
I love these panels. They are easy to use. They appear to be durable and easily wiped clean. I will be ordering more very soon. I wanted to add an update. I ordered three more boxes based on the first ones I bought. The second order was not so great. I had to nail some of them on as they would be popped out the next day. I'm not happy with them but I'm too far in now to change the tiles to something else.
It's useful but back breaking if ur tall. The handle can not be adjust to someone that is tall. It's probably made for someone 4'10 or a child to use.
The parts seem to be working well. The seal had a small defect but does not leak yet. I didn't have time to ask for a replacement. I plan on calling the supplier but that can sometimes be a hassle. So far so good
Too sensitive - I could not find bad connections on Christmas light strings. Would work great for outlets and equipment.
Much larger than I expected! Wish it was brighter for the size...
Smoke and CO alarm adt/Samsung hub only. Leak detector universal zigbee not visible by adt monitoring , only by the app.
Maybe operator error, but i wasn't able to use this to hold the candles down onto window frame. I like that it won't affect the paint, just wish it held better than it does.
They are rated to replace the 20W halogen but I was expecting them to be brighter than they are ...
Love the look but it came with long and short screws, but both too long. Now must buy others at hardware store
These are very bright! We used them in our basement for a gaming area. Docked two stars because some arrived bent in undamaged packaging, so I'm pretty sure they were packed up like that. Also, be aware which ones you order. There was a 6 pack and 2 pack available for the same price, so I just got the 6 pack.
One of the filters worked when installed. Second filter installed fine, but no water would pass through. Price was great, just couldn't use one of the two filters.
I bought these because I thought I might be able to use them to child proof my cabinets. They aren't quite strong enough to keep out my 2 year old. He has to pull pretty hard, but he can pull them open. But then again, I don't know that that is what they are meant for. Installation was a little time consuming as well. My husband got on me for making him install them in our kitchen. But now that they're up, they work very well to keep the cabinets closed and keep my toddler out about 50% of the time.
These are so cool, but I had to return - the screw part was way too long for my cabinets...
These wheels work very well. I got them for my office char to help with scratching the floor. The downfall is no mater what I've done they make my chair squeak and sometimes get caught.
I feel like the title was misleading and didn't specify there were TWO in each package. I needed 3, so I bought 3 and ended up with 6!! They work fine though. No instructions, but after trial and error I got them to work!
Product was easy to work with. Edges aren't staying attached very well. The shade of brown led me to believe it was a dark chocolate color. Color received is more of a dark tan.
I was a bit disappointed. This isn't the best quality product. The adhesive on the back doesn't always stick. I've had it fall down a few times. Also one of them no longer functions after only a few uses.
Didn't suit our needs. If you pull hard enough on the pocket door, it will open.
This light may be unique but it's not what I expected. Even at the brightest setting, it's not that bright compared to a corded light. One button controls it all which is unacceptable. You'll get tired of pressing the button over and over again to get to the setting you want. There should be multiple controls and an on off switch. It's not a matter of money, as I would have gladly paid two to three times as much for a well engineered product. There is not much to choose from in this product category so I give it three stars, but I feel like giving it one. However, it is twice as good as what I have now so I'll keep it.
Had one leak on top when raining and had to seal it. Others were fine.
Don't work as well as the ones from Teacher Buddy, however they are bigger. They are peeling up on the edges (using them on a small group table). Erase fairly well.
These look really nice. The color temperature is higher than pictured, and they do not put out ANYWHERE near the equivalent of a 40w incandescent.
Not very bright, bought them for the outside of an off the grid cabin, they dont put out much light
I bought this product and installed throughout the home. After about a month I noticed squeaking noises on a number of cabinet doors. I sent the company a video and they were prompt in sending a whole new container of the door dampeners. We ended up having the same problem again after a while. The tips of the dampeners are rubber and our cabinets are painted. It seemed to me that the issue was the rubber tip sliding on the painted door. VERY SIMPLE fix! I put a piece of clear shiny packing tape on the inside of the door where the dampener touches the door. This resolved the problem and has stopped the squeaking all over the home. The company needs to have some kind of smooth surface tape, perhaps Teflon tape to put on the inside of the doors to stop this noise. We resolved it ourselves.
The price was good for these lights but I hung these lights and 3 bulbs were already blown out and not working.
Did not perform as I expected. Would not purchase again. Had difficulty painting over this with latex paint.
These are easy to install and work great. Update: I bought a second package of these and 1 bulb was broken... Update: Replacement package had 1 bulb DOA. Packaging was an envelope, should have been a sturdier box. I'm done with this brand.
I bought this to highlight a painting and used two of them to diffuse the light. The idea of sticking them to the ceiling is good but didn't work well with a popcorn ceiling, so we had to screw them in. The intensity is a little less bright than I had wanted, but overall I was satisfied with the product.
I installed it as soon as I got it and immediately had issues with the controller, the lifter would not recognize the remotes or the main controller, and immediately gave error codes. I had to call the manufacturer immediately to get a replacement control board, possibly an isolated incident, but even after the board was replaced it is still a mediocre product. Louder than the one it replaced and the range and operations of the remotes is disappointing.
don't really know yet, been trying to get an electrician to install it.. instructions/ install seems confusing
This was nice except the lamp shade is super shiny, so it doesn't really go with the rustic theme of the base of the lamp
Products works great but I was using this for a glass with water and after about 4 uses the glue gave up!!
one of the two lights I received was DOA... The other one works as expected and illuminates well.
Did not come with screw inserts.
Not good for erasing it leaves former outline of previous writings.
My issue with this is that there is very little downward flex to the head. Had to return it because it want to shoot water too far forward.
One of the 2 sensors were defective and could not pair to thermostat.Return for replacement. Hope replacement works properly.
One kept cutting off periodically on its own.
Good overall product, well crafted. Keep in mind that the fixture provides a very bright light, use lower wattage bulbs if needed. The bulbs however were not included in the package I received.
I used these for many years decades ago and loved them. I was thrilled to find them online though unsure how it would turn out since there were many reviews bemoaning the decrease in the quality of the product. However, for the short time I used it (2 months), it worked fine. I was very careful not to stress it a lot by bending it as the thread connector is plastic but I was pleased with the function of it in all other ways. There was a little spurt of water beginning to come out on one side and I do not know how long it would have lasted if we continued to use it. We installed a new sink and faucet so I am no longer using it.
very short supply, maybe three 1 inch tread wraps at best
The colors didn't all work properly. The receiver antenna isn't very good...
Couldn't get the sensor to work, tried all kinds of tweaking. After a couple hours of testing, finally tried the other motion sensor and boom! Worked perfectly. Switching between both sensors, became very clear the problem was that the first one I tried was bad, not a problem in my code. Argh...
Works good and was the size I wanted. I'm keeping it because it wasn't fun to install. PERFECT for a retro home or apartment, not my sm country themed home. In my opinion REALLY UGLY .
Engineering is pretty rough.
I lost the instruction manual and there is simply no instructions to set up the lights with the remote on any website
I had purchased a 3 light set, and only received 2 of the 3 lights.. repeatedly trying to get the third light sent to me, cause I really do like it and WANT the 3rd light, to be used in my house that we are updating. It seems to be of good quality. Maybe it was lost?? Maybe they should package them in one box instead of 3 separate ones!!! just a idea.
did not last very long
Temperature is off by 2 degrees. Set it for 66 if you want to maintain 68. This was verified against 3 other thermometers. Bought this for RV electric heater which is in the middle of our motor home and keep the remote by the bed in back set temp and it turns heater on / off to maintain temp.
Had to return because of screw size
They work great, but only 25 screws is a rip off
I have to say the quality of the product is good. The reason I'm giving it a 3 star rating is due to the fact that my specific product is crooked I have no other complaints just that it is crooked on the edges.
I did not mean to push three-star I did not know what I was doing I'm trying to find out how to return this it did not work at all.
After installing by a plumber over a month ago, this has already started to leak. When rotating the handle to shut it off, one has to make sure to stop it before the end. If you go all the way it starts to run again.
I purchased this item after reading the reviews, I was looking for a tape to paint leather that wouldn't destroy the surface. I was excited and bought two rolls. This delicate version, does not stay stuck on leather. I know it's for painting walls, but it was suggested to try for painting on leather. It's a bit too delicate i think, and paints bled underneath the tape.
Arrived broken. On right wing. And fingers on right hand broken. Workmanship average and very fragil, beautiful dove light up at night
Kinda cheap and you see why it is this low of a price.
Make sure you wipe the back of it extensively before you install, mine had tiny black pieces of metal on the back like it wasn't sanded or cleaned for shipping and it ruined the wall i installed it on. black marks everywhere and soap/water couldn't get them off semi-gloss walls. luckily the painter came back to do touch-ups
The faucet did not work. The vessel is beautiful and works great, 5 stars. Suggestion to vendor: provide faucet specs and remove it from package. Including a bad faucet gives false expectations that bring frustrations. (I ended up paying premium on buying a faucet from local store because my contractor was finishing up my renovation project.)
Bought these about a month ago and 2 of them already stopped working :/
Not sure how I feel about them, I bought because they said they would be shipped in 2 days and were listed as prime. Took them a week to get them to me. And they don't fit the socket that it says it fits but work.
Lights up orange not a huge fan of that.
Initially, we loved this. But after a week, the motor started making a loud noise and it has never gone away. So my son now has to sleep with a fan to drown out the motor noise. The volume levels are very few and the lowest is still quite loud. You have to press for a few seconds for somethings (to switch sounds, to turn on) and others require a very light touch. We have never tried using the remote so I am not sure how it works. Overall, I'm in the middle on this one. If the motor didn't make a loud noise (it wasn't there until about a week), I would have given it a much higher rating even with the issue on the volume levels. And just so you know, the picture is not accurate on how it appears in the room, but that really didn't bother me as it is still pretty bright.
I bought this to dim outdoor LED string lights. Two star deduction because the female output is to a two-pronged plug - where as string lights are 3 prong with a ground. The mail in that plugs into the socket is 3 prong - where does the ground go? One of the pictures does show this - my bad for not noticing - it should be noted in the tech specs. Buyer beware.
After a week of non-continuous use, it now emits a high pitch sound when powered off, and a different less blaring pitch when powered on. Added rather easily to Samsung Smart Things. Sticky strip does not attach well to wall.
These replacement bulbs were not as expected. They are ,in my opinion, too big for window candles. Wish they were more slim lined. I have others like them, silicone dipped, but they look nicer as they are smaller and narrower. Also had problems with three of the twelve in the box. Was finally able to twist, turn, take in and out and make two of them work. One wouldn't work no matter what and I threw it away. Would not repurchase these for my window candles.
This is okay, but the gold color is spray painted on and extremely delicate. You have to be very careful not to scratch or strip the screws. I am sure this is how they keep the costs down. Additionally, it is hard to get balanced just right. I would note the color gives away that this is gold paint and the piece from the mount to the lamp does not have fixed joints, so mine sits at a slight angle. The paint quality could be better and I would prefer fixed joints on the rod from the mount.
Good set. Found better price elsewhere.
Trick to mounting these is to use CA jel glue and activator. That way it doesn't get into the pin and you can countersink the holes (Dremel tools and 1/16" bit) Shipping was terrible! Paid for one day delivery. It took three and was told it was going to take another two! In fairness shipping fee was refunded and they gave us a $10 credit.
I love the product. Unfortunately the first one broke and I had to get this as a replacement. Other than that it has been really a great product and I recommend it.
I purchased this grip before chosing my color and this grip did not fit the hammered primer and paint spray can. The hammered primer and paint was amazing-my out door furniture looks wonderful. I am sure I will use this comfort grip eventually. Rustoleum makes great products.
A solid 3 stars. Great product design — after 6 weeks started misting about 50% less. Glad I got a diffuser — This definitely helps me sleep at night with essential oils, and helps my headaches and depression during the day. Wish it worked better.
The Wifi with Alexa is hard to use. Despite I connect it to my house's WiFi. Alexa always shows it was disconnect. I have to manually start it then it connect to WiFi eventually. Other than the WiFi issue the lightbulbs are great, the brightness and the color is great.
It does the job, except I wish it could be dimmable since it has the rotary button for on and off. Did not come with the light bulb.
Not as sturdy as I thought they would be. Otherwise satisfied with over look.
Product did not perform as described. Arrived with accessories missing. Will return and find another option. Although the product didn't work out, the customer service was great. Prompt responses and follow up. I would use this seller again based on this.
Meh. If your family tends to yank on the door when it's closed, it will bend the tab right back down thus rendering it effectively useless. Just my .02
This works fine, but don't like that everytime you turn it on it announces that it's connecting. I wanted to use it in the bathroom, to have music while showering. If anyone turns on the bathroom light, the light announces that it's connecting.
Ordered 2 2 packs. 2 bulbs did not work. I was refunded promptly through Amazon.
Really love this faucet but have only had it for a month and already a few finicky moments when the touch functionality wasn't working. Makes me very nervous for how long it will last :(
Like programming an irrigation timer, hard to do for myself who has mastered computers. Put away for sometime when I have an entire day with nothing of higher priority to do.
They arrived quickly, but were hard to put on my screen, they kept bubbling up, and after I would out them on, they were hard to peel off or rearrange correctly.
The grout seems to be ok although I have had to apply multiple coats over a period of time. The roller does not work at all.
hello, this cord is really nice in build and looks, but the lack of a ground plug is obvious. when ordering, we overlooked that as the cords being plugged in were only two prong. but, now, other applications all need a ground hole to make it work. it is okay and could be better if it had the ground hole for each unit or at least the top one.
When I first got these I loved them. They changed colors , my kids felt better (we just moved into a big house and they were nervous). On day 2 one of the lights completely stopped working so now it's back to square one !!! Grrrr
I think hurricane winds may be the only wind strong enough to turn this blade?
Not compatible with LEDs like is listed on the manufactures website
didn't get the chance to use as yet
I like how simple the installation was and how easy they were to cut with scissors to fit. **BUT** Some planks fell off within the first day and would not stick to my clean, non-textured, NOT freshly painted wall. I had to buy heavy duty double sided sticky tape for a whopping $10 a tiny roll to keep some planks from falling. Adds quite a bit to the total cost. Kinda bummed. Looks beautiful otherwise!
They took long time to ship it and they didn't put the plastic connector
Not bad with the price and only problem is with the cover of the light as it is moving a lot .
I put the light between a gate and a door. Does not catch my movement too well. I tried adjusting but i guess I have to keep waving my hands to activate the light..
Didn't send me the dimmer lights, sent me the flick lights.
Was sent the wrong type filter despite checking the listing closely. The company refunded my money and took back the product free of charge. Wish they would have offered to exchange it for the correct filters instead.... makes me wonder if they really have the right ones. Either way the return process and refund was satisfactory.
Although my bench weighs less than the stated handle weight for the feet, they have still bent over the last couple months, causing the bench to lower.
Lasted 2 years. Crapped out
I purchased Ecosmart 11 electric tankless heater in 2013 and it has been replaced 4 times because their instructions do not mention the problems involved maintenance and prevention of scale buildup. You cannot just rinse off the screen once per year as per their old instructions. You also must flush this system with white vinegar several times per year, and that requires the installation of a service valve kit. I also advise using a whole house filter with a scale inhibitor and replacing it whenever you flush out the tankless heater.
slow water production. especially on cold side. to big a pain to uninstall to replace at the moment.
Did not last as advertised and both bulbs are dead within 2 years.
Way too long, get lose quick and fall off. Like the handle falls off cheap glue to it
It works. In 8 - 10 weeks it will break. You will have to buy another.
No instructions, no template, nothing in the box. Just hardware. But that didn't stop me. I refuse to pay double this price at the hardware store. It was a success but no thanks to the seller. If I wasn't handy at all I would have returned it. You guys need to put instructions in these things!!!
Its good quality tape. Doesn't stick to concrete well. Ill find other uses for it. But if you are thinking of lining the floor with this stuff, it doesn't stick well to concrete.
I used this product for my bedroom walls. Yes, it looks great! But it was definitely a struggle to get dust off the adhesive because once there was even a little bit, the lights would not stick. Also, do not buy if you don't know how to properly cut and connect lights. I almost completely broke the whole set of lights when I tried to cut it. Plus, this company doesn't give you any of the parts needed to connect them anyway. The instruction manual was no help when I tried to set up the remote.
Product served the purpose and very easy to size but is not of very high quality.
A little disappointing. Not very bright and they are tiny.
I'm having problems the fan and the light don't work together.
This is a nice set of washi tape but the tiny side pieces are so narrow, you cannot even unroll them.
Very nice addition to my house. Not sure why the bottom is leaking and is this safe? Should I not use it while it is wet? Please advise.
Smaller than I expected. The jellyfish body is very well preserved and positioned. The imperfections in the casting are acceptable. Just like in the photo it seems all of them have a large bubble on the jellyfish body. The resin arrived with a chip in the glass bottom. It was carefully packed which means it was boxed broken and sent out. I'm undecided if it bothers me or not. The base works nicely but loses points for being battery powered only. Would have given an extra star if the base at least had a power port.
The stock batteries suck in the door/window sensor, make sure to order tons of spares. High traffic = 2 months battery at best. Low traffic = ????
Just not impressed but you pay for the quality
Not as bright as expected, they work.
A little too dim. Doesn't light up the lanterns as brightly as I had wished.
Very large in size Did not fit
A bit pricey for the size. All in all it's just ok.
I didn't know this fixture took special bulbs. I put this in my kitchen but it is more suitable for a bathroom because it does not throw light very far,
Bought this for my grandsons!
This replaced an old, rusted 4 x12 register. I had to trim plastic off one end this to get it in. It is exactly 4 x 12. They could make them 1/4" smaller to facilitate insertion in the duct, it would have no impact on function. The wood finish is nice - no complaints there.
I really have not seen or felt different I will keep trying
Not what we were hoping for. Its cute but isnt cutting it as a night light
ITS 3/4" internal Size & Furniture Grade Type
Like the lights, but I have a yellow line showing all the way across the backsplash in my kitchen with all 5 lights. Very annoying. If these is something that can be done, please let me know. I have them mounted in the center of all the under cabinets....same across all lights.
The connector needs to redesign to make it neater at better location. The auto reset door's orientation is not smart. Any auto feature should be fully automated completing by itself or with very little ordinary human interaction. Adding complexity unnecessary just made it less and less user friendly.
Hinges look great. I ordered 2 sets of 25 for a total of 50 sets. 13 our of the 50 did not have a spring tension. Unfortunately some of my doors now stay open about a quarter inch when you shut them. Other than quality control they seem to be a good product so far.
2 out of 13 lights are dim after only 2 weeks...remains are very good
I was bummed when the Super Greens Powder Premium Superfood was out of stock so I bought this instead. It said berry flavored and I figured that should be doable. Oh dear, this tastes like grass, I mean it is like I went out into my yard and mixed grass in a blender and drank it.
i bought 4 of these batteries to fit inside my dewalt power station. they all click in perfectly, but after a few months of sitting and not being used, one battery doesn't work anymore.
Bought this for the bar area at the lakehouse, to go with a softer steampunk feel. We did pipe furniture a much as possible in this fun room, and this helped tie it in. Install was easy, but probably moreso for this application since we could mount it anywhere on the 1” pine wall. The shelves are crap, cheesy film veneer, would imagine it peeling at some point, but will be fine for occasion use.
Pros: It is sleek, modern and minimalist in design. Cons: The plastic clamshell is a headache to open. The 'ding' is loud and clear, but the 'dong' is barely audible. The installation/instruction manual is for a different model. Am keeping it as I honestly can't be bothered returning it now that it is installed.
I used this for my front door, it covers good in the morning when the sun is out but when it's dark outside and indoor lights are on you can literally see the whole house from outside! Only use for sunny areas does not work in the dark.
Just arrived. Lights seem alright and quite bright. 3 stars because the cords for hooking the lights up in a series are not included. The way it is written up I was definitely expecting the cords to come with the lights. So now I need to find the right cords.
Well, at least it comes in a two pack. Given, we leave our microwave light on at the low setting overnight, but the first bulb only lasted 60 days. Even on 24 hours a day that would only be 1440 hours of burn time - nowhere near the 30,000 hour lifespan.
Lamp looks great but arrived broken. Had to take it apart to fix the wiring in order to get it to turn on.
Its nice but stops working after a while.
Should I buy the warranty? How does the warranty work? This is my 3rd one ordered in 3 years, they don't seem to be rugged and lasting? Mine is installed as a security light and is very useful when my dog goes out in the back yard. Ordered on February 27, 2018 (3 items), Ordered on June 20, 2017 (1 item), Ordered on October 5, 2016 (1 item)
It's fine when you're lucky to have full sunny day New England weather has it not so dependable to illuminate if at all
The curved bottom allows for food to splatter out of it. It's big and bulky design does not allow the magnet to stick to the microwave.
Not as bright as the picture makes it look but its still cute!
This works well, but I was disappointed that the finish was worn upon arrival.
Beautiful lamp but.... had an online switch. Not what I wanted
Only giving 3 starts because it's not very sturdy it kind of wiggles when you move it, but if you leave it alone, it's works very well and very cute. Tool me about 30 minutes to install by myself.
Be very very careful on what model you are ordering. The description makes it sound like one product has all three modes. NO NO NO. You can order the touch, OR the dim, OR the door.
So yes, this is super beautiful to watch and that part gets 5 stars, but I can only get it to turn on with the remote, not with the buttons on the front and the noise effects are a bit disturbing because they are not looped well at all and so it is very obvious when it starts over. And because of those issues it gets a 3.
okay for price. sloppy finish
I ordered 3 for all of my bathrooms, one is defective and doesn't work in any of my house's toilet. But the other 2 bidets I ordered are functional and work perfectly! My fiance is so scared of using them, but I am just so happy with it. I feel so clean. I just hope the seller will be able to send me a functional 3rd bidet so I can install for my last bathroom.
Didn't stay in track very long just like original. Not easiest to install but is identical to original.
Light was dim, but it worked as advertised. More of a novelty item, though. My daughter did like it.
Very cute concept but the toilet paper flys out when you pull it
I mounted these lights under my cabinets last night. This morning I found them laying on my countertops and on the floor.
Have yet to try the product but what I did notice is my invoice says $68.00 for the kit and I paid $80+ so they are getting $20 im assuming for shipping? No wonder is free.
Great safe perfect size, just wish it had a handle to carry it with
Worked on for a while but stopped after a few months
It fit properly, but is made of cheap plastic. Looks ok, but for $200 I would expect a lot more.
It's ok for patching a small spot & it sticks well, but it was thinner than the popcorn finish on my ceiling so I'm going with another option.
I have to go outside to turn them back on every couple of days
In my quest for a quiet 2700k GU10 bulb, I was happy to see that Hyperikon had finally made a plastic-bodied bulb of regular size. Their older, metal-framed 2700k GU10 bulb was the quietest bulb I had ever tried, but its dimensions precluded their use in many light fixtures. I had even contact them to see if they were planning to make a smaller, more standard-sized GU10 bulb. I am sad to report that this new bulb is not quiet. Like another reviewer, I had noise levels all over the place. 3 of the bulbs were extremely noisy, even at full power. Even the quieter one was not particularly quiet compared to other bulbs I have., so they're going back.
love the look, just wish it had better instructions and was packaged better. Ours arrived all covered with foam beads from being shoved in the box with nothing between the light sockets and the foam... don't know if I'll ever get all the Styrofoam off it!
I'm sure they were nice, but according to the description they swivel 360 degrees. Before I opened the box, I looked closely and could see from the picture that they don't swivel. I requested a refund from Amazon, and for the first time ever, I had to get permission from a 3rd party seller. Something got mixed up. I initially did not get the prepaid return label as they said. Finally got it and instead of UPS, had to drive much farther away to drop the package off at FedEx.
After installing and flushing the water still comes out much quicker. I fill a 32oz and the dispenser is at 24oz. I'm not sure if it is as good as the original
It reused the old brass washers, I appreciate the provided brass bolt, however I'm curious about the washers and nuts. There aren't steel, perhaps some other non-ferrous white metal?
It did not work for my tub blockage. I had to have a plumber snake the drain twice. Just not right for the job.
NOT as strong as described, but very quite
Fits perfectly in the drain but gets very clogged just with regular hand soap. Threw away after having to constantly scrub.
The ones I received did not look like the ones in the picture either, instead of a nail there was plastic.
Magnetic is weaker then expected and door blows open with some wind.
Beautiful... but wish it wasnt all plastic.
Did not fit window sill
eh, it's only good if it works with your door, which it didnt so it was kind of a waste of money, but i guess ill bring it travelling
Super cute and goes great in my kids bathroom, just was hoping it would be a lot brighter. It hardly puts off any light.
Nonstick works well and it fits my range well, but after a few months has some scratches in the nonstick coating despite cleaning with normal sponges and using nonstick utensils
A little clumsy to use and came with 24 inch hoses, which were too short. Had to order 36 inch hoses separately.
These are cool. Took a while to put up and wre a lil time consuming. Also NOT LONG ENUF. can't open umbrella all the way or it'll snap the cords bc the cords coming down fingers aren't long enuf. Didn't realize until after I'd installed it and tried to open umbrella. Snapped a finger off the cord immediately. It didn't fault thr rest of the cords so that was a plus I guess
Tried it on a car mirror, and the rubber handle on a sports bottle. Did absolutely NOT work !!!!! Back to Super Glue!!
I thought it was lovely in color and design. However I had to return it because I could not get it over the bulb equipment because plastic
This is a great idea it was hard for me to use. Could have been my surface (covering old grout) but I wish it had done a better job.
To this day, i have not installed the alarm. Sent out emails and have not been able to get any instructions for the alarm. No good to me sitting here with no instructions. I own 2 saber small personal keychain alarms and love those though
The lights look really good. Just annoying when you order a color and they send you what they feel like.
The product description on Amazon states that this holds over 200 lb but the package actually says the holding power is 180 lb
Thought I was getting a box of matching male AND female connectors, instead just a box of female ones. never saw them packaged separately, so I missed the "(female spade)" at the end of the description, they should LEAD with that. Well mad, box is not as shown in the pictures though, has only horizontal divider, not verticals.
The lock: Great features even though some are not active like linking to a gateway. Installation: fairly easy, manual can be improved. The App: once installed and configured, the app works great, however, discovered a bug in the app, if you register using your phone number and then log out, you may not be able to log back in. As an advise, register using your email. Customer service: the worst I have ever seen. when I installed the app and configured it, I logged out to test how it works. I could not log back in. IT support works only through email. you send and email and wait for 24 to 48 hours to get a response which may be a clarification on the question you sent, and so on. in my case I got a response after few days, and it was a question from IT to clarify. Finally, one employee of the customer service told me about the bug, and I was able to figure it out using a you tube link they sent me. Still did not get help from IT support. If someone is not savvy with apps and computers, they may have hard time working the bugs.
Sprayer broke within two months, bought a replacement from a different company.
They are plastic. I was expecting metal. Sent them back and received a refund from Amazon. Love Amazon !
Loved these lamps, bought two for myself then two for relatives. The two I purchased just leaked some substance from the base so I pitched them.
Definitely not as bright as I was expecting. My fault I guess. Will have to order brighter ones.
Perfect night light brightness and size. One of the 6 failed after a few hours, the rest function well.
Package was beaten and battered! It was on my porch, but box was wet also. Hope none are damaged when I install
They wear out fast...
they don't last long
These are ok. Feel a bit cheap, and they made my LED bulbs flicker at MOST levels, which my old switches didn't. Replaced them back with the old ones and moved to incandescent bulb circuit, where they work better. Disappointed.
Easy to put together but it has a slight lean to it. It's much bigger then it appears in pics but I knew that b4 I bought it.
Exactly as described.
It looks ok. It does light up, however the directions say only turn on for a little time not to keep it on. It is plastic. However, detail is nice. It is nice to have. It would be ok for anyone over 6 to have.
Water flow was indistinguishable from the regular, adjustable outlet. I was able to direct water to more places with the adjustable ones, and create multi directional flows as well, whereas this outlet, while good, isn't that much better to justify the price.
I can't see there is any difference between this & a timer, maybe I'm not using it right
The range of unit is limited to 6-13 ft so make sure you have mounting location that will be in that range otherwise you may want to consider unit without front controls that you can place close to AC.
Not very bright enough. They do not work well for me.
Lights worked great for 2 months, now I have led banks going out on 1 light, one section is totally out and another section is blinking UPDATE: Ended up having 3 lights out of 4 go out partially. The company had no problem sending me 3 replacements, hopefully I have better luck. 75% failure rate is pretty bad, but maybe it was just a bad batch. I'd be really upset if I had to pay someone to install the replacement lights
The illuminated part itself serves its purpose and I'm happy with it. However, the legs are flimsy and easily crack on both ends when strong pressure it applied. I have it zip-tied to an iron hanging potted plant holders (see pic).
I had to make the pipe nipples my self which was a pain -- but it works
Love the look, the design goes perfect w my decor, but very thin & flimsy, like plastic 😕
not as expected would not suggest this one
Nice looking, looks great in my son's bathroom. It's a bit under-sized for what I was expecting. Bar is very thin, half the width of a nickel. Deep enough to hold a folded towel, but barely. Could have used an installation template for poking holes in the wall, but not so bad.
I voted low on the install, not because it was actually difficult, but I had to pull the copper up taller to get a connection. I don't feel as though one should have to modify a product to make it work. Other than that it works fine. I haven't paid attention the energy efficiency nor did I try and find the correct value. So I put three stars for those.
Very bright and perfect for our closet. Had a problem woth the first one and the seller sent a new one free of charge to make it right.
Did not work, but look good.
Fairly effective tool that can be attached to extension pole with screw threads, BUT very over-priced as it's only worth about $6.
I wish it came with its own screws because with the way they're shaped, it's tricky finding the right ones that will be the same in the wood after they go through the bracket. These require two different size screws.
Way too small! Adorable and well made though
This well-made lamp shine's its light over a WIDE area. In contrast, we were looking for an intense reading light for someone who has low vision. If you need a dimmable bright light to cover a large area, say a 3x4 foot table, this would be an excellent choice. If you want task lighting for a small area for reading, needlepoint, working with electronics or small mechanical items etc. continue looking. This lamp might work acceptably for those tasks if positioned within a foot of the work, but then it gets in the way. The lamp we are seeking could be positioned conveniently behind or to the side of the user, more of a spotlight than a floodlight.
Color is good but, it's shorter than expected. Otherwise, it's a decent buy.
Product came out nice, I originally only needed 2 for my kitchen. 1st one was great, 2nd was crooked & had to send it back for a return & order a 3rd one that was fine
The wheels on the lower rack in our dishwasher broke. So, we looked for replacements. the replacement part sold by Blue Stars fits well, was easy to pop onto the rack, but, is quite stiff. The rack does roll but stiffly. We are hoping it will improve with use.
Works as expected, not as heavy as advertised.
I have used it for 5 months. Now it has a weird voice, I hope it doesn't break.
My electrician refused to install these lights as-is: the wiring, canopy, mounting bracket are not US standard code, so I need to get replacements for all those things. Luckily, the pierced metal shade is the key element for my interest in these lights, and I will be able to re-use that in a to-code pendant light. Still, a little frustrating to have to re-purchase something already purchased.
Loved it so much I bought a second one as a gift, however the charger was defective so I sent it back. Really cool moon, though. Exterior surface is very realistic. Very light weight but also seems sturdy.
Lights do not work. Feels very cheaply constructed, fragile. One of the mesh filters barely fits, takes careful pressure on edge to get it to snap in. No charcoal filter included for recirculation installs. Very expensive direct from GE and hard to find from retailers. None available on Amazon. Airflow on fan very good, though I wish there was one more setting between medium and high. High is a big jump from medium in noise. Fan is offset and seems to provide more suction on left side. I typically use my right side burner due to my range's asymmetric design. Offers three install options. Recirculate, vent out top (rectangle), vent out top (circle), and vent out back (rectangle). Bought to later vent to outside so the options will help.
Top part of the light did not snap into the base of the light. Could not use it.
The white light is not very bright. all the other colors are pretty bright. If your looking for very bright white light from these led's these are not for you. I will keep them to use under our travel trailer.
I didn't care the soft white color. Returned
can't say too much about it.. arrived with glass lens broken and had to return
I love it except for the fact that it comes loose too easy for some reason. When I try to tighten it back up it won't go straight again and it leaks. Now I don't know how to fix it. I really don't want to replace it but I can't even hang the detachable shower head up anymore because it has to be completely sideways to stay tight
It is hard to change the sound/song.
Auto lock and remote unlock is great, but the ideal and main point of the lock which is to unlock automatically just having your phone near it, does Not work most of the time. It needs to reconnect most of the time. You can unlock it and reconnect from your car if it is close to your door.
I had a 5ft x 4ft canvas I wished to hang on my wall, and the eye-screws provided in this kit immediately bent under the weight of the the canvas. I was able to use some of the other hangers provided in the kit, so it was somewhat useful, but I would caution against using this with anything moderately large.
Item does work. Instructions are very poor. AM & PM is very confusing as it goes from 6 to 6 not 12 to 12 like the rest of the world. Would buy another brand next time.
Yes, Is easy to install, but the material on the angle is not stick together, I have to use clear tape to bond together, I guess use that kind price can't ask too much
1st one I opened was defective, bad thread. Another wasn't sized very well and a third was bent. Only gone through half of the pulls and 3 out of 12 were not usable. You get what you pay for, but still much cheaper than big box stores
U get what u pay calibration was easy though
Ok. Had a har time with wiring. Instructions are not very good. Programming is a pain
Yes, the measurements are not as stated in the headline.
I love the product, but hate the packaging, which today decided to leak after 6 months of small applications where half the tube was used overall. I decided to finally fold the tube to get the product out more easily where I'd before only pressed down on it... what a mistake! I wish Loctite sold 2 packs with 1 oz each, then folding wouldn't mean throwing so much product out when you're done, I mean I wouldn't mind the leaks if I was going to use all of it at once. For now I'll stick with silicone cartridges and a caulk gun.
The lights seen fine, if they're what you want. But don't buy them if you hope to use them with the Hue system.
These work OK but 1 of them did not seem to charge that great and the light sensors are overly sensitive so you have to make sure is nearly 100% dark before they kick in ( if they even get the slightest bit of light from a porch light they don't work). Also, they have a hard time getting enough juice in cloudy weather to run for long at night. All in all they aren't horrible but not a 5 star product in my eyes.
Good price, quick delivery. Easy installation! One unit had retaining screw pinching power wire under diffuser causing unit to blow up when powered up. Asked for replacement, they agreed, 3 months later have none and not replying to emails
I have been trying many E11 LED lights and this LED has been brighter than the others but no way close to a 100W halogen. The problem I have is they flicker at a rate that is not visible but have a strobe effect. the water in the sink flows funny, the ultrasonic brush looks like it moves real slow. It does give a headache after some time. It is not dimmable. The lakes version of the bulb seems to be the overall best performer for dimming, brightness and flicker free.
Package was terrible condition.
I thought it was better quality
When this really cool little lamp showed up I was so excited I could hardly friggen contain myself....then all the air went out of my beautiful balloon when the cute little sucker wouldn't come on. I tried everything dancing singing different light bulbs different plug ins but still a no go. Hopefully the kinks get fixed I would love to give it another go in the future and own a working one. Until we meet again my little steampunk!
It works, but it is much thinner than a good garden hose: therefore, any (accidental) item with some weight on it will block the flow (obviously) and it will automatically fill the internal container. One might consider a stronger garden hose.
It is a good product, but the instruction leaflet needs more clarification. Written for an engineer , needs to be simpler etc.
30 days into use on this product-once I can verify whether it prevents lime scale build up on my fixtures and shower door, I will be able to upgrade my rating to more stars. First rate tech support and easy to install but time will make for a final verdict.
Bumper pads for cabinet doors. Thin, doesn't seem to be a good value for the price.
The battery has a short life...only lasted about 10 hrs.
The stem is too short and makes it difficult to get where you need it. It is very soft, which is nice but its still not enough pressure for "special needs". It would be better for the average person, just for every day use.
I have antique floor lamps. This is only place I have been able to find the bulbs. However, I had to have them resent because the first order came broken due to insufficient protection in shipping. In other words they did not come bubble wrapped to protect the bulbs.
wasn't what I thought it was. its really just as easy to turn the unit without this.
I like the look!!! Have to touch it several times to turn on or off
good design. excessive small damages done in shipping due to lack of packing materials (and of course the constant disrespect of property by shipping companies). I would have returned if it were not for the fact that this is in my warehouse and cosmetics were not as important as they would be in a home
These were working fine when I installed them for about 3 weeks but now one of the plugs works when it feels like it. I would like a replacement unit since the one I have is defective.
How do you rate a protection plan if you haven't had to use it.
Good quality, but had a few fitment problems. 1) Would have preferred just a simple T. My tub is low and the compression ring fitting on the bottom of the T causes clearance problems with my PVC hookup on the floor.. 2)the chrome cosmetic ring for the floor is too small to cover the PVC hookup. Can't use it at all 3) the stamped drain had rough manufacturing edges that scratched my refinished tub.
The product is pretty easy to use and has many different slides. However after using the slides for an extended period of time, four hours a day for a week, the slides color and outline start to fade away. I guess this i caused by the internal light being too bright bleaching the slides but i dont know for sure. Good thing the device has multiple slides for similar holidays because it probably wont last a year before all the slides are destroyed.
Pros: Nice, bright light strip that has many colors and color changing modes. Cons: Doesn't stick very well.
3 broke had to replace; way over priced replacements!!
worked for me..but I am no expert!
all keyed alike,i didn't know that.and don't know if others buyers' key works on my locks?and poor package.
Good little hinge if you're making a jewelry box or other small item. Very small and very soft metal. Had to return to delicate for my needs.
They are plastic, modern but difficult to install. Had to modify the bracket to suit a standard connection
Does not motion detect through a storm window, only when storm door is opened.
This sink looks great in the pictures but has issues. It's slope is slight, so things take a lot of effort to get down the sink. Lots of water wasted to flush the sink out. The grate just traps stuff too and makes it hard to clean. On the good side it looks great. We have had this for about 3 months now.
Looked nice and well built but shower head wand would not fit. Only about 1/2” was being held. Returned.
Not very bright. I was expecting a stronger floodlight. We had to put this right next to the Christmas decoration, and even then it was dim.
There is never anything easy when you're working under a sink. The collar that attaches the disposal to the drain mount is awkward. You have to line up to small tabs through the collar and press it upward, keeping it inline while rotating the collar to lock. It takes a lot of strength and coordination. All the parts are plastic except the locking collar which is cheap galvanized steel. I've had two Kenmore disposals 3/4 and 1/2 HP before this one. I wish I would have went back with Kenmore. The noise level is fine except for the initial rotation that slaps the little rotating grinders against the inside frame of the disposal. Metal on metal ( Yikes! ). I only bought this one because the ratings were high ( 4.5 out of 5 ) with several thousand reviews. You get what you pay for ... I wouldn't buy this one again but for the money I will be happy with it until it breaks and then I will go back to Kenmore.
Details is very light
Smaller than I thought it would be
The lights work well and came in great shape but they're not wide enough to cover openings for the old can lights. Any suggestions?
I sent this back. The only reason I'm giving it a 3 is because Amazon is so amazing with returns! They make it so easy! I didn't like the wallpaper, not thick enuf & no texture. But I love Amazon!!
They look cute , but some of then don't look like a perfect T ,
Like others have said before. They are very dim, even with two bulbs in the same fixture. It's not enough light to fill a room. There is also a lot of connectivity issues when using the Home Kit app.
This works fine, but every few weeks, the device that I've set up on its app will disappear from the app and give an error when I try to use it, saying something like "Device not found." I have to delete it and re-add it each time, which is a pain because it's a time-consuming process and can only be done if I'm in the vicinity of the device, so if it fails when I'm away and trying to use it remotely, I can't use it.
I liked The smoothness when I rake the carpet. Very disappointed how after 3 or 4 strokes, the middle portion of the handle either disengages or comes apart altogether, frustrating us to no end. So after 3 strokes we must tighten the handle over and over again. However it is still the best rake I have bought, and I have tried several brands.
I used the roller covers to paint my kitchen. The roller itself worked fine, but the roller covers didn't hold as much paint as I expected. They worked okay, though. I would not re-use them; they are disposable. Not too bad.
This floodlight is OK. It works fine but it isn't as bright as the traditional bulb floodlight it replaced. And the light is a very harsh bluish white color which makes the backyard look like the surface of the moon.
They are suppose to be rated for 300 lbs each but the wheels splay out when supporting a baby grand... I can lift it so I know it is not over 300 lbs per leg....
Works pretty well when I can get it to take, complaint on it is it seems like it doesn't have a great range even though it boasts as much in all of the product description. By my testing, the best I can get is about 20 feet or at best 25 if I can get a good line of site on it, but overall it needs to be quite a bit more to be as functional as I want it to be. I've found a decent use for it in my living room but could definitely improve the range and I'd have more uses for it around the house rather than where I settled up with it at
Nice tarp. We use it to put tent on.
Uses a lot of battery, 4 pieces, what i've done open the lamp, run some wires to an old cell phone transformer plug into a outlet, just perfect. No more battery's to buy
Under-counter fixing nut missing. Please send missing part #7.
I wasn't really expecting much from this tarp since it was cheap. Its very thin and already had a couple holes in it. We put tape over the holes and still used it as a rain fly over our tent. It still kept us dry so it wasn't a total disappointment.
Not sure why it insist on knowing my location. Maybe China is spying. Requires way too many permissions
I did not receive any instructions on how to recharge it. There is simply no more light and I don't know how to unscrew the bottom and put in a new battery. What type of battery does it take...does it even need one, or is there supposed to be a USB charging cable connected? I never received a cable with the package.
We use these to place on our office conference chairs so the chairs will glide across the carpet. It is impossible to remove the backing from the slider. One would have to gingerly pierce the backing first and then tease the piercing until one can remove the backing. Other than this aggravation, the sliders work perfectly until one comes off.
I normally use Filtrete and they fit snugly, tried these on a friend's recommendation and there is a lot of play which probably means won't filter as well.
Looks good slight delay in motion sensor
These things work, Kind of. They really don't meet the standard for call quality, sound quality, range, or ease of set up. They re comfortable, but don't operate to the typical users satisfaction. If given a 2nd chance, I would choose differently.
works well, does the job
I gave these three stars because they worked great for 11 months. But all four that bought have failed in the past week.
The 4 “ dimension is only 3 5/8”
It's a little difficult to hand, but cute once you get it up. It is smaller than it appears in the pictures.
I took it down a few months after putting it up but I don't think I spaced them correctly on the wall. Considering trying again.
Haven't used yet so don't know if they will work for what I will be using them for.
Fits perfectly only issue the item came with a crack on it. Not noticeable when installed.
Worked but not as nice in real life as in the photos. Much like online dating.
Bought it less then 1 year ago, used 4 times before the tip sheared off. Poor material used on the punch tip.
Seems to work well. However, it was not a direct fit. I had to drill new holes so it could be mounted.
Two out of the green ones did not work at all
As advertised, but suction leaves something to be desired.
This combo worked fairly well, but the resulting joint was not as tight as I would have liked. One of the blades was off a little bit and that made the dado a bit wide.
This product shot out like a straight stream, instead of a cone, as I would have preferred. It foamed up some... let it sit, rinsed it away, and afterwards couldn't tell the difference. Using the fine bristle brush to remove dust build-up was the real magic. I don't know if this cleaner did anything else at all... perhaps it made the fins more efficient? Perhaps not. I'll never know, and probably won't buy a cleaner like this again anytime soon.
Sleek looking but not that bright!!
not good for my application
This product would be better if it had some darker colors. If you have really dark wood furniture, there is nothing dark enough. Black and darker brown would be better to have than green, blue and yellow.
Works great, no issues with the working ones. One of the four came with the inside gold clip broken off...
The instructions have little to be desired and so are the photos they use on Amazon.com. I knew going in I might have this issue as I read a review, but hoped they would have been updated based on comments. That answer is no. I'll report back once I have actually used them and include photos.
Correct part, but this is my third one. The plastic becomes brittle and comes apart clogging the filter
No diameter on screws...they were too small,but made adjustments.
I bought this fan after reading reviews here but it has been a great disappointment. It doesnt move much air at all compared to the Casablanca fans I have. The light kit is useless - barely any light.
the information in the instructions has important errors (such as the size of the drill bit you need) and 2 of the bolt caps didn't work. i like the finish product, but those errors added 1/2 a day on to the installation process. Disappointing.
It works but I don't think it worth $39. It should be at least $10 lower.
Got the wrong cable but kept anyway you never know
Flimsy bristles. It's okay for light dirt and some dust but not much more.
It is okay. I should have purchased a bit larger. 2 lights came broken. I'll give it 3 stars.
Did not come as a two pack, like description said. Individual. Received only one warning label. Product description said direct replacement or ballast bypass, wasn't clear to me. Had to rewire my fixture. More work than I wanted.
These would probably be great for light cords, but the adhesion is pretty poor for anything else. I tried to use these to hang a Cat 6 cable along the top portion of my living room and the adhesive came off around all the corners in less than 24 hours. It seemed to hold fine on any portions without any pressure on them from the cord, but this limits their use. You also need to take the time to apply all the adhesive strips to the hooks before even attaching to the wall. The backing on the strips are also hard to remove which can cause you to remove the strip from the clip. I would not recommenced for heavier duty cord management.
Average extension cord.
Little hard to use but worth the purchase
Be aware that this product does not include a shower rod. Advertisement not entirely clear. Fine for what it is -
These are for use IN DARK AREAS! I admit, I didn't pay enough attention to the description. The automatic mode works great in low light and dark areas but if there's any significant amount of light in the room they simply won't turn on automatically, and the switch is a bit too difficult to justify constantly turning these on and off. I tried to set these up in the corner of a room that could use a little more light, but these lights would never turn on because there were still ceiling lights in the room and it wasn't quite dark enough to trigger it. I found a good use for them next to the front door so when we enter the house at night it turns on and we don't trip over any pets that might come running to the door. That being said, if you have pets the battery life of these will probably not be as great as you might expect because they will trigger only at night... your mileage may vary.
Feels and looks cheap but does the job for now. Already blew an outlet adapter with it.
These things are too much money for something you need to buy.... I hate it when they stick it to you like this....
The lamp shade has to sit on top of the lightbulb; therefore, making it wobbly
My daughter loves it. I think that the motor is a bit loud compared to our original one. This does not have an auto shut off.
I like the lightbulbs, but they do not fit in the fixture I bought them for. There are minor inconsistencies with the bulb length which is why some fit and others didn't. Normally, this wouldn't be a problem... but in my case, a glass cover needed to fit over the lightbulb.
A lot flimsier than I cared for, but what are your options?
Does NOT reach 2nd story - Rinse does but the bleach/cleaning doesn't! I needed this to reach a recessed 2nd story over a garage and even getting up on a ladder - it still does not reach it. It does clean great what it can reach.
and just like originals the labeling does not stand up to the heat of the oven and shrinks and becomes unreadable will try another manufacture
Super bright and easy to use!! Perfect for our outdoor Christmas decorations. I love not having to use any electricity and it comes with many different flashing modes that are super fun! We used them in our little tree and to line our pathway. Product Update: After a few weeks the lights were shorting out, with zero damage that had been done to them. I'm guessing they are a little fragile. We still have them and plan to use them next year, I just thought it was important to note. I just messed with the wire a bit to get them on again.
It is a decent product. It can be found cheaper. Even on the sellers website it was $3.00 less, go figure. It came with wire nuts and a 500 watt halogen bulb as described. However although it was not advertised I did expect a bronze colored base plate to attach to the electrical box, none was provided. luckily I was replacing an old fixture and was able to use the existing plate which was a faded bronze color, otherwise I would have had to go out and purchase one at the local big box or hardware store defeating the purpose of trying to save time and money by buying online. Shop around.
not totally drill free and the quality is also not satisfactory
These LED light strips are pretty impressive for the money, especially compared to brands like Hue. However, this is a bit of the case of “You get what you pay for.” The TuyaSmart App works incredibly well and has no issue with pairing to your network, the lights are bright and color options work well, and they are somewhat easy to install. The downfall of these are the adhesive though. I used these to create accents on the top of my cabinets and they worked great, but under the cabinets or on the back of my TV they would not remain stuck. Small straps and screws are included, which worked for under the cabinet, but obviously isn't practical for the TV back. If the adhesive was better, I would give 5 stars.
I am using these light for accent lights. The look of the bump looks well built and installs quickly. These lights will flicker on the low setting on my under counter lights fixtures.
My only complaint is that it is really thick, about double that of all my other cooking twine. I bought it to use on a twine holder but the ball was too large and doesn't fit.
Seems to flicker more than Lutron dimmer.
I ordered 2 and they were packed loosely. One got damaged during shipping.
works ok for vertical surfaces, but works less great on horizontal surfaces. is also affected by heat (sunlight) i used it to attach lego mini-figs to my laptop monitor... i have to fix 1 fallen fig every 2 weeks.
Its not tall enough! Had to build up the concrete it sits on. It's heavy duty but I don't like having to use the key to open it. It needs to have a punch opener.
I don't know why, but this one leaked all over the place after about 9 months. Then we had the problem where water was coming out both the filtered section and the faucet section. It was annoying. Just went and bought a new one.
I bought four packs, 2 work great, the other 2 are shit.
I really like them even though the flame on the largest candle doesn't move. Even with this malfunction, it wasn't worth sending back so I just kept them since the other two (small and middle) flames move.
Be careful, the small allen screw that holds the light stripped after adjustment. The company should at least use stronger material screws.
Have had better legs. The holes between the rods did not accommodate power drills. Had to redrill the holes. The feet that were provided did not snap in place. Had to glue them.
You have to be super careful when operating these. I had at least 3 of mine collapse when I tried turning them in, but if it is stuck to something it won't be a problem. Very bright and small, I used these to light up the inside of my backpack
Looked great but does not perform as I would have imagined. The metal ring is too thick so debris catches on it and does not go in the basket. It must be removed by hand. It does keep the debris out of your drain which is good, and it is easy to empty but there will always be bit of stuff you will need to push over the ring into the basket or remove by hand.
That is a normal flashlight - nothing special. It is bright but based on the product description I was expecting much brighter flashlight. I'm disappointed.
the polarity was reversed on the red light does not say much for construction quality
Once I tightened the screws the release would get stuck and I would have to slam it to lock it open. Table isnt completely level. But it works. I wouldnt send it back, but I wont be buying a 2nd one.
The light is great, it's very bright with good range but the sensor is terrible, can't get it adjusted to pickup movement. Think it may be defective.
I love the looks of it but the sprayer leaks a little after you use it. It's frustrating. Something must be stuck or something
Didn't like the pieces for the numbers... Flimsy....
We received this product today and it is everything we expected. Unfortunately one of the keys is bent and I cannot find a way to contact the manufacturer to send us a replacement key. The safe is heavy and durable with thick walls. The inside is the size I expected. I like the straps that hook to the inside of the top you can place folded papers or envelopes underneath. I hope to never have a fire or flood but it looks like it would hold up well. The walls are much thicker than my other one and the seal is tight. 3 stars because of bent key and anticipated hassle.
Too big too heavy. Holder won't hold it up because of weight
It's fine . Cheesy compared to the original
Its broken and I haven't installed ...packaging is horrible
Don't use it much because for some reason it messes with my eyes.
Not great, but does the job. Squeaks with any movement. This is a replacement for the first damaged one.
It's exactly what it says it it for the cost. Nothing more nothing less.
They are plastic and had one break on installing.
product came dented, and chipped. appear to be low quality!!!
Nice bulbs but one burned out after 4 months tried to contact seller to see if warranted 5 days ago but no responce.
While we like the pipe decors...the included screws are too small. The heads are not large enough and the thread depth is not deep enough to go all the way through the drywall and anchor into a stud. Had to go out and buy new hardware to be able to mount these. Hence my less stars.
It's a very good lock, Definitely not in "New" condition as advertised, Box was beat up badly and was missing the blank key that was supposed to come with it...
Cool product but I honestly think youd need four of these to really get the effect it describes.
It looks realistic but peels at the seams which is a problem with my tall ceilings.
Left a lot of crap in the sink drain and wouldn't go very far into my bathtub drain. It did help improve the water flow through both drains but I would consider it to be a qualified success. There's still visible crap in both drains.
They barely glow in the dark. They have a slight glow, after being left out in the sun for the entire day,
They are not white. The first time I bought these they were white. This batch is light blue/gray. They do not release from the paper easily. Quality was better in the past than now.
Worked, but feels cheap.
Did not fit my 6 gal RV tank. I don't know why
I mean, they ended up working and they seem pretty sturdy but they don't fit any of my windows correctly so they look really janky.
These handle look great but unfortunately seem to be a little looser and noisier than the same brand and model that I bought at a big box store.
Working well so far. But this is second purchase of this type & they only lasted 6mos.
This is a good product. Everything that you need to install it is included. However, the wall mounted unit does not extend out far enough from the wall once it's mounted to give you the proper angle adjustment inside the shower. I installed this with a water filter so there's also not enough room to adjust the shower head to a comfortable level on the upper mount. Hopefully this helps you make your decision. I would not repurchase this product.
It's not really royal blue. It's blue but is close to turquoise. Many of the images on Google show an accurate shade. I was hoping it was actually royal blue. I'm going to try sail blue.
Light works well - very bright! The power button is lit (orange color) and works as a night light for my entire bedroom. I would prefer a much dimmer power switch!
Not good, it's not easy to turn off, Need some seconds turn it off
What I received after several weeks does not look like the image shown of what I ordered. But they seem like they will do the job. I only gave 3 stars because I just got them.
They are bright. And I would have really been happy except one of them was already blown when I got them.
sort of a novelty for a while, but the color is orange and they burned out in less than 60 days.
received a product today in what was an obvious returned item in a hacked up, shoddily taped up packaging. Fortunately everything was there that I needed to install but wouldn't order again from this seller.
This was so great for my son, but after a months use the vivid coloring has dimmed and it's hard to see the picture in a dark bedroom now. Son would like another one but I don't want to spend that money on another one that will do the same thing. I wouldn't recommend spending the money on this if you want it to last longer than a month.
I wish you could raise it higher and the dimmer moves too fast. It is bright and looks better than other lights I've used the size just wasn't what I was expecting.
The only reason I'm giving few stars is because I never got to use it. It came on time but was packed poorly, I opened the unpadded envelop it was sent in, the box looked fine but the inhaler was broken into a million pieces. Customer service was awesome, I received a refund with no return because it was unsafe to ship broken glass. However they did recommend a place I could buy one locally, so I will try that. I'm sure it's a good product with good reviews.
Beware, the lights are very dim. I do not recommend them for path lighting.
Did not produce very much light and did not stick well.
the shower head is a little too big. I wish we had the extender to go with it.
nothing special. its a gauge it works. simple as that.
It didn't work out for my doors.
it's picture wire it works heavy weight
Several stopped working after 3 months and are in full sun daily
Not enough water came out and dripped.
Not very sturdy material, my dog's head bent one when he ran into it.
Many of the salt crystals are white. I had hoped to receive more of the Himalayan colored crystals for my bowl. This doesn't quite do the trick for me. I'm not as pleased with this lamp as I would like to be. The first person who admires it can have it.
Not bad but they came rolled and I had to flatten them before hanging them. Wish I got them framed.
This is a noisy garment to wear. The tassels slap against the pouch of the Sporran. I have some hope that the leather will soften into silence with wear.
The remote works fine from a about 10 feet. I was thinking I would be able to step outside when i wanted the lights on in various spots in my yard to go on. Instead I have to walk around the yard and light them one by one. Otherwise, they are pretty nice lights and I am reasonably pleased with the product.
First, this heat tape is designed for metal pipe. Even though it says plastic pipe, I am a little worried about plastic pipe. My worry? If the thermostat fails in the "on" position, the factory could not tell me how hot the heat tape would get. I am concerned that it may get hot enough to melt the plastic pipe. So, major concern. In talking to the factory, they have self-regulating tape, but it gets too hot and its twice as much. I am just looking for a heat tape that will get to about 80 degree and is 15 feet long and NOT pay a fortune for it.
You can not hear the dog barking. Very faint.
Very complicated setup. Lots of small pieces that you have to hold in place and upward until you can get the last nut screwed into place. Gravity is working against you whenever you need to change a light bulb. It was a frustrating event for me.
Needs internet connection to work. I wanted it to reset my modem but that didn't work. Once the modem was down it could not start back up.
Lights installed in my new addition and working great with the dimmer switch, Now I see a different light cover on the floor, will need to add a tab of clear silicon to each cover to keep it in place
This lamp was easy to assemble, had good brightness, but the split in the neck occurs halfway down, which means that the shades/bulbs extend out quite far. It, because of that deep extension into the room, did not fit well in our space. Would be a beautiful lamp for a larger room!
TOO SHORT AND DIM FOR USE AS BED LAMP
Loved the lights they're very bright I only give it three stars because I got six lights and one didn't work
Keeps items from falling into disposal but tends to float some when draining the sink.
I guess I will see when I try to strip my new wall paper
I have yet to install this because it did not come with the ceramic wire nuts as stated and I've had to search for them locally (and could not find). I've since placed a second order for the wire nuts and now I wait for those :(
One of the cans doesn't have an external cap. Don't know if I can open it without this cap. Can someone send me a replacement cap?
I would never buy a kit that doesn't include replacement bolts, washers, and gaskets. many better options out there than this.
These are decent lights, but they do look a little cheap. The clear glass shades look nice, but they obviously don't act as shades at all. We have low wattage Edison bulbs in the fixtures and I still see spots in my peripheral vision after I leave the room. It is impossible to mount these lights to the wall without them looking crooked because of the way the hinged arm mounts to the base.
Did not quite fit so I had to modify it. After modification if looked a ton better than the naked pipe work.
Jill the replacement order has not been delivered yet to take place of the 5 that did not work.
We bought 2 of these and one was fine, the other defective. The one that works fine was easy to install, works great and moves a lot of air. Having some issue getting a replacement fan sent for the defective one but it seems it might be communication issues getting it taken care of. Would of been nice if they had just replaced it from the beginning instead of making us play 20 emails. Will revisit this review when its all resolved.
Bought these to put in outdoor pool patio lights. Only half of them flickered correctly. The others were just a solid yellow light which was disappointing. The ones that worked were acceptable as far as brightness of flicker. Not sure i would spend the money to purchase again though.
Pretty but not solid. They are very light and feel hollow.
Turns out it does work. But you got Squeeze the handle while are you pumping the pedal Several times before it actually works. Ps I received it in damaged condition one wheel lock was twisted and one handle holder was crushed.
This worked absolutely perfect for a month or so and I absolutely loved it unfortunately it snapped of and broke and now it's not a prime item so I didn't want to order again and wait for shipping i think it it was metal instead of plastic inside it would be perfect
I installed in the area that I rarely used or walk by. I just walked by last week & one of the light did not turn on. I just checked it today & it is the "Motion Problem". It's 90 days warantee. Need quality control. Recommend to Buy the "Square Trade" Warranty !!!
Ive had better...but its ok. Not as many modes as they say but whatever...it works just dont expect a spa
Bought 2 returned one because the edges we sharp on the lid. they're inexpensive and not bad for the price. just give it a good once over before you use it and make sure it's safe.
I bought daylight white but they sent me warm white. Pretty disappointed but I don't feel like sending them back. Haven't tried them yet.
It wasn't what i expected
These lights are attractive and put out light in more directions than the other two brands I have tried. And they seem to to pick up movement in a wider area...making them perfect for long walkways...like a carport. The bad news is I have had problems with 2 out of 3 of these in six months of use. One stopped working at all and one no longer detects motion...but just comes on when it gets dark. Resetting the button did not fix. The third one still seems to work fine. So...be sure to buy the 4 year buyer protection plan.
Easy to put together, not too cheap, not too sturdy.
The product is fully adjustable for different size doors and can be made to fit well. The mounting bracket cracked WAY too easy when mounting to the door and the cross bars intended to protect the window or screen do the job ok, but I would have preferred more strength and rigidity to them - light weight protection.
Fancy light that my wife wanted in our bathroom. It looks nice but it weighs a lot so make sure that your ceiling box is sturdy. I would have given it 4 or 5 stars but it took over an hour to assemble it. The few directions that came with it were worthless and I am sure that it will be nearly impossible to clean.
The aluminum is weak. Mine broke after 6 months
Works great but is a bit bulky.
Never got sprayer to work
The lock is good enough. Easy to install. The problem is the neat connect. It doesn't work. I even called tech support. They were nice enough, but in the end the lock won't connect to the nest am so the entire reason I bought it (to have remote control of the lock) is worthless. Will have to return.
Everything looks fine,but I did not get the ebook. I contacted Amazon and the seller, but haven't heard back, yet
was a good value batteries they came with were all dead but they work well.
Overall a very nice lamp, however both the base and my iPhone XS heated up more than I would expect when using the wireless charging feature. I've been using the Yootech wireless charging dock for sometime now with no heat issues, so am wondering if there is an issue with the wireless charging system in this lamp.
Pretty expensive considering there is no key That can restrict access
not a very clear image
About one out.of 5 screws broke off before going through thin 11 gauge mild steel. Not happy with the stainless steel in.this batch at all.
I would not purchase again. As much as I wanted this to work it's just not strong enough. It's a great idea but it's an accident waiting to happen.
Very beautiful but ruins your wall
This is a bright LED light fixture for small closet applications, the motion sensor works great and it's easy to install. However, the 2 small nuts that hold the light to the mounting plate come in contact with the circuit board that holds the LED's and associated circuitry. Therefore you can't screw the nuts all the way tight without risking cracking the circuit board. It still works, but its not completely flush to the mounting plate. Lithonia should have better design.
The product is fine, but the company's delivery is questionable. I ordered 2 when it showed 2 in stock. Several days later, it showed 6 in stock and I ordered 2 more. I received one, and after calling Amazon, was told the second will be shipped when they are back in stock. Yet I'm also told the second order I placed will be delivered tomorrow! Seems if they were restocked, my original order should have been filled first?
The screen quality was good but there was a clear line throughout the whole roll that seems to have come from the machine that rolled up the screen to package it in the tube. I had to try not use those parts of the screen but the line was about 12-14 inches from the edge. It's hard to see in the picture but it's there and it shows up when looked at from different angles.
have to replace these every few months it seems I think I am on my 4th or 5th one. luckily they are not hard to replace
Great for a while.... Bought 2 for the brand new light fixtures outside my front door. 1 failed in less than a year while the other is going strong. Kind of expensive for 50% early failure rate.
Worked okay first time set up but now two way talking doesn't seem to be working.
They're okay but the light swath could be much wider. A little disappointed.
Mostly my light is on.
Ah so .. this would be a 5 star review if there had been all the parts included. There was no stakes to stand them in the ground included with my item. I love them, one has not succeeded in lighting up yet but I'll give it time. I made my own stakes out of old dollar tree garden decor, and that seems to work ok, but it was super disappointing to open the box to find parts missing. And if I wasn't crafty, it would have been a waste of money.
The inside spray nozzle leaks other wise works fine
I love this product. I just wish they had more options. I was not able to complete my kitchen due to the restrictions of one switch per outlet. A lot of the lights in the new homes are built to allow owners to cut lights on and off at several switches.
Used it in bathroom. Ok on the light produced.
I love the way these lights look - they are happy and bright... perfect for outdoor use. But they burnout SUPER quick! As I was putting them up 3 of them burned out and a fourth looks like it is on the verge. They come with one extra bulb. You will use it soon! Otherwise though, for the price not a bad set particularly... just wish they were more durable.
Software for the Mac is not that great, and the iOS software is just OK. The camera is glitchy, and the records to the micro sd card are terrible. Some days have corrupt videos and some just won't play. I've also had days where no video was recorded. Have to periodically restart the camera and reformat the card. I still use the camera, but I won't ever get another one. If and when I upgrade to cameras all around the house, it'll be with a different, and much more reliable brand.
It's long and easy to move around.
I bought this Brinks door knob because of the price. I installed it and it works fine. It looks nice too. It's not very smooth though. You can almost feel the metal rubbing against the latch inside when you turn it. It does look fairly well made so hopefully it will last many years. Next time I think I would spend a little more money and get a better knob
Do not like the pins that comes with it . Not durable, bend easly
not exactly user friendly
They stick out from the wall significantly more than the standard, mainly due to hard corners whereas the classic has more of a bevel
Have not installed yet due to weather, but expect them to work greatly.
Works great BUT in order to turn it off, hopefully you have smaller hands otherwise you'll b squeezing your hands between the shade to turn it off
They do their job well, but make sure you have enough room in the area you are putting it, it is larger than a normal light bulb! Still worked out well!
Admittedly I should have looked a little closer because these magnets actually hold VERY different weights when used "horizontally" vs "vertically." Unfortunately, we mainly want it for horizontal use for our purses in the office and these aren't strong enough. We've had to find some different spots to get these set up. Wish they had put this detail a little bit more upfront - make sure you read the details closely!
Just installed a filter and found that the size is not 14' but actually 13.5" so that it barely stays inside the frame of the ceiling intake. I had to hold it in place and close up the ceiling intake grid so it wouldn't fall out. Won't buy them again. On the plus side, they are well made and do the job.
Very nice, until my wreath blew down, hook and all
It's a beautiful piece, but when I used the coiled bulbs that are more energy efficient than traditional bulbs the lamp acted up and did not work very well. Even now it sometimes does not respond very well, as far as going through the 3 different lighting levels but not turning off which is my intent. It has done this several times, and when I just leave it for a bit, then it will just eventually flash and go out.... not exactly the functional quality i desire.
Had issues pairing with wink hub. In order to turn them on you have to adjust the brightness. Ended up replacing with Phillips hue bulbs
Very nice looking and easy to install. However, the plastic bits that fit onto the valves will wear out after continual use. Good for the money and a temporary fix but not sustainable for long term.
Debris built up on wedge and the gutters flooded
It does slow down or even stop the lid from closing for half the travel, but the last 45 degrees do not provide enough resistance, no matter how much you tighten the setting. The resistance past 45 degrees is great, but I would prefer it was consistent through the entire travel. Also, the instructions are only a simple diagram. A picture would have been more helpful to show the orientation and an example of how best used. It also appears to be only used for overhead lids, not for lids on boxes.
I love these lights. I bought 3 sets of 2. Still love but one has ceased working. I passed the return period by a few days. I do not seek a new set. But feel one replacement lamp top would be appropriate.
The pre-drilled holes did not line up to the windows I had. Had to drill new hole to match hole in window. But easy to drill and works fine after install.
I ordered it but it didn't come at all and it has been late for 5 days!!! Had to cancel it!!! Don't want to be mean so I put three stars
Much thinner metal than expected 😒
These are ok. They feel kind of cheap, but that doesn't mean they are. My key sometimes is difficult to put in the lock. Otherwise, they look great and I've actually gotten compliments on them! Haha!
Good gun for the Price! Not as good as the other brands but it does the job done!
Didn't last long before failure. We've had two of them fail already in about two years of use. The brightness is good. Just wish they didn't fail as fast as our standard BR30 bulbs used to for the cost.
Purchased the faucet ... when I opened the package to install it, the lock nut for the drain wasn't in the package even though the instructions said it was included. Amazon replaced the item and when it arrived THE SAME PIECE WAS MISSING. I double checked the instructions and it clearly said it was a part that was included. Once is unlucky but twice ... I'd rather just use another brand. Update: The manufacturer contacted me and advised the instructions indicate the missing part but it is not actually needed and they haven't updated the instructions. I revised my review to 3 stars since they advise me of the issue, but they really should update the instructions, even if all they do is put a notice sheet in the box.
Smaller than expected but makes for a fun night light
Are these reviews real? Easy to cook in? What are you talking about...this is a faucet, and a lousy one at that. Easy to install, but the photos are incredibly misleading. You need at least 2-3 inches of clearance behind the facuet to put the handle all the way back. Had to install it offset to compensate. Operation is cumbersome, although maybe it's common with these types of designs that make them a pain to rotate freely and reset back into the holder. The 360 degree rotation could be true but good luck not pulling a muscle trying to move it. Could loosen up in time but not going to struggle with it find out. Finish is nice and appears well built, but the functionality is questionable.
It was difference from what I have.
Product doesn't match image but works much better than American Standard design.
The two halves did not attached together well. I had to put small bolts and nut on the corners. This made it stronger. It is best to have the stronger pet screen. I have two siberian husky.
I was shower with it duh but we couldn't get it right or stable and the included washers didn't make sense and wouldn't stay in place. It's just kinda dangling by a thread now
I have been using all types of LED lightbulbs for about 10 years now and in general I haven't been impressed by the longevity. I bought seven of these bulbs just a little over 2 years ago and one of them died pretty much days after the 2 year warranty expired.
Color is fine but the product is so watery.
The piece is of good quality brass and works well so far, but the chrome piece on the right that holds, and supplies water to the sprayer is too short and the hose connection conflicts with the cover plate. I roughed in this piece with the copper pipe almost flush with the face of the stud and its still came up too short to fit the hose connection outside the plate. the wall build up is (1/2" wonder board and 5/8" tile and thinset). had to notch the bottom of the cover plate to make it work. the piece needs to be 1" longer to work and properly rough in the wall. also there is a set screw on the bottom of holder piece. This really should be on the side between the two devices so it can be tightened after the tile is completed had to partially tighten then turn 1/4 turn counter clock wise into place for the holder to be in the upright position so it could possibly come out if pulled on.
I purchased these bulbs as a gift for someone who lives in another state. As far as I know they are good. Delivery was great.
Bought 10 bulbs a year ago and already had one failure. Couldn't find a website to get replacement information. Also, box has no replacement information. Not sure warranty has any value.
Smaller than they appear in the picture.
It seems to filter the bath water somewhat. We have really chlorinated water and it's dries out the skin badly, so we tried this. Skin is less dry, so it's doing something but it's not a cure all. It's very awkward, ours doesn't sit close to the faucet as in the pic.
Quality of sound is good but too confusing on how to use it. To change channels and not hold settings.
Light is very bright when you are close to the light but it dims considerably 30 ft away. It does no project the light very far. As far as the quality of construction, it is very well made.
3 Stars. The fully charged battery lasts about 1 hour.
As others have said works fine on low and medium brightness but on brightest it actually gets dimmer! So I returned it!
Well, it's a light fixture with built in LEDs and it works. However, it is probably not any brighter than the single LED bulb that I replaced with it. Certainly oversold on the brightness. The 3 direction and adjustable "wings" are maybe an advantage over a single bulb, but the value is not there for the cost of the unit.
Hard to see the numbers on it.
I loved, loved, loved your lamp, however, these bulbs are not as bright as the fifteen watt they claim to be. I am using them but was disappointed as the bulb that came with the lamp was brighter. It was also bigger. The pack of twelve were distinctly smaller and dimmer.
We purchased this tape for glow in the dark dodge ball at our high school. It worked well but when it came to removing it from the high school floor, it was near to impossible! We had to get putty knives and it took an hour to remove. Would not use this again!
The part that goes into the tile is HUGE! I expected it to be a lot smaller that the shelf, but it's not. I wish I could return it but passed the return date.
These were pretty easy to set up and easily integrate with my Amazon Echos. However, every one of them randomly turns off as if there's a momentary short or something. I'll be watching TV sometimes for hours sometimes for a few minutes then the power will suddenly cut out before immediately coming back on. Even when I'm not actively using the things plugged up to them, I can hear them clicking on and off periodically. I never have an issue turning them on or off when I want to, but it's really annoying having them randomly turn off when I didn't turn them off. I'd mostly recommend these for functions that don't require them to remain on for extended periods of time.
It won't work in our apartment. The instructions are very unclear and it doesn't tell you what wires go where.
Beautiful but is SO LOUD it will wake you up from the other room when someone goes to use it. I never knew sound was an issue to consider with faucets
Used this on grass at the park for a kickball game. It's very light and I had to go over the lines multiple times to be able to see it, so I used more can than expected. It's great that it's not permanent since we are at a community park and can be easily wiped away.
Was attempting to get the bulb out of packaging and the glass globe came off in my hand. Packaging is so tight in order to get bulb out you have to tear the package apart. Don't waste your time, at this price I just lost $5.00 due to a bulb coming apart in the package.
Poor quality control from the factory. Ordered three lights and two of the three lights had quality issues from the factory. One light came with a chipped plastic cover. Thankfully, it was on the top of the cover so not visible when installed. The other light had quality control issues with the end cap fastener not being attached to the lamp base. Had to dig in the box to find it. On the positive side, the lamps are lightweight and easy to install.
Beautiful but I can't get it flushed with wall.
Was very pleasantly surprised at how heavy and sturdy this faucet is. I chose this faucet for the soft edges to lessen the chance of injury for my grandchildren. I wasn't prepared for the water to not mix before coming out so the hot stays on the hot side and cold stays on the cold side. This is a bit sketchy when trying to run additional water while in the bath or when children are in the tub. The faucet metal is actually hot to the touch on the hot side when trying to run warm water. It is beautiful and feels very well made. Maybe just a bad design.
Too big...I ordered the wrong ones. They are a little clunky.
Love the size but it's already scratched and it doesn't drain real good. I have to push the watch to the drain.
These bulbs are not good for night lights that are activated in darkness which is the reason I bought them. This is mentioned in their title, not in small letters under properties.
It's an effective light that has a cool feature of 3 modes On, Off, or motion sensor (10 seconds). It's bright at first and works well but my review is more negative. First off this is solely for in a closed cabinet or closet. If you plan on using the light in an open space be careful. The motion sensor is super sensitive and will go off even if you're across the room. This is fine other than the fact this thing blows thru batteries. The light doesn't last because the batteries are worn out way too quickly. The light is effective but I'd only buy for under a cabinet or closed closet. If it's going in any open space understand the batteries wont last (3 AA batteries).
The wheels make the rack functional, but they do not actually roll. Easy to install, but not smooth rolling.
Beautiful design and color. Contractor installed it and we love the Motion-Sense aspect. Unfortunately, the faucet has started dripping. Slow drip, but it's a constant drip.
Shipping didn't care for this package at all.
This item didn't feel as durable and seem cheaply made. The picture looks nicer than in person
Was not the right size it didn't work
It's big, bulky, and cheaply made, but there is not much out there. So, it's ok
Install was easy but nice labeling of "Made in P.R.O.C."....you realize that people will shy away if you slap "Made in China" on the label so you figure the majority of Americans are too stupid/lazy to google to know that PROC stands for People's Republic of China. Well played
Be aware that although this is a GE part, it's not an exact replacement, but is "compatible". Because it doesn't use simple spikes, it's not as flexible as far as how you can load dishes as the original one. But, the vinyl coating on the wire is thicker, so it may last longer. Also, save you old wide rollers (or buy new ones), as the rollers with this rack are narrow, and tend to fall between the tracks. So you'll want to replace the narrow rollers with wide ones.
You can only give the plug on name, so both sockets come on when you tell Alexa to turn it on instead of reading each separately.
I purchased this set of 4 in March. Now one does not work. The other 3 are fine. How do I get a replacement for the one item not working? Please advise.
Too thick, the doors won't shut with these on.
The effect is enchanting but these strings are incredibly difficult to work with as the wire catches on just about everything including itself. Should be illegal to sell this as coiled in the box. Spent hours untangling the 4 strings I ordered. Totally not worth it. Charge more and put it on a spool or spindle, please!
just need some some spares they work
it does clean up the cement. but it does not clean off the rust.
I only gave this item a 3-star rating because I haven't had to use it to see if it works as advertised. Cost was reasonable
Nightlight not very bright.
I got some and made a new foot for my PC and used 3 pieces of it to make what I needed and it's been 24 hours since I put it on and the middle is still kinda soft but isn't sticky.
Very confusing on using this product
They keep loosing time, causing the lights to come on later than expected.
I bought these to put under my cabinets to have light in the evening and after bed. I've had several different types of batteries in this product and so far they all died around the same speed. The remote is extremely cheap and the buttons are weird to push. They still have a bright light however but they are definitely built for occasional use.
I bought this to use primarily as an energy usage monitor (and occasionally for remote on/off). The Kasa (iOS) app does not let you reset the hrs used (even if you delete, reset everything) It also does not let you enter in your electricity rate to calculate cost. Please add these features!
The bulb works well in the closet, however of the two I ordered one was crushed and the other was bent. This was in a larger order box, and they were clearly packed that way as opposed to damaged while shipping. Even with a bent base, one works, making this an odd mix of lower quality metal and durable construction. The working bulb has been functional in the kid's closet, sparing us the family stress of asking him to turn the lights on and off.
Arrived w/ scratches on the finish, ID stickers, when removed had marred the finish; But f/ the money, it is a solid MDF made product. Overall a "nice" product, and fuctional.
You can use strong force to move the block bit by bit and finally open the door.
You have to be right next to the box with the remote for it to work.
These are about 1/4" too big. I was able to force it in as a replacement, but I fear getting it back out. It's just not quite teh perfect replacement as advertised, so be aware of that.
I love the way these light up. The only problem I have is one of them did not work when they arrived. I have attempted several times to contact the company to see if I can just send it back and get it replaced. But can't get anyone to answer. I hate the idea I have to disassemble everything to send them back just because one isn't working.
Didnt fix samsung dryer problem
Loved the simple design. Matched my command center very well. Dry erase residue gets left behind. At first i thought it was the marker it came with. So went out and bought some better quality markers. Didn't change things. If the writing if left on the board for more than a day. You need windex to remove.
The light is bright and easy to install. I've got one big flaw that I hate and its how the switch is in the middle of the cord. Its just weird that its not next to the light or attached to it. Id give this 5/5 if it was but the switch being where it is makes it so if this one breaks I won't be buying it again and probably won't even shop for this brand.
These shelf brackets are sturdy and heavy duty, which is very nice. My biggest complaint is that they came in extremely dirty and smell of brass instrument cleaner. It took a long time to get them to be mostly clean, but they'll still leave marks on your hands if you touch them. These brackets are supposed to emulate grunge, not actually be it..
I'm so disappointed. The battery life on these is way too short. We put them in the candle holder (2 sets) for Thanksgiving, and they're already dead. All of them..... While perhaps they lasted longer for others, the battery life is too little for what you get. We never got to actually use them. Great idea and they look better than others that are similar but the battery issue is a downer. I spent a long time choosing these. reading description after description, plus I needed a smaller size. If you only want these for a very short time, they do look better than most. However, if you want to turn the switch on for remote use, but not activate the lights prior to your event, instead of waiting until the last minute, they might be dead by the time you go to turn them on with the remote. Certain things can't wait to the very last minute.
They look nice, are very light weight, and put out a fair amount of light. I was hoping to be able to hard wire this after reading the answer to this question in the questions section. Mine just arrived today, and I quickly took off the housing to see how it was wired. The power cord is directly soldered to a small circuit board. I would not mess with removing that and soldering a normal electrical wire to this. So, for me the answer is no, this cannot be directly hard wired.
I got this for a bedside lamp and clock combination. It works for that, but the switch on this thing is flaky. Sometimes it works and sometimes I have to unplug it and plug it in again to turn the lamp off. Additionally, it has a USB port that I can plug my phone into to recharge, but if I turn the light on high, it stops charging the phone. The light from the clock itself is very bright, and there's no way to dim it. As a desk lamp/clock, it would work fine, but as a bedside lamp and clock, not so much.
Much smaller than I thought, very disappointed. Make sure you read the fine print.
They look like aftermarket . Could of been more stylish.
Hard to get it to shine on what I am working on clearly for some reason.
I like the chrome, it's smaller than I expected.
I made these work but for what I needed but wasn't able to put the cord through. I ended up wrapping around.
No sound and the software was hard to manage.
Lamps are nice. I just don't like how the bulb makes the shades beige. Tried different bulbs.
Not as sturdy as I would like, feel a bit insecure when I mount it. The steps are narrow and it doesn't fold as easily as it should.
Works good like said to in instructions
As is so common with these dimmers, it isn't truly LED ready. Does not dim to zero unless you keep one halogen bulb on the line.
I'm a bit disappointed. Threaded pieces are hard to install; I filed down one of them to assemble it without cross-threading it. You cannot make a foot-long threaded tube, saw cut it into 1-inch long pieces, and expect them to thread well. You must chamfer the edges. Made in China, what do you expect? But don't blame the Chinese, blame the cheap company making them there and not training proper machining methods, or cheaping out on it because they don't care about quality. Also, this came from CA to OH in its original packaging, nothing else, which I don't think was built for that kind of travel/shipping. The styrofoam packaging is pretty thin, and there was damage to the ceramic around the bulb mounting point. I do not think it is a functional issue, but I super glued it back together anyway just in case. Hopefully it holds up to the heat of the lamp. I saw no mention to not touch the bulb with bare hands, which is a big no-no with halogen bulbs. Fortunately I already knew that.
Directions are rediculously small.
Really nice chargers. Very very cheap tassels. They do not at all look as nice and leathery as they do in the pictures. Very cheap fabric that creases.
Looks beautiful but have to pump it a few times before it works every time
light is fine, wish the height was adjustable
I was expecting a lot from this privacy window film, but did not work well on our north facing window. I found out to my dismay that it won't function properly unless there is significant amount of very bright sunlight outside. We have had only a couple sunny days since we installed this film, and it did work great then, but for the rest of the time it was awful. On partly cloudy days, the film becomes reflective from the inside. When we turn the lights on inside, we are overwhelmed by the visual chaos because we see all the reflections of everything inside the room superimposed on the shadowy images on the outside. It's really disappointing. I'm looking forward to the few months of the year when we get enough intense sunlight so I can open the curtains and enjoy the beautiful view outside my window.
I really like this one but I see a tear on this cushion seat from normal use. I don't know for how long it's going to last.
I needed ten lights to upgrade my kitchen lighting. When one didn't work, I had to buy ten more lights to finish the job.
not as dark as i was expecting. It's just a bit darker than raw tung oil, so there is no really need to get that version at all. Mix with stain to darken the wood instead.
not as big as expected
After a couple of months I'm still not sure I taste enough of a difference.
I like the two settings of brightness
The package arrived in great condition. However , it's longer than the description says . I don't want to deal with returning, so I'll just keep them and still look for a replacement.
Good material, although you have you fold up your earbud cables quite bit to fit in here.
I use this as a bather for my babies. It is super easy to install. And for a while it worked beautifully. But after about two months the trigger that adjusts the flow started becoming very hard to move. Now I can only manage a small stream from it. The durability is just not there.
Returned, beautiful lights but be warned these as SMALL.
looks good.. but drips.. I don't know if it's the way it's built or what but it is irritating...
showed rust within 2 weeks of being installed outside. Otherwise ok.
It is not a bad product, it just lacks a lot of time and development to be a good one. The installation was relatively easy, also the process of integrating it with alexa ... but the product goes offline very frequently and the response time between a command and the signal is long. hope to see a firmware upgrade soon.
I was expecting the bright cool, bluish-white light I have always gotten with these bulbs. I was disappointed to find that the light is quite warm-yellow. Not what I wanted.
I think the bulb would have worked if it did not come broken.
ordered for my inlaws, not what they expected, but made it work. Great transaction and service.
very difficult definitely a project!!
DO NOT BUY if you are stringing 2 or more sets together. They send 1 less blue, and so you cannot have an even pattern. To me it looks really bad and embarrassing.
The product is really good, however the shipping was very poor. Waited almost 2 weeks. Never got them, so cancelled and went to Hone Depot and paid less than Amazon wanted.
Product was shipped without the hardware. Big factor in selection of product. Contacted Amazon and the rep stated they would credit cost of hardware - never happened.
This item is not UL listed.
I'm seeing many Chinese products that work long enough to get a good review and then fail later, sometimes within their warranty period, sometimes not.
This has great reviews but I didn't have that much luck. Mine leaked. I removed and installed again a couple times to make sure but still leaked. Also, the ON/OFF pause button didn't work that great, it also leaked while off, leaked a lot. I LOVE the stretchy hose, too bad I have to return the item.
Great for keeping my autistic son contained. Unfortunately one of the buttons doesn't function properly. I needed up having one odd door combo. Annoying but works with the other numbers. After contacting the seller they suggested contacting the manufacturer. The seller did respond promptly though
When it connects well to the network it works great, but it's hard to connect it to a network with a dual band system both with 2.4 GHz band and a 5 GHz band. Make sure to know what your network has before buying.
It is easy to install.
I can't get it to work but I don't have continuous internet. So I is my fault.
The lights were too bright for the effect I was trying to achieve with them. They were a bright white. But they did work and they were easy to put up. The listing says outdoor, but the instructions seem to indicate maybe not.
I definitely like this head BUT I noticed some rust appear on the shower head itself and I've only had it for 2 months or less. Anyway, for the price its not bad.
The garage door opener was fine. It did not come with a clip to hang it in the car.. I'm using a zip tie to hold it up. I even looked to buy one...not on amazon....
Nice, but what is not said is that you need the in wall valve which is not included and can only be purchased at a whole seller for a lot of money. Better to buy a whole kit that includes all of the parts necessary to replace a shower faucet.
It works fine but sometimes it lost connection to home app. Don't expect to get any support as I sent an email to ask how to get the firmware update to the customer support but no response.
Thought they where motion. whoops
Purchased as a replacement for a Culligan water filter. Well packaged and quick shipping. The Aquacrest filter fit right into the Culligan mounting bracket but has some water leaking past the o-rings. Not a great amount, but a slow, steady drip of water. Maybe I'll try to replace the o-rings with a bit thicker ones.
Works pretty well. Expected the water pressure to come out a little stronger. Seems like the water kinda gets backed up at the top.
IT all fit properly and worked
It is an okay product. Doesn't really compare to wired lighting at all. I didn't feel it gave off much light. Some are already weak in lighting. The idea was good, but I rather have wired lighting. They are good for accent look, but not for bright light.
One needs to pay attention to the "slim fit" detail.
So far so good but the remote stopped working after 20 clicks. No option in the mobile app to request an exchange for just the remote.
comes loose fairly easy and has to be put back.. good for indoors.
Love the fan. Have installed 2 others just like it and it's super easy. Problem is, Amazon sent this product and it was clearly used. Someone had cut the wires in the product and they were crimped.
kind of expensive for what you get... it worked
The lenses are a bit weak and brittle but it works. The are good shop lights.
Temperature and pressure valve failed, leaking immediately. Had to replace otherwise good product. I have several.
Works good. It's a little tipsy. Purchased another one for my husband and like that one better . But this is really good for price
Wish I would have snapped a few photos...Shipping was fast and flawless but package had a leak, even with the clips they put on the can...would have returned but needed to get the job done due to weather circumstances.
i love how many color options there are with the app. The main reason I bought these was for the music connection and you can only connect music through apple music which stinks:/
Wallpaper is very pretty. However, hard to install and white of wallpaper is thin and can see inner wallpaper of old home through it. Can only install on flat white wall for best result.
They were slightly too roomy for my Ikea metal chairs, they come off when we move the chairs. They are alright for the money and slide pretty well.
looks great but cheap
Update; after mounting the fixture it seems to work better. It doesn't work great though. You don't just touch it on and touch it off. It's more like touch it, touch it, touch it on and touch it, touch it, touch it off. It's not as bright under they cabinet as it seemed it was going tobe before i mounted it. I'm going to raise it from two stars to three. Giving it a two star rite now because it isn't mounted. I plugged it in when it arrived. I touched it and it's good and bright exactly what people want. I touched it again and again and again and it won't turn off. I unplugged it ti turn it off. Plugged it in again. Touched it and it came on good and bright. Touched it again, again, again and again and it never turned off. Hoping once I get it mounted it will work!
Great light untill they failed. 1st one at 7 months, 2nd failed at 10 months.
We would have given 5 stars for installation if we had all the parts. The screws that attach the globe to the base were missing.
Not a solid light, feels flimsy and not very strong beam
These are SIDE MOUNT, not bottom
Would have been perfect except a light was already burned out... with the holidays being so hectic we didn't get it returned in time.
they are alittle warmer than i expected. still very pleasant. perfect for our art studio space
Don't work well when they have water or ice covering the sensor.
Well first, one died after a few weeks. Thought maybe it was the battery, but nope. New batteries, no change. Besides that, it's now July and I've only changed the battery one since October. AA Batteries not included Second it's not actually motion activated as indicated in comparison chart. But it's fine for it's purpose: detects lack of light for activation (attached under bathroom cabinets about 2in off ground). Actually the reason why I bought it. It's AMBER light doesn't blind me at night while in the bathroom. Lastly, the included stickies. Doesn't actually tell you which one is applied to the product and which one is used to mount onto the wall.
this is for outside lights, the timer 2 4 6 hour was incorrect ran longer, the on position did not work, works some times
Easy to install, had to chip away some wood from the door for corners (replaced rounded style) with screwdrivers and a hammer.
Worked for a short time,got not quite 3 months use.Should of lasted longer. Customer service contacted me and sent another light.The light worked at first then 1 bulb stopped or burned out.Just contacted cs again.Will update again.Still waiting on replacement to be sent?
Magnets are far apart, leaving openings between them. Seems kinda lightweight compared to screens I've had previously. For now, it is better than no screen at all, but will be keeping my eyes open for something better.
The range was not as good as the one that came with the original doorbell.
Burned out tonight after almost 4 years. Started flickering, and then about an hour later, stopped lighting at all.
the doors were so tilted that they have to be shaved. Otherwise the hinges worked perfectly.
They have good light and function well except two burned out the first night I used them, so it was really a 4-pack instead of a 6-pack
The adhesive isn't good at all, but the lights are still cool.
Double sided tape did not work, had to use my own. Other then that works fine.
Did take several layers of paint off when we peeled it off less than a year later. Tried sanding but you can still tell where it was under the fresh paint.
Easy to use, needs additional adhesive for firm grip.
It doesn't stay up on it's own. I nailed up the Velcro and it's a bit better. Great concept if it worked better.
they need to be re-charged quite often. Works well otherwise.
Would be nice to have instructions on how to use it. There are features I have yet to figure out.
This is the second time I bought these lights. I bought them earlier in the year and the first set has already stopped working. I love their brightness but just disappointed in the length of time the lasted.
Good product once you get it setup. The setup was pretty difficult. You have to delete your old lock setup with home kit and within the Schlage app too and basically start all over as if your lock was new too. Would give it more stars if setup were less tedious. I do love that I can be out and about and get notified if my front door was unlocked.
So I'll start by saying that the safe functions great and seems very sturdy and the biometric feature was simple to set up. I'm taking a star away for the instructions for instillation not being very clear And I'm also taking a star because the provided screws need to be screwed into some sturdy wood. I tried placing them on studs but it seems they were only long enough to go through the dry wall and as soon as I placed a gun inside it fell off the wall leaving 4 holes behind.
Standard light bulb. Arrived safely, quickly and very well packaged.
The light is so white it almost looks fluorescent. I prefer a more natural yellowish light. They look and feel a little cheap. You get what you pay for - they're alright. I paid more for nicer ones.
Very tiny; smaller than described. Had to return.
Pads will only work if the foot of the chair leg is flat. Ours had rounded glides attached to the bottom of the leg and therefore the pads didn't work. The seller was easy to work with and very cooperative. Good item just didn't work on our furniture.
It fits and works as a replacement. But whereas my original lasted about 11 years, this replacement already needs replacing again after about 4 years. The problem is, the skirt on it, where the bottom edge of the skirt meets the bowl, is not as tight fitting and collects dirt. It is already discolored to the point where I feel like the ick factor warrants replacement. The valley between the 2 parts of the cover also has 2 ridges from the molding process. The original did not. These ridges collect dirt and make it harder to clean as well.
I haven't open the lock yet with them. Maybe I just haven't figured it out
They were good until one light broke and the whole strand stopped working.
I bought this one the advice of a plumber friend. I believe that it works and I had no problems using the product. I learned after that the problem was much bigger than anything Thrift could do....
This solar light worked perfectly until last week ... it has not turned on since.
Nice mix of clear/iridescent and ivory glass on the shade. Unfortunately the base and spindle are both an unattractive medium brown that doesn't even match the shade, which is black lead with a dark bronze center. I had to refinish the base before installing the light.
Kinda works when it wants to, otherwise bright
Where is the adhesive on these sliders??. We used them but think they could have been made better.
Ok so I bought 2 of these for my master bathroom renovation. The first time that I installed these was easy and pretty straightforward. So I thought anyway, both of them started leaking into the brand new vanity and after 4 or 5 times of removing and reinstalling they still leaked. Apparently the bottom seal just won't seal properly around the threads of the tailpipe so I ended up using plumbers putty around the tail piece and then putting the gasket and nut on to stop the leaks. After searching online about the problem, the only thing I could find was that this does happen sometimes with drains but nothing about it being a defect of some sort. The bottom gasket is supposed to work but in some cases it doesn't and that's when you have to use the plumbers putty on the threads. I just find it odd that I bought 2 of them and they both leaked.
I bought this as a fun addition to my teen's room. It's fun as a decoration type thing, but I think it's really better suited as a dance party disco ball. It's somewhat blinding to look at directly, so it's not ideal for a non-party situation, but my son still likes it. It's quite small but very bright (see the attached picture for scale). The light pattern is a bit repetitious on its own, but when it is music mode, it does sync with the beat and is a lot of fun.
Purchased this last year in a 60 ft length to use on our RV pipes. Never really ever seemed to get hot enough to help much, and we had below freezing temperatures many nights. Will be searching for a better quality, as I just cut this one up and threw it in the garbage this spring!
its not verygood quality
My mistake, this is tiny and not as weighty as I wanted
Did not work for me, but seems like a good product.
I did like the design. However, I returned the lamp for two reasons: 1) It was unstable and wobbled and 2), The socket was attached at a slight angle to a flat piece and that caused the shade to be crooked.
They look very cute, but we're not the same size. The downside was the metal clip to hold a lightbulb broke quickly.
It did a pretty good job on preventing paint bleeding where I could get the tape to adhere. The problem is the tape didn't really want to stick to all that much.
Nice looking product at a reasonable price. Slight manufacturing defect where the hot water threaded inlet not 100% perpendicular to base. This caused the unit to not sit perfectly flat on the plastic base. The main issue is water turbulence noise. It seems that something internal to the faucet causes the faucet to be unusually noisy when the water is turned on. Removing the aerator had no effect on the noise. Their previous faucet was very quiet and I did not change the supply lines.
it has more fume and irritated my skin more than bleach. next time i will use bleach.
Doesn't come with a reliable way to attach to chimney. Screws alone (provided) not very secure. Wish I'd known before buying.
It was pretty and tea great. One problem did not arrive expeditiously.
Doesn't hold water so hard to give much of a review other than an expensive piece of crap
They feel flimsy. Not heavy and sturdy like the ones you see in the stores. But once installed they look fine.
Very difficult to connect to wifi the first time. Once connected, it worked well.
It didn't fit quite properly and dust can get out from around the edges
nice light very short battery life and is useless without the bridge
It easy to install, but after one month the light for the water temperature stop working it was a waste of money
Loved the look and price of these lamps but when they arrived I was somewhat disappointed. The shade does not sit straight on the lamp. Sadly had to return.
The picture of these lights is somewhat deceiving. The actual light source is very small and the entire face is just a reflective surface. In the picture it appears that the face of this thing is a cover for the light, it's not. On the other hand the motion sensor works very well, exactly how I needed it to work. I not returning them they still provide the light source. These are perfect for lighting a pathway or steps but not so much for a room.
It did not work in half the outlets in Italy.
It's ok - had to return as it didn't fit my bottle - didn't have any problems with it.
The kit is almost what you need for the nintendo switch except it has no long handled tweezers and that is a must when working on the small circuit boards and electrical ribbons. If looking for a set for your nintendo pass this one up and get one with tweezers
The quality is not top-notch but otherwise it functions well. It is pretty bright. It was very easy for my husband to install as well.
haven't used it. let you know what I Think when I do
Take a while to get used to it. Use it dry for better results. All and all delivers what is promises
This was easy to install and set up, but the amount of information in the reports was a disappointment. It reports the time and duration of the most recent cycle, and the number of cycles per day. I'd like to also see the off time between cycles, and the pump motor power draw (since it claims to be monitoring it). Ideally, the info would be available for download as a .csv file. Then again, I'm a data-hungry engineer.
Product worked well, but did not have enough paint. I ended up using some stain I had on hand to finish my door. It came out great!
This was never delivered to me. I have re-ordered
really nice lamp....but was delivered all dented. Tried to get it out...but the material of the shade won't allow me to.
Loved the look but doesn't work by touch very hard to make work
Easy to install but doesn't hold sometimes
The little packets are fine but the little triangle indicator which tells you when to replace them is not included.
We have only installed three as of now. They work but could be brighter considering they require 3 batteries. They also do not stick to anything as advertised. I put one on a painted wall in my bathroom. It fell of in about 5 mins. Had the same experience when I tried to attach it to a mirror. The glue on the magnet piece is just not strong enough and is very thin.
Arrived on time but the 25w light bulb was broken. The box the lamp was in was basically loose inside the larger box it came in from amazon.
connectors are for small landscape wire only (16 gauge) - NOT the thicker 12 gauge, they will not illuminate!
Install is difficult because it is hard to align holes. I think they should re-engineer with a better way to fasten lights to decking.
the screen was too long and keeps coming unglued from my door frame
They are not as bright as I expected but am satisfied enough.
I tested this product in a small container, depth of a lawn mower gas tank. Item worked but the priming was a little iffy. Flow would go from weak to ok and back to weak. I think it needs quite a volume to prime and work properly.
Got this as a gift and it's really beautiful, unfortunately the light bulb blew out and it's been hard to find a replacement :(
We ordered this item and no instructions were included. Is there a way to receive them via email?
These filters is okay. Water is smelly for at least a week. After that all good
The glue that makes these lights adhesive is very weak. I hung these lights in a straight line behind my tv to provide some ambiance. Less than 6 hours after installing, they were hanging off the wall and needed to be held up by tape. I ended up super gluing these into place and wish I had not paid the "extra" to buy lights that were "self-adhesive". You are better off buying lights without glue on the back and installing yourself. Flexible is also a misleading description for this item. I wrapped these lights behind my tv in straight lines with "rounded corners" so I didn't cut the strips. The moment you try to hang these lights any way besides straight (i.e. corners) you WILL HAVE TO USE SUPER GLUE. They do bend but if you aren't holding it in place then they go back to their natural state - straight. The remote control works well but the lights shows are not as customizable as the description made me believe. If you want to have the lights change color, it just cycles all the color values. You cannot have it just cycle between blue and white or something like that. I don't think these are actually capable of doing any colors besides those pre-installed on the remote. Trying to use the RGB +/- buttons to tweak the colors does not appear to do anything. These are super bright! Only aspect of this item that warrants more than 3 stars.
it is very heavy and durable which I like but the back box portion is not deep enough, to accommodate the outlet portion, I had to cut half the back off for it to fit properly.
The cover broke during installation. I bit loud in the quiet of the night
This does serve its purpose, but as it's for reading in bed and most likely due to someone else being in bed this is super bright. I would think it should be duller so you don't wake the person next to you as that is the purpose. Should have known better since it's LED bulbs.
Didn't cut in as well as expected.
The thing is there is a gap that I was not expecting. I thought it would be a snug fit which I was using on a double gate to help reduce the sway in the wind. I am back to the old 2x4 across the gate.
It has a chip in it. and I didn't realize it till it was out of the packaging and box thrown out.
Six months in and the water pressure is still great with this product. Sometimes maybe too good. There is no way to adjust the water pressure at all. So you have to just live with it. Which is not that bad of a situation. But I do wish there was some way to adjust the pressure at times. Also it leaks just a little bit. Just to be clear, when I turn what I assume is the adjustment knob, nothing changes.
This stopped working when we changed systems.
Cute little trinket light. Not really something for display or to use for reading. It would be nice outside on a patio.
These are great for an area where they aren't being bumped into. They work great & look great, but are easily knocked off the base
Was cracked somewhere prior to delivery.
We loved the look but were disappointed it came with the wrong parts. My husband had to make shift something for it to hang properly.
its OKAY JUST WISH WHEN IT SHUT OFF THE ONLY POWER CORD WOULD SHUT DOWN!
The on/off switch doesn't work.
Hoping for a non-polarized outlet to be compatible with Christmas lights, but is not. A bit of grinding on one post and it works. Used ONLY on Christmas lights.
Difficult to screw on. Does not hold light fixture securely.
it's kind of complicated to put up but when it's done then it works fine i guess.. not much that could go wrong with it.
Did not work very well for me. Have to redo did not stick well
It's a great price, but the sprayer is hard to get back in place, the hot cold settings can be a little goofy. I burned myself several times after I selected warm water. It can get water all over the floor. You get what you pay for, but it's 3 times less than the ones at Lowes
Works well, had to purchase extra parts separately to get it installed, not great water pressure.
Very cool but did not last very long
I purchased four of them and two of them failed in the matter of month. One started leaking water and another one ripped at the ear flap where it attached to the chain.
Not sure it's a five star produce. I got it to use for my sewing machine.
Made very cheep but ok for kids. The on off switch is made into the plastic part that holds Pikachu. Kids love it!
I must not have read the description well because I did not realize that it takes a specific bulb that I cannot find in store. Although very cute just not what I was expecting.
Never was able to get the right color. Although the button works fine.
Good value for how much you get for the price the stickiness was not that great I had to work with it
I thought it would be really flat. But it's chuncky.
I thought this looked SO cool! I'm still rather enamored with it's classy lines and looks. However, I'm tired of how noisy it is, and plan on replacing it as soon as possible, even though it will take forever to wear out.
Including a wiring schematic would only make sense.
3 stars because they are nice slide locks but aren't long enough for my door. Would have to install on the door frame. So I don't think they fit any door 😆
I bought the blue lamp and hoping to get the same design reflection on the wall as advertised. Sadly that's not the case.
This is exactly what I was looking for - I have a travel TSA padlock that is too small for a gym locker. So I ordered this. Woah - I pretty much locked myself out at the gym because I didn't realize how difficult it would be to see the numbers - black numbers against a silver, reflective surface! It took me several minutes and a few failed attempts. The lights in the locker room bounce off the silver background, making it very difficult to see. I would love the lock and give it 5 stars if they had white numbers on a dark background. My TSA lock is that and the numbers are considerably smaller but I can read them without any problems. I don't wear glasses (except readers), so it's not that so much as the reflective surface. Other than this, the lock is as advertised: sturdy and easy to set.
Not a good fit for my window but okay.
It gives a really foggy look. After weeks of letting it dry, if you touch it, it will get on you. If you happen to accidentally scratch with your nail, you can see the marks in the front. I was not impressed with it.
Worked great for a few months, but then lost stickiness.
Great lights. But the tape sucks.
Not happy with these. The do not give me the light I really needed for my back yard area.
I'm not sure yet how well it works. I"ve been weeks trying to install it. Hanging it was not very difficult, but wiring it so that it accounts for the safety features is maddening! I work on it for an hour and think about it for a few day before going back and trying something else. I've watched Youtube videos, studied the manual, tested and tried and as of this date I still have no functioning garage door opener. I wish I'd paid the extra money and had overhead door come and replace the broken one. Alas, I'm committed now. Surely, I'll eventually figure it out. Oh, and I'm pretty handy. I have replaced the circuit board in our dishwasher, the element in the dryer and the water dispenser in the fridge. Yesterday I installed a new wifi thermostat.
Doesn't really do the trick
could not figure out how to attach the wires
unfortunately, it was sitting on a table on my covered deck and the wind caught just the charging top only and blew it off. It was very lightweight but the charging lid broke on the landing on the ground.
Not the overall size I was expecting. Also, cannot be integrated into your hardwired lighting. Must be plugged in. Would not recommend for a main light fixture in a room. Would look cheap.
First off, now that I have the 12 I need that all work I can say that they are very nice. The first set was ordered by my girlfriend just to see if we would like them. After 2 days, I ordered 2 more sets to complete the front of the house. The night I ordered the other sets, 3 out of the 4 originals just started blinking after they were on for about a minute. Amazon very quickly replaced the original set and those where fine. The day after the replacement set arrived, my 2 sets came in. It was 2 4-packs. Out of the 8 candles, 2 would not work at all. Again, Amazon offered a refund or replacement and I opted for the replacement since the others seemed ok. So far so good but they are not heavy duty in any wa. Another recommendation is to clean your window before applying the suction cups or they have a hard time sticking. I have 100 yr old windows so the waviness of the pane may contribute as well. I hope they hold up.
All plastic. Its works well but doesnt last long. I really like the 2 spray patterns and would buy another if it was metal. Out of the 2 I bought one broke at the threads of the faucet and the other broke at the ball pivot.
very quiet but not enough power to cool down
Good replacement filters for my washer.
These hardware kits are always great, this time for some reason the small clamp with 4 tiny Allen screws that connects the 2 rails together was missing three screws, and I had to deliver and install for a customer that morning 3 hours away! So I had to go borrow the Allen screws off a family members hardware kit OFF there wall! I'm expecting industrial to send replace them
Great for behind the fridge filtering. Metal strap needed to attached to wall.
I had some small furniture products I needed a clean cutting saw for and this one was recommended by a couple of woodworking websites. It took a little getting used to the pull action as opposed to the push cut like on an American saw, but I can say that it does cut quicker and more smoothly once you get the hang of it. The edges are much less rough at the end of the cut too. I docked one star because the saw is a little too flexible for harder woods, but it still is a great saw.
I got this solar ground light to put in my garden. I think having a garden that have lights along the pathway is very nice, it makes the garden beautiful. I decided to test these and they work well. The brightness of the lights is just right for my garden, it is easy to install and gets solar power easily too
Compact container and many sizes.. Perfect for camping!! Thank you!
It was what I needed at a good price.
Good tight fit, well made. Come in handy for several uses especially wall wart adapters.
Looks great, gave it a 4 no instructions for pulley and light.
Absolutely wonderful need to get 3 more
I am disabled from terminal cancer, and pretty much doomed to live out the remainder of my days under home hospice and laid up on my comfortable couch. My large den is mostly lit by the neon signs I've purchased to adorn my man cave, with other lamps near the walls that sit on end tables and such. But I needed one light to hang over the arm of my couch with remote operation to give my immediate area some brightness at a touch, whether it be for reading or whatever. The lamp came in a deceptively small, but stout box. It assembled in moments, and was no problem to twist its light so that it hung directly over my shoulder and gave me the light I was needing. Its plenty bright to read by, or construct models, or whatever I can imagine I'd need. And the ability to adjust the light from a warm glow to a cool white is a nice touch. If I had any complaint, it would be the remote. Where still smaller than most other remotes I own, I don't think it warrants the need for five presets and AA batteries (not included). It's just a minor gripe that I thought I'd add on an otherwise perfect fit for what I was needing. A smaller remote that used AAA batteries and a smaller inventory of face buttons just seems much more feasible for such a simple device. For example, there is a button for "breastfeeding" that is indicated by the picture of a milk bottle. Ummm... okay then. But at any rate, great product! Keep in mind, I've only had it for only three days or so, so I cannot speak on item longevity.
The timer does what it's supposed to do. It's too soon to know if it saves me any money. There was a small bit of confusion in the wiring diagrams supplied : the main manual indicates that Terminals 1 and 3 need to be connected by a jumper wire and also Terminals 2 and 5. However, in the small enclosed package that has the jumper wires is a sheet that shows Terminals 1 and 5 to be connected and also Terminals 2 and 3. The problem is the supplied jumper wires are too short and those latter connections are impossible to make. It's a little confusing that there are two different jumper connection shown in the paperwork with the product. I went with the one that the wires were long enough to actually work with. In practice I suspect it doesn't matter. Beyond that confusion, the rest of the install was straight forward. Programming is pretty easy, the display however is rather small and you have to look at it closely. Doubling the size of the LCD would be nice ! The buttons were not as smooth as they could be. Sometimes a light press resulted in nothing happening and it was necessary to press rather firmly to get the display to change as expected. But once the setup is done, these don't have to be touched again unless the program needs to be altered. It is very easy to bring the water heater on out of cycle by just pushing the large button that is accessible without opening the timer door. It then stays on until the next programmed off cycle or until a user pushes the button again. I'll have to gather a few months of data to see how much I save by using this timer
Installation was simple and functionality is exactly as described. Would recommend for LED lights.
Received this product fast! Next day with regular shipping. It works well and was priced right! I'll definitely order it again when I need it.
I think is very nice gun , for the money is good ! I have used contractors gun from graco and feel just like it . Plus extra filters. Great deal.r
Light came intact and safe but one of the two lights wasnt working. Oak leaf has great customer service and sent two new ones to me within the week. The lights are very pretty and add a great accent, they do feel a bit fragile though.
Awesome lock good outside in desert weather. The numbers dont unlock in the center and if its dark kind of a pain. But will buy another
Anything made by Gorilla is great...this is no different. I used it to secure loose exterior faucet to brick....works like a champ.
Worked well and met my beeds for a replacement bell
These were easy to install and seem to be of decent quality. The finish looks good with all my different door styles and colors. I really wanted all my doors to be keyed alike, and this set provided that option. In fact, each set came with four keys, so I have plenty of spares.
Love the blue color! Not super bright but ok. So far all 8 of 8 work, have survived the rainstorms. Easy to install but I did not use the fasteners, I used stainless screws.
I brought one for me to secure a door n then l brought one for my mother to secure her door n she like the barking dog sound
Worked perfectly and was very easy to install. Keeps you from hitting the wall or other car. I hope it lasts as it seems rather flimsy.
I use this as a replacement water filter for my built in kitchenaid refrigerator. Installation is easy and this fits perfectly into the water filter slot in the bottom of my fridge. You need to run the water for a bit to get the bubbles out of the system and the water will be cloudy with bubbles until this happens. Usually I need to run it for about 10-15 minutes before it clears up and the water is then very clear. I have been using this brand for years and never had any problems with leaking and the water always tastes fresh and clean. Hope that helps you decide what to buy.
I purchased these lights to show steps on my patio for a grad party. Don't want visitors to trip and fall. Not proper use I know but great last minute solution to potential problem.
Works great! As a realtor I'm giving a flag with this light to ALL my clients!
I got this because my husband always leaves the closet door open. Our closet is in the bathroom so I don't want humidity in there and decided to buy this. My only issue is that it doesn't actually close the door to the point of latching. It does keep it closed, just not all the way.
Right size, very sturdy. My only complaint is that the included anchors and screws were not enough for all the brackets in the package. I was only sent enough for two brackets. So if you buy these planning to use more than two of the brackets, you'll need to get more anchors and screws separately.
Good quality, easy to install but not exactly as pictured. Looks droopy. Is this correct ? Can it be adjusted ? See picture.
Bulbs seem very good, but WOW are they ever bright. Too bright for wher we bought them for but believe they will work in Garage.
A nice inexpensive kit for drilling small holes.
This product has been great so far. The instructions were very easy to follow and the set had everything I needed to change out my old thermostat. I was intimidated by having to go into my furnace panel and change some wires, but the kit that was provided as well as the directions made it quite easy. The interface is friendly and easy to use. Great thermostat for the price, and the Alexa integration is convenient.
They were a little smaller than I thought they would be, but they are very bright and I love that you can set the motion detector and or dusk till Dawn sensor. Good product for a pretty good price.
It is fine, I wish the color had been alittle different green to have better matched the toilet
Its a nice compact size for my sump tank with Protein Skimmer in it. And being all plastic except for the stainless screw to adjust the float level.. However it arrived with the float broken off... I was surprised even though I had read the same thing had happened off someone else reviewing it. Amazon was quick to replace it...So it does work..Just hoping it doesn't break and flood my house with water since it maintains my Sump Tank water level...
This safe is exactly what I needed in regards to space-saving size, overall height and functionality. The fingerprint reader is good! I tried several fingers NOT loaded into the database and none could open it. Adding additional fingerprint access is easy. It was easy to attach to floor or wall and the hardware was included. I REALLY wish the power unit was behind the door/behind the fingerprint scanner (would be a 5-star review). You can't see this in the photos, however, or I might have kept shopping. The battery power supply is separate and uses a single plug into the bottom of the scanner. I leave mine plugged in, but it has come loose and fallen a few times. When I plug it back in there are two very loud "BEEP" sounds that I cannot eliminate or silence, which is a problem early in the AM when I'm the only one up.
Good for Halloween and Christmas. Can't wait to set it up for Halloween. It comes with different projection pic for Christmas and Halloween. Easy install. It has timer settings. You can use it either indoor or outdoor. It plays music too. The only thing I don't like is when you turn it on, it plays Christmas song on a Halloween projection and there is no music downloaded for Halloween. The projection should have been scattered instead of showing one at a time. Not bad for Halloween though.
Everything was fine just had to buy the line and connector to hold the shower head. But it works fantastic now I have all the parts.
they work fine, will see for how long
This fan is MUCH quieter than the contractor grade fan installed when our house was built. It was easy to install and its instructions were clear. It's not as silent as I had hoped but it is really good. My only regret is that I did not replace the contractor fan earlier.
Nice looking lock Not hard to install Some of the crews are hard to screw in on the sides
Worked as specified!
Works well and is compatible with the Alexa app. No problems controlling through both my 2nd and 3rd generation Echo Dots.
Great for recessed or track lighting Dimmable LED White to Color. Doesn't produce Green and Cyan well but other colors are good. These also come in PAR models also (with pins on bulbs) For table lamps I recommend the A19 Hue models for a natural look.
This is a great way to clean up the laundry room, I installed it and as its not secured on top it did flex out a bit at the top, but I just anchored it. Also the shoe horn to fish the dryer pipe through is not really effective, it just seemed to elongate the dryer pipe as it put pressure the pipe would flex and not fit the hole. I just used my fingers. But the finish is great and the product is sturdy and durable. Removing the existing 90 on my dryer vent really improved drying, and allowed me to clean the dryer vent pretty easy.
Works well on my stove when I broke the knob is a little jit smaller then I thought. But it does the same thing the original did so it works out
I would prefer an electronic light sensor adjustment, so I could custom set the light level it operates on, since it activates when its still light. Can't fault it otherwise, and certainly good value for money.
Great quality for the price. They arrived pretty quickly and in great condition. They were wrapped very securely and kept separated from each other. They look very nice under light.
They only sent 11 out of 12 brackets and the first package was lost. Being said they look beautiful fairly easy to put up just time consuming.
The top flap with the lock keeps the interior dry so people can drop of checks without me chasing them down to collect rents.
Use on my Porter Cable heat gun to concentrate the flow of air. Works great!
Used this item to remove acrylic, water-based paint from plastic models. It removed the paint very nicely (with some help from an old toothbrush) with only a quick 5-minute soak, and evaporated afterward making cleanup a breeze! It's great stuff for this purpose and the price isn't too bad for the amount you get. The only downside to this is it's a bit picky about stripping other types of paint, particularly if that paint has been sitting for a very long time (wouldn't work on 9+ year old paint).
2 reasons for 4 star first is it's too white. That might sound silly but it's even whiter than the face plate it comes with it so white it's extremely noticeable. Second it's really loud it ticks like an old dang clock.
Works good, I should have paid attention to the size, had to drill it out to fit my hose.
The installation of the weather-stripping is fairly straightforward. It takes a bit of strength but once you get the hang of it goes pretty well. I used the plastic screen installation tool. Getting the old weather-stripping out of the track is somewhat tedious, putting the new weather-stripping is "fun".
Packaging, instructions, finish, etc., are all good. Stream is fairly narrow.
Just received my 7 - 8 inch salt lamp. Arrived well packaged and in perfect condition. With the light on, it makes a nice accent piece day and night. Not sure if it's going to make me feel better and all that. Might end up being just a fad like pet rocks. But the light makes it look nice, and the dimmer works very well to adjust light level.
I really like this Light! My daughter has it hanging from the ceiling in the corner of her room and it looks awesome! I couldn't figure out the music part so that why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5
Camps down hard so may damage your book during use, but as long as you don't mind that it works great.
Convenient to be able to have multiple replacements on hand at a much more reasonable price. Water seems to taste as good when compared to the LG brand filters I used previously.
Not quite as bright as I'd like but I do enjoy them
The only complaint I have is that it doesn't have the ability to operate the switch twice and go from motion sensor to on and then back to motion sensor again. Other than that, I'm very happy. Installed it on my second story back deck and it lights up my 1/4 acre yard when turned on.
Works good reasonable price. Battery back up and wall plug in
Excellent product for the price
Very good quality, works good, just wish the water came out stronger
I love the looks of these lamps, they are a gorgeous teal blue crackled glass. I took a star off because our “like new” warehouse deal lamps came in a battered box and dented lamp shades. They are on the backside so we decided to keep the lamps instead of dealing with the hassle of sending them back and waiting the 1-4 weeks for new ones to be sent.
Direct fit. No issues. Got the dryer back to drying in 30 minutes
Great set for running cables.
Thought it was a bit longer most likely my misread. Other than that still works and gets the job done.
It works pretty well, but, does require a perfectly flat surface to be mounted on. Would be nice if it came with an option to help (like some sort of adhesive mounting option). We opted for this because our shower head has a 1 in. diameter base, and it holds onto it just fine.
Have never a lock where I could set my own combination number. How perfect. Kids will always know which makes it great for school. Took a bit to figure out how to set but all you have to do is read carefully and look at pics. Nice size and easy to use. A four star because I think they could be easily smashed with a hammer or object. Maybe a plastic of sorts. Just wouldn't use for something expensive to lock up. Perfect for school lockers and especially kids who have problems remembering the combination.
I have four of them and really like them
Positive: Patched a long rip in our screen, and stuck very well. No issues with insects getting in, as tear is thoroughly sealed. Negative: Looks like you put a piece of tape over the hole in your screen. Is slightly opaque, not see-through like the screen itself.
I bought the RGB+WW units to install in the steps of my composite deck. They were very easy to install and look great. They are very bright and have held up to the weather quite nicely. I have them dimmed down as low as possible, and they are still a little bit too bright for the steps, but they do the job and look really good. It would be nice if they made a model specifically designed just for steps that would angle the LED light field down instead of straight out. It would also be nice to see the finish available in a darker version, like bronze.
Works like a champ at about 150 ft from my house, direct line of sight. Could be sealed up better, which is the reason for 4 stars. But, works well and I have not had any false alarms yet. Worth the money over other competitors at a higher price point.
I purchased this Dec 2016. The outdoor part rings hit or miss since Jan 2019 and now despite a new battery, it is dead. I have to buy it again because I have it stuck to a sheltered door and do not want to pry it off and put on something with a different footprint.
Tested this unit at the same time as a 4 gas detector and for the cost this unit is more than acceptable. I have had no issues with the unit.
Only received one bulb, not two as pictured. Received bulb was damaged, but seems to still get the job done. Didn't realize until too late that I should've received two. No big deal. Great product, love using the balls for massage.
Skin and hair feels so good. Amazon never disappoints in its customer service.
It set up pretty easily
the seller of this product is true to their word, it is what they say it is. Simple but Great.
It worked and was easy to operate.
Works good most of the time, but as with all things with suction cups, they don't last more than a year or so at best.
Good--Much brighter than the incandescent microwave lights Meh--flickers slightly on low and doesn't actually turn off. Not a big deal we use it as a night light for the kitchen.
i got this for just extend the wifi. and it does good job.
The bulbs work great but are the super bright color
Work fine shipping was as much as item
Used these for my chickens. Worked perfectly
The setting procedure is easy. Seem sturdy and work very well.
This set works well for me. It is not as sturdy as some I looked at, but it is as sturdy as I need for it to be. It was a great buy for the price!
Worked pretty darn good, pleasantly surprised.
no need to get under the edge of the toilet.
This is a beautiful tile design. As other reviewers noted, the graphics line up pretty well ONLY when you pay attention and lay them out first before sticking them down. I've noticed that the glue-stick is not that strong, and the corners started poking up and catching on our socks as we walked across the floor. Also, the floor is pretty slick - we are having to look into some kind of floor grip to spray on it.
they work well. Strange they are in a bag of 5 though.
works well in the space planned
Very happy with this flashlight....Very bright....long lasting battery.....only con and the 4 star rating is because it gets hot after 5 to 10 minutes of use
Received . Very nice . Recommend it highly
We were able to fix our dryer for a much cheaper cost than if we had resorted to replacing it. My husband installed it with few problems.
Theses work great! I bought these to light the mailbox for parties at our house so people would know where to turn into the driveway. The other option was run 100 foot extension cord, and that would have gotten in the way of mowing. These provide decent light considering they are solar. The light they emit is more in the blue spectrum than the warm white spectrum. There are several different flashing settings or solid on. I have no clue how long they last, but they out of juice when we wake up the next day when they are left on the flashing setting. But before we go to bed they have generally been on about 4 hours, so they get at least that for us. Neither set has had any problems yet. Very Happy
The product is great but I wasn't able to cut to fit my stove. I passed them on to my mother where they worked great for her stove.
Works, used it to cover area that used to have wallpaper. Covers about one wall in a living room if using a roller. Did not have much luck using a paint brush, pretty thick.
I like it a lot. Perfect near one of my corner windows. It could be a little taller. Three to four inches perhaps. Sincerely...
It works but it should be a little brighter.
this item works fine as expected the only reason I don't give all the stars is because the hose drips a little water after I close the faucets for a little while
We received new lights for this company and very happily changed our rating based on service. Our first rating was as following “Got two strings! Only around 5 bulbs worked out of both! I do not recommend this item..”
Hard to get this filter through Sears. Great to get it through Amazon!!!
Would've given it 5 stars but the light it came with broke immediately and there was no backup
serves my purpose for using it.
I bought these almost two years ago and out them away until i was ready for the holidays. I just found them this year...lol Very heavy construction. I bought two and installed the one. XMAS lights and a vacuum cleaner are no problem for this durable unit. But when I went to install the other one in the garage I realized there was no screw (you can take off the cover of the existing two outlets, and plug this one in, and then a screw holds it fast. So I'll need to find a long screw somewhere that fit it correctly.
I needed something not to protect the floor, but to keep wooden bar stools from making a horrible screeching noise every time they are pulled out or scooted. These fit well (I measured per the chart in the pictures), and stay put. They work well in completely silencing the horrible noise the stools used to make. Because they are truly like knitted socks, they will not break or crack like so many people complained about the plastic ones, but I'm not sure how long they'll last before they wear through. For now, I'm happy with them.
I like the way it looks and it's very functional. However the directions for installing it were terrible. If your not savy with tools and hanging things on walls I wouldn't recommend it, or hire someone to do it for you. The directions were vague at best and left too much room for error when glass is involved.
Surprisingly well made, and designed. It is a bit hard to turn when you have a load on it, but that can be fixed by strapping two of the wheels so that only one on each side is in contact with the rolling surface. I cut a wood block to fit between the uprights and the upper wheels then strapped the wheels up against the wood. It works perfectly now as a two wheeler.
Feel very pleased thanks you guys are awesome 👍🏼
Great product, but do NOT believe the coverage estimate. Add at least another 50% if you want the job done right. Aside from that if you do your prep work, (and a lot of it!) you will have an amazing floor!
helped reduce the obnoxious brightness of a clock in my bedroom - just wish there were more bigger sheets
Easy to hang. Nice size. Not the prettiest shelf but serves the purpose.
Received the product damaged. One of the solders were broken so only 2 of the 4 led strips would light up. Messaged the seller and they mail a new one the next day. Happy with the product but more so with the seller.
I like the water pressure and the different options. But his product seemed not well made when I took it out of the package, for the cost. But so far it has worked well.
The strainer does hold water in the sink but the basket is smaller than the one I was looking to replace.
The lights came well-packaged and were easy to assemble. Everything works fine, except an on-off switch was missing from one of the lights. Still, they are a great value, and I like having the option to either plug them in or hardwire.
I ordered 2 of these and although the packaging looked the same, the clips were definitely not. One package had thin, flimsy clips when compared to the other pack. They both seem to be holding the pegs well, but I'm curious to see how the clips hold up in relation to each other over time.
Very nice, just need to show which side to place it.
Need for for replacement and the price was right.
Great desk light, NICE AND BRIGHT AND GREAT ADJUSTMENTS, but mount CLAMP could open further and the flex neck is a little short for my desk use. I bought a couple of the the floor model in the past and loved them. Out of stock when I tried to order more. Trond makes goo stuff. this one is not their best.
Love it! I didn't realize how tall this thing is. It's perfect for my workspace - doesn't table up any table space and is easy to manuever.
Brackets are heavy duty and perfect for my project. As represented by the seller. Very pleased.
Simple device. Only complaints are too much grease from the manufacturer that needed to be cleaned up (and I do not know what kind of grease it is- which matters in case of reaction with the other substances you are working with). The jack is very precise with a tight machine screw thread count. This does mean it takes A LOT of turning to fully raise the jack- but the precision it offers is worth it. This is a rather small jack, so if you are running larger experiments, you might need to step up to a larger size. But for my backyard organic chemistry hobby, this works fine and I will probably pick up a couple more.
Easy to install looks nice I really like the finish
Fairly easy to use and move around. My only complaint is I wish I could order them in a larger size and I wish they made a raised boarder piece as well.
We bought water filters for our refrigerator. They were much cheaper than in the store and seem to be just the same. Order was received quickly and was easy to install
This has not been installed yet. But I was happy to find one exactly like the one being replaced, which is almost 20 years old. Hoping to encounter no installation issues! (Waiting on a relative to help with the install).
Using these to mark our driveway. Very light, efficient and attractive.
Work as advertised and easy to install. Will handle round bales of hay without issue.
This does the job perfectly. I was hoping the color was more bronze but they look more like black.
For the price, these lights work great. They're bright, small, and easily portable.
Wish they were a touch more rugged though I do understand they are meant to break to protect the moter!
It's good but it has some level of noise.
They are LARGE. They fit in a regular light bulb socket, no issues. The bulbs are much much larger than a regular bulb though. If you have a tight fit already these will not fit.
The bad: The touch is not that sensitive The good : works great with google home
Direct readout of carbon monoxide level was the main reason for buying this particular unit. The unit works well but the instructions are not very useful. They are plainly written by someone who doesn't speak English. Specs are lacking in that they don't say at what level of CO the alarm will sound, or how long it takes for detection at various levels. Otherwise, the unit works as expected.
Don't know until I try to use it
I love almost everything about this lamp. However, it advertises 90 degree adjustable, but it does not adjust 90 degrees like you would think. 45 in each direction but not 90 in each.
I purchased these back in December about 6 months ago and they work as intended most of the time. I bought them to have my various pet tanks on a set schedule but the schedule occasionally just stops working for no apparent reason. It's only happened 2 or 3 times but it's still very annoying when it does happen.
works with my garage opener.
Works great. I used it on some headphones.
These work great but they are not white. Really would like to see them correct this color choice. They are beige or almond. I have four of these and I need white so I have to order another brand! Really wish they would make these in true white.
Once you figure out how to install these (there are some user made instructions in the Amazon reviews for this item - use them!, they work pretty well. The instructions that come with the set are terribly translated. I would suggest assuming that these hinges will hold about 60% of the weight they state in the product description. They are working for now, but I believe they will wear out fairly quickly with prolonged use, if you go anywhere near their maximum product load.
This little lamp works wonderful! Its battery operated and its very bright... oh and it's censored
This water hose would get 5 stars if the 2 attachments they send would work with the submersible pump I ordered. This hose was recommended. The 2 plastic threaded connectors do not fit the pump. Only connection that does work is the one that is already on the pump when you order it, which is the water hose connection. You need a threaded collar in order to use the others.
The nickel finish is very nice and it holds the extra towel well. You will need a solid door or a wall joist to support the weight imo
These lamps are the perfect size for a small corner. I placed them on either side of my dresser. They are bright even without turning them on. I have yet to get the bulbs for them. Can't wait to see how they light up my antique bureau. Very please with them.
My son really likes this night light. It is a cool gift to get someone. It comes with a charging cord that can plug into a computer, but not into the wall outlet. You would need use your own cube if you wanted to plug it into the outlet.
The bulbs are great but 2 were damaged. I ordered enough to have 2 in reserve so I had enough working bulbs to replace all of my non-working bulbs. I would order again.
I liked the quality of the material. It fits small to large. They stretch to fit any hand size.
I like the shower head.
These lamps were exactly what I was looking for. Very affordable. Very minimalist. And very simple to install. I purchased Edison bulbs to 'spruce' them up and give a nice amber glow to the room. The lighting creates such a cozy glow and I love that they don't take up table space like a traditional lamp would. I have ordered more since my first purchase.
Looks good and solid construction. Should do just fine!
I have only ever owned 2 booklights. I think this one works just fine. Sometimes I have to adjust it depending on which part of the page I'm reading but so far it works as intended.
Nice part,fast shipping, knob feels a little loose but works ok.
Love the final product. Written instructions are horrible. My advice is to go to YouTube for instructions. Wishing for different colors/designs.
A high quality product product is compatible with things the seller said But I found cheaper price
My 2nd grader is reading in bed every night now. Wish the neck would move easier.
First one arrived broken. This one worked fine only it was the thermal fuse that was my problem
Try these as wall jack adapters, good company with even better ones available that have two connecters the same size as one receptical.
Product arrived in good condition. My only disappointment was on how late it finally arrived. Amazon notified me around 10am or 11am my product arrived. It wasn't delivered until the evening. At that point, I no longer needed it. I did decide to keep the decorations for possible future use.
setting up instructions were a little difficult, but once I got it installed I love it. I programmed one of the smart plugs for the master bedroom lights and it works great.Plug does what it says.
These are not the small vanity lights I thought they were. These are the same size bulb as your average home light fixture. They still worked great in my entryway chandelier.
Amazing product for working hands
Lock is very nice. Instructions are vague on how many batteries are required in the lock. I tried to operate Ed with only 2, since that was the only battery compartment visible. Turns out one needs to pull the battery box from the lock to access a second battery compartment.
Not as big as I wanted but it works. Three bulbs makes it way brighter than 2 and it updates the room!
This was a really fun gift. It worked great. The room lit up with an amazing light show.
Great for that extra little bit of light I need when doing jigsaw puzzles
I got them to use in my classroom, but the adhesive was meh and the led light would starts to fade in brightness after about five minutes. I use them around my house now for closets (less time used), so not a total bust.
As advertised, perfect fit.
The pluses: 1) Beautifully made quality product. 2) Packaged like an iPhone, so handling and opening the box is a delightful experience. 3) A snap to install. The drawbacks: Too bright for most indoor, especially for crown molding uplighting, which is what we want. I wish cut the number of lights in half, which would make them truly "warm white" rather than landing light white.
Well, apparently this isn't available anymore, but it is excellent anyway.
I was looking for a little extra boost in my HVAC system and found this product on Amazon. It came in a nice box with good instructions. I hooked it up it started working I had to get used to the controls as there is multiple different settings for it, but that's a good thing. The only thing I will say is that over the last month the fans have gotten a bit noisier, however I believe This just to be dirt and dust that has got into the fans I will be buying some spray compressed air to try to clean the fans out I'll update you when I try this and see if it works.
works like new. No Issues
It didn't fit properly and I had to alter it for fit. After alterations it seems to work properly but I am very concerned about getting it back out at replacement time.
Making Christmas gifts and these were exactly what was needed!
It's somewhat thin. But useful.
Exacty as stated,Fast delivery,Good product
Quick converter. I live in apartment with a deck that has no standard hose hookup. This is great as the deck is just off my kitchen! Also great for watering house plants. It is reversible, so depending on the size of the current faucet head. It does leak a little bit, but I didn't use any plumbers tape as once I am done I switch back to standard head.
Love these, so much more convenient and they lock wonderfully.
Does not dispense really cold water. It does dispense really hot water. Disappointed about the cold water.
This filter is good at making my hair softer - getting rid of the mineral buildup from my spring.
Works fine but too expensive.
Smaller than expected but is still great. Nice and bright. Good bondage.
I bought this for my aquarium. Had bought other various cheap digital thermometers with initial success but soon discovered they became terribly inaccurate after a short time. I bought this one and found it to be the most accurate of all of them and so far has remained so in the first couple weeks I've used it. I'm going to wait a couple weeks to see if it stays accurate and then order an additional one for the other side of my 120 gallon aquarium. My only gripe is i wish it had a mounting hole and/or a suction cup on the back of the display itself. I might just attach a small piece of velcro on the back. Will keep updated on its reliability in a few more weeks.
Arrived on time Package well Exactly what I was looking for. Very nice for the price
Nice accent unit. could last longer, but it's nice
lasted longer than the original Lava Lamp bulb I was using..
I bought this because the picture looks awesome. I had the plumbers install this in my new Jacuzzi bathtub. It looks great. However, I needed three fasteners to tighten the Faucet, shower head, and the handle, but only two were in the box. I contacted the company and Ian got back to me and sent the fastener by express mail. Then, the plumbers and General Contractor installed the tub, caulked and sealed. My wife noticed that there was a hairline leaking in the handle. Called the plumbers. They said, there is a plastic valve inside the handle, but it isn't standard, so they could not fix it and just put the valve back and asked me to have the company send me a replacement part. Contacted Ian at the company again and requested the valve. Ian sends me the valve hassle free. The part arrived by express mail again. This time, I personally shut the main water supply to the house and disassembled the handle and switched out the leaking valve...in the process, the handle is slightly misaligned, but it is actually economically better for usage. Turn the main water supply to the house, No leaking. Problem solved. Now, we have beautiful functional Jacuzzi bathtub with great aesthetically pleasing chrome faucet, shower head and ergonomically positioned handle. Great customer service from Ian. I would have given 5 stars, but I had to pay extra for the plumbers to problem solve the leaking valve in the handle, so have to be honest and take a star off. Otherwise, this is a great product, but the factory/manufacturers need better quality assurance program/process improvement in their inventory management. In closing, we really like this product.
I got these handles to update the look of my vanity in my bathroom. They are even more beautiful in person than the photos show. They look very elegant and sparkle in the light. My only complaint is that the screws were slightly too short for my drawer. No worries, I just used the screws I already had from the previous handles, which thankfully fit. I would recommend these handles for a sophisticated and elegant update.
Works well had a little trouble with installation but that was due to my inattention. If your ordering this insure you retain he power plug from old one as this item does not come with one, My instillation problem was caused by not have proper amount of plumbers putty in drain aperture.Fairly quite runs well
I would like to see say to all readers of my reviews, thanks for reading. I try to explain all I can as soon as I test any products I buy. I have bought similar ones to these but I can say; these are indeed brighter than the other brands and bigger too. The reason for 4stars is due to the magnets it uses to stick it up, they tend to pull away a bit easy. None of the over 20 I have installed for clients have not failed. These are Good replacements for most lighting situations. I do recommend them...
One of the knobs would not allow the screw to go all the way in, therefore leaving that side of handle a little loose. I tried a few different screws and problem still existed.
I really like this bulb. The best part is it does not have the large base that other WIFI bulbs have , it looks like a normal bulb. The ability to change color, brightness, App, and ease of setup were all a Plus. It initially worked well with Alexa for a few weeks, but then stopped working with Alexa. I can still control the bulb with the app, So maybe there is a bug with the skill for Alexa.
This pump worked fine. I used it to bring the water level down on a 20,000 gallon pool. I had to let it run for about 7 hours to bring the water level down ~5 inches. It wasn't very loud and it didn't get too hot. It tells you to lubricate the pump with vegetable oil before use and also not to start it up dry. Follow that and I think you will have success.
In the end, this is a great lamp, but it took a bit of work. It's really not hard to put together, just make the floor space available to lay it down. But after it was together, I realized the arms wouldn't budge, I couldn't swivel them apart. We had to take it apart a bit where the arms join the main lamp pole and loosen some extremely tight nuts, in order to fix that. It's a part that came pre-assembled, and I just happened to own a wrench that worked, so clearly this was not something I should have had to do. But then it worked, and looks, great!! The only other thing I had to do was add thick felt stick-on things to the underside. It's just a somewhat- smooth piece of stone, there's no way I was putting that right on my hardwood floor without putting the felt things on first.
The light simple to install and use. Only thing I wish I could set the timer 15 seconds is a bit short .
Strong strapping and quality metal ends. Easy to adjust and secure load. Just wish the strapping was longer.
Wood is much more friendly, don't forget to lightly sand the edges, because it comes sharp. I used a green scratch pad.
This vacuum works great and it is very easy to move around while in use. I've had shop vacs that have very stiff hoses and this one is great. This size is perfect for me. My only comment is that the manual does not address everything. But I can figure it out.
Cute night light that serves its purpose. We tried it with batteries first but they do not last long at all. Do not buy if you only plan to use batteries. No way. It is a bit flimsy and my 3 year old knocks off the top film about once a weeks when he trys to turn it off in the morning. Also, the rotation is a bit noisy. I can't tell if it's getting or has gotten louder but I wouldn't want it next to me at night. But my son loves it and that's what matters. He has no idea that it came with other films so I'm looking forward to suprising him with the birthday one soon.
There seem to be some quality control issues with the WiFi controller, but the seller was very quick to resolve the problem and send a replacement.
If it was taller, it would be better
These have really come in handy. I ordered two sets of two, so one is above my laptop; one is under the corner kitchen cabinet and two are on the stairs. I definitely appreciate all of them. I like that the batteries are rechargeable (USB),but how do you take them off recharge and put back on? Also, I tried to contact the Seller as one of the 'metal' pieces was just slightly bent enough that it won't stick on the wall and I only need that strip of metal to replace - not the whole thing. I have not heard back from them??? These are nifty and you'll find plenty of uses for them, just would be happier if I knew how to recharge; and how to get another metal strip??
This light was the right size for our need, and convenient, in that it didn't require wiring. For the intended use in lighting up LED screens on some monitors in our RV, it worked great and was a good price. Since they came in multiples, and we had two left over, we tried putting one in a dark coat closet. In that location, it did not really shed enough light to be useful. So I would just caution you that there is not a great deal of light, but it is very useful in certain situations like the one we wanted it for.
From pic. wires looked brown but are actually white as it states. Lights are soft almost Amber tint which is what I wanted. Don't know how long they will last as this was my first purchase.
This is a great product and both my wife and son have significantly less allergy issues when we use and change these monthly. We have tried the reusable ones, but have not had the same level of success.
I love them bordering my garden with birdbath fairy garden. SWEET!!!!!
Works as expected. I'll be ordering more.
I just have an issue with the corners. also the remote is kinda week
a touch of class to a home
Read the reviews and watched online video, so thought I'd try it. I found it works great and beats working with concrete. One other reviewer said you won't get ten post holes out of this $90+ set, and I have to agree. It's just a little too spendy. My project involves 40 holes only 18 inches deep by 6 inch diameter. Thought I'd spend the money for four, maybe five sets to save myself all the concrete work. Big no. Six holes required the whole thing, but did a great job. Too much $$ for my blood when doing that many holes. Highly recommended for projects that don't require placement of that many posts. Part B bottle was badly dented when received, but the product had not leaked. Wear gloves. It's pretty sticky. Pre-plan a place to set your drill with the draining stir rod as soon as you finish mixing. You don't want to set it in the grass before using it for the next mix.
These are as great alternative. BUT...the general installation revolves around the amount of shingle that over hangs into the gutter area. The less, the easier and cleaner to install. I've found that trying to install these with shingle material overhanging results in having to crush the panels to fit and makes them visually unacceptable. So what I did was to "dome" each panel by slightly bending then from flat to dome shape by placing them over a 2" pipe and slightly bending each panel around the pipe. You may have to notch each panel slightly to clear the gutter supports. But the end result is great! The instructions are lousy and I ruined my first box because of them. But once I figured out what to do they came out as good as expected.
Use the pump several times. Works as designed.
Looks nice and does the job perfectly. However, it is PLASTIC not metal like I was expecting. It looks like metal, but it isn't. Should have known by the price. Looks good though, so in the end it doesn't matter.
Bought this to upgrade our shower head. Install was a breeze. My house has lower than average water pressure so you can remove the plastic water restrictors in the head for a slight increase in pressure. The only gripe I have is that the hand held is mounted above the main shower head which makes it really hard for shorter people to reach. I had to buy an shower arm extension to get it to a reasonable height.
Very stylish but burns the batteries down
These are super good.
Works well. See picture below.
Arrived as expected, will work for the purpose of stabilizing kayak during transport. Can't comment on durability as I just received it.
It was a bit slow but it did the job of draining my swimming pool with no problems. Just be patient.
Just what I needed, quick delivery and completely satisfied
Very heavy nightlights but they provide a soft, warm glow that I do like.
Nice looking basic light fixture. I bought these to replace expensive LED fixtures with built in power supplies. Two out of four failed and can't be fixed. Don't buy those! I installed dusk-to-dawn bulbs in these and they work great for less than half the LED units, and you can actually change the bulbs in these, like at Halloween or Christmas when I like to put colored lights up. My only gripe is that these are NOT oil rubbed bronze, even though that's what the box says. They are just straight black with no texturing. And they are smaller than I expected. I took a picture next to my old dusty broken LED pieces of crap.
seem to be fine for the price. I will change it out about every 6 months. Decent price and the perfect size for my hot air gas furnace. My original one is really about 13 1/2 tall which is what this one actually is so it fit perfectly !!!
Not an exciting purchase, but these stainless hoses are priced right. Better quality (and safer) than rubber.
Unfortunately I ordered incorrect size. I need a 1.5 inch drain stopper. Because I cannot use this one, I cannot rate its performance.
good bench for what ya pay. the hardware was tapped/ died pretty sloppy took a couple feeds to get the nuts and bolts to work well...but all in all this is a very nice light duty bench.
Easy to install. Works well. My washer is 24 years old and this part fixed it. No new washer for me yet! The only tricky part was I couldn't get the plug up through the opening in the lid correctly, so the connection may loosen with time.
I purchased this for the corner of my shower. Instructions were simple, easy to follow. I've had it up for a month now and it seems sturdy and doing the job. My only complaint so far, is that I ordered the shelfs with hooks and I received ones without.
Can not find how to change password
The bag is too small but w/o it, the brush is fine.
The headline said it all.
These work great to hang items quickly. They have worked well holding pictures and sound dampening panels. They can bend relatively easily but also can be installed without tools.
These are nice lights.But how many strands can you continuous plug in together?
exactly what I needed, great for adding aux devices or lights with out having permanent connections.
I had already purchased two and when I moved to a new apartment I realized I needed more light. I bought a third fixture to add to my other two and now my living and dining room are cohesive looking. The fixture was easy to put together without directions and my home is very modern and comfortable. My friends comment that they like my new lighting. Just enough to dine by or read by.
Appears to be much stronger than the way-over-priced OEM, still the dumbest part ever put into an ice maker...
I really like these lights. My kiddo, 9, asked to update his room and make it more “grown up” so my plan included lighting up the underside of his bed and gaming center. These lights are awesome! The whole strip is adhesive, stuck them right up on the underside of the bed frame. Only complaint is the directions, super unclear and left a lot to wonder (or potentially mess up!). One part that isn't mentioned in the directions are how the connections have SUPER tiny arrows that need to match up. I almost thought mine were broken when nothing turned on. Second complaint, same area. The connection itself is just not super secure. I feel like the probes easily fall out and it's difficult to keep them connected. Easy fix with some electrical tape though. The lights are a big hit with my son! He loves all of the settings.
Great night light during sleeping. It's very tiny. The level of output light is just perfect; it's not annoying, yet you can still see. I take one star because it runs hot for the power it consumes.
It is study and looks beautiful. I hung it in my garden. The flickering candle light looks very real. A storm came a few days ago, and so far it has been working fine.
Screws are too small, but overall is a good product for a low price.
A little tough to cut. I prefer the dots I think.
The last time I bought a replacement for the door handle, it cost around $45. It was from a site recommended by GE. This one isn't the white that you advertise, more beige, but I can live with it until I replace the 20 year-old microwave it's going on.
We love daylight and replacing these over stove top made our kitchen bright. Cooking More !!!
They are Christmas gifts, so hope they like !
We ordered 2 to replace the one we destroyed, it was still functional we just needed to fix the wheel. The previous one broke after several years of use due to us dragging it up and down off the curb instead of using the curb ramp. Very easy to assemble, I only needed a needle nose pliers to secure the large back wheels.
To set the off and on time requires pushing a bunch of tabs in or out which is kind of micky mouse, my other timers have rotating off and on metal switch which is more simple and I suspect will last longer than the plastic tabs
Meh. They're black lights. Don't expect them to light up much of an area.
Love love love this lamp!! The only down side is that it did not come with detailed instructions on how to hang the beads, but overall it is a beautiful lamp
Has some larger anchors and screws that really come in handy..
I purchased this light not knowing how it would plug in. to my surprise it came with a waterproof connection, kinda? as you can see in the pictures it ends in two wire and the ground wire is screwed in the frame. not ideal but i can work with that.I guess it is better than 3 different outlet plugs having to plug bit into 3 outlets would not work for me.
This night light works perfectly. However, in full darkness it's not quite as bright as I had hoped. I've seen similar nightlights with brighter output.
We ordered five of these units. They are great for the price, however one of the units arrived with a missing part. It is missing the black base nut (supposed to be two) used to mount the base to the wall.
These are great switches, as attested by the many other positive reviews. I downgraded one star because of a problem I ran into installing the switch in a double-gang work box. When I finished installing the new switch (easy!) and replaced the double switch cover, the bottom edge of the cover's rectangular switch opening pressed against the switch's recessed reset/restart switches, causing the switch to reset and forcing me to: 1) delete the now-orphaned switch device in the Kasa app, 2) go through the device's WiFi setup from scratch, and 3) redo the schedules and scenes I had already set up for the switch. To remedy the problem I used a file to slightly bevel the bottom edge of the switch opening in the plastic cover. A different switch cover with slightly larger openings might not have the problem.
Great buy for the price!!!
Great switches if you know you have a common wire in your existing switch. Aesthetically, it looks much better than other brands. Fairly easy to install, assuming you have a common (white) wire available. If you don't, its easier to go with the smart bulbs and group them together in your app. 4 stars until the price is more reasonable.
Beautifully looking faucet in the kitchen. Nice water flow and smooth handle operation. Buttons that switch from shower to stream are easy to operate. This gets 4 stars because slip joint nut failed during installation. We contacted the seller and he promptly sent us a replacement part free of charge.
A little difficult to put in; but filters the water fine.
The kit is great but I it doesn't come with screws as shown. I wrote the company and requested them and was sent another kit which also didn't have the screws. Deborah ( Customer service rep) required about if I was satisfied and inform her again there were no screws so she credited my account some funds. The company response were very quick and friendly.
I wanted something to highlight my knick knacks on the top of my bookshelf. These aren't exactly what I was thinking, (I didn't notice the picture showing the face of it being very ugly 😂) but since where I'm putting it, i.e. only matters where the light is, not the strip, it works great. We can change the colors to suit our mood, the holiday, or whatever.
Great little lamp. Gave it 4 stars since the shade was slightly damaged when it was packed it in the box. Luckily we have the lamp in a corner so the damage is not noticeable.
I only needed the lift for one large project. The lift was perfect for it. I am not sure how much of a beating this lift could take over the long run, but totally a perfect balance for cost and quality.
The heater appears to be well made, but we haven't needed to use it yet. I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.
this lamp is just as stated, i love the brown finish, it was easy to assemble, it is a little unsteady, but that was in the instructions. It works well where I have it beside the couch and wall. The brightness is nice, I would like it if it had a slightly brighter light, for my own needs, but it works just fine and would recommend it to others for a side lamp with shelves!! I really like this product.
The product arrived on time and in good condition. The product specs are as described and advertised by the seller in terms of wattage and size. The screw-in stem of the light will fit any standard lamp socket and appears to operate properly hanging in any direction...i.e., hanging from ceilings, table top lamps and or horizontally from a wall. That said, follow the manufacturer's directions, though they didn't give you much to go on...they are, afterall, just lightbulbs! I also should point out, that while the flickering effect is very cool...it isn't as realistic as depicted in the advertisements and or the packaging. Despite that, I plan to use them on my screened-in back porch at the lake in addition to the Tiki Torches and candles...it will look great, especially with a frosted globe or shade.
Item came on time, was easy to install and fixed my toilet!
Just what ordered and described
Had to contact the mfg for confirmation of correct part, online information inadequate and product instruction poor.
Useful for testing USB Power Supplies and determining if the USB on a computer is powerful enough to run USB based accessories.
Good product but would not fit my salt lamp base without modifications.
Expect to do some wiring gymnastics to get this device into a standard size box. This style outlet is always on the large size so this one isn't unique. Once installed, it works as expected. I did notice that when I plug my laptop into it, it has a high pitch buzz or which intermittently -- not sure if that's my laptop or a fault in the unit but it doesn't bother me and charges phones without an issue which is the primary need.
Great quality bulbs. Put off lots of light
Feels good using this shower head, very relaxing.
This is a good product, I would recommend to all.
I bought 6 of them for one of my project. It give you the designer brand look with out hurting your wallet.
Good looking lamp. Just the right size. I wish the lamp had a brighter light setting.
They look decent when up on the ceiling. Very easy to install. When you see them up close from the package they do seem to be cheaply made. It's decent for the price you pay.
Looks good in a lamp, tried it in outside clear glass covered light and the color is off a little to look natural. Maybe too light orange. Put it in a lamp with a shade and it looks much better
I love these lights. They're bright and light up my kitchen and work space very well. Only issue is one bulb came defective. I didn't want the hassle of returning and tried to have one bulb delivered but Amazon said they aren't able to do that and offered me a $3.00 coupon/ cash reward on Amazon gift card.
Arrived on time, thanks to amazon prime. i unpacked it and i really like that you can mount it on the wall. it comes with screws. It checks batteries and holds new batteries. i think im gonna order another one, because this item doesnt hold all my batteries. tester works great!
works great---could be a little brighter---bought one like it for more at local store before, needed another and found on amazon for less
Worked as described, I had hoped to really not see anything but the wall, but you can see where I patched it. Painted it and it looks good, just not great.
The lights were impossible to install. I had to unroll the entire spool as it seemed they were wound backwards. It took forever, but I got it done and am pleased with the product. We will see how long they work.
I LIKE THE DAYLIGHT COLOR BUT I THOUGHT THAT A 24 DEGREE BEAM ANGLE WOULD HAVE CONCENTRATED A TIGHTER FOCUS FOR HIGHLIGHTING.
My farrier recommended this product to me. He works outside year round and dealing w/horses his hands get a work out. I always get the cuticle cracks by the corner of my thumbs when our Texas weather dries out during the cooler months. Upon his advice I tried it for my hands and was amazed how quickly they healed. I gave mine to my younger son who ask what to use for his hands, he drills water wells for a living. He can't go w/out this stuff now. I recently gave it to my older son who also works outside year round.
We have been using this to turn our Christmas Tree lights on and off by Alexa. It was easy setup but a couple times it has stopped working. We unpluged it amd then plugged it back in amd it was fine. We have been using it for about a week and a half with many on and off commands. Our kids tend to play with it.
Those holes looks like ground but they are not
My new undermount kitchen sink looks great. The drainage of water at the bottom of the sink could be better. Overall, a good product for the price.
No problem with them. The colors are fun and it would be a good stocking stuffer. Great for homes that are very dark at night from having no street lights emitting light into the house. Easy to clean w a disinfectant wipe.
When it arrived, despite more than adequate packing, the bases on two candle holders were slightly bent giving the candles a crooked appearance. The was easily fixed by gently bending the bases by hand. Once corrected, the centerpiece provided just what we expected and we received many positive comments from guests over the holidays. We were impressed with the fact that the brightness was easily controlled by remote. We are very satisfied with this purchase and hope to be using it for many years to come.
Bought in July and used 5 times. Time will tell but so far it works well just a little slow.
very good Knobs with great price but 4 stars given since no longer screws were provided for drawer, i had to buy 1 3/4" screws from Home depot.
Worked well for a slow turning lure/rod dryer.
Great light up the area around the grill and parts of the patio.
Seems to work well. Boys down a little compared to others I've had but for the price it's great!
Floor mat for dog food dishes so they do not travel all over the floor. Love the product. I did not read the sizing close enough :( We have LARGE dog dishes and they overlap on the sides a little bit. Also, the silicone is a little sticky (So the dishes do not slip) but it makes it a little harder to wipe clean when you have sloppy boxers eating their meals. All in all, the product is what was advertised. I would buy them again, just a little large in width. Thank you.
Good product which meets needs. Interesting shade design which you don't understand until you assemble. Light is crooked so only 4 stars.
I would have liked to had the switches reversed so it works like my other timers
Works well. Makes more noise than anticipated, BUT comforting as fan and masking noise.
Very easy to install. Work great do far
I was hoping they wouldn't have to be glued into the grate holes, but they do.
Has worked ok for us. The floor anchor has moved a bit but over all we are enjoying having them on our barn door
We used it for the back door. The handle was easy to install but the deadbolt was not. It's on but doesn't function. As we live in a gated community it's no big deal. I'll get it fixed by a pro later.
The faucet is well functioning but the it is overpriced by about $100.
I'm going to use this on my car windshield. Saw this on YouTube.
Perfect to wire into a circuit for a battery operated camera doorbell. Works as advertised.
Has 2 settings. Bright white and less bright more natural yellowish light. Takes 3 AAA batteries.
Works great 6 months in- thanks!
its a basic 2000+ gal house sediment filter holds up well 3-6 months depending on H20 volume. do NOT wait much longer than 6 months as paper edge starts to comp apart from plastic ends So plan 3-4 changes a year..
Very easy installation. Does a great job at our camp but takes about 7 min to pump up to 30lbs of pressure in our tank with about 17lbs of air in it. Only had it a short time but so far so good.
The seller offers a great service. She helped me a lot. The product is very good. Perfect condition, didn't know how much I would enjoy this amusing and effective Does the job fine. Simple product but very effective.
Overall it's not bad for the price, just wish water would come out stronger.
Love this overall, looks great, easy to install, and great value. Only thing I wish I could tweak a hair is to make the neck just a bit longer so that the shower head could position more like a rain head.
Very bright light. Best value flood light on the market IMO. Only problem I ran into is that the screw they gave me to mount the light to the bracket was too short. Luckily I had a longer one laying around.
They are small but will work just fine in a pinch. The color cover comes off to easy on some. But all locks have different keys.
Just hung up a large...heavy picture. Its solid . Ahhh...mabey it deserves 5 stars
good quality and very functional. it has a great feature, to adjust to the thickness to your door. the only small issue is , its very tight fit, between top of door and upper wall. so its a little hard to close door. but not a major issue.
Had a old one that started to go out after 8 years. Wanted to get another because fits in the spot so well. Ordered this one after looking at part numbers on old one. Fit perfectly, easy to install. Started right up no problems. About the same loudness or even quieter than old.
Cozy and small and perfect for the nightside table.
It's great, but seems to get a little too hot. You could burn your hand.
I was nervous because the picture doesn't portray the actual item. It is an exact replacement for our current dishwasher.. just make sure the model number matches.
I have several lights in my basement that I wanted to be motion sensor-ed. Not knowing about these bulbs, I bought something that screwed into the socket and then the lightbulb screwed in to that. They work great but are pricey. I came across these and thought I'd give them a whirl. They've been working great. "Only" 4 stars because the light is VERY white/harsh but bright and does the job in my garage.
Z-wave products can be finicky. First installed easily, the second one was much more problematic, but did ultimately get it paired. For a premium product would have expected better.
I got several on these on the recommendation of a fellow balloon artist for use in balloon decor after several of my bases went missing. They don't have enough weight at the bottom for a lot of balloon decor and the pipes are pretty thin. I love that I can carry them in my car and set them up on site without working about having 6' long EMT in the car. I like that I can slip EMT over the thinner pipe if necessary. This is especially important if I need added height because these are still a little to short for most columns. I can also add round weights to the bottom for windy days as needed. Plus, the cord assembly is in the top section so, if I want to use it for a lit 3' topper, that is also a possibility!
The incubator works great. I really like the egg rotator. I personally dislike that it is made of styrofoam.
Quick shipping to me, The airless worked just great for me , didn't have to thin the paint just crank up the pressure a little more.
Works good. Had some missing parts by they made good.
Easy to install. Only a screwdriver needed.
Great pressure from this little thing. Easy to set up.
Loved the step stool and material made for this Rubbermaid product. Only problem was box shipped in was too flimsy. Received product with no damage.
Matched the original, but smaller in size. Therefore, the original cover did not stay on. Had to make way for cover to stay on.
Fast delivery. One of the electrical connectors was broken when package arrived but worked well once repaired.
Great stuff but very expensive
Like that guide isn't hardly visible from the front. Seemed like it was quality hardware.
its really great for small projects, like a room or two, but not good for a large area. i really did not enjoy rolling a ceiling with it, it runs out of paint to quick for me. i rather roll a ceiling the old fashion way , bucket and roller bar. but it is still cool in my book!!
The product matches the Delta Touch2O quite well. It is easy to fill from the top. However, we have a deep sink and the bottle is tucked behind it so it is hard to see the botttle and how much soap is left. We base refilling on if we can't get anymore soap out. When refilling it is hard to know when you get to the top so I end up overfilling half the time. Otherwise, i like the product.
Had to modify the plug to fit it but it works fine.
I should say that I love this light and it works very well. Bright, excellent sensor that doesn't seem to get fooled very often. Knocking off one star because the original unit did not work, the sensor seemed to be always stuck in test mode with 30 second on cycle that wouldn't respond to the time dial. Tried to contact RAB via their website but did not receive a response. After a few days I called, surprisingly a real person answered the phone, transferred me to a real person in tech support who, and after a couple of questions suggested sending a new sensor. That is installed and working well.
This is our second DreamSky Alarm clock. The first one lasted for about a year before a power surge fried it (I did not have it plugged into a surge protector). So far this one seems to be working just fine. Pretty easy to set up and set the alarm. My kids like that the colored light can be dimmed at bedtime.
Great at purifying water. Doesnt take too long for the water to filter through. Bit of a pain to clean and bit of a pain to empty out any excess water between refills. One weird thing happened - after about two months the small black handle on the lid cracked at the stem. It snapped clean through. And it did it overnight ( i refilled it at night and then again later the next day). There was no one else in the house and I'm the only one who takes off the kid. The handle just snapped in half in place. Very odd.
Only hit is the cover only opens 90 degrees. Would be nice to "over open" for installation. Keeps water out of my deck outlet better than the oem cover
Does as advertised. Good for wider grout lines
A bit more noisy than my other ceiling fans.
A little small, but nice looking. Had to buy longer screws in order to mount.
We have these on our nightstands so as to make it easier to turn off the lamps at bedtime rather than reach up to the switch on our tall lamps. Very convenient & a no brainer to "install." Also used 1 on a lamp with a (nearly) broken switch....it added life to a beautiful lamp that I wasn't going to pay to repair. Only wish it came in white....
This shower head really does have a luxury feel to it, but it uses water too fast, so if you don't have an endless supply of hot water, you might get frustrated..
Everything is great except the adhesive so I had to give it 4 stars. Other than that great product!
Excellent feature to add to any mirror ! Very easy to attach hand held remote makes it easy to use and it also adds a little something extra to your bathroom added it to my daughter's for a princess touch!
They look pretty good although the quality isn't the greatest, they adjust well, these are more for ambiance and not intended for your main room lighting. I thought it was a little expensive for the quality but they're fine for the look I was after.
Very cool product. My son loves the bright colours. I hang it on the door know when I want to close the door. It performs as expected. Flexible. Good product.
Love the look. Works nice. Install is not easy as holes for the bolts that hold the fixture are in the same space as holes for the bolts that attach to the wall.
One useful nifty item. It works every time used flawlessly. Four stars only because the winder is made of plastic and might be more sturdy made of metal.
I like these lamps. They look so nice and the stand is beautiful, but my only problem with it is that it goes in blank sometimes. The light goes in dark it shout out alone.
Kinda runs out of letters at the end, but lock seems good quality.
It is very sharp to the eye very sturdy, looks very professional for someone who needs this being pretty traditional it fits my style too. Not as easy to maneuver as my previous one but much nicer in others the sleep feature is nice. I would recommend it. I took it to the phone store with me to get a face protection on the screen and the clerks in the store loved it and was wishing they sold something more like it.
fairly easy install. read the instructions or search here for answers
So much better than foscam and so easy to set up! Will slowly be making the switch! Love the wide angle
It wasn't as bright as I had hoped, but it came with 2, which was a nice surprise!
Pro: easy to install and work great. Con: - no night or daylight sensors, therefore the light will always on in the daytime., there is no timer adjuster for how long the light should on.
Works most of the time, does become disconnected from hub from time to time. Love being able to have Alexa turn on my fan.
Great product that does exactly what it's supposed to. Just hard to believe the price for it. Needed 50 pairs so the price adds up.
Everything about the filter seems great. Have only just started using it, so waiting to see how well it works.
These lights function great. However, the included velcro for mounting them is beyond horrible. The pieces included are just too small to hold the weight of the lights. Update: Seller reached out and provided a slightly better solution for mounting the lights. Still not ideal, but better than original.
Had trouble getting a fine texture.
Pretty good, it took a little work to get the right fit.
The flashlight has three levels (high, medium and flashing) it cycles through and operates by pressing rubber coated button on back. Pushing the button partially in provides temporary light until released. To fully engage light (stays on), just push in until it clicks. Its default (returns automatically) is the high beam. It has an adjustable focus (wide to narrow beam) by turning front section near bulb. It is quite powerful on high. I estimate (by visual comparison) would be about 1,000+ lumens BUT since it has a very small lens area, it can NOT compare to a full sized flashlight light of similar lumens having lens areas 5 to 10 times greater. For me, it's a great size for pocket carry with powerful light.
Loved how it turned out. Would have liked a better bond on the backing. Overall great product.
Seems to work. speeds up hot water by about one minute.
Used to replace closet light. This light is flush with the ceiling. Very difficult to install alone.
They look and feel nice.
Easy install on deck walkway railing to lake . Works as advertised.
Supplier resolved the problem I had with some of the bulbs! Purchased a 12 pack 18 months ago. 4 of them quit working since then.
We do love them. They fit perfectly on top of our fence posts. The only issue was that there are a couple of them that are not working!!!
Nothing wrong with this product, but super light. Probably could've gotten it cheaper at the hardware store.
Great product for my application and cheap too as an add-on item!
I wanted to overload my non functioning gas fireplace mantel with candles of differing sizes. This was just the ticket. Every candle works properly as does the remote. Very happy-just bought another set and am considering buying a third. I gave it four stars because I own some Luminara, flickering LED candles. You can see the flame on those from a distance and it really dances-everyone thinks it is real. However though they are great they are far more expensive (a Disney product) These are worth the price.
I wish they had smaller size with the same connectivity. Many ceiling fans need the smaller version.
Duct tape is great. It works well for all of the things that people have used it for over the years. I was never able to rip it like my husband did as if it were a slice of bread. I couldn't make it budge. I was able to tear through this with no trouble even though I don't have much strength in my hands. Of course, it isn't as heavy as it used to be. Maybe they make industrial strength now, but for my usage of the occasional Christmas box closing, it really works better for me.
I used them around my mirror in my room. I did have some difficulty getting the connector to stay plugged in but once I moved the power strip closer it stayed plugged in and worked great. I would definitely repurchase
lights all working - packaging flimsy arrived all messed up Not quite as bright as I thought but they work as advertised
Worked really well until my kids twisted the head around to reposition it and it came clean off. Would probably be fine for normal use, just don't turn the head around and around
Does the job, easy to install then to Sani Seal
Nice and bright bulbs. Great value for the cost.
Works great for bedroom or living room. Very easy to assemble and what you see is what you get. Great customer support and fast shipping!
This chandelier is amazing, it is the Modern Contemporary Swirl Chandelier Rain Drop With All Crystal Balls for Foyer Dining Room Kitchen... It was very easy to assemble and put together. The only issue I have that I dropped a star off for is that it has no mountings to use the original junction box. It would have been better if there was a mount for that too. The drywall anchors they supplied are not very good, I highly suggest buying stronger more robust ones and using them instead. The light does take a while to assemble with the crystals part, but its well worth it. They light really is beautiful and looks like good quality.
Caulk, not much else one can say...
Like this product and took care of our dryer easy to put on and it came on time
Really cool bulbs. Standard size base. Very dim. Put 2 in a ceiling fan in the bedroom and was unusable. Still, they look great and would be good for some ambiance or mood lighting.
Solid product. The adjustable tab (tab with screw) is short which did not permit the door to be flat against surface - wish it had been more adjustable. This could be my fault as the product description stated is is for a corner closet and I used for a corner cabinet... still a longer adjustable tab could have made perfect for the cabinet.
It looks very realistic. It is kinda hard to put on but totally worth is after you put it on. I wish they sold different piece because you might have one piece open and you would need to buy another ten
I use this as a trailer coupler lock on several different trailers, works great for me. Just make sure you don't have the key on a big key chain if you shorten up the lock, it's tricky to turn the key with the extra length around the keyhole.
They are the bright white which I love, but for some reason they are not as bright as the 100 watt equivalent LEDs they replaced. I don't know if it is a result of the Edison style or the brand. They do look really nice in my pendent lights over the bar. They also dim quite well.
A lightweight safe, perfect for small documents. Its pretty shallow, in terms of size.
I like that it is bright enough and dims in one minute. However, it only dims and stays on the whole night. I wish it would turn off and turn on when motion detected. I will not buy another one because of that. For me it would be ideal if it dims after 30 seconds and then shuts off in additional 30 seconds.
These are good clips but they do not hold CAT cable snugly. The diameter of the clips seems designed more for coax than for CAT cable.
I would give 5 stars but there's not cut out for the cord so it sits uneven
After trying the product out, I've gone back and ordered enough to cover all our gutters. It's a bit brittle and can be a bit tricky to place but it has worked out well.
Much brighter then expected. Packed up great. Only pulled one out to inspect and it worked great. Hopefully the others all do as well.
Very nice! Matches kitchen cabinets. Easy to install. Needed to buy longer screws for drawer installation. Looks great!
There is not much to say about felt table-leg pads. They are soft enough and thick enough to protect my wood floors. The adhesive is sticky enough to adhere well to the flat base of the table leg, and i had to put one over a sightly-protruding nail, and it still seems to adhere and protect well. The large squares can be easily cut with strong scissors, though a box cutter is easier.
As advertised. Use for craft lamp project.
The light worked well to light up an area I was looking to add some accent lighting
We have not tried the bell yet, we live in Wisconsin and Spring is not coming too quickly this year. I'm leery about sticking the outside bell to our siding when the weather is so cold. We will plan on sticking it on siding when the weather warms up. The chimes/bell choices are a plenty though. You literally will have a tough time picking from them, they are so diverse and fun. The perk about this product is you receive a free pet toy for your purchase made of leather and rope. The choice of 3 items: Pig, Horse or Monkey. We got the Monkey. Within a week our 9mo old Wirehaired Pointing Griffon had it ripped. The toy looks decent enough to outlast the antics of our dog. I gave the product 4 stars because of it.
The lights seem to be excellent, but check back in 29 years to see if they last as advertised. The one problem: please dispense with the nasty hard jagged sharp plastic excess packages. Feit, you are not delivering a more sustainable product with this horror (and my blood) going to the landfill.
Its cool, it doesn't draw attention or get any questions. Its great to carry around.
What I like: It doesn't have to be plugged in, runs on a battery that they say will last 10 years. We'll see. I can set it on a shelf instead of mounting it to a wall. If there is a dangerous level of CO it will display. I hope. What I don't like: It will only display CO level if it is above some mystery level. If the level is low, or zero, it won't display that. If you try to display the CO level, and it is low, the device goes into test mode. Very annoying!! I don't need a room temperature display, I would rather see the actual CO level, even if it is zero.
This little desk lamp is actually extremely helpful for my art. At the right angle is completely eliminates shadows cast by my hand in my viewing area. However, I've only had it for about two months, and the light has already began to dim, not much, but a bit. I've used it for about thirty hours total the past two months.
Battery life is shorter than I expected. My expectation was 10-20 hours. But I liked the product anyway.
The fan looks very nice in our kitchen. I installed 2 lamps, one on each side. Just the right size, not to strong, and is very quiet.
Very Nice faucet, I have 2 of them in my house, easy install, I have the nickel finish. No leaks, functions works great, rotates nicely. far better than those popular name brand ones which are selling for hundreds of dollars, go ahead and buy this product you will not regret it.
I am using this on ceiling as a replacement for an old can light that stop working. Installing this one is fairly simple and straight forward. I was able to get the fixture to sit pretty tight against the drywall ceiling. You have to get the app to work the colors and connect to WiFi. Pretty simple and the app is good. Brightness is average and colors look nice.
Doesn't look like rose gold at all, is more like copper, but its ok
Good luck finding 5 watt replacement bulbs! We tried three hardware stores and eventually had to order them.
I purchased the 3 pack. I mounted them to a tree right off my back porch and a tree facing my kids trampoline. It works great detecting motion. The brightness is ok and works well enough for what we need it for. Going from no lights at all to this has been great. I did however use gorilla duct tape around where it screws together for the batteries since past reviews state the seal is no good and it leaks into the light. Overall pretty decent light.
After seeing some reviews about off-brands cracking, I stuck OEM. A few bucks more is a lot better than water damage!
The hinges are great but handles are on the soft side but for the price it's ok . They look very good and changed door appearance . If handles ever brake you can replace them still good for the price and I like the pre drill holes .
What is there to say, other than "It works."
I use this candle in my covered porch. I like it because it looks very realistic
Once it was put together, it was beautiful! Directions vague.
Works great just wish the cord was longer
Love the Aquasana. But it can be difficult to get a used filter off for replacement. And sometimes the price for a whole unit with a filter can be less than the filter alone. Frankly, it is easier to replace the whole unit than just the filter too.
Easy to use made good replacement seal for a portable AC
Works just fine.. Wish it comes with a washer for both ends though. It works and feels sturdy.
these lights are slim and well made. I hope they last long as promised.
good product, doesnt stick to wood at all.
It's a nice shower head but we had to install the puck on to the tile to get it to suction, it comes off every so often, it's kind of annoying. Wish it had a bit more pressure too
Really the concept of this product. It is extremely useful, just wish it was a little brighter.
Beautiful, simple, modern looking. Doesn't give much light though (I got the led 40watt equivalent, soft). I love how it looks and lights , I love the design it makes on the ceiling. Perfect size-not too big, not too small, for a medium sized dining room.
I got this product for my home, to put it under staircase and drawers. This is easy to install and can be easily turned on through the remote. Despite this it is also looks good at the night time and i don't need ti run the cables so its perfect buy for me. I am planning to get more of this for my office as well, so hopefully my workmates will like it as well.
I recently did my kitchen backsplash and loved how it turned out. I decided to do my kitchen countertops with this paper. My kitchen is 31 years old so it was in need of a makeover. I didn't want to spend thousands so for under $70.00 I was able to do the backsplash and counters! It's not perfect ( seams and bubbles which I tried and tried to get out) but it looks pretty darn good!
Looks and feels like a high quality product. The stickers on the back were sometimes hard to get off. The pad will still allow furniture to move some on the hard flooring but it takes a lot more force than just a normal felt pad. I would buy this product again.
Good filters.I wish they were packaged individually, though. I bought a 2-pack, and they were wrapped together in thin plastic. It was difficult to preserve the flimsy wrapping in order to keep the second filter covered until needed. Since it will be weeks or months until I replace the first filter with the second one, it would have been nice if the second of the two filters were wrapped individually.That way, it would have been kept clean and protected until I was ready to change the filter again.
Works as advertised.
I have not been able to use the product as it is for emergency hot water use and for upcoming car and house washing but the dimensional space savings over the competition's was a big selling point for me. I like how all the necessary attachments came standard with the unit too. I was offered an incentive to review this unit. I cannot give it 5 stars since I have yet to use it but the setup is very user friendly in my opinion.
The color is great however if you have multiple lights in 1 room you cannot sync them together.
It looks great. The chains are very long but we trimmed it up and it looks good.
Love this lamp. The only disappointment was that it is advertised as having replaceable LED's but it is not. Hope they last for a while.
Cord seems well made and sturdy. Rebound and elasticity is very good. Time tells the real value of elastic goods so we'll see about that, hence the missing star. A great start, though.
Great value for what you get, all except one piece was in working condition, and the one piece that wasn't threaded my husband just ran to Home Depot and bought a new piece and it was still more affordable then buying all the pieces separately. Overall very happy with how it turned out it also came with all the hardware needed to hang them
These "D" rings get a "B" minus from me. I do think they are fine but are thinner than other "D" rings that I have purchased in the past. Two holes (w/ screws) are a plus.
A very nice and simple lamp. It has three levels of brightness. My daughter loves it to read in bed. The only reason I gave it a 4 is that the base needs to be a littler heavier. Sometimes depending on how you bend the light to adjust, it tips over.
Installation was extremely easy. I followed their video on the product's page, which made the whole process a breeze. I was a little disappointed at the noise level (a little too high), but overall the product looks well built.
Overall a great product that's easy to install and leak-free! I love the sleek design. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the uneven pressure when using it. It has very strong pressure when you first squeeze the lever, then after a second it flows normal. Not a huge deal, but I have installed 3 other kinds of toilet sprayers (same design) and have never encountered that problem.
I just got this today and it's amazingly bright with no flickering, seems pretty solid yet doesn't weigh a lot. The clip is a lot larger than I expected which is great for stability, and quite strong. The gooseneck is nice and stiff, staying exactly where it's aimed. These pictures were taken with my Kindle and my Surface 3 tablet to give a sense of scale. This gives me much needed lighting for reading, drawing and coloring and I'm really glad I bought it. UPDATE: the light keeps blinking on and off so after some experimentation I discovered that the power adapter that came with it is defective. I switched it to a different adapter I already have and it works but the problem is I need that adapter for another device so I'm not sure how this is going to work. I don't see a way to contact the seller so I guess I'm stuck with a shitty adapter. UPDATE #2: I figured out how to contact the seller and explained the problem to them. The seller immediately sent out another whole light when in reality I had expected them to just send an adapter! It turned out to be a good thing because even with the new adapter I bought the thing was just dead as a doornail. I'm happy to report my new light arrived quickly and it works perfectly. Thank you to the seller for the excellent customer service and swift resolution to my complaint, I'm just sorry I took so long to update this review.
Great value. Everything was in the package and workers perfectly
Install and worked very smoothly.
Once it is up and installed, it is a great looking piece, especially for the price. Assembly is a nightmare. The estimates are way off. You can put this together in an afternoon. And by afternoon I mean 4-6 hours. It comes with the center ball portion, with the light fixtures attached. And with a couple of hundred of the spikes (in two different lengths). Study the instructions closely and review the pictures here on Amazon to ensure that you're placing the spikes in the correct order (short/long) to reach the desired outcome. The center ball has the holes drilled and threaded, as well as the spikes have their ends threaded. That's good. What's bad: the painting/powder coating fills in the threads. This makes the spikes not fit in 90% of the holes. A tap is provided, but that means tediously re-tapping the threads on all 120 holes for the spikes. Oh, and you can't tap the holes next to the lights, because you cannot rotate the tap with the lights in the way. The spikes are so small in diameter that it is hard to get a strong enough grip on them to screw them into the base. I ended up with blisters on my fingertips from screwing in all the spikes. It looks great once it is up though, and I get a ton of complements on it.
Great product great price
Works great. I plan on buying more.
The original sensor lasted nearly 8 years before it failed, so I expect this one will too. It sends a signal nearly 300 feet from the top of the driveway to the house. In the summer, spiders occasionally build webs inside the photocell housing and stop the sensor from working, so I have to check it periodically and clean it out when that happens. Just in case we don't hear the alarm, the dog ALWAYS alerts us with a frenzy of barking in anticipation of a visitor. We see that as redundancy. It's a good little system.
I had used the Valspar Chalky spray paint and loved it - unfortunately it seems to have been discontinued so when I saw this product I was excited. I bought 12 cans in 3 colors to finish a few projects I had. I used the serenity blue on a cedar chest. The first can clogged halfway through the can and couldn't be unclogged. Additionally, the paint is very thin and even with light coats has a tendency to run. In order to cover fully it took 5 coats. On a positive note, the final color and product in very pretty. I have 2 colors and projects left and I am afraid that I will encounter the same issue with clogging (the other issues I can work around). Updated - contacted Rust-Oleum - They attributed the clogging to the need for more shaking before using and offered to replace or refund me for the wasted cans. Customer service rep. was very nice.
I bought these for my son's house which has a low basement ceiling and open bulbs in ceramic sockets. These seemed the perfect answer. The first one went in fine. The second one blew a fuse when turned on. See the attached photos. There is a nylon strain relief with a very pointy screw piercing the insulation of the black/hot wire. Another in the set of four had the same issue but my son moved the wire and taped it out of the way. I'll return the one that shorted out. They are really bright and thin. I'll update this when I get replacement. Update; Great customer service from Amazon and manufacturer! I got a refund on the order and they sent a replacement for the unit that shorted out. The new unit is a completely different board and assembly, no chance of the same thing happening. I'm happy. Thanks for the great support. I'll buy more of these, they are a great way to get rid of those ugly ceramic sockets. If only they had a pull chain model I could replace a few more.
Had to return one as plastic inner piece didn't work first time. Really pretty.
This wall light was selected for direct light over a small table used for multi use. I had it installed by an electrician above a light switch and hard wired using the existing switch. The size and down direction was perfect for the multi use table beside a small kitchenette narrow walkway.
There was a family need for additional night time lighting around my house. The lights were not the exactly the lights I wanted. But they did the job. Additionally, they were the right price and easy to install. After figuring out how to turn them on they achieved what I needed.
Very powerful spray went on easy, if anything spray is to powerful
Great price and easy to install. Water taste great....
i have to change my review, the firstborn one the water wasn't good , but they send to me a new pack and now is good !! The water taste so good !!
We taped the back tail light and it not only saves the cost o fa major repair job, but looks neat.
quality seems good-light not wildly bright, but OK for solar.
I really like these but the wires are silver, not gold, as in the photo here.
Ther are good quality and they a little quiet then originals .
use in my living room, it is steady heat, my 2nd one...
One in the kitchen and one in the car, hope I never need them.
Works well, perfect match. And it includes instructions on how to remove the water restrictor.
Love how this works. My twin 3-year-old boys can potty on their own, meaning they won't fall in! So much better than the little plastic potty because I don't need to clean it out! YESSSS!!! We originally got 2 (one per bathroom). They're generally great, BUT one lasted for less than a year before breaking. The adult seat broke off on one side. Also, the adult seat scratched pretty easily. I'm not crazy about the aesthetics, but it's functional, which is the most important thing when you have two little boys. We got a new one to replace the one that broke. It's cheap enough to buy again while our Littles are still little. Worth it!
Have not installed these yet. Love the look of them.
So far it is working as advertised. Wish the manual would have writing in it, when I opened it, it was blank! Minus 1 star for blank manual....
The adhesion on it wasn't so great, maybe it was because of how I placed it, I had to ultimately tape it to the surfaces both the vertical and the horizontal ones. The lights are great though, they are bright and colorful, very functional.
Luv the price..i got it refurbished i think..but i can just paint the chipped paint..it came assembled!
These are great! Good light, the fit most recessed lighting holders too. I am using them over my BBQ in plugged into a set of string lights. Plenty of light to cook by too. No melting or discoloration yet, but it's only been 2 weeks. Great for the price.
Great product, gives off lots of light we have two of these in our laundry room 11x14 ft and the light level is amazing
Liked it, its bright enough to lit the kitchen area. My next choice would be to get 800 lumens for additional area coverage.
These look cool in concept but only on the lowest setting. At full power, they are super bright. I planned to use one as a desk lamp and it just didn't work. I have two on nightstands in my guest room and if you leave them on low, they are okay. The touch feature is great and I've had no issues with them technically. I just think there are certain areas in your home that they will work better in than others.
Well made, perfect for the job I have. My application is very low speed, these couplings will never be stressed in any way. The only things that mattered to me were: 1) the correct internal diameter for the shaft, 2) good screws that I can drive easily and that "bite" well, and 3) ability to correctly align the shafts using the screws. No complaints about any of the above. The only reason I rate these couplings 4/5 stars is that, for the price, I'd expect to get at least twice as many. As a comparison, some electronic components I buy for my hobbies are a marvel of science, engineering and manufacturing, and they cost less than a buck.
Item worked great for what I needed. Had to punch out the extra holes to fit it but it works fine and I can turn the lamp off while leaving power to the outlet.
I really like the water pressure on this shower head. It is amazing. But the product is made with cheap plastic. Hopefully it holds up overtime. Overall this is a great product and I would recommend.
First time I purchased these the ups driver must have broke them. Only one would connect to my WiFi. I contacted the company and they responded right away. They sent me a new packaged within the week and kept in touch with me to go step by step on how to set them up. They work great in my living room. Only issue I have is I can't use them in my bedroom. They don't seem to connect to the WiFi. It maybe be too far for the reach. But for the price I'm truly happy with this purchase
It looks very nice, but be aware that the low water flow will create problems getting hot water on a demand hot water system. My husband was able to tinker with it and remove the restrictors in order to get a water flow that was strong enough to have hot water again. Needs a better water flow, otherwise great.
I 3d print a lot of stuff, so I go through these things like crazy. They're great quality and do the job quite nicely.
Pleasantly surprised how good this ladder is. It's the perfect size for around the house or for our travel trailer which is what I will be using it for. Very easy to set up and take down. There is some flex when it is fully extended but that is the nature of these types of ladders. It is much more stable in the A frame set up. All around a great portable ladder for to take wherever you're going.
I bought these for my bathroom vanity where I have 3 sockets and boy, I almost went blind when I turned the lights on! The warm white is just white and WAY too bright. I ended up removing the middle bulb and even with just 2 it's still so bright it gives me a headache. That being said, I have one on my living room lap with a thick shade and it works perfectly there. So I guess it depends if you're going to be using a shade or not.
Beautiful Unique Floor Lamp! The only thing I dislike are the tacky distressed sponge paint marks they embellished the beautiful wood with.
I have this switch controlling an outdoor flood light. It works wonderfully, ever since the latest firmware was released. I have also noticed that the Meross app is very fast at turning this switch on and off, unlike some other brand switches I have used. 5 stars when SmartThings support is added and working.
Installed fixture without problems. Works well. Plan to order another for back patio.
It is still working well. Perfect for the price and easy to install. I wish the light was a little brighter but good for now!
Technology that worked right when I plugged it in - after the requisite pairing with the Alarm.com system. Very nice.
Do not know enough yet as I just got the product yesterday.
Keep towel warm and dry, but power cable kind of annoying ... next purchase will be direct connected and wall mounted
Matches our oil rubbed bronze hardware in the bathroom perfectly. It feels a little cheap once installed, but for half the price of other flush handles out there, I won't knock it too bad. Four stars all-in-all.
Exactly as described.
works as it should and setup was simple with smartthings
This is the second set I've bought of this brand to replace the netting on my 8' gazebo. First set lasted about 3 summers. Gazebo is in full sun all day long. Metal bars in the bottom hem keeps the netting in place. Only problem I have is that there is a bit too much of a gap between the magnetic closures. Could use a couple more magnets. Otherwise, very satisfied.
Sturdy as advertised. Folds for easy storage. Large step
Although the knobs are hollow they fit cabinets perfectly.
Really easy to install. Looking great in the dining table. More stable than expected. The only thing that could be better is probably the paint, because it got a tiny scratch on one of the legs. But barely noticeable. Very happy with the result.
Lights work very well and remote does it's job so long as it has an unobstructed view of light strip.
haven,t had them very long but easy to install , very bright , not high quality but ok for the money for now .
This is a great product! I'm using it for some items on top of a bookshelf (I have a 2.5 year old and didn't want items falling on them). It does make the item stand off the surface a bit, but that's to be expected.
This product works as intended however, you will need to take your time when installing to prevent tearing it.
Other then a small dent in the back that I fixed this is a nice mailbox. It's a good size for Amazon shoppers!
We needed a light for our piano that would give an elegant look. This light does the job! Plenty of light without being overpowering. For the purpose, it's perfect.
Working great so far. Have some difficulty with the corner pieces, it's hard to slide on the second side after you do the first. Everything else about the installation went pretty well, got it done in an hour or less.
Works well for its light weight and compactness.
So far so good - I'm not giving a 5 because I just got the filters and installed them a couple days ago, so I don't have a longer term perspective on them yet. The air and water filters fit just well just like the original factory units. Great price compared to the cost of buying these filters at the local hardware stores.
MUST HAVE ! Upgraded all my dim ceiling fans from Candelabra bulbs to standard bulbs.
They are very pretty but a bit wobbly. Look very nice on lamps.
Super cute. But the light bulb fell off in a Week. Love knowing right away which chain to pull
I liked how the color schemes were but after a couple minutes of putting it up on the wall it fell off, i had to put double side tape.
Seems to work, feels really cheap. The sound wasn't as loud as I would have wanted either.
3 of the 4 are great. One of the bulbs barely works
Does exactly what it says it will. Patches screens. Very visible, so if you want to have a flawless screen, replace it.
Good and timely arrival thanks
The water pressure is heavier than needed for a shallow bathroom sink and faucet does not have enough slant for all water to drain, therefore watermarks are always present
I like this but the hand held is a bit hard to remove
Oh boy, this is a good product and my toilet is doing very well now (been about 6 weeks since I rebuilt it with this kit). But the actual rebuild process is NOT for the faint of heart. Taking apart my toilet and removing the old flush kit was really demanding and I don't recommend it - whoever installed my old one overtightened every locknut - but a lot of people overtighten stuff and you'll probably encounter the same. I had to melt and break the big plastic locknut below the tank, it simply could not be removed by hand (and nobody has a wrench that big!). Once all that is done, the rebuild with this kit is actually not too bad, and the directions are good. I had to get creative a couple times (nobody has a hacksaw!), but I got through it. The final part, reattaching the tank and whatnot, is actually also tricky because you want to get it even on both sides, water tight, and you probably have other stuff in your bathroom like a sink and a tub and walls and it's hard to get your head in there to see what you're doing. I think I did mine imperfectly, because for the first few weeks there would be a small leak (just a couple tablespoons of water) seeping from between the tank and the base. Not upon flushing, but gradually over 8-12 hours and then I'd give it wipe. I thought I'd have to remove and reattach the tank again, but then the leak just stopped? I guess things evened out with time, gravity and dumb luck. Seriously. A month now with no leaks. Like I said, my toilet works great now. By all accounts it shouldn't. I am *somewhat* handy (building ikea furniture is so much fun! I can change the wiper blades, tires, and tail lights on my car! I own basic tools!)- handier than a typical millennial - and very tenacious, and while I recommend this flush kit, I do not recommend that you install it by yourself unless you are handier than me. Before you say something sexist, I installed this flush kit while 13 weeks pregnant, so I was simultaneously growing a human when I did it, and trust me I still did it better than a lot of men could. But yes I did cry a lot when it parts of the process got difficult :)
This elegant looking filter gives great tasting water from our well. We have extremely hard water and, while Berkey makes no claim on softening water, the boiled Berkey filtered water leaves fewer deposits on our kettle. We give this 4 stars instead of 5 because we think there should be some kind of window on the lower chamber to show when the filtered water is low.
did exactly what was needed... and the metal backing plate should be standard for the furniture manufacturers.... because then this would never be an issue! Glad these exist... dresser is like new again!
Matches with whole collection, I would say it is kind of pricey but I did not have another choice(((
They wear down but they work for exactly what I need. Great price!
The seat is not an expensive seat but a good replacement. It was so easy to install, so I was happy not to have to call a handyman or building superintendent.
Works well as a good shop light.
good set of lights, but you do get what you pay for...feels cheaply made, but gives a lot of light and they dont weigh much.
Extremely easy to install. Love the different water sprays
The lights were a little smaller than I expected.
I like the fact that it is glass. I should have ordered a 12".
Works very well. A little difficult to set up, but not too bad. I love it. "Alexa, turn on Guest Room light."
these lights are cool white very nice I like them better than the yellow one. works great with Alexa and easy to connect with the app. very nice feature. I had one that did not connect for some reason but overall very happy will buy again.
Worth money, saved a lot of time and paint. One of the cap is not fitted in.
As noted by other reviewers the scent does not last very long. It is very strong at first, but the scent fades quickly. So it goes from overpowering to nothing in a matter of days. However, works well to remove unwanted odors for a short time. I used on my air purifier.
Very quiet. just wished the fans had more power to them.
Works just fine and brightens our bathroom considerably, however, this Cree wasn't made in the USA but in China.
not a bad product i ordered the 48" X 72" 6 pack and they where easy to install! my window openings are not the best for sticky tape to adhere to so i added 3 push pins at the tape site to retain them ...looks great and clean and easy to make a snug fit! mine didn't come with retaining clips to raise them so I'm using binder clips (way to heavy for this product)
Overall pleased with this item. Nice for the price and puts out good light.
I purchased this because we have started doing vinyl work. This really helps pick words and small cuts. My only complain is it does not mount to my table - mount not wide or deep enough. Have mounted it to the back of a chair. Really enjoy being able to adjust light brightness. Takes a little getting use to looking through magnifying glass though.
Loved the buddha - very pretty and the quality cannot be beat for the price. Perfect for outside. I wish the solar lamp worked ! On/off switch is terrible...cannot identify if on or off..had to try it a few days to see if lamp came on. It did, but stayed on for a few seconds only. Love the sculpture -- it would be perfect with a solar lamp that works.
This stuff is great! I had two builder-standard beige-on-beige shower enclosures that I wanted to add a little contrast to, and this was MORE than enough for both showers. It took me about an afternoon to do each shower, and about a month later the stain is going strong. Be careful when applying near porous surfaces, though, it will stain anything that isn't glazed. And it does not stain caulk. I've attached a before/after for reference.
Appears to be all it should be. Suppose to replace it after 7 years. Wish it had a visual indicator of years used.
I bought two of these but one of them had a small leak on the spout. With faucet turned all the way open i have noticed a small spurt of water coming out of the body.
We liked the brightness, but we would like to have had more flexibility with positioning. We are lighting a narrow area and needed to have the light closer to our outside wall to cut down on lighting up our neighbors house.
I think that the sticky part should of been on the other side c-/ so that the crease is on the edge. I just envisioned that the plastic would be stiffer and not so floppy. I would be surprised if it last but it may prove me wrong. It's working on keeping the light out but I don't know if it will keep the cold out. It does look beautiful and it has a really bright white color. Thanks
1/6 light bulb arrived broken
Not quite what I was hoping for, but does the job.
I've use this for LED lighting and they were OK. If they are outside in the cold and you tried to disconnect the connections the plastic will break.
I did receive them on time. Have not used them yet
lights look great, running 2 sets and sometimes they do not sync properly. overall good kit
We had a plumber install this faucet for us since we were switching from a counter mount to a wall mount. Overall we're happy with it although the pressure is quite intense. It feels like it's possibly meant for a tub as opposed to a sink. We still use it for our sink though and haven't had problems.
I wish the grommet pieces were better sorted, but the product is otherwise as expected!
Very nice product, easy to apply.
I bought this for my portable A/C unit. As anyone who has tried to hook up a portable A/C unit which is 5" vent it is hard to find a through the window fitting. Don't bother going to home depot and trying dryer vent stuff, they don't fit. This vent requires a little plastic trimming, you have to cut off the ears and the end but eventually the vent hose fits on. Oh yeah, I had to remove the screen because of the back pressure kept popping my circuit breaker. But after all said and done it works and looks professional.
I would give this product five stars but it can't be on and charging at the same time. My son forgets to plug it back in in the mornings, so that means no charge for the next night.
The flashlight is a good performer at a good price.
These are very pretty at night.
Ordered this product because our oven heating element went out. Rather than purchase a new stove we thought we would try to fix the problem ourselves. Went with this product because it seemed the same as other heating elements that matched our part number and it would get to us the quickest/most economical. Delivery didn't happen on date promised - ended up being delayed for a day, which wasn't a huge deal other than we could've purchased from a different (cheaper) seller and that delivery would've been a day later (the day we eventually gots ours) but we wanted the faster delivery. Easy to install. Have used several times now and still are getting a slight smell when the heating element warms up. We've had 2 different oven thermometers in the oven each time we've used and have discovered that this heating element heats up 25 degrees less that what we set the oven for. Again, not a huge deal since we just set the oven 25 degrees higher than what we want it. I guess it could be an issue if you didn't have an oven thermometer to double check on your temp. The slight delay in delivery and the difference in oven temp are the reasons for a 4 star rather than 5 star rating. All in all, it beats purchasing a new oven! Hopefully the smell will go away with more use and that the oven keeps working.
These work well and are durable.
Great screws that self tap and countersink. The only thing that people have to remember is that since these are self drilling screws they will strip the hole out if you set them quickly. I have not had any of them break and have used almost the entire box.
Very small, but it is good to use one or two times.
I removed the 3/8" o-ring inside the head for more pressure
It was well made, I'm not sure where it was measure 4.25 it was a bit smaller than that. So was disappointed was smaller then planned. That said was exactly as pictured. Was done nicely, the wood didn't have any splinters, discolorations or anything. It worked well for my craft project.
It does well. The directions were a bit lacking. I found a great video on YouTube that got me through it.
The 'flame' is cheesy; it rocks back & forth to mimic a flicker. So far, so good though, it works well.
Truly worked well! We bought these to level work tables in an old factory where the floors were anything but level.. Not exactly what they were meant for.. Nonetheless, have performed admirably
They are nice. Very vintage looking.
This Elmer's Wood Fill was a very good solution for filling three pretty deep scratches to a corner slat of our hardwood floors which were made by our new puppy a few years back. Now that the dog is a bit older and no longer in her 'damaging the house' phase, it was time to fill the holes made by her scratching. This Elmer's wood filler was the first product we tried and it turned out to be a fairly simple, effective and economical product to address the gouges. This filler application was easy; filling the voids with the spackle-like consistency of the filler which was squeezed directly from the tube. Getting it out is a bit difficult because of the filler's thickness, but overall that is a good thing because it does the filling job well. The color looks a bit lighter upon application but it dries darker and after a bit of fine grit sanding and some clear polyurethane as a topcoat, the floor looks almost back to normal. The filler takes about eight hours to dry and sets with a chalky consistency that sands off easily. If I were not aware of the scratches inflicted upon that area by our then new mongrel, I probably would not have noticed them and just thought it were the natural grain of the wood. I have attached BEFORE and AFTER pictures for reference. Overall, this a good product for a very reasonable price as long as the area you are filling is not too large. Good luck.
I followed the directions and put them down in 60 degree weather. They seemed to stick fine when the temperature dropped to 35 for a few days. When it went back up to the upper 50's some of them came off. The ones on the deck were fine but those on the two steps came off. Possibly the steps were damper since hey are on the ground. If they keep me from falling on the slippery deck, I am happy. I will report later how they hold up over time. I cut mine is 10" lengths.
What can I say, they solved my issue easily
Perfect size. Good quality. Need better instructions on securing the gang plates to the notched box itself The screws secure the plates fine to the receptacle but not so obviously to the plastic flip top box over the receptacle.
Only 4 star because this item does not come with a on/off switch. I installed one and works great.
Everything works but one of the remotes got I crack.
The Flood light is extremely bright, I Do Have 6, plus a LED Yard Light. My Yard looks like a stadium at night, which allows my family and dogs to see after Sunset. Why not 5 Stars? This replaced other manufacturer set of 2 lights that failed, I tried reaching out to company and they told me to pound sand. If these last the long haul, why I installed LED lights I will change to 5 stars. Bottom line buy, they are bright small, sleek looking, and easy to wire...
This is a very classy ceiling light! Happy with the purchase! It would be better if they have it in day light.
No more blinding late night lights! Sensors work great and colors are cool. Saves on electric and stops unnecessary middle of the night disturbances.
Very nice fixture. The brightness of the LED bulbs make for plenty of light.
No clue why the would send it sig required. My UPS dood and myself had a good chuckle about that one. PITA for anyone that doesn't hang out at home waiting for furnace filters though.
if you need a replacement lock for your USPS mailbox in your apartment/ condo then this one fits. Don't even bother going to the home improvement stores as they will not carry this particular replacement lock. Why? who knows, but if you need to replace that USPS lock this one should fit, just double check the serial number on your lock and the lock box itself.
wife says color is to white. probably could have ordered warm white,
I liked the easy to use Affresh tablets. Just drop them in. Cleaned washer well. Has a fresh smell.
Installed one above front door and along sidewalk. Very useful. You do need to install at correct angle to get the solar power to work correctly. Good safety feature. Convenient that it comes on when needed and you don't have to remember to "turn on" the light.
so far so good, I am happy with this purchase
Great brushes.. this particular handle is the work of a genius and all premium brushes should offer this style handle.. This brush itself is incredible but for actual every day use as a professional painter cleanup and use over and over over time, they just don't hold up or last like other premium brushes but at a stupid good price like you can find on Amazon, they're worth every penny.. just don't expect months/years of use like you get with a Corona or nice Purdy, high end Wooster.
These bulbs/tubes must be very special. The old ones don't want to quit. I have placed one for checking and it works beautifully. A cleaner light than the fluorescents. Look forward to when the old ones pass away.
very nice finish …
i bought this and i was apprehensive about this product after i read about it not sticking from some of the other reviews here about it falling off after a couple of days or whatever. it works upside down for my usb cables to keep them on the underside of my desktop so i dont' see them.. i got a batch in jan 2019 and it's up over a week already with no problems. i was afraid i'd have to return this product after seeing it was 3m adhesive because they make really poor quality duck tape and thankfully, with this product, it's not the case.
This is a back up for my lamp.
This fit my washer but I was disappointed that it isn't exactly as shown. The white cap doesn't have the normal label just max. The picture is misleading.
Works good. Refrigerator still operating.
Works well for travel to keep things safe during the whole travel experience from while staying at hotel or during the travel. Just don't forget the we're you placed your key.
THE WATER GOES QUITE SLOW BUT IT IS GREAT TO USE.
it's really sturdy especially with the sticky stuff but the holder for the shower head doesn't like to stay put. even if you tighten the screw, it'll move so you may need a towel assist. no big deal for me but may be for someone.
Much better than the wax seals and easier to install.
As toilet seats go, it is comfortable. The only fault is the connections are plastic. So they never quite tighten fully they just kinda squash under the pressure of tightening the nut. Metal connections would have been nicer but I wasn't going to pay $35 Just for that feature.
The best but expensive.
Difficult to setup. Looks very fragile. I hope its filtering
Works well if you don't cut too fast, cuts clean.
The light id nice and bright. The magnification perfect. The adjustable brightness works very well. I use it while building my fishing fishing rods. Its great for seeing the details of my thread wraps when assembling the guides and decorative wraps on the rod blank!
This hose looks great, has a nice weight to it, and is very flexible.
Work well, good quality, nice to look at. My only complaint is that it has a button rather than a switch, so it is impossible to tell what mode it is in when it is not dark. I wish it had a switch of some kind instead of this weird button that is hard to tell if it is activated or not. I also discovered it has three modes, on with motion, off and then on always when dark. There is no way to tell which mode it is in when it is not dark, and you have to cycle the button on and off again to switch. I found this rather frustrating, but otherwise the product is great.
So far so good. Wasn't aware you needed batteries, though, rather than a wall outlet. But once we got that figured out, it has been perfect.
What a nice follow up after purchasing your product! And yes love finding a product that is just as good as an over priced item
Good quality but needs a handle
They were way too bright for the application I needed. Even though they were bright they didn't light the room. To be fair I bought the next to the brightest color and for my application I had to replace my globes with frosted globes and regular bulbs that had frost instead of clear bulbs. I was able to return them with no problem.UPDATE: The company really tried to bend over backwards to help me. They sent me a msg trying to figure out my needs but I had already purchased frosted bulbs locally. They do provide 2 years warranty for their products. They even offered to send me some other bulbs to try but I had already solved my problem. They refunded my money immediately. I believe this is a great company to work with if you can use the Edison style bulbs.
Only 2 remotes! I expected 4. Don't go by pictures. Also, check brightness. These are Low. Packaged in one box with description, yet only two remotes. Edited:. Raised from 2 to 4 stars. Seller saw review and sent replacement. Great customer service.
The silver cap looks like it's silver metal but is actually plastic that will eventually crack and leak due to sun exposure.....after a few years
The battery life is very short always need to take down and recharge. Also they fall frequently from cabinet.
They are cute and all but they are always falling off. Other than that they serve their purpose because my kids like to drag the chair across a tile floor to make as much noise as they can. Purpose served .
lights are bright and work well. Only complaint is that you have to be within a few feet of the sensor for the lights to go on.
Just FYI to potential customers, the "biscuit" version of this seat is a subtle off-white. It isn't the color of the default image when you view the product. If anything the second top-down image is a closer representation of the actual color.
Fit was good real nice for the price!
These were very heavy duty & high quality.
Nice lights. Extremely Hard to set up specially if you have more than one. I have 4 and it took way too long to get them all linked together
Nice lock. A bit sharp on the handle. I filed it a little bit. No instruction.
I feel like it's a weaker light than the 60-watt equivalent bulb I got from another brand, but other than that it's fine. No flickering or buzzing sound.
This might be a bit confusing at first... they are smaller than expected.
Good product. Works great. However the hookup is 1/2 inch to the water supply. I supply/faucet 3/8 inch hookup so I had to do some experimental work to get the thing hooked up. It works fine and no leaks. The battery supplied is a mystery as the instructions do not mention it. Figured put where to put it but don't know what it does.
Good set of washers for odd jobs.
Takes a long time to dry. Unfortunately it wasn't able to work for my project, but it was worth a shot.
Havent installed them yet but they seem to be made well. Like the look! Update : they are a bit challenging to install and sit off the cabinet but I still like them. Keep in mind the photo is a bit deceiving on color. They are just about black. Thought I was getting more a a grey forged metal look but...like them anyway
Very good lamp, works as described. Perfect size for the location
Helpful on my trip to the UK. The computer chargeing ports are a nice extra
I'm slowly replacing the builder grade floor registers in our home with these beautiful registers. I'll give 5 stars for the aesthetic, but 4 for the noise of air blowing. Even with the baffle open completely you can hear when the heat or air kicks on. It's not super annoying but I'm trying to get used to it in the bedroom. If you like "white noise" you might prefer it. Otherwise, these fit perfectly and look so much nicer.
Like what others have said, if you're pairing with a Google Home, make sure to use the "Smart Life" app and not the app that is specified in the instructions. Easy to pair, makes my life so much easier.
A fantastic light for the money. Sure does the job. My only issue is I wanted to activate it just by the remote. It is a little hard and has to be pushed several times but it does work. I do recommend this light. Easy install and nice bright light.
looks nice , have not installed it yet. looks high quality.
Good quality, pleasantly surprised for the price. Would buy again.
So, my little poodle is now 15 and a half years old. Her hearing is going, and more importantly (for this review), her sight is going. I have to make large arm movements when she comes into a room so she'll know where I am. I had a different night light for the last 8 years in the hall - when we ran into each other and it scared her so bad she hid for hours, I decided it was time to upgrade. She still has a great attitude, other than being scared of humans that come out of the dark, so I wanted her to be comfortable in her own home. These nightlights are perfect. They provide enough light for her to see the entire hallway, without being too bright or overwhelming. THe light doesn't reach too far into my bedroom, so my sleep isn't disturbed. She certainly seems more confident. That's my entire review: whether or not it helped my little old lady poodle. Which it did, without waking me. Just put them out, so i can't speak to endurance.
Perfect, just what I was hoping for. Very bright.
Gorgeous light, I only wish it had a dimmer.
same as the factory pins we replaced.
Bought this as a gift for my mother to use as a night light. Very pretty lighting and the unit feels solid and well made.
looks great, but have yet to use them......as long as they last, I will upgrade the review later.
In a world full of phones and tablets, this seams crazy. But we have a plethora of Disney DVDs from our late in our childhood and form othe family. So this is great to play them on, for vacation car rides and hotel rooms that may not have dvd player.
Can slide off the tiled floor
They are nice, I was expecting better quality for pricey lights. Also the photo looks like a gun metal grey (grey black) and they are 100% black
I bought two packs and there was only 8 in each. I only needed 8 so that worked out.
These were perfect as decorations at my wedding, I loved that it added a little extra lighting and once they were up they were perfect, but be warned putting the lights and the fishing wire together was a pain in the butt!
Great looking sink, good value for the money. Sink glass is a green hue and well packaged.
Hand made ceramic sand dollar and love it
This LED upgrade to Maglite was super easy to install, just unscrew the sleeve on Maglight holding bulb and substitute this one. Took all of 2 minutes. That being said, I'd prefer if they sold it without supplying a duplicate sleeve since the existing one works fine, and cost could be reduced. Also since the LED produces a "spot" source of light, turning the head on my old Maglite does change the focus of the beam, but not in the same way as the original incandescent bulb. So, there is an outer "halo" all the time and a more empty spot in the middle at points of the focus.
A little larger than regular candelabra, so can be a tight fit depending on your particular installation. However, the bulbs work great and are bright.
Product is excellent, high grade SS. However, when drilling holes to mount the hasp, it is very difficult to get the holes exactly positioned and they need to be exactly positioned in order to close the hasp.
Not quite as brite as I had hoped.
Works great in my Kohler low profile toilet. Used it to replace the original fill valve which never worked that well and did not fit well in the tank. Only negative is that this does not include the fill tube which seems like it would be easy to include.
This was an easy job for what I had to work with. The shower lights are cool.
I like that it is three pronged. What I don't like is that the light on the switch only comes on when the switch is turned on. Since it is used for a light, it would be better if the light was on when it is off making it easier to see in the dark. So far the light is working but I have had other switches where the light worked for a while then never worked again. Hopefully, the switch light will continue to work, I just wish it worked differently for my application.
Works pretty well for us
The product was a gift for my mother. She was really very thankful and glad with the product. My father was the one that installed the faucet and said that seems very good, related to quality, but does not comes with the installation instructions. At least he had experience on this kind of installation and was able to put all as was supposed to be. He said that the installation was easy and the type of construction can be more resistant to the mold than others.
Nice product as advertised, bright enough to cover small area
I a great little light for my reading. It is cute, flexible, bright and makes for a great book mark too.
I bought this and a Shoulder Dolly for a recent move. I found this item to not work nearly as well as the Shoulder Dolly. Something about it still using your arms to lift that limited the size of the load. It wasn't too bad for carrying boxes, but I ended up preferring use of a standard dolly/hand truck to do most of that work. I recommend you spend the extra money for a strap system that uses more of your legs and shoulders than this does.
Bought 2 for my master bath. They are wonderful and heavy weight, not at all flimsy. Do note that they will stick out from your wall 5 inches from wall to farthest part of lower hook. I also purchased matching towel bar and towel rings. Very nice quality.
Very bright. I am using this as a lighting source for some UV art and the mounting bracket with the long cord was perfect for my use. I wouldn't recommend holding it for extended periods of time as it tends to get a bit warm. Great for the price.
Good bulb just a little dim but i should have known from the wattage
Only reason I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 was because there are dents in the base of the lamp which I was bummed about when I received it, but not enough to return it. It was very easy to set up and look incredible.
Seems to work, fit perfectly!
Really good shower head in terms of water spray and pressure. Easy installation. I just wish that the "adapter" piece that actually threads on to the pipe was not this awful grey color. If you spend the money and effort to coordinate fixtures in color, it is disappointing to have this ugly gray item visible. Magnet works great.
Quiet operation and subdued, blue LED interior light make this an excellent pistol safe to bolt in the drawer of a bed-side night-stand. If the pistol is in a holster like a Glock 19, you'll only be able to hold one (1) handgun with room for a few spare magazines, definitely not two (2) handguns.
It is really bright.
Wish text was bigger, but it has a lot of words to fit on sign. This is a good message to get the trough traffic to slow down. Next step.... speed bumps.
Great product for the price, but the mail sign fell off within a few days of install. Only attached with double stick tape, should be attached with screws.
Easy to install, mailbox looks sturdy so it should be a good deterrent.
Looks great in my son's office
Good need to solder connection better but overall Awesome
This is a beautiful lamp. Heavy, easy to put together. Love the porcelain piece on it and the swing arm. The color of the base to me is quite unusual, but am quite pleased with the color, it's not the norm in colors. Would definitely buy again. Quality is good and light out put is low to medium as I only use cfl bulbs for energy saving.
I love them, they work as I expected.
Ordered 18 of these lights to replace aging halogen outdoor landscape lights. All arrived in proper working order. The color options are terrific, which is great for changing colors for various holidays. My only dissapointment is that the white option is not really white. Several other colors show up with the white setting. If you want true white as one of the color options, dont buy these (my reason for taking one star away from the rating). They have held up very well over the four months I've had them installed, and the remote for changing color of the lights is fantastic. Blue, green, and red colors are the most vivid, and the various shades of these colors provide some interesting options. Pinks, purple, and aqua/teal colors are some of the more interesting shades. Yellow and orange shades are ok as well. I do like these very much and would purchase again, but I am exploring some other lighting to add with these that would give me a true white color.
Met my needs even though one of the brush handles broke after painting just one room. Also the rollers became very porous forcing me to use more elbow grease and paint more slowly while using the rollers -- just to prevent bubbling on the walls and get a even and smooth finish.
Works good, had to cut the bottom ring because the holes in my counter were to close together. Only 2 problems. First when installing it you have to bend the pipe out of the way on the bottom of the faucet because the hose cant fit to screw it in, I was afraid of breaking it but it worked fine. And second, the red and blue dots wont stay in. But it works good and looks nice
I have to use tape to make it more stable, because I use it to cover door seam, when I open and close the door, it may split apart.
I liked that there were no holes in the drop cloth when I received it in the mail. I was able to cut it to the size that I needed to keep the bottom of my terrarium clean from soil that could have stained the epoxy resin coated wood. It has done a great job. The only problem I had with the drop cloth was that it was not cut square. I had to cut extra plastic to get it to be square for me. Besides that it works great. It wasn't that bad of a problem just because it was not square. It couldn't find any more problems with it. It is a good price. You can use it for painting small areas or for painting furniture. You can use it for waterproofing a small outdoor landscaping pond only if you make sure to use silicone to insure that crease joints will be waterproof. It can be used as a tarp or an water director to direct water away from areas that are being washed out. It is inexpensive and is worth buying for any job that involves painting, dry wall, staining, epoxy resin coating, etc.
Works great. Used this to secure a microphone for my stereo in my car as well as some other things. Seems to hold well until the car starts getting hot from sitting. At that point it still holds but gets kinda stretchy. Will see what happens this summer since I live in Phoenix.
Enjoy being hands free while getting water.
It arrived cracked to purchase another,otherwise good
The product was easy to install. I noticed right away the water felt softer. To me it's worth every penny just for that. However noticing the difference in the water assured me the filtration stacking in the cartridge is working. Great product and worth trying.
Fits perfectly in Kenmore elite side by side. Works just as well as the oem filters.
I ordered this kit to use for when I was painting the bedrooms in our house. So far it has worked out wonderfully. I love how the kit has all the basic items you need for repainting a room and it was really nice that it came with two rollers. I would recommend and will also buy this product again if I have to do any repaint projects.
Easy to use,works perfectly!A great thing as a good bed light for me.The adjustable head makes me much more comfortable while lying in bed reading.LOVE IT !
This thing works great, but you have to know the trick... Unscrew the plug section (counter clockwise) from the drain. Hold the top (colored) part of the drain in one hand, and screw (in or out) the bottom (white) piece with your other hand, and replace. Adjust to properly seal your drain. I had to screw mine all the way in (clockwise) to get the stopper to seal correctly. If it does not seem to screw in or out for you, try very lightly pulling on the white piece as you screw in or out. Note: no tools needed for this. Also, I am no professional - SO FOLLOW AT YOUR OWN RISK. This is good information for those who are use to having a twist and lift type plug - because family members will continue to try to twist/unscrew this plug - over time, this may keep the plug from sealing correctly.
The bulbs arrived on time and worked as expected. These bulbs can be pricey, but I got them for a very good price and I am quite satisfied.
Very strong construction. We just used this on one of our doors!
Before installing a wired under-cabinet lighting system in my kitchen, I wanted to see if my family would actually use them and how it would look. I ordered these and they arrived well packaged / protected. As I expected, and as everyone should note before ordering, each puck takes 3 AAA batteries. The two included remotes already have batteries installed. So, you'll need 18 AAA batteries which cost roughly $15 USD to purchase. The adhesive disks will only work as well as the surface you attach them to. If you are trying to attach to a grease tainted cabinet bottom, they won't work. The surface must be really smooth, and really clean. Overall, the lights and remotes work as described.
These doors are perfect for dividing but they around the same thickness as a blanket. i would buy again if i needed to divide another room.
Problems with threads but company send replacement. Faucet is really nice for the price.
These are a great replacement for the small snowman we have in our windowsill. We got a electric shock, however, when plugging in the cord. There is a small fuse in the plug itself that blew. Now we need to find another one of the tiny fuses.
Easy to clean. Not sure why but I seem to break more stemware with this grate versus a standard one with sides.
Not very much product in the can.
The lights are good price and do what they are to do, great lighting for my shop. The motion sensors work but would be nice if could set the delay time it is preset and can't be changed.
Works fine. A little pricey for what it is.
My dryer is working again. The first one I got was faulty. They refunded my money the second one I purchased worked like charm.
Works as good as the one I had for 25 years
Use them if I tailor my bike. Sturdy, yet not cumbersome
Love the USB port. Do not like the white cords. Came with one of the two required light bulbs.
I got my package delivered but one of lightbulbs were broken
I have used this product before & it works very well. This came with a broken bottle & all the liquid dried out. Just threw away $14.00
This filter is working very well.It is priced good,I am very pleased.
This stuff does exactly what it says it does.. Removes tough bathtub scum and grime
Bought it for an upcoming trip and super excited. Seems it'll work great.
I bought 4 pack of 54 LED Solor lights at Oct 24, 2018 but recently one of them doesnot work. How can I get warranty? There is no customer service department number or email. I checked that the product had 24 months warranty when I bought it. Please help me!
Item is as stated but fits a little cheaply on the unit not exactly a snug fit.
Great product, only wish the battery lasted a little longer and the candle effect was more pronounced
As mentioned by many others, the water drains MUCH slower in my sink with this thing installed as a replacement for the factory baffle. The answer, as others have said, is to do some strategic trimming of the opening to help with drainage. It's still not perfect, but for the price, it beats uninstalling or replacing your entire garbage disposal. I'm going to buy another one just to have it around, b/c, as I learned once, if you don't set in in the sink properly, it may get sucked into the disposal when you turn it on. Watch that.
Everything works just fine. 2 months in with no issues to report.
Nice design and you get a good amount for what you're paying for. They're meant to last and even my husband wasn't able to open them when he tried it out so no need to worry about a child opening the cabinets. Wish it came with an actual manual but the video tutorial was just fine as well.
Nice style lamp with decent funtionality and good sound - especially for the price. The only thing lacking quality is the silly app. But I am very happy with this thing!
The product looks nice and works good for what I need it for. I found it easy to install, but the inside knob seems to be a little wiggle. Otherwise it is a good unit for the money. The little wiggle doses not bother me as long as it does not get any worse. Thanks.
Works as advertised. It should be highlighted that the install requires a deep electrical box in the wall.
I brought this light for my daughter and she loves it. There's different colors or if you want regular light it even better you can change the setting it brightens her room well
Nice product just what I expected 👍👍
My 1951 house doesn't have a ground wire so it wouldn't work unfortunately. Quality seemed good though.
I like this projector because it has so many slides to choose from for just about any holiday or occasion. At times, the slides can look blurry if you are too far away from the area you are pointing it at, so I wouldn't suggest using it for your whole house like some of the pictures show. I used the thanksgiving slide this weekend when I had family over, and it worked great inside with dim lights.
Works well, wish it were brushless for a little more power. Does bog down once hot, but lets face it, this is a cheap tool.
Thicker than I needed, but a lot of it for the cost. Great!
I use this brush for dust control, works great on cameras and organ keyboard.
I like this product and it looks good over my desk.
The covers are absolutely beautiful!!! I gave 4 stars because the screws are short and a real pain to put in, but everything fits nicely in the end.
A matte finish, covers well, making next spray coat easier and uses less paint.
Works good and inexpensive brand name for spare batteries for car's remote. I put in refrigerator to store it which makes it last.
It is a great light to play some music and hang out with friends in the apartment. The lights are amazing with the different patterns. Also there is Bluetooth and music play. Would have been much better if it had long wire to plug in.
Love these screws, would be nice if they came in more lengths and stainless steel. The threads are very sharp and will drill through wood easily. I keep a few of these screws around just to use for predrilling holes for other screws!
Serenity Blue color was disappointing. It is a very pale baby blue, not what I expected based on the color on the can. What I learned from this experience is that Home Depot sells base chalk paint that you can have mixed to your color choice! A much better option. I have included a picture, the chair on the left is the paint color I wanted, a greenish blue, that I had made at Home Depot . The chair on the right is Serenity Blue. In general, the Rust-Oleum paint dries pretty quickly, which can be nice but you can't really go back and retouch at all until it's dry as doing so makes the paint clump and even pull away from the surface. I found the HD paint much easier to use. If online ordering is your only choice this is an “OK” product, otherwise I recommend making a trip to HD or other store and pick your color in person.
Haven't installed yet, so can't really say.
Exactly as described, came in a timely manner and were well packaged. Will order again.
Very easy to install and locks tight.
Oh yeah, it's a hook. You can hang most things from it.
I ordered this tape to cover some holes in my screen slider that were caused by chairs on the balcony rubbing against it. It covered the holes and provided a layer of protection, hopefully. It was easy to apply and time will tell how well it works in the long run.
These are not comfortable in the hand, but they were cheap and worked. If I had to use them regularly, I would buy something nicer.
It was a mistake, it was cover by papers thanks
Works nicely but sometimes falls off.
Very bright, but no data supplied so you'll have to figure out by trial and error how much current they draw to be able to connect several.
If a rep from this company sees this please reach out, I ordered this 4 pack of jars and 3 of them work marvelously. The 4th one never worked. The light output is ok the dinner side, but they look great.
I used this unit for my Chamberlain garage controller to use with Alexa. I took one of my garage remotes apart and soldered two wires to it and connected it to the relay. Printed a case I got from Thingiverse and scaled it up to 120% to fit everything . Works great!
These look so nice over the island in my kitchen. 4 stars instead of 5 because it was kind of a pain the butt to install.
Wonderful product. We don't have a headboard with our new bed. These allowed us to have shelves for cell phones and glasses. Quite easy to mount to the wall. Just follow the instructions. With command system it can be removed and relocated easily.
I read in reviews and the product description about the moisture content in the safe and how the manufacturer recommends airing it out. My mom owns the same safe and has not had any issues with this (we are in the same house) but mine does need to be aired out every once in a while. I had unsealed envelopes that sealed themselves while in the safe which I think is odd. I kept the silica packet that the safe comes with and that seems to help a bit. Other than that the safe works great and seems very secure.
Very good. Worked perfectly.
Ok, not my first radio show. Kiddie has been making these like forever . With that said... took me a bit of time. The thing kept chirping. Why. Well I will tell u why. I put the batteries in wrong. Both posts really look just a tiny bit different in size. Well, didn't see the fine print. Remove the battery and push down on the reset button for about 10 seconds to drain all power from the board. Then re install the battery. Test again when installed in place. With that said all is good.
Very pretty - would have liked the solar panel to have been a little higher so you could choose your height when putting them in the ground.
Actually too bright for a lot of rooms.
I don't like the second delay when turning lights on. Other than that they worked great!
It's a but bulky, especially on the side that has batteries. However, it works like charm and does not consume much batteries as other pass code locks thanks to its mechanism of engaging/disengaging the bolt, which consume very little amount of energy compared to the ones that move the whole bolt in and out.
Good price Great value and I have not encountered any problems with these transmitters, a direct replace for some of the older Craftsman models very satisfied.
I bought these while living in a house that had ungrounded two-prong outlets. I wasn't comfortable using adapters everywhere, and for certain things they were impractical. Personally, I used these for my PC equipment and kitchen Appliances. Build quality, they're okay, they have a lightness to them that makes you doubt their quality, but functionally they worked just fine. The flat angle plug was nice, and the USBs were used to charge phones and power lighting, with no qualms. I've since gotten rid of them (Donated to local thrift store) but they served just fine while we needed them.
Reasonably priced, quality product. I paid a little more for the name brand because of the importance of the service. This should do what it is supposed to - it's just fine but not outstanding. It came in a bubble envelope and the box was smashed. Not enamored with the packaging but that's not the product's fault.
First, you don't need to attach the ceiling as the instructions indicate or the video shows. You can simply attach the silver plate to the junction box. Also, I installed without using the rods. Secondly, the light bulbs supplied are 40 watt Vintage Bulbs and can barely cast a shadow. Wish they didn't supplied them and knocked $15-$20 off the price. Will be buying regular 40 watt dimmable bulbs.
Nice angry fish for my pontoon boat.
These things are Great! Just as described. I masked off the lights, solar panel and sensor and painted them white. Easy installation, although the screws provided in the units I received did not have heads large enough to work with the bottom hangers. No worries, 4 screws with larger heads and they mounted securely. Units are on low (dim) until the sensor detects someone (even my dog can trigger them) is in the vicinity, then they come on Hi, later dimming to Lo. Very reasonable price, especially if they last for a reasonable amount of time. I like these lights so well I have now ordered twenty of them! I keep finding new places I want to put them. I received one defective unit out of the 20 I have ordered. The company responded quickly to my communication and has promised to replace the defective unit, but at this writing I have not yet gotten the replacement.
These were shipped fast and priced right for my salt lamp. They are bright, but not too bright when they shine thru the salt, which has a pinkish hue...makes a perfect light when I need to get up at night.
You only get high pressure if you remove the built-in flow restrictor. Nevertheless, it's much better than the shower head that it replaced.
Easy to re-key as you install them. Wife wanted lever, so she got lever. Finish very nice and says it has an anti-bacterial finish. We have five regular doors so keyed alike means one key, or two if you want to do the deadbolts for another key. Now onto the next project. Sliding doors.
The goggles are amazing. honestly I don't see a need to wear the mask in US cities. I assume it's great for Asian countries with congested cities and dirty air. BUT I will use the mask in sanding my projects and it will come in handy to protect in dusty situations. The goggles fit fantastic, comfortable and clear lens is a great plus.
I have bought from Parmida before and have been very happy with their product. My other lights were 4" gimbals so they were a bit different visually. These work great, but I think they look like cheap plastic (which they are). They are installed so I will live with them, but had I seen them before I would have chosen something that looked more quality.
great value. They fit, they were reasonably priced, and they arrived quickly.
I had one go out about 9 months after purchase. It was replaced by seller (after some run around). Now the second light has gone out. This one is in my vivarium running about 12 hours a day at 80 deg F and 70% humidity. Maybe it can't handle the conditions. Maybe I need to change to T5 tubes instead of these light. When they work they are bright and the plants were doing well under the light.
THE NAILS ARE NICE, BUT WHEN I GOT THEM THEY WERE ALL OVER THE PLACE, THANK GOD THE COVER STAYED SHUT
Works as intended on my 5 gallons fish tank
This lamp is nice and bright, and we're keeping it. But is black, not even remotely bronze.
After opening the box and looking at the plastic looking bulb I wasn't sure about this purchase. I put The bulbs in my exterior lights turn it on and was amazed at how wonderful it looks. Very happy with the way it mimics a gas light
These are obviously very inexpensive master locks. The quality is average. But I'm happy with my purchase. They do exactly what they're supposed to do lock my cases to keep kids out. I have not experienced the same problems as other reviewer‘s with the lock changing combinations. The lock is easily to program and use.
Not very bright but really nice glow.
Very well packaged. Heavy but not as pink as other lamps that I've bought. Light also doesn't light up the upper half because it's so big but overall, would recommend.
Easy to set up. One strand didn't work but not a big deal. Love the look.
Battery doesn't last long. But good camera.
It fit my stove but not exactly like the manufacturers. It works, slow to heat but acceptable.
Be careful when tightening the fittings, especially the fittings in the Tankless heater, ensure you use a wrench to hold the fitting there not to twist off or damage the copper fitting piping inside the heater. And use the right size wrench and not pliers or channel locks, because you can damage or round off the the edges of fittings. Phasing the fittings is easy to get the alignment you need.
Very bright, lights up entire backyard very pleased with product
easy to install but only comes with one set of tanks bolts. really absurd that they only include two and tell you to reuse the old ones or buy new. most tanks need more than two bolts
This bidet is really easy to install and the use. This is the second time that I bought that. The only problem that after one year start to leak.
Good security sensor for the money.
Except for the for startup leaks. Everything worked has advertised.
I like the audio quality. Unfortunately the speakers don't all sync up on bluetooth.
I ordered two of these bulbs for my guest room where I can control room color as per my need. It has remote control which makes it very continent to operate. I love the feature that I can set light to turn off automatically itself after certain hours. Little bit bigger in size than what I was expecting and light is not that bright. Overall great bulbs .
They are really cute hanging from our tree I brought 2 pkgs. I wish it included a timer, since you manually have to switch the battery control off. It says 9 times to hit button to turn off. It is 8 times. The lights go inside the hat, so had to safety pin to inside top of hat. I still would recommend.........
Work well. seems to be holding up well also, Gary J.
When I ordered the bellows, the shipping time was listed as 7-10 days, but the product arrived in 4 days. Was I surprised!
Just as advertised but came dented due to possible shipping. Only four stars because it arrived dented due to lack of proper packing and the door knob which keeps it shut does not do such a great job doing so. Which means the door after one shuts it will fall back down via wind or gravity.
It was a little bit of a chore to install but it seems to be heating up. Unfortunately my dryer is still not drying so either I got a defective unit or I have another issue. Wish they were cheaper because I felt like there was nothing to the unit.
Update: Torchstar sent me two replacements to test. Unfortunately, the experience is the same, but I appreciate the good service. +1 star for service. If you aren't obsessed about light quality, you will be happy with these. Overall, these are great, but unfortunately they are not consistent between batches in color temperature. One that was ordered separately is more purple than the others which looks odd. Overall, I would buy these again though.
Product is as expected.
I like the product. I hung it a little differently with my own additions. It's not the size as shown in the picture. it's much smaller, so you'll probably want additional wall stickers to fill it out. Just hung it, so I'm not sure yet if ill have any issues with it sticking yet. Pro: good price, Con: took forever, came late
It's a little fragile, but that is to be expected. It works great though.
Love this product, used in our pantry that did not have an overhead light. Setting up the motion sensor and timing was a struggle to dial in and make sure to clean the area with before you apply the tape. It tends to peel off if there is any tension on the cord, so we wrapped a portion of the cord around a nail which helps out.
Manufacturer send the WRONG color; I ordered black and got white. Still, the white works and these look great for the money. They go on tight but stay put after a bit of twisting work. I would order them again.
It sticks pretty well but once my daughter turns on her ceiling fan, her posters eventually fall.
These are a bit pricy, especially when they are essentially only a passthrough connector and can be found elsewhere for half the price. If these were $10 or so I would give this 5 stars.
Just what I needed for my garage, very bright! Don't look at the leds you will see spots!
Good product, I gave it a 4 star as the instructions was a little hard to understand. But being a DIY'r. Figured it out quick. Would buy more.
Love the door bell the only problem is that it doesn't glow in the dark.
I had to enlarge the slot for the hasp eye to go thru as it would not close. Other than that it's very good quality.
Had problems with the wifi & had to return it.
This worked well for us. It was a bit inconvenient taping together each section though.
The trims are very good and the gimbal is easy to adjust but the only problem is when you install them on a fresh painted white ceiling the trim looks very yellow. They have an almond color to them. Luckily the homeowner never complained otherwise that would been an expensive replacement
Allows a shortie like me (just over 5 feet tall) to easily roll a 9 foot tall wall. The handle does occasionally get a little loose but that may have been the fault of the roller, not the extension pole, and it's easy to tighten as you go so not a biggie.
Cheaply built. Works great for the price. Does not hold up for more than 3 to 4 years in the shower.
These lights are beautiful, bright, or dim if you want, and easy to install. Great value for the price. A pretty big downfall is that if you don't know where the remote is, you cannot use them as they don't work by touch. Also, you can install them in separate rooms if you want but then if the remote is not there you can't use it. I'll keep these and use them in the kitchen but probably won't buy them again.
I have used this paint in the past and it's good but it had exploded in the wrapping when I got it this time.
It is real function like it described, and easy to be installed. Only issue I don't feel so comfortable is that the Lock tongue has only one which is easy to be open by plastic cards from seam between door and frame.
Poor quality, cracking and chipping. You get what you pay for.
The first shipment was broken, but a second was sent very quickly and looks beautiful.
Does a pretty good job of cleaning most stuff. Doesn't break up grease totally, still need to scrub hard.
I bought a house with 6 can lights in the kitchen filled with ugly CFL bulbs ranging from daylight bluish hue to a semi-warm hue. It was serviceable, but what a difference it was putting these in. The warm light reflects nicely off of my cabinets and my kitchen looks much less industrial and much more inviting. My only complaint, and it's a small one (no pun intended) is that these lights LOOK like they are replacements for your standard 3.5" flood light, but they are much smaller, more like the diameter of a standard light bulb while having the shape of the flood you are replacing. It still works for my purposes. It's bright enough, and I like the warm color. Plus the built-in reflector of the can light housing helps the aesthetic, but the smaller bulb takes some getting used to when you're used to seeing the bigger ones.
It did not work in my situation but the doorstop was well made with good directions. My gap between the door and threshold was too wide and my floor with a thin door mat on top was too high. I ended up installing a thin oak threshold over my existing threshold and it solved the problem and looks fine. The threshold works ok but it only raises up 3/8 of an inch or so not enough to solve my original dilemma
starting a mower shop and these will help me see to do the job
This was my second Schlage lock. The first lasted 7 years until the lock kept me locked out of the house. This lock was shipped in an unsealed box (no tape) and the second key was missing. Good product.
Serves it's purpose but it had a bright blue light which annoys me.
Works well but the rubber stoppers that go on the toilet seat fall off very easy and the water stream comes out of the gap between the bowl and seat.
the actual light mode "Warm" is plenty bright but i feel when its on color mode it looses its brightness. the app works as it should but could use A LOT of improvement
It was a gift for my granddaughter!!! She loves it!!! Great quality!!!
As with other people, the can sprayed a stream instead of a mist with I received it. I tried cleaning the nozzle with warm water, with no change. However, it was cold when the can was delivered and it was outside for some time. After about 8 hours in the warm house, I decided to try again and it sprayed like a charm. Time will tell how well product works.
I use this rope for tree work and have put it under more than 2000 lbs of tension. Very durable. One difficulty, when the knots you tie are subject to heavy loads they are difficult to untie. Not impossible, but difficult.
I was surprised that the smoke detector came with 9 volt batteries supplied. The installation was fairly straightforward and requires a drill with a 3/16" drill bit to drill holes for drywall anchors, and then to install the mounting bracket. I was disappointed to see that this smoke detector did not fit in the previous Kiddie smoke detector ceiling bracket that I had.
These little lamps are great I only gave them a 4 because one of the cords does not work but if they send me a replacement it would be a 5
As promised Very adequate . Works well
Bought for daughters room. Looks good and she loves it. She is three. It's a smaller room so it works well. I would not put this in s larger room though.
Cannot tell they are plastic. Seem heavy duty. I don't have them in an area where they will be stepped on or hit. Very nice looking
Elegant design. Easy to assemble. I did not use the base plate and it proved difficult to tighten to the single hole granite. Also, the water supply lines provided were not long enough to reach the wall valves. Adaptors and hose extensions were expensive.
I haven't used it yet, therefore I can't honestly say much about it. It's small, it is what I expected by the looks of it but I can't fully rate it.
It's ok. Serves the purpose.
Bought these to put on my boat compartment lids. They were easy to install and extremely cheap to purchase. Work great.
The on/off button not work at all. It always on and I couldn't turn it off. But the sensor does work. So far so good with me.
I placed this unit at the top of driveway about 300ft from the receiver and after 3 months it has only failed to detect one time. Purchased this after returning and cheaper unit that worked about 60% of the time but this model is very dependable and highly recommend it...
Provided Light bulbs are very dim. Very easy to install. Fan works well.
TO EXPENSIVE BUT SUPER PRODUCT
To whom it may concern; I have not had the opportunity to use this product due to weather conditions. I will be trying to remove a rust stained area in the bottom of my pool. I feel confident this will work for me . Your expedient delivery was appreciated. Thank you Bill E.
This is a very solidly built handheld spray and heavier than expected. The design weakness comes from the hose attachment. The hose attachment threads are made out of plastic and the flow restrictor appears to be integrated. If the threaded connector were made out of metal and had a removable flow restrictor, I'd give this a perfect 5.
It did help with hard water. But only about 50%. I would say for the cost of this filter it was as expected. It was also easy to install.
Not bad for the price. Not a high end brush for sure but it was never meant to be.
These locks are good. It's a bit difficult to unlock because of how long it is but it's ok, I get it done.
Only problem was that you had to open both side doors before you can open the center door otherwise very good product
My kids think there cool
Feel like am at a nice hotel!
I love the shape of this lamp and it was packaged in perfect condition. I wish say I HATE the lighting! Do not buy this if you're looking to light a room, it's more like a spotlight but quite bright and focused which makes it uncomfortable. I will try different bulbs. It is however a thing of beauty and I love the way it looks!
The utility shelf was easy to install as simply remove the faceplate on the wall and put shelf over plug and re-attach the faceplate.
A little harder to bend than expected, but these were perfect for music festival.
I just opened the box and the edge was dented. Also the sink bottom grid doesn't lay flat, I think it's a bit curved. I'm towards the end of a kitchen remodel and of course this would happen. It is truly a beautiful sink but make sure you buy early and check the box ASAP. Think twice about buying the set too. I didn't realize that the drain cover is not for disposals. I had to buy another for $40.
From the picture on Amazon they look bigger. Maybe I just missed the sizes. The smallest ones are only about 1/8 of an inch and the largest are only 3/8 of an inch in size. The middle ones are about 1/4 inch in size. They seem to be made of good quality. Made by 3M. Time will only tell if they hold up or not.
July 20, 2019 When I first installed the Nexx I couldn't get anything to work. A quick check with Nexx found that there were two iOS apps and the one I was instructed to use in the documentation that came with the Nexx was incorrect. After downloading the proper app things went pretty well. I really dislike the fact that a code must be used to open the door with the Echo. I dislike it so much I rarely use my voice to operate the door. I realize it is Amazon's fault because they require a code be used--it is not optional as it is in Google home--but I don't care. It should be up to me as to whether a code is required or not. It should not be mandated by Big Brother Amazon. For this reason I give the Nexx a 1 star for Alexa integration. === Aug 23, 2019 I've had the unit for a little over a month now and have been using it several times a day without a glitch--until today. It would not open the garage door. If I manually (with the wall switch) opened the door or used my car remote to open the door the action was logged in the app but pressing the open/close button in the app had no effect. I reset the Nexx by switching off power to the door opener, waiting 5 seconds, and restoring power. The Nexx operated normally again. Perhaps this 'glitch' is firmware involved. If so perhaps Nexx will eventually fix it. One other thing they could supply is a 'reset' button in the app. That might have solved my problem. I still recommend the unit. I can live with the glitch if it doesn't happen too often.
I was optimistic but unsure about how this product would perform, but it truly worked wonders on my shower drain. It took some back & forth and some maneuvering to get a good chunk of hair out, but the results were fantastic.
Exactly as expected! Recommend!
I used these tube fittings to connect to the waste water of water purifiers, gather them to water the fruit trees.
Works well. Its lighter than I expected, mainly all plastic. If you don't have a very tight connection to the water pipe the weight of the removable shower head tends to cause the whole set up to lean to one side. Also, I didn't notice in the description, but you can't not really operate both heads with any appreciable water pressure, its one or the other.
Handles are much to long making scraping in tight places impossible
This box looks much nicer than most of the plastic boxes. The only fault I have found so far is that the sides are somewhat wavy. I am planning to put reflective take on them and it's likely that the sides will not look flat.
Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the price. It made me feel better right away and I believe it is helping my daughter as well
Love the look and texture of this runner.
Received one that had a dead spot, seller was super helpful in fixing the problem! Ordered 4 strands of these to replace a previous LED setup I purchased from amazon. Very nice that these came with both ends terminated into sleeving, makes me feel better keeping it was waterproof as possible & not having to wire/heat shrink each end. These also included couple termination clips so you can join strands. I had to order those separate when purchasing a different brand. Adhesive seems to stick pretty good. Solder joints look about average for these type of led strips. Color & brightness even across all 4 packages. Really happy with them. Hoping they are durable as well. One side note they start sort of dim and get brighter after 30 seconds or so. I don't know if thats just how these are... didn't happen with a different brand but same setup previously. Only thing I can think is some resistance in the power lines .
Don't let the price of this towel bar fool you, it is a well made bar. I purchased the 33" double bar. The bar that is closest go the wall is smaller in diameter than the other bar. I found the mounting hardware to be on the whimpy side. Both ends of my bar were mounting into studs, so I eliminated the wall anchors and replaced the 4 flat head screws with beefier and longer pan head screws. No problem with clearance when attaching the bar to the brackets. This bar is rock solid on my wall. I gave it 4 stars due to the undersize mounting hardware.
Works well and as it should. Only thing I don't like it that unlike original Dyson chargers it doesn't have the charging light on it so I don't know when it's completely charged, but it gets the job done.
was easy to put up.i have dogs so they have broke the first peg on top already.but the magnet helps hold it shut till i can find a way to fix it.
Wish it was prepared .
Would be better with black plastic.
The lights work as advertised, and light up my room really well. The colors appear as expected. However, the adhesive didn't even stick for more than a few minutes. It stuck fine after using some double stick tape.
Had to use the old base to screw onto the new handle worked but not ideal!
Amazing faucet for the money. !! I would give 5 star if it was better build. Does conserve water, mixing hot and cold great.
So far work great with good cold water. Better than bottle on top
Not too bright, but enough to help me sleep. My only complaint is I'm charging it every 2 days or so. But for the price I got what I wanted.
I bought this as a gift for a friend who hates snakes and its supposed to help ward off snakes in the grass. The belly came undone when I opened the package but I was able to put it right back together. It is a good addition to her yard. As a bonus, there was a one eyed bracelet that came with the package and she was more excited about the bracelet.
Fits perfect and feels like thicker plastic than OEM. Slightly more shiny and polished than the OEM version, but much cheaper alternative.
Not quite what I wanted buy good quality
I was annoyed with the new door closer I installed recently. The initial 8 inches or so of the closing was a seemingly uncontrolled jump. Basically, you had to keep ahold of the door until you, anything you were carrying, and any pets were completely clear of the door. Unacceptable - why do they still make and sell such defective designs? The Touch 'N Hold Smooth product title says it all. The door motion is completely uniform with no initial jump. Smooth as it is, the closing rate is still on the brisk side. I would prefer an overall more leisurely closure rate. However, the closure rate adjustment screw seems only to affect the final 8 inches of the closing. This is reason I have given only four stars in my rating.
added "shoe goo" where cable connects to plugs. maybe this will help it to not separate
Worked good my son is six foot three at 16 this raised it up now he stays in there n clean
Light works great. Wish it had a more standard charge port, like a USB. So it's one more cable I have to have around. But my kids love them, they are great for reading in bed. I like that they are rechargeable.
I am very pleased with the camera, it was easy to install and connecting to the network was simple. I use it to keep an eye on our pets outside and it has been reliable and I have had no problem connecting to it from my iphone
Just not strong enough to withstand my dogs teeth.
I love this lamp. My only wish is that there was a one more dimmer setting
These work fine for lighting in small spaces. I don't know about an entire closet in pure darkness. They fit my needs as additional light for my closets so I like them. Some of them I have to press more than once to turn on/off but other than that they are fine little lights.
It does a good job, initial plastic smell.. but otherwise good for the price.
It came with a dent but works fine...Very handy light over my reading chair
Seems cheaply made but is providing a good solution so far.
Items worked as advertised!
Easy to install. All except one was perfect fit!
Good light, the magnifier is sort of weird looking through it. It would be nice if the bending arm also stretched out.
Heavy duty and sturdy not bad added two more holes per side.
Better than the previous rope I had on my flagpole.
Works good....After a month or 2 it started to spark water to the sides a little...Stil works fine though....And a cheaper replacement then buying a new $250 faucet.
Kind of difficult to set up, but otherwise works fine.
Great doorbell i do recommend to buy if you have a big house.
I would say the outer box is well made and inner section part is poor in quality. Size wise it is perfect what I was looking for just to store couple of extra rechargeable batteries and one charge. It organizes really well and perfect place to hide your unwanted stuff.
Great brush for decking. Definitely cut the time way down from hand brushing and easier on the knees. An adjustable head angle would be an improvement I believe. If I could give 4 1/2 stars for this reason I would. Still a fantastic brush.
I really do like this item a lot BUT the lamp is definitly dimmer when battery operated. As long as you keep it plugged in to electricity, it's great.
Product arrived on time. Works great for my application. Adjustable area allows for proper sizing and sitting of items to be used.
Poor design on this part made the replacement necessary.
Not to complicated to install. Client was pleased with its modern looks.
Love the look. Just be careful and make certain the included hardware isn't too long for your cabinets. We had to buy shorter fasteners to install these pulls. The included fasteners were too long and would have pierced the cabinet front.
I mainly wanted these to illuminate the floor so I don't wake the family on my way to work. They work great for this purpose! But when I used it in my closet, so as not to wake my wife, very hard to tell what color shirt/pant I was grabbing. I used three of them too, still not as good as a 40W fluorescent bulb. They turn off really, really quick. I ended up using them to not only illuminate my path from the bedroom to the front door, but inside the pantry and on the fridge door works great. Under the cabinet, it turns off too quick, especially when you are doing close motion such as peeling potatoes - they won't stay on.
I wasn't positive if it would work with our kitchenaid dishwasher or not, but it looked like it would. Anyway, after slightly modifying the brackets and dishwasher, it seems to work fine.
Directions could have been more clear.
Bought two packs for the posts on the back porch. The ones that get the most sunlight have faded from copper to silver, but I'll just swap them around this summer sometime. Battery life could be a little longer.
Too small for the client's Electronic Chip Car Key. Worked fine for emergency common area key container ... for tenants who lock themselves out!
Let me start by saying the lights themselves are beautiful and I love them on the cooper wire! The only reason for the 4 stars is the battery holder that powers them is quite large and very hard to hide when decorating. I wish there was a way to make the battery pack smaller or easier to conceal because the lights on the wire deserve 5 stars!
They do want they say they do, but if you haven't cleaned the duct vent in 25 years you could possibly get all 8 rods threw but only got 6 rods out lol was so jam packed with lint it got stuck right at a 45 that was a pinch point so ended up cutting a hole in the drywall and just replaced section of ducting. Very easy to use
Good value for a compact universal travel adapter with 4 USB ports and one Type C port --- now I can charge several devices all at once in an all-in-one design charger. The included case is a nice addition.
Good looking and heavy!
It didnt stay together real well. Definitely did its job.
The fan is a little louder than I thought it would be, but it works well and is easily controlled with the controller that I already had.
I was able to use the remote ONCE, then it just stopped. I will get another battery to try in it, but I'm not holding my breath. The candles themselves work great - they give out a nice golden glow, and the batteries last a long time.
I would like a little more space between the bars, but other than that, this rack works perfectly and looks very nice in my bathroom. I also love the hook, which I use to hang my shower cap.
When I first installed this thing I was a bit bothered by the flow. I took it apart and there was some manufacturing debris in the flow control plate. Once that was resolved I found it to be just as nice as far more expensive heads I've owned. I'd buy it again if given a choice.
I installed this in the garage so that the light will automatically turn on once the garage door opens. Does the job nicely and love that it shuts off by itself. I don't have to scramble in the dark anymore to turn the lights on/off.
These lights are perfect for my bedroom. They were securely packaged so there was no damage. My only complaint was the padding on the bottom of the lamps didn't have enough glue so they were falling off. Just put double sided tape and that was a quick fix.
The parts were an exact fit for my washer. The only issue that I had was with the springs. The instructions did not match the parts that were included. My original (full size) unit had a medium blue spring. The kit came with a dark blue spring pre-installed and a light blue spring as an alternate. The instructions stated that the blue spring was for full sized washers, and the black one was for compacts. It was also stated that the pre-installed spring was for full size. It turns out that the pre-installed spring (dark blue) was the one for compact washers. The light blue spring is the one I needed for my full size washer.
Easy to set up and use and I really like the IFTTT integration--having the lights blink when the alarm goes off is a great way to ensure everyone is alerted to the problem, for example. Only giving 4 stars because it is not clear how to stop the alarm from sounding if it gives a warning but you know what is going on and don't want the horrid beeping on top of whatever you are trying to deal with.
Eliminated all chlorine smell in the shower. Have noticed less skin itching. Can't get fitting to stop leaking even with multiple wraps of included Teflon tape. Hope it lasts.
I use these to drag my puppy's crate around the house. It protects our floors and at the same time cleans the floor ;)
This lamp gives appropriate lighting for the large den room we have. It has a nice (antique bronze) finish and goes well with my light saddle color leather sofas. It has three setting, one lamp, two or all to be turned on, though I was expecting it to have a dimming feature, which I thought it gave in the descriptions. (It's possible I read that under another lamp's description.) This wasn't a deal breaker for me, for this lamp looks really fitting in this large room with its grand presence. Was easy enough to assemble and wanted it inbetween instead of behind the sofas. I have it sitting on top of a little 1ft drawer pedestal to give it just enough height to avoid bumping into the shades hanging. The base is very weighted to give it ample stability. Two months after I purchased this from Amazon it was in Costco, the very same lamp selling for about the same price. Delivery was as promised and we have now enjoyed it for several monthes now.
I bought this for a decoration for my daughters unicorn birthday party. It was really cute, lights up great and now she uses it as a night light!
Lamp looks cheap but I guess that's about right for price....far away it's ok but up close u see the flaws in glass
I have been through 4 of these. They work great, but I did have one leak on me. The price is so great I didn't care though. You can get 6 of these for the price of 1 official brand filter.
It works well! It never gives my computer any issue, and has lots of area for cords and things that otherwise don't fit in the computer. It does get VERY hot though so I always have to make sure to take it out after a while
The wire is great for my speakers! Price is good for my purpose!
It is painter's tape..what else is there to say!
Product is good at a good price
Works and lols good for a tub freshen up. Wish it would not show water spots so easily.
Have been pleased so far. Using to control some back porch string lights. Easy setup, great HomeKit integration.
The final product works well and makes our water taste so much better. I took it down a star as it was missing some small parts. We had to go to 4 different hardware stores to find the 3 missing parts just to finish the install.
I bought this when I went away for college to hold personal records, because my school said they would not cover fire damage. I placed the paperwork in a sandwich bag though, because it said it may collect moisture inside the safe. (I used the safe in Missouri and Tennessee.) I never had any issues, but I wanted to be safe. There are 2 keys included. When you go to unlock the safe you cannot pull the key out until after you close and re-lock it. (It's to prevent locking your keys inside.)
Good airflow, noise is a little high, but not too bad
Works well, installed easily. But with the door chimes I had, they would spin on low power due to the current being drawn to power the bell in standby. This is different from the traditional doorbell which is more like an on/off switch. The company sent me an attachment that solved the problem but I don't think it's easy for everyone. I think it depends on what kind of door chime you have if you might experience this issue.
This roller pad is acceptable for my use. This eco roller pad was used to apply oil based roof sealant. After 2 hrs of application the pad was still holding up good. I did not attempt to clean and reuse pad. Im pleased with the longevity of this pad due to the type of material being applied.
Beautiful piece. The music has some issues going sometimes until you give a slight slap on the bottom
Light is brighter than I thought it would be, its size is about one square foot. It lights up very well with my 500 sq ft back yard. I'm not sure if my light was missing the screws, I had to go buy bigger screws to mount the light. Wish it was included, it would save the hassles. I live in Arizona, and this summer been pretty tough with dust storm, thunderstorm, and rain with heavy wind. I'm not sure how long it'll last but so far it is doing a good job with the storm. Also, since it's so bright, it might cause some damages to your eyes. I recommend mount it higher and further where the activities take place.
Everything included for install, new condition and installed with no leaks. Make sure the center post is tight in the faucet housing before installing otherwise it will not tight with the nut.
Works well, holds suction well
This light gives of a bright white light that lights up a whole room. I use it in an outlet that is connected to a light switch. You do have to wait a few moments for it to turn on, then you have to increase the lighting manually. I thought it was a good lamp for the price. I don't have it very long that is why I only gave it 4 out of 5 stars. I hope it lasts.
Great, strong innovative product. Easy to store!
Very good product. Nice color. We got the large one. As it turns out this is real piece of rock therefore very heavy for a typical lamp. The only downside is that it's not as bright you would expect from a lamp.
These plugs were a great price, very easy to install and work great so far. Love the ease it adds to our smart home!
This shower head conserves water and has the water pressure you need. Will get this for family members who have homes. Love it.
Just installed this. I'll concur with others; the knockouts at the bottom are more like faint scoring. Better to use a hole saw or Dremel to get the job done. Another weakness to the product for me were the terminal connections inside the box. The terminals were really too small and cheap feeling, in my opinion, especially if you're going to attach a pool motor or 20 A load. If you properly wire those, you'll find the necessary wire gauge is a tight fit.
I just installed these a couple weeks ago, so I don't know about their longevity yet. I just matched up the part number with the old bulbs that they were replacing. They are slighter brighter and more harsh than the soft white glow of the previous bulbs they replaced, but otherwise work well.
It could be a little wider at the base. My Pixel 2 doesn't sit in the bottom like the picture, but it does fit far enough down that there's no risk of it toppling out.
Great product easy installed. Replaced my old church.
Love this fan. We have two
The candles look good , they feel like the real candles . The lighting was decent and nice design
Very bright. Lights up my work bench very well. I have it hanging about 3 or 4 feet above it. No issues installing it.
GOOD VALUE FOR THE PRICE AND WELL MADE
Nice looking but drain is very narrow. You need to clean it out regularly.
Works well took a little getting use to.
It's a very attractive lamp, but occasionally the light will flicker which leads me to question the quality of the wiring.
Used this to glue a broken drawer pull. It worked, but I definitely needed more than a drop. Took a few hours to cure, but I'm sure that's because I used more than the recommended drop.
Good product, as advertised, if you are looking for something with an on off switch dont buy it. They do not advertise it as having one but I have seen some complain.
Used to replace a non-adjustable vent - trying to cut down the noise and airflow - it is the right size and works ok - does not really completely shut off airflow
Gives a very dark room plenty of light. I was a little disappointed that the globes were plastic, but maybe that's not such a bad thing for a family room that will be used by a bunch of kids.
Very good item for the money. The reason for the 2 stars for temperature control is because it is only a cold water bidet, so it is non applicable.
These were really cute but I found these at Wal-Mart for 1/2 of the price on Amazon
Makes a great and cool night light for my kid. He thinks it is the best thing ever made.
Not very sturdy but good enough for the price
I had a problem, not the item, in fact the finish is great,,small metal inserts for screws decent quality and value..... but I wanted to use these on standard by fold doors. These screws are short, for drawers. I thought getting a longer screw would be easy, I was wrong, these use a FINE THREAD screw, and HD, Lowe's and our hardware store, none carrying that for 1 5/8 or 1 3/4. Possibly metric? I could only find corse thread, which won't work, goes in 2-3 torn and stops. Metric, but only to 1 inch long. Had to abort, and just buy ceramic set at Lowe's. Had the screw thread been corse, no problem. Not vendor fault, just semi non standard,
I love it! I only used it once but it has been great so far.
Add Two 50 Watt Glorious-Lite led lights and your all set. Much more economical than purchase a ready made work light. Easy to set up and adjust. Nice height when fully extended, as well. The only issue I had, was that some of screw holes, where you attach the lights, were not threaded properly or perhaps over painted. There were other screw holes to use so it didn't matter to me. In my opinion, I would not call it a heavy duty stand, more medium to light duty . I've used it on several construction projects and it has been a great addition to my tool arsenal.
It works just ok. The material seems not durable. The price is more expensive than it should be.
Fast shipping, great product
Overall pretty decent smart plug for the money. Does what it says it's supposed to do. I've managed to successfully set it up and connect/use it with Google Home app and control with my voice. Sometimes there's a bit of a delay when using Google to control it, but it's not terrible for my use-case. All features seem to work. It took me a little bit to set up because the instructions aren't very good. They call the app one thing in the instructions but the actual app is called something else. The QR code provided wouldn't work for me so I had to go digging around to figure out the correct thing to download. If you scroll through the Amazon item listing for it, it names the correct app to go find in the play store. The app itself works but isn't as user-friendly as it could be. The scheduling is in military time, I can't figure out how to delete schedules that are set up (can only edit or toggle on and off, but not delete), some more info on what each setting is for or how to use it could be useful, and updated/clearer instructions for setting up Google Home to use with it. Luckily I know how to add new devices in GH app, but for others this may be a larger issue. So as I said, decent for the price and does what it says. I think it could be a great little device if they improved the user-experience a bit more as far as instructions and app go so that things are consistent, clear, and using good English. I may buy more in the future but not sure.
only issue is the adhesion is so strong that our paint on the wall is teared off by it. which means we have to paint again once we want to replace it.
The only reason I didn't give five stars is because it wasn't perfect...but it's pretty darn good! I bought this one for someone else, because I like the one I have for myself, and he thought he'd like one, too. I like it primarily because of the relatively large area the magnifying glass encompasses and because it has a light. When I hold it at just the right angle, it works extremely well, but I think the problem is finding that angle. Compared to other magnifying glasses I own, though, it is generally my go-to magnifying glass.
I selected the bright white bulbs as many LED bulbs are not bright enough for reading. These are very bright almost too bright but I am keeping them. I wish you could purchase these in smaller units, for example a two pack rather than a four pack. I have only one application for these bulbs with an E12 base and most likely will never use all four bulbs.
A little hard to get the words off the paper but looks amazing on the wall
I'm not sure if this works...but, on that note, I have to point out that I have yet to see a scorpion since I plugged them in. So, win? I'm going with yes.
very skinny when folded
Love these! They were a bit difficult to get just right. I thought I could put them on the corners of each panel and be done, but it wasn't nearly that simple. It took a while to get the spacing just right, and even then they almost seemed a touch too tall for the space. However, no one notices that but me. I have my neighbors fooled. They thought I bought a new garage door! I didn't love having the garage on the front side of my house when I bought it, but these magnets have really helped me grow to be ok with it. It looks lovely now!
very nice, not cheap plastic, was surprised.
For the price these are the terrific. Just wish they were a little more ascetically pleasing. I am going to order moore
The product is exactly as described. It takes 3 days to charge the battery. Once the battery is charged, your good to go. I am very happy with the quality of the LED light and the solar panel.
I like the water, but it still tastes like tap water. I can't tell the difference. All in all, I have some peace of mind that I am drinking filtered water.
It worked good enough. For the price and effort, I can't complain. Super simple.
My review is based on excellent customer service and offer of support. The Gutter Guards arrived quickly and were very easy to assemble and install. We haven't had them in long enough to judge their effectiveness, but the concept looks good.
The ONLY reason this is not a 5 star review is because this does not include the mounting screws for whatever you're mounting. Standard procedure is to include the appropriate hardware for the mounting capabilities of the box, however I was left to find my own screws, which was a small setback. However, as far as the capabilities of the product, it was a piece of cake install and sturdily supports the 52” ceiling fan/light. They say no attic access is required, but I think they mean for installation of the box/support. If you want power to it, well, that's a different story. All in all, good product. Will but again if there's another ceiling mount I have to put it...I'll just have to remember to buy some box mounting screws ahead of time.
Works as intended. And is great value for the money.
Great product. Received on time. Installed well, seems good quality. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is the measurements in the directions were off. The pre-drilled holes in the steel guide are 19 5/8 inches apart - not 19 1/16 as the directions say. Glad I measured before I drilled holes in the header board.. Someone might want to fix the directions - then I'd give it 5 stars!
I measured my lamp socket so the adapter was the perfect size, however the lamp collar isn't included to keep the adapter secure. Unfortunately, my lamp base isn't threaded, so I had to make do by adding on a clamp to keep the shade from wobbling. Overall I'm pretty happy with this purchase, so as long as you have a normal lamp this would work perfectly!
man thus stuff works, drys a little weird though but not really noticeable.
The gallon can was shipped ina box that was much too large for one gallon can; the box would hold two or possibly Three cans. There was no packaging or dunnage to keep the cans from rolling around; there the can came all bent up.
Great lightbulbs for the price. Really cannot complain.
Really good value. It's not a heavyweight but is plenty adequate. Wish the matching paper holder wasn't a slip on style but, oh well.
I hope that this review will help education people looking for smart wifi bulbs. Let's get the positives out there first. The lights appear to be high quality and the color selections are virtually limitless. However, the brightness even at maximum is not overly bright, you would need at least 2 bulbs in the room for proper lightning. The drawback is that this bulb will only work if you have a wireless router running at 2.4 GHz. If you have an Xfinity router, they are dual band as 5GHz is the latest band for devices that use a lot of bandwidth. (2.4GHz means slower speed but further distance, 5GHz means higher speed at a shorter distance) The xfinity router will not recognize the bulb unless you change your network setting. You will need to open your network settings after you login to the site and choose to create 2 wifi channels with their own name and password. Make sure you write this information down somewhere as you will need to update all your other devices with the new wifi name and passwords such as phones, tablets, echo, kindles and such. This is the only workaround if you have an xfinity router and you want to use these bulbs.
Had to bend blades a little so they didn't hit the side walls while rotating but works great.
The magnifier and lamp strength rate a 5, but the casters, even on hard floor surfaces, don't really do the product complete justice. I'd still purchase it again for my needs, which is pretty much in one location all the time, but if you need to move it around a lot, you might get frustrated.
Works well but I was hoping for more water pressure.
Good little tool for any utility belt
Love the concept. Love all of the color possibilities. Doesn't always connect. If you wait long enough it will sync back up with the app and your scheduled times and colors. I think an update to the app might fix some of the bugs. Here's hoping. Great bulb. Easy to install.
I paint for a living and these right here are a steal! Less sprinkle than most rollers but not all that's why I give it a 4 🌟. I however will keep using them.
one failed already, just had a radio plugged into it. Update , OOSSXX got back to me right away and are shipping another one, things do fail
These bulbs have definitely brightened up my once dim kitchen! They have replaced the traditional Edison bulbs which were more an amber color and didn't put out the light needed. Based on the information provided, I did expect them to be a bit more on the warmer side of the LED scale, hence why only 4 stars.
I purchased this light fixture with a specific room in mind. I want to eventually change out all the boob light fixtures in my house. This one is set to go in my guest bedroom. I love the design snd I bought specific cool looking Edison bulbs to go in the fixture. My issue is the bulbs are too dim for an over head light. So I'm hesitant to put the fixture up until I can buy some cool looking light bulbs that compliment the design of the fixture and can light the room. If I can't find any cool bulbs that are bright enough I will use this as a secondary light fixture in a room that already has bright over head lights.
Much better looking than the regular door guides.
Very good quality. Looks better than I expected.
I got black on black weave fiber instead of the red and black. The Seller does not mention that... other than that function is awesome... I use it for a lot of stuff...
Nice quality. Used for light over kitchen sink
The camera was easy to set up and connect to WiFi. The camera connects to and Android app on your phone. You can use the app to control the camera pan, tilt, and take videos, pictures, and panorama views. It has a microphone and speaker so it can also work like an intercom. You can also set it to automatically record 6 second video clips whenever it detects motion. You can also set it to trigger on a baby crying but, not having a baby, I haven't tried it. I set it in my front window and it detected everyone that came to the door and every car that drove by. Also trees blowing in the wind when it's windy. You can set the motion sensitivity to high, medium, and low. When the camera memory is full it starts recording over the oldest clip in a loop. Which in my case is about 4 days worth. You can increase the memory by adding an SD card but the one I tried didn't work. Possibly because it wasn't fast enough since type 10 is required but I don't have another one to try yet. You can manually download the clips to the photo gallery on the phone. Unfortunately there is no PC app or any way to automatically download files to network storage, which I would have liked. The only way to automatically offload files from the camera memory is to subscribe to their cloud service. I also didn't find a way to control the length of clip that's recorded when it senses motion or how long to wait before re-arming the motion trigger. I didn't subscribe to the cloud service but it looks like that might give you more options like continuous recording.
Nice, could be brighter and could last longer
Arrived via Fedex. Poor packaging in very flimsy cardboard. One of the adjusting bolts is badly corroded. Had to clean up with wire brush and grease threads. Used today, very easy to put on bucket. Moved a 3800 lb pallet with ease. Other than the adjusting bolt issue, seems to be a high quality product. Would recommend stabilizing bar to anyone that would be using them a lot. There isn't any other way to keep them from spreading apart on ends. But works perfectly for what I need.
Very solid and great looking lamp, it comes with bulbs and the dimmer switch is high quality, my only issue was that some of the paint inside the light was peeling off, not really noticeable, but its there and it might get worse at time goes by
This is a nice, bright lamp/magnifier. It works fine, but if the goose neck was longer and the magnifier a little bit larger, it would be more useful. The view is distorted if you are not looking straight-on. I needed this right away so I decided to keep it. I'm getting used to how to use it. It falls into the category of "decent but not fabulous."
They work great as advertised. Material is solid and they are a must when moving heavy items. I just wished the body straps were adjustable.
Put them next to my 2700K lights and they look QUITE a bit whiter. Nice bright light though. Easy to install. Soft light, probably not.
Perfect lamp with shelves for the corner in my living room. Very easy to put together.
I need to have 2 more keys the set came with only 2 Keys , please advise .
LOVE this light! Bright, 3 levels, bends easy, fits my books nice. The only reason why I didn't give it a 5, I do have to recharge regularly but honestly don't mind that, I do that anyway with my phone every day.
Bought faucet to replace our old one . You get what you pay for . It's plastic . Didn't realize that before . But it works and is shiny .
It looks beautiful in the dining room
Smaller than I thought but cute.
overall it was a great product but the screws could have been a bit longer
Really bright to use with someone else in the room...
COFEE IS BETTER, ICE IS CLEANER, WORKS GREAT
Brightness can be adjusted, led lights have good eye protection.
A few problems pairing it... had to done it 5 times (Even so I am an expert on electronics)
Appears to be solid tested well I think will hold up over time
Works at expected and described from manufacturer. Easy to i install. Do not order a knock-off because it will void your warranty. just an FYI, Amazon will show that the sleeve and O-ring are recommended to be ordered together. I did that, but it turns out I did not need those items. The O-ring came with the replacement lamp AND the Sleeve. So I ended up with 3 O-rings. I plan to keep them, hopefully I will be able to use them at some point. Just save your money.
It cleaned the coffee brewer not quite sure it like new though.
Lights are exactly what I was looking for. They are a nice bright light for my pool area. Only 4 stars because installation was frustrating, and doesn't explain everything about the wires. Installs tell you to just put cable in connector clip, close it and that's it. I even found a video on YouTube showing that's all you do. Well I did that and it did not work. Next day went out and carefully looked at the connector clips. Noticed 2 tabs, that can open. Inside these tabs where 2 wires that come from the light and they can come out of connector clip. Glad I opened these, because the insulation on the wires was covering over the entire wire, not exposing any of the wires to make contact with the connector to the cable. Once i figured that out, I removed some of the insulation from the wires and reconnected it to the connector clip, and it worked. I tried to take pictures of this. Hope it helps others
It's very small and made of plastic but surprisingly it has strong pressure. It's a nice shower head and for the price you can't beat it. It works better than a lot of more expensive brands.
Replaced this while i was fixing lid switch; got a new machine now.
Dec 2018: I am now changing my review and adding photos. I'm in love with this lamp.
Worked fine, easy to install, price was good
Slightly larger than stated but with slight moderation fit
If you are looking for perfection i'm not sure you would be happy with this. But for a gate latch, it works like it says and seems sturdy. I needed something I could mount to a flat surface and latch my gate and this does that. I would buy again if I ever need another one!
Works well. A bit underpowered for tougher jobs
Love the design. Did not love that half arrived uneven and rusted. See attached pictures. ***UPDATE****Seller contacted me and shipped out another set. These were much better so I wanted to update my review.
great product. works well and i will recommend this product.
This light has 2 brightness settings, 1 watt and 5 watts, so make sure you are using the appropriate setting. I tested the power draw on the light and unlike other lights in this category, this light is an actual 5 watts and very good for reading. The neck stays where it should.
It is a little smaller than it seems - the rubber stopper between the faucet and sink doesn't fit perfectly so the faucet doesn't stand at 90 degrees. Maybe they don't want it too, but ours is standing at 89 degrees no matter how hard we crank it down.
Love love love. 2 in my living room. The drywall anchors were junk but luckily I had some good ones. If the hardware was better quality I would have given 5 stars.
I like these floor protectors, but a few were not in good condition.
So I had some issues setting this up on a poorly set up wifi network. Both 5ghz and 2.4ghz had the same ssid. And this only connects to 2.4 new firmware fixes the issues but I couldn't load it from the network I was setting it up on. customer service was amazing and offered to send me a new controller. I declined as I had a deadline to install this system. Took it home set up a network with the same ssid and password, did all the firmware updates. There where three. And dropped it right in. Set up all the sensors and have a happy customer. The sensors are super sensitive, I had it shut the water off several times during the install.
I also bought the solar ones--love it. My advice is to get the solar and not worry about batteries
This is the second time I've bought this set of t-nuts and both times there were 5 or so that had bad threads. Thats an acceptable failure rate for the price.
I like it but find it very difficult to turn the tops that cover the screws.
The fan arrived on time and was installed fairly quickly. The new fan works and looks great. However, one of the globes and two of the bulbs were broken in shipment. Luckily I had spare bulbs and the globes from another previously installed fan. This would have received a 5 star rating if the damage had not happened.
Just what I was looking for. Good price. Fast delivery.
So far so good!! Installed all 12 in my office with 10 ft ceilings, provides plenty of light.
Very nice, light nicely, just wish they were a little wider. Remote works great. A good value
I ordered the two pack and I have to tell you I plan to get more. These bulbs are easy to setup use with the smart life app or echo dot. Customization is simple and I like that modified presets are saved.
The lock looks great once I got it installed. Ran into two issues which made me give three stars. One issue was resolved when I called Schlage so I added another star. Issue one, the handle bar did not aligned with holes from previous handle. Even though it's adjustable. I had to drill another hole in the door and find a way to plug original hole. Second issue is that manual key did not fit lock. I made copies before I found this out. Schlage sent new lock and key immediately. My guess is that this is a known issue. All in all I'm happy with the purchase having overcome the challenges.
Nice cameras. The motion detection is a bit hit or miss. The night vision is great. The service is inexpensive. Easy to set up.
I really like this lamp it is very nice. I liked it enough to reorder this is the second one. I am giving a 4 star because it lists it includes a led bulb. Neither lamp did. The mfg should take this off list if it is not part of your purchase. I
Very nice set. Unfortunately, the handle on the slotted pancake flipper wasn't pushed on completely before it was glued on. It works fine, but quality control not the best.
I liked the fact that you could put it up by yourself and it is a good deal.
Arrived on time. Works as expected. Took away a star simply because, I mean, it's just paint lol
Came in defective only one blub worked. Just like the other reviewer. This is disappointing. Vivi from the company reached out and offered to correct the issue and provide a discount on the next purchase. But I already bought another blub set. So updating this to 4 star from 1 because of customer service.
Works as intended, however note that the two-sided tape doesn't function well on jagged paint flat surfaces are much better.
We got 2 of these because we live in an old house with horribly messed up front/back door frames - they work as best as they can, so yes it does help, but it constantly gets stuck under the door and we have to adjust it almost every single time we open/close them. NOTE: you can cut the foam on the inside to adjust it to your door size to help with that problem, but unfortunately I'd have to cut it so short that it wouldn't cover the spot at the bottom of the door with the gap.
I really like the way these work and am pleased with that part. However, the natural was more like a light brown and I would have bought the white if I knew that it was not natural. Oh well, they are up and don't want the bother of taking them down to return them. So as long as you know that, I would recommend them. I love the no cord solution. So easy
These are quite solid knobs. Only reason for 1 star off is that in the margin on the face of the knob there were quite a few that had metal splatter under the final finish. Probably only the installer would notice but in this case the installer is doing the rating too.
Good adapters, fit great and did the trick, thanks!
An giving the product a 4 because I only tried one of them to see if it worked. Product worked, lighting was good. I have not used the product enough to know if any problems will arise. So far the product seems satisfactory.
I wanted a projector with white lights to add to our Christmas decorations. The lights do look like snowflakes cascading down the home and the lights cover the entire front aspect of the house . The projector seems sturdy and has continued to work well despite several rain showers. I do wish the snowflakes were a bit more defined. However, it is still pretty and the kids love it.
Really nice product. Keeps the stove looking neat and clean. I do wish the actual stove pieces were silicon and more resilient but so far it's been a few weeks and these are holding up fine. I love the side panels for the countertops!!
These were the most economical 100W equivalent bulbs I could find in 4000K. Not dimmable, but not needed for my application. No failures yet.
The bulbs were used as a replacement in a bathroom vanity fixture. The only criticism is the former bulb cast a whiter less yellow light.
works as expected but doesn't filter as good as 'pur' brand filters.
I bought this shower head to replace an old one that didn't allow water to come through. It was easy to install, and works really well! I love the stop feature (as my daughter takes showers now) as well as the different settings. I do wish the water pressure was a bit higher on it. But it will do! I have some leaking at the bottom, but I believe that has more to do with the hose, as I had that same issue with my last shower head.
I cant believe we have never owned one of these! Inexpensive and so easy to use. We are now saving money on water and my kids love to use it and are drinking water all the time!
Works perfect for what I need. Great product
i liked the design, but not really great for fat legs
Dismayed when box contained no instructions. And it had to be installed upside down compared to original parts. So retaining clip was unusable as is. Removed switch to figure something out when white parts separated. Fooled with that a day or so without success. No clicking/no starting. Studied switch parts...something missing. Found it under compressor. Put all together and it all worked. A drawing of of Switch innards would have been very useful! Working fine now.
Tubes seem a little on the small side but still better than having a gap under the door.
Been looking for something like this for awhile for one of my cabinets. Saw them on a cruise ship and ordered them when I got home. Wish they where a little stronger.
Looks really cool. But bulbs not that bright. Well maybe the bulb would say the same about me .....
Worked good with our door. Took a little readjusting but I'm the final product looks great.
One string is working quite well (of course, this is only the second night), but the other stayed on for only a very short time (as in minutes). They are on holly bushes that are next to each other, so the light for charging should be about the same for each string. I am hoping the second string just needs a bit more time to charge; by tomorrow night I should know. I really don't want to have to take these down and return them, as I DO like them. They are bright enough and convenient. We live in the country without street lights, so I can't tell how these would work in an environment where they might not stand out as readily; here they are nice though. They are convenient. I've never wanted to drag an electric cord 200 feet to those holly bushes. If this works out, I have my eye on some evergreens in the yard, too :) . UPDATE: I tried different brands this year, on different areas of the yard. These have worked the best. None of the brands stayed on for more than a few hours, but these have been the best of the ones I've tried.
I ordered these mostly so that I could read my Kindle in bed without my bedroom lights on. I am finding the clip used to secure the light to be a bit too large for my Kindle. Which isn't that big of a deal, just a mild inconvenience when I want to move a bit (it is easy to knock off my device). I really like being able to control the brightness. I don't think the lowest setting is truly "low" and by the second level of brightness my entire room is illuminated! Truth be told I have begun using one as a flashlight at night since it is so bright. Overall, I am pleased with this purchase.
Only had them installed for about a week and seems to work fine. I replaced the branded covers for generic ones though. The tamper resistant is kind of a pain if the plug is not 100% straight.
It does the job. Simple as that. It will easily clock your workers in and out. The app needs work but does allow you to download your time sheets. This time-clock takes a little knowledge so don't buy if you are technically challenged. It needs work but a good product because it charges no monthly fees. Thats the sell point. No monthly fees.
Works well, base is bigger than I thought it'd be.
Update after 6 weeks: My new complaint is that the panel to select strength of light is not made well. The "buttons" are wayyy too close for my slender female fingers so the lamp gets confused on what I'm pressing. I can't imagine how difficult this would be for man fingers. I often have to attempt pressing the button 5 - 6 times. Frustrating!!! I've been using this lamp for three weeks now. Overall, I like it. It doesn't tilt over from being top heavy which was what concerned me. Although the entire thing is very light, the arms (all parts above the base) are exceedingly light. I understand it's made of aluminum so that explains the weight. Very functional just as advertised. It doesn't really hurt my eyes because of the tilt function and move-ability of the two lamp arms. But selection of lowest to second lowest on brightness is a huge difference and I wish there was an in-between instead of the big jump. I gave it a 4 rather than 5 star rating because I feel there's room for improvement, but for the price, it's not bad.
This light kit did what I expected, finished nicely, and the included LED bulb has the proper warm color for a bedroom. The only thing that I would have preferred is if the pull-cord for the light was a bead chain, instead of a thin cotton cord.
well-constructed, much better than the weak ones from the old electronics retailer. be nice if they were a very flexible material inside and out, but really I'm happy
Had these professionally installed, so can't speak to ease of putting up. They work reasonably well, lighting-wise, but the switch is clunky. It's a round knob that you have to turn, and it's awkward. If it had a slide switch or a rocker-type, would be much easier to deal with. This knob irritates me every time I turn them on. First-world problem, I know...
Fit the stove well as described.
Haven't installed yet but looks great
The kit was as advertised, and will work just fine for what I intend to do with it. Only beef I have, and the reason for only four stars, was that the case it came with was broken and actually seemed to be too small for the tools. But, still well worth the price.
We have a little beach house and put these in the back of the house to give us extra light when grilling. We loved them so much that we order some for the front of the house. The only issue is coming up with a way to attach them to the house. I used large paper clips and it works.
I bought two one for each end of my working area. This works for me since I work on miniatures I can see much better now.
I had put a lot of rgb components in my computer however my mobo only had 1 rgb header so I got this splitter to use my rgb components. It gets 4 stars because it does what it's supposed to however the pins fit really loosely and I ended up having to zip tie the component header, pin, and reciever together
I didn't buy big enough
The color is not as warm as I thought it would but still much better than its white equivalents.
I bought this light switch cover for my spare room, the wall is a very dark gray and this cover looks great on it.
Element worked great and was easy to replace on my Kenmore dryer but the thermostat was not the correct replacement part.
Wish they included a longer screws though
Does a good job of protecting wire from the elements
Good value and good brightness. Had difficulty daisy chaining two together
Just what I wanted, performed as expected and am very pleased.
Really nice and effective. No more hair in the drain.
So these work as intended, big BUT. I tried to reset my password recently and it only gave me the option in Chinese (not sure if this was a setting issue). And when I requested a temp password (multiple times) it was the same temp password each time. Makes me think these aren't as secure as they should be. But it's only for a wall plug so the concern is not too large. but makes me rethink these cheap chinese options.
Ok, for the normal padlock; it is super simple and takes no effort at all to pick. A basic standard pick and 9 seconds, it's open. You'll need special picks for the other two but is still very nice to see the inner workings. This is a visual aid, not a challenge to open. You can watch what you're feeling with your pick, that's all. Honestly buy it. You can learn and see what's happening and it's a great few tools to have at your disposal.
First, 4000k bulbs are hard to find. So if that's what you're looking for this is a good value. The color value of these bulbs seems to be accurate. I do not have a device to measure Kelvin temperature but compared to my other 4000k bulbs these seem correct. The bulbs are quite compact and lightweight. If you need to fit a smaller fixture these are a good choice. I measured brightness by placing my light meter on the table below the lamp where I usually read. Comparing directly with the 16 Watt 100-watt equivalent bulbs I normally use, the bulbs registered 26% lux less. If overall brightness matters most to you, you might want experiment with a different bulb. For the cost, however, you cannot go too far wrong with these bulbs.
Works well and can be programmed easily however be forewarned that it does not come with a face plate. Very annoying considering the cost and the fact that you need to purchase the type that snaps into place. Pretty ridiculous
Light weight and easy to hang
I installed these alongside some 3 way switches and had no problems with the install or their operation. I added them to the network with ease and they work beautifully with Alexa.
Doesn't connect perfectly but does the job well otherwise
Good product , matching expectations, delivered on time
These are the second brand of smart light bulbs I have added to my Google Home Mini. The app works well to add the lights together. Each bulb can be individually named and added to specific rooms. I have five of these daylight bulbs and they brighten up the rooms they are in. To add lights via the app, there is a QR to scan, which allows for quick recognition without any hassle. I recommend added the lights to a smart home setup after each light is added via the app. Otherwise, you will have a more difficult time added the lights without removing them. The hub is small and requires little power draw. Each light bulb can be controlled individually or as a group. They can be dimmed working seamlessly with other smart light bulb brands. Great purchase for a gift for a smart home enthusiast.
Good plate except that the balance bumps are too high so it doesn't fit the circle correctly
Yes, it was everything that I was looking for. The instructions were bad and the bolts are metric. Other than that, it was everything that the picture shows.
Worked ok but replaced light with LED unit
Beautiful colors. Solid plate. The price is ridiculously high though for one switch plate.
Wasnt working. But does now. Soooo cute
I liked them a lot. I had them on a timer so that they'd be on when I come home & they were on for several hours a night. They lasted a few months & had hoped they'd last longer, but maybe that's the life span of these little guys. Anyway, they were really pretty & added a nice atmospheric touch.
Have not used yet, it seems to be made of a quality grade material. Will know more in the Spring.
Trying to do my part to respect flag flying rules, but I cannot take down my flag every evening. This thing lights the flag pretty nicely, especially on sunny days when it gets a good charge. Unfortunately it only stays lit for about 5 hours (on the medium setting) Had to modify my flagpole to fit this on it, but it wasn't difficult. id say its worth the price.
First of all the light is wonderful. Great quality and wonderful look. But the mounting bracket they give you is garbage ... two small screws will so not hold this light steady, especially on windy days. I installed a vinyl siding light holder with 3" stainless steel deck screws ... then I installed this light with two of these same screws. VERY study mount by doing this. I topped it off with a liberal amount of 100% outdoor silicone around all the brackets and lamp.
Beautiful, but a little top heavy. It wants pull out of the outlet.
Love the looks. I have a problem with the first attachment and threading it in, as it tends to lean somewhat at that specific joint.
This kit came with a nice variety of parts and tools. I only wish the case was a bit sturdier. I managed to replace the nose pads on my eyeglasses with this kit and it has breathed new life in them.
Worked great. Now I can store more stuff. Ha
I wasn't a fan of the plastic pieces on the smaller lanterns. Mostly because I used them to make fish and the plastic is very noticeable. Other than that and the 2 gold colors, they were perfect.
I would definitely buy again because it's super bright and when set up it's easy. batteries operate well, dont work for super long periods of time for example can't use the lights for more than 4 hrs but who would this are security lights.
As far as price comparison these were a tad cheaper than you could get at a local hardware store. Came quick and on time. Clean looking product with an discrete indicator power light.
Like the brightness of the light. Installed it in a bed room ceiling fan socket.
Love hate. This is an amazing product. I wish the platform wouldn't crash as much or stay online more. This has helped me manage my solar and my overall consumption.
This product makes great door protector for your car or truck. Easy to cut and install. Clips right on the doors lip. Happy with purchase.
Adheres ok. You have to be careful and work at it to get the vinyl off. I like how it looks.
I bought several of these lights to replace a number of halogen bulbs in my home, which were wasting a ton of energy by putting out a lot of heat - which is not particularly welcome during a hot summer! These bulbs are a great replacement, as you might expect from LEDs, they remain cool to the touch, without any buzzing or electrical noise. The color is a really nice warm yellow, and the brightness is far beyond that of the halogen bulbs they were replacing. The only slight downside is that they protrude a little more from the socket (which is likely more due to the sockets than the bulbs) than the halogen bulbs, but this is totally acceptable for a far superior product! Energy efficient, bright & great color - highly recommended!
Noise cancelling doesn't work and the headphones produce an echo when talking on the phone. Good for if you just want to use them for music podcasts etc.
So far it's holding up well. It's been installed for about two months. I purchased a pair of these expecting that they would not last, but so far, I haven't had a problem. The existing shower head was installed too high and my wife couldn't reach it. So now she uses it on the lower bracket and I use the original. The suction cup has been holding even though my tile does not have a smooth glass-like finish. I would have preferred a slightly larger diameter hook where the shower head handle engages the holder because mine won't drop all he way in, but it still holds it well. It looks good, but I'm not too crazy about it being made out of plastic.
I went back and forth on this one between 3 to 4 stars. Now that I have installed these, it's a high 3-4 star range for me. The idea of it is great. Furniture sliders, they were just much bigger than I expected and a little harder to apply. I'm had the pads than simply use an applique, this was the same concept. I ended up being able to make them work on some but not all the furniture pieces. Came well packaged and no issues with the quality overall. Given the thickness the seem like they are a long-term fix which is desperately needed in a house with two toddlers, 3 dogs, 1 cat and a wife who forgets to take off her heels sometimes. Whatever helps, I'll take it.
I only have it for 3 days. So far its cool
I used it for my work very happy with it
Straight forward and easy to setup. Just pop in the included battery. Test worked, but I've yet to encounter a real world water leak. It's a bit more sensitive than the Zircon device that I have, which is a good thing.
This card was exactly as advertised, an exact replacement, easy to replace
I didn't catch “large” distinction when scrolling for my design choice. The product is beautiful and we got creative and made it work. It is definitely too big for a standard size mailbox so pay close attention before ordering.
It's cute. Works just fine. I just received it and it was already charged up to use. I should have paid closer attention to the dimensions when I got it, because it's smaller than I had assumed it would be. But, that's completely my fault. It's cute and will look wonderful in my room.
We love how it improved the taste of the water. The installation was a little tricky, though, of no fault of the product but rather how our disposal is installed. This is a great product, especially for the price.
Excellent product but they're expensive. I purchased it for our summer home. My normal whirlpool dryer uses a foam rubber filter in addition to the ‘ screen-type ‘ filter and it's washable. Has anyone tried those with this dryer vent rather than the polyester ones?
No surprises here, I like it
Love these easy to use hooks, yes they aren't beautiful. But they do the job for hanging robes or things behind doors. Use them all the time, they stick great
Nicely made medicine cabinet. The paint is bright white and the finish is nicely done. The screws that come with it are useless in steel studs but otherwise it's a great price on a nice product.
Just like I would buy at the hardware store (don't stock any more). I wish it was not so expensive - otherwise I would rate it 5 stars.
I bought for a busy street corner, it rained and wind was crazy and stood up strong. I also forgot to grt it from down the street for like a week haha and it was still standing strong!!!
This saved me some ladder time. Overall it's pretty easy to use. Fully extended to 12 feet it gets a little bit flimsy but still did the job pretty well. Should be about half the cost. Won't last for a pro but I only need to paint one house.
Black Plastic Casing broke when installing but other than that it is way better than keys. May update other doors as price comes down over time.
I like this faucet except it is too short for my sink and that means I have to lean over the sink to use it. It looks great but I should have checked the length of the faucet before installing it.
These came quickly. While I think they are good for the price, they were a little scratched up/ imperfect. They do add a lil touch of elegance to my bedroom. Overall I am happy with the purchase.
Works as good as the Harmony Hub and half the price
The look of this faucet is very nice. Just what I was looking for. It will not be installed for a while. The kitchen remodel is in progress. But, it is in excellent condition. No moisture in package as previously reported by other customers.
Overall Good Product
this is really different approach to kitchen faucets with the exposed tube that you can move around and just from a look and touch you can tell that the premium material was used to make this faucet and I have had the best time using this item for couple weeks and it works better than expected the only downside or suggestion I came across is the metal part that separates and move the faucet while spraying or using can be made better through magnets instead of clip-on version
Fits well in range hood.
I put these on a stone wall facing west, but will not get the sun until noon or later. Still works like it should. ✔
Looks really really nice! This light creates such a nice ambience directly over a dining table. I don't know that I would use this as a ceiling light for a main light source of a room because the sides of the shade create a block. So the light is very centralized. It's great mood lighting for the dining room. I will say that the ceiling canopy that the fixture comes with was very small. I had to purchase a larger one, so the one installed/pictured is not the one that comes with the light. I bought a 5 1/4” canopy in matte black that works fine. It was an unexpected $12 to spend though so I wasn't the most pleased about that but glad it worked out nonetheless.
Was exactly what I wanted.
We have old pipes in our house, so I bought this just to make sure there are no harmful elements in our tap water. These test strips are very easy to use and the tests I did came back showing no harmful elements. Very happy with the purchase.
Seem ok so far mounted in my cargo trailer only complaint I have is there an odd size mounting hole replacements could possibly be an issue. Haven't done that much research used to even size lights in homes but I bought a few extra.
Good item works well along with generator monitor. Easy to install using wi-fi. Must have for second homes.
Good lights, but not as bright as I wanted the remote is difficult to use when bouncing it off the wall to control the lights when they are up high.
worked great for foreign 220v, slower but ok with 110v
This is a nice replacement handle that was easy to install.
They work as intended. A tad cumbersome and some of the adhesives didn't hold overnight. Not a big deal... I'm sure I'll find a hack. Over all though, not bad.
All-around good product for the money. For $30 it's quite a good shower head. Some small improvements could be made but all around nothing to complain about. Buyer must remove restrictors for water flow to use to his whole potential. If I had to choose one thing to improve on it would be the angle of rotation left and right being that cannot turn too much in One Direction
Very easy to install and got my washer working quickly.
Easy to wire and works as expected. I paired this with a seperate rocker switch as a backup. My only concern is the remote are / feel cheap so I will need to take extra precautions to keep them from getting wet.
looks good feels good let's see if it holds up and it's acts good.
Love it works great where I wanted it. Unfortunately it dies not illuminate for very long. But still love it.
It's a nice product. We installed a barn door in our storage area. The floor guide would have worked but it stuck to far out under the door
Easy install. Think it through before removing entire housing around the machine. I dont think you have to pull everything apart to install the lid switch. Lid switch huge value. Same switch goes for $39.00 locally. Part doesn't come with screws for mounting or for grinding.
Use this this to seal around the sashes where window air conditioners are installed. If you have used a window A/C you know the gap at the top edge of the lower, inside sash. It prevents intrusion of hot outdoor air. I used to buy it a local hardware store for about a buck a piece, but they didn't have enough stock this spring and sold out before I could get there. This is a bit pricey at 10 bucks per 4-pack, but they bailed me out and now I have spares for the future.
These slim and compact lights are quite powerful and easily illuminate a good portion of a room. Each slender fixture has ten bright bulbs that come on at the flip of a small switch on one end of the metal frame that encases them. This is a good find!
Amazing product easy to use.
Very nice product. Simple but good!
Love these! They were just right for my needs. My master bedroom doesn't allow for larger nightstands, so I don't loose room to table lamps. My only wish is that there was one more length of the cord cover and it's mount. We mounted these high and the two cord cover pieces don't cover as much of the electrical cord as I'd like. I couldn't find the option to buy more. Other than that, these are just fantastic!
I've used this book light for a few weeks now and it has worked well. I like the blue (cool) and yellow (warm) light modes though I usually leave it on blue. At first, I was concerned with the bulky base of the light but found it's weight was very light. I haven't had to charge the light yet so I can't speak to the battery life. I wish it had a sliding light level instead 3 lighting intensities but the lowest level works well for me. All in all, a good product!
Works, well. Drops offline randomly sometimes but reconnects automatically without issue.
Love the large size with plenty of room to write! The only thing I would change would be for the pages to be more matte than smooth finished.
I love the look of this faucet. Only complaint is that when I turn it on it goes to full blast. It's hard to slowly turn it on.
Sound is ok, light feature is good, only problem is when u off it still there is little light. But overall good.
I used these standoffs to hold a circuit board I was installing.
Really nice product, much better then the older model which look like just a bunch of LED dots
Quite a bit to do, to clean up, even with latex. It just may be the nature of the beast. The overspray was quite a bit more than I expected BUT.... hands down, The is really fast, boom, your done. Clean up takes about 20 minutes and 5-8 gallons of water. The spray job was only about 5 minutes ( fencing ).
Overall a good and useful product but won't fit if your fridge handles are thicker than normal. Hard to bring the ends together
Very nicely made worked great with the bass mailbox
This product was used in an amana dryer and is currently working fine. Futher it was as advertised and shipping was on time.
The lamp is nice and not too hard to install. The only problem was one of the bulbs provided was broken at the base. I'm glad they provided 2 bulbs. I do not believe it was broken during shipping, but more of a manufacturing flaw.
Ease of installation
Works as advertised. Wish the magnet was a bit stronger, as it takes some precision to get the door to attach, but once you have it attached, it is great!
love them bought them for my mom
Wasn't water resistant
Works well to rescue the leftover paint after the idiots made such a mess of the original can the top could no longer fit tightly. The leftover paint is now safe and available for future touchups.
Their great headphones but a few minor glitches nothing to major. The sound is great, they last long enough for what I want.
Very modern and pretty. I just wish they would stay lit another couple of hours. Maybe when the sun is stronger longer during the summer months, they will.
Did the job and was received promptly.
Nice idea. the only drawback is that it does let the rain in if not under cover. Rain enters the sides of the flap.AND if I only could get one of the delivery persons to figure what it is and actually put the package in the sak!.
Nothing spectacular. It does its job and it was easy to install and cut.
be aware, this is TWO-PRONGED only. I didn't read the description carefully. But that's my fault.
Good quality, solid bubble glass (not plastic) and well packaged. I added and would recommend dimmer(s) as these are 8 watt LED's and are bright. Color temperature is ideal at 3000k and matched temp of my under cabinet lights. Used two over peninsula and one without outer glass shroud over sink. Was looking for a smaller size light and these seem about right for me.
Easy to use and exactly what I needed to finish out an oak shelf. Time will tell, but seemed to adhere pretty well with a hot iron. I didn't unroll and let sit out for 24 hours as instructed, but I'm optimistic that even with that, the product will stay stuck.
I like that it is quiet. We have small bathrooms and we really need a more powerful one.
Not as great as I had hoped
I wrote down the dates I installed these as I replaced my old cabinet lights. These LEDs are lasting about as long as standard bulbs... maybe a bit longer. But, they are a lot cooler and the color they put out matches the old ones. The cooler temperature is a big bonus for me as I use them for under cabinet lighting and one of the cabinets they are under is a spice cabinet, so, cooler is better. Wish they lasted longer though.
Was easy to install. Only took minutes.
quick patch, but will still have to replace screen
Didn't last long but they did serve its purpose
We've only had this a few days, but it seems quite nice. It was easy enough to attach, a little drip stopped with extra tightening. My only caveat (and this works well for our situation of crazy high pressure) is that the pressure doesn't seem to be increased, but rather stepped down and evened out(for us this is good) so the pressure is giving us much longer on a tank of hot water. It's certainly not limping out, and when they are both on there is less for each (logical), but it's really a NICE amount of pressure while sort of conserving water. You are never going to have to make a desperate grab for a dancing shower head spraying your whole bathroom AND yet you'll have plenty of rinsing power. Anything I didn't rate 5 is because it's only been a few days. Came on time, packaged well, extra washers. Yay.
(it was the downloaded app that was the problem) The price was definitely right for my "excursion" into mart plugs. With what I thought was the GOSUND APP, I almost returned thee plugs: I am glad I did not. (Use the Smart life app by TUYA and not the GOSUND app) I looked up "smart life/go smart app" and downloaded the GOSUND app and, had nothing but problems trying to connect. I was frustrated, as the app would not connect or, would freeze. after reading the comments, and seeing many bad reviews I decided to download the smart life app by TUYA and it connected easily and now works great. Its a nice "toy" and addition to a seldom used living room, and now my bedroom. the only problem might be that once turned off, you cannot manually turn ON a device connected to the plug if needed.
Very compact and useful
Just the right size for a bedside lamp! USB port is very convenient!!
I like the small size of these plugs and price is very good (I bought the six pack). Once set up the plugs work fine, but the 2.4Ghz requirement means you have to jump through some hoops to get it set up. Most people probably don't know how to access the 2.4Ghz channel of their router. After getting past this hurdle, several of my plugs still would not recognize the network. When I ran through the setup a second time I realized the plug was connected to the network even though it initially reported it could not connect. Be patient and you'll get there.
Installing new light was easy hang it then plug it in. Taking old 25 year florescent light out took all the time. I wanted the new light to replace one in the computer area of my art studio. The old one was not bright enough and difficult to find bulbs to fit. The new one is very bright in the spot now and should last a lot longer than the Florescent bulbs of the old one.
Very quick delivery; however, missing parts initially. The seller responded to an email within a couple of hours and sent a whole new set of brackets right away. I took one star away because missing parts seems to be common for this seller, but the customer service was perfect. Can't address how they work, haven't installed the brackets yet; I needed the brackets before I could build the floating shelves. They seem sturdy and look like they'll work just fine.
Hard to attach to your purse with the mini string and the clip but it works and lights up the purse pretty well. I like the sensor that it has so its not on all the time only when your hand is in the bag
I bought this light to install under a kitchen cabinet that is above our coffee maker. Where the coffee maker is has always been a dark spot in the kitchen, but not anymore! I saw this light and thought I would give it a try to light up that dark spot in the kitchen. I must say this little light bar worked perfectly. It is small enough to not be noticed under the cabinet and since it on I have is set so that it only turns on when it senses motion. It lights up the counter now very bright and with brightness levels it has more than enough light. It was simple to install and the mount can be turned so it could be wall mounted if needed. With the included USB cable I have it powered via a charger. I would not hesitate to recommend this product and may order another one as well.
Was happy to see that everything was included with the shower head including the plumbing tape. I do with that it had a feature where the water can be paused at the shower head.
I used this extension cord as an extension on a new chandelier I installed. I needed the cord to go from it's hanging location, up through the floor and into a dedicated hidden smart plug, in an upstairs closet. Worked great!
These look amazing in Sputnik light fixtures. I wish they weren't so expensive or at the very least were LED.
These are pretty nice little lights. I never really know what to expect solar powered lights. These are pretty bright they go together and install easily enough. The battery didn't quite make it through a 15 hour long night but when I got up at about 9 hopes after they had been on and they where still going strong.
Using this at my entry door in the garage which is connected to a lamp light. Working good so far and it picks up the my movement every time. The only thing is, i wish it had a 30 second timer. It does have a 4 second timer which is good for testing. Anyway, i set the timer to 1 minute which is next lowest time. I do recommend this product though.
Very happy with this purchase.
After looking at options, I purchased this 6 pack of TCP G25 LED bulbs. They look somewhat crude and unpolished, but they work and it was an economical purchase compared to the alternatives. They should last for years, we'll see if they do.
These filters fit good, and appear to be well made.
We used this item to repair doors where the catch had failed. These were easy to install and the fit is perfect.
I just started using these bulbs. I'll let you know about the longevity and value in a few years. 😎
I received the Drain Snake this morning, and opened it this afternoon. Everything was there that was supposed to be, and the tool looked perfect. I decided to get right down to business. As I have limited upper arm strength (exercise blah lol) it took a bit of finagling to direct the snake into the right area (it doesn't help that the pipe has a 28 inch drop before it curves) I might not have done it perfectly, but I was able to pull some gunk up. One of the things: A label off of a travel size conditoner that must've been there since before I moved in 9 YEARS AGO. The drain is already doing better, but I'm going to give it another go as my arms got tired. Thank you!!!
Sparkly and pretty. Very heavy though.
I love this lampshades. I have 3 of them and ordered 2 more. They really add color and pretty lighting to a room.
Seems solid, been in my drawer for months. It's a bit small for two gun but you can make it work. Really just made for single use, finger print reader works well. Sometimes the kid sticks, haven't figured out why yet. Battery seems to last a while. Overall happy to secure my firearm from curious hands.
For the price, this it's not a bad buy. It's not like you're putting a box fan in your window, so as long as you realize the wind from this isn't going to ventilate a large area, you won't be disappointed. I just use mine in my bathroom, mainly when I shower, so I use the circulate or exhaust modes. It's quiet too so that's a good thing!
It and extension there's not much to say. The threading is fixed so it hard to get this lined up straight. It be easier if the part to the wall had a nut you could turn. Should come with multiple washers for various thickness. You can add or remove Teflon tape to help line it up. In using it for a removable shower head so the head can be turned to off set the the slight off center.
A little tricky to get set up to perform actions.
I installed the Heavy Touch n'Hold screen door closer on our steel security screen door. My security screen door does not weigh 60lbs, but so far, the door closer is working as advertised. I was even able to adjust it so that the door didn't slam shut the last few inches like my other screen door closer did. Installation was pretty easy, although I read and re-read the instructions several times during installation. The video was somewhat helpful, but it didn't touch on making adjustments. I was a little disappointed with 2 things. First, I had sent an email to the company a few weeks earlier asking about the Heavy door closer on my steel security screen door and never got a reply. I just decided to take a chance on ordering the Heavy model through Amazon after awhile. Secondly, the door no longer swings open a full 90 degrees, more like 75-80 degrees. I am happy with the purchase. "Several days later". Touch n' Hold has been very supportive and responsive. I found out that I installed one of the brackets wrong. I didn't follow the instructions closely. Also, I missed seeing the other videos on how to make adjustments. Kudos to Touch n' Hold for being so helpful.
We specifically bought this light for an 80's party. We were looking for more of a strobing type of light but we were clearly wrong on this order. It is a BLACK light. Even though this wasn't what we originally were looking for, our error, it ended up being a great addition to other lights we purchased. If anyone knows, the 1980's had a lot of neon and fluorescent colors. We switched on this light and everyone was glowing. It was hilarious. So, needless to say, this was a hit and worked exactly as it claimed.
Kinda cheap feeling, but they work fine for what I need. The child protective covers are hard to open.
Nice nightstand lamp. Very convenient USB port on the side of lamp, perfect for my phone charger. The brightness is just right, not too bright and very comfortable. Perfect for my bedroom. Good lamp but a little smaller than I anticipated
The light is a good reading light or something just to make a room bright enough so you don't trip in the dark. If you are looking for a bright light to light up the entire room this is not for you. When it comes to charging the air pod port works as advertised. It's quick and efficient. The iPhone charging, is kind of slow. This is just based off other wireless charging pads I've had. The WORST part is the charger for the Apple Watch. You cannot get the watch the stay on!!!!! I've tried using my phone as support to keep it on the connector wrapping the wrist band around the lamp and nothing works. Eventually, I jus used the original charger and sat the watch on the lamp too to make it seem like everything was together. Overall 3 out of the 4 things met my needs so I'm not disappointed
good, handy product, good price
Just as described---perfect match to shower trim.
Is bigger than I thought, quality of image is great.
Beautiful product. I thought this was wider. Keeping it for smaller projects.
This product was easy to install, compliments a variety of styles of bath from vintage to modern and is well made. Will buy a second complete set of this product line for my main bath remodel in the coming months.
It's very beautiful but can see the bulb when all stones are in place. I tried arranging the stones in different ways but it doesn't help. Despite this it gives a beautiful glow and I love using it.
Look geat in my daughters Harry Potter style room. Had problems with some of the screws and pull not really working together and used washer where it didn't screw all the way in.
The only thing that would make these lights better is it it extended to a taller height.
Worked and is working as good as the original, would not hesitate to reorder.
LIke the value of items for the money. They are not high end knobs but they will do the job and will look good on the drawers or cabinet doors. The base appears to be plastic surrounding a metal screw receiver and they are very light weight (not as heavy as I'd expect glass to be, but it's hard to tell.) Overall a good value for the money and they'll function as they were designed to do.
Love the lights, would've given 5 stars; unfortunately, only 3 of the 4 work. They've been up for 2 days now and the 3 that are working have no issues and provide a fair amount of light for my small back yard. The 4th light has something wrong with the circuit board as I can hit the battery button and it will flicker quick, but never remain on. When it does flicker though, it is bright just like the others.
It would be easier to install this faucet without a sink in place but that was not my case. I had to attach one water hose and the hose to the faucet working blind behind the sink...but I got it done. Stylistically, it's ok. The curved profile is not carried through to the soap dispenser, which you can see in the photos. And the fan-shaped controller is oddly pointed. The pullout is an old-fashioned flexible metal gooseneck which makes a fair amount of noise when pulling it or replacing it. (By comparison, the Koehler it replaced had a braided fiber covering and was much quieter.) The bottom line is I paid 1/3 or less than a Delta or Koehler product which was my choice. Where corners were cut are obvious now. But...it works and doesn't leak...so far.
I purchased the product so I could keep a eye on my personal garage in the evenings or when I was away. The picture is awesome and device is easy enough to setup. I did get some lag in the live view but i believe it's because the camera is so far from WiFi that it's not receiving the best signal. Overall, worth every penny, and great quality.
I use these to tidy up cables under my pedalboard for electric guitar. They are very durable and convenient. They beat zip ties because you can easily open and close them when necessary. I've never had one break while opening or closing. They don't stick to wood very well but I imagine they would stick well to any metal or plastic surface.
Very, very good quality. Would order again
We purchased this kit to light our work area in our home office. We had searched the big box stores and couldn't find anything to fit our specific needs that didn't cost 3-4 times as much. The light bars were a bit smaller than expected, but were easy to install. The light produced is more than adequate for our needs and we are very pleased with the finished product. The only drawback is the length of the main power cord. It was a bit short for our application. Overall, very pleased with the product and I would definitely recommend to other buyers.
Had to order 3rd one due to lampshades not matching on first two. Returned 3rd lamp with least matching lampshade. Other than that I like these very much. Great look for the price.
Works as described. Rubber connectors are reversible to easily convert between piping size. Helps prevent pump from back-spinning if there is considerable head downstream in drain piping.
I used a small hand pump garden sprayer to apply and then spread it out with a small paint roller on our flagstone patio. I let it dry overnight and found a couple of that were sticky. I think I let it puddle up in these spots and the sealer couldn't soak in any more. The spots wiped up with a rag just fine. The color of the flagstone, which was quite deep at first, did seem to fade a bit as it dried. Still it is so much better than before. I would not hesitate to recommend this product.
The paper looks blue and silver in the picture. But it is red,brown gold in real life. Was really nice paper to hang.
Seem to work well The adjustable sensitivity is a useful feature uses ordinary 9 volt batteries.
The product is great I was disappointed that I couldn't order the amount I wanted and had to do separate orders to get what I needed for my company
Beautiful sink. We love it, its big and very elegant. Probably the hoses are kind of short, other than that everything is as the product description says. I will recommend this item
Nice looking light on rustic home. After several months there is still no vapor inside the glass, but the light fixture itself is corroding.
Lights on this are bright and there are many options between green and red lights on the remote. My issue with the remote is that it has to be up close in order to work but besides that I have no complaints. It seems much more sturdy and well-made compared to the Star Shower. This one has a better power cord and attachment. I do wish there was a motion option as then I would definitely purchase another.
These are ok. You get what you pay for and they have a nice flicker to the light, similar to a real candle. Some didn't turn on, and some lasted only a few hours. I guess that's ok for one-time use.
Complete package deal. To repair a dryer.
Due to recent power outage caused by Hurricane Michael, I found myself with totally inadequate emergency light. I was without power for about 50 hours and was going bonkers from the lack of illumination. When I saw this on Amazon, I didn't realize it was so small, but that is probably a plus. I now feel ready for the next power outage since I can have light and also recharge phones, etc.
I have had a hot water tap for years, I love them! This one looks sleek and nice and works well. My only complaint is that I would like the handle on the other side since my hot tap is on the left side of my sink. You cannot switch it around, or move it to the back or anything, so for me its a little awkward, but it's just my personal preference. Overall, it works well.
This is pretty big . Works great
It's a little complicated to install but it works great.
Great Light but a little bit expensive.
Fit my dryer perfectly. It is not quit as sturdy as the original but is a good replacement.
A little overpriced, but aesthetically pleasing.
It works . I bought it for my enclosed fixture mounted on ceiling fan and used it for two months. I was going to buy more then I notice it was not rated for enclosed fixtures . So I will use it on my fixtures that are not enclose. I don't why they are not rated for enclosed fixtures so safety first- I bought some other blubs that are rated for enclosed fixtures instead -these cost about 50 percent more but are enclose . I need to pay more attention to the specification when I buy things -my bad
These work wonderfully other than for a couple of hours after sunset, one of them flickers on and off at about 2-second intervals. Eventually it stops switching and stays on. Tried different sockets and circumstances - it's definitely the bulb.
Like most Baldwin door hardware products, it is a quality, thick, heavy item. Matches my Baldwin lockset perfectly. Double boxed for shipping. Arrived with no defects. Carefully removed from packaging and put it up straightaway. A bit easier to mount if you have a helper. Classes up the entry door nicely. Nice item.
Seems like it works great, Has not caught fire or flooded my house yet. Turned out the change filter lite, increased water flow, tastes good. I am not able to assess the filtration, this filter is behind a $600.00 whole house filter. Will buy again.
Material and stitching are very good. Attractive and good feel. Two problems.: elastic straps cover parts of the screen and obstruct access to screen menu items & the pen holder should be placed in the middle instead of the top or bottom.
Ok, but quality of keys are cheap. Broke off in the lock after a while.
The only reason I didn't give this lamp a five star is because it's not glass, but plastic.
It's not very bright but it gets the job done. Motion sensor is a bit weak. Sometimes it detects the smallest things like a cat and other times it doesn't detect an adult walking by. I have one in front of my house and it does detect cars passing by that are about 20 feet away but doesn't detect me when I walk 10 feet away. Durability is great though. I have had them during the rain for 3 straight weeks non stop and they still turn on. So for the first 5 months, they have been good.
Exactly what the description read!! Perfect
Write later. Have not used. Waiting
They work well and are inexpensive. They TuyaSmart app provides lots of automation options, would give 5 stars if it worked with HomeKit.
love the versatility of 3 different color modes and dimmer ability! the crystals are very sharp and cut our hands / 4 were broke upon arrival took 2 of us 3hours to install/ love the lighting/ must be patient with the install!
Excellent outdoor fan. Have it on our covered but open porch. It really makes a nice breeze even on the hottest days, and it's quiet.
Easy to use. Looks cool. App needs a little work. Sometimes it won't turn off when I tell it to and takes a few on/offs for it to work. Kids love it.
I like them good quality heavier than they look
Each bulb comes with its own remote, but I have found it to be unnecessary as they respond to the same remote seamlessly which made it an added bonus. Comes with a wide array of colors as well as the option to fade or strobe. Would have been 5 stars if they were a little bigger and gave off more light.
My old Delta shower head start getting discoloration and clogged due to the hard water. Purchased a new shower head to replace my old Delta one. Can't be happier. This handheld shower head come with a 5 feet hose, it is much more convenience than a fixed shower head. The little booklet recommend to install the shower head with thread seal tape, however all connector come with washer, which I skipped it with no problem. Generally speaking the material and the design are high in quality. The chrome finish is pretty, the stainless steel hose is long enough for all sort of use. However there are couple connector/ball joint were made of plastic, I am a little worry about that. I am not saying that they are bad, they do fit well without any sign of leak. But I think it would be more durable if metal is used in any connectors. Overall, I would recommend this shower head. It is easy to install. The water pressure is fine even with flow restriction filter. And it also has couple water saving more, will slow the water flow to almost stop. For a environmentalist like me, can't be happier.
Bought these with intention to illuminate side of house during Christmas. Never tried it as the build didn't look like it would hold up outdoors and was much smaller than I thought. I repurposed 1 of 2 by placing it behind my flat panel TV and using as mood lighting. It works but I have to place it very close to wall so that the light reflects off it better given its small size. It's not a bad device, just not what I though It'd be. It's fallen off the back of the TV stand a few times without issue. No cracked glass and no dents. Keeps on working so it must get points for that!
Exactly what I was looking for. All the newer models do not have the same faucet adapter that this one does.
awesome light, not as sturdy as I expected, but perfect for a small kitchen, throws good light.
Good product. Easy installation. Just what we needed.
Just set it up and so far appears to work as desired. *BUT* really would like better instructions. The print size is so small it is impossible to read. And I had to search the Internet to find information on how to set it up to work with Alexa. It also appears that the same smart power strip is branded under multiple names.
good product only problem bungee cord does not reach across car needs about another 2 feet
Expensive but worth the investment to keep the pool in good shape.
Used for bathroom vanity and linen closet doors. These look very pretty on the black cabinets.
I like everything works and looks great
Easy to install but distance of 1000 ft for receiver seems to go down when multiple walls in between.
These are xmas gifts so have not opened them . Very fast delivery and well packed though
Great light. Puts out a good amount of light and with dimmers, it's adjustable three circle lights helps to put light where you need it the most. Would recommend.
Great faucet. A little louder than I would like but looks and works great.
I mean this stuff is ok. It's not as great as some of the videos I've watched made it seem but it does the job. However i TESTED it out on one of my painted items FIRST before doing the rest in the off chance it was horrible or ruined my paintings. I don't understand all these other posts says it ruined all my stuff! So just a suggestion, please test this stuff first before spraying all of your dearly beloved or valuable things with it. I mean I would guess it says that on the can some where too but I didn't read it all. Anyway it's a fine spray, similar to all the other clear coats I've gotten and not even close to comparable to resin.
These switches work well for my home automation system that includes zwave capability. They have worked well with daily use over a year now and seem quite durable. I have these on 4 fans in my house. Relatively easy to install and no issues setting them up. The issue I have is that you cannot determine the fan speed visually at the switch. You can barely tell if its on or off and you just have to guess at the speed. Since it just has the 3 speed settings, much like many manual controls that easily show this, I just cannot understand how they missed some method to show current speed. I guess 3 more LEDs would have broke the budget.
So cute and work great
It installed without issue, after a few months still going strong. The slots are not difficult to plug things in, and so far seems to hold up with multiple items charging at same time. The charge is decent but don't expect a quick charge, it's on point with other 2amp chargers in terms of speed.
After reading all reviews AFTER purchasing these I was prepared mostly for the connection issue which seemed to be the biggest complaint. My overhanging kitchen cabinets run approx. 2.5 feet from my behind the fridge power source, then form a right angle to the right and go for another 3.5 feet. (sorry, wouldn't let me upload a pic). The right angle connectors were the problem. Keeping the positive/negative polarity right, these angle connectors would only allow me to run the second strand to the left and I needed to go right as I said. I ended up using the straight wired connectors and hid the wires with the adhesive backed black clips provided. I wish I would have known this. Anyway connections were no problem thanks to the tips provided on these posts. No other complaints otherwise and they are bright which is what I was looking for. I would order again.
Good replacement for more expensive filters.
Love the look of the lights. Instructions were lacking.
Not much to say about this item. It functions the way it was meant to. But I do like the flexibility of the head. I can use it as a reading lamp but also as a floor lamp to provide lighting for a wider area.
Work perfectly well.
Very difficult to program. Use it only twice a year and I have to relearn how to set up all over. Instructions very poor.
I thought I ordered multi colored lights. But I'm ok with the clear. I'll still use them.
I mounted the lights under the dressers in our bedroom on a short extensions from outlet. When sliding out of bed your feet hit the floor and on come the lights. Giving just enough light to see your way around. Very nice for us older ones. Good product that is working well.
This is a very nice rubber mallet. It has substantial weight to it. Much heavier than the last mallet I owned. I am going to enjoy using this. I took off one star because I wanted the mallet with different ends, with one harder than the other. I practiced some with this, and verified the ends are both made of a semi-hard rubber. They are the same, except their color.
I am using them on an inside door to reduce noise as my son has night terrors. The do help some!
Sorry but it didn't last just a couple of times then it wouldn't ring. In garbage I am upgrading my review because seller sent me a message on how to fix my problem and it is working good now. Something went wrong after moving it to a different plug.
Bought these to replace some lost ones for ikea storage unit. These are a bit thinner - I ordered the 6mm but the ones I received were essentially 5 mm. Regardless they fit in the holes ok albeit a bit loosely and hold the shelves well.
I did not use this for monitoring outside temp/RH, thus, no rating for weatherproof. I put the sensor inside an enclosure I built for drying rough turned wooden bowl blanks. Prior to placing in the enclosure, I left the sensor in the basement, and had the monitor in a room upstairs. There was no problem with the signal finding the monitor. The temp and RH readings were compared to those showing on the thermostat in the basement. Temp accuracy was +/- 1 - 2 degrees. RH readings were +/- 2%. That level of accuracy was more than adequate for my purposes.
exactly what was needed
Super easy swap with a 12 year old helper. Solved the banging and out of balance.
It is working very well for me, no problem with install
One fell off but the rest are still up. Will update in a few weeks.
Nice 4 digit lock,a little difficult to program for my own code but works well,im using on my fence doors and they are perfect.
It is easy to install, and great when it works. 3 days after installing in my garage and just enough time to throw the shipping boxes away 4 feet of the light starts to flicker randomly. Now on day 5 it has progressed to the same 4ft feet randomly shutting off and turning back on. Pretty annoying when you are in the the middle of a project and you have to stop and go turn then the switch on and off a few times to get it all to work again. Update... Contacted company about the shutting on/off. They asked for a video, when they saw what it was doing no questions asked sent me a new light. New light is up and no problems now. Thanks guys !!
There were a LOT of hooks in the kit. Just know that they're not super durable. For the money they're not bad though.
had to change out the suspension rods in my washer, worked for lubing the attach slots
It is pretty on my wall but not so easy to install, the best way to install is carefully remove white paper from clear transfer paper and lay it on a flat surface sticky side up. Remove clear paper from decal and lay the whole decal page on the transfer paper and use a credit card to smooth it out removing and bubbles, using a ruler snd scissors to cut the bottom scroll off. Remove the white paper from decal and place the decal on your desired location use credit card to smooth out and peel transfer paper off making sure your letters are flat. Would have given a five but the directions were not easy
It took a little while to remove the slack from the belt - it was not obvious the belt routing through the buckles. Once installed it feels very strong and gives me piece of mind.
In love with my little baby night light that go in the dresser. I needed them to find pens and my glasses at night. So much better then dealing with a bright flashlight.
It's cute. Tiny and definitely a nice decoration. It wouldn't used as a light to read from or anything, but definitely a cute decoration. The quality of it seems good and sturdy.
The first one did not work very well. Returned it, with the courtesy of Amazon who refunded my purchase price. Ordered a second one and it works well. Very satisfied.
We have been using this furnace filters for years and though a bit pricey it is worth it.
looks well-made and the colors are attractive but i wish it had a phone charge port and many of the other power panels do. nice long cord and great colors.
Perfect for my daughter's dorm room. Bright colors and love that they have a remote
Clear and just what I was looking for. Seems to be wearing at the edges from turning it :(
It is a nice seat but installation was more difficult than other seats. It fits long oval toilets, not the common round ones you see in most homes. It closes nice and easy once it has been installed correctly. It took me a little work but now it is attached
Bought this to learn and do small house projects. For the price it's a good package and set up in not bad. The case is a bit tight in my opinion , so it can be difficult removing some of the pieces. All in all not bad .
I wish there were more Edison bulbs available with lower watts. I don't much care for the shape of this glass or the spiral filament. I prefer the vertical filament. But alas, this one is 25 watts so it's what I must work with. It's warm and amber. That I like. I tried the 40W Base Squirrel Cage bulb but it's too bright for what I am going for.
Works really well. Can feel a difference in the temp. Only complaint is it doesnt stay in one place so you have to push it bacl every once in a while
Good product for the price
fast service. i have not used them on my project yet.
They work and I like the white light they emit
Best solar lights purchased for lighting my driveway gate at night. Motion detection is extremely effective, am pleased with the lights.
Beefy brackets, one was slightly off the 90 degree mark. A little persuasion in the vice and all good. hard to complain though considering the price!
Just what I wanted but reliability seems short. Lack of information on how to return defective bulbs.
The size was smaller than I expected
Not the best ive seen, but not too bad either.
Kitchen faucet Replacement.
staying warm. Helps with eliminating drafts.
This is my second purchase of this product. The first was just over 2 months ago to light a dark area between us and my neighbor. It performs so well, I am purchasing for the other side. My only wish would be for a little brighter led, but for the money, buy it.
Worked well in flower vases. Only one string burned out right off the bat, all the rest are in great working order
not a lite weight, but it's strong (Like Bull)
This was my alternative to spending $600 plus somewhere else. Although it's painted, I like it.
Geometric shape. Color. Size. Look from a distance.
Generally easy to use and produced good results- so far I've painted a louvered door and a chest with it. My only complaint is that it could benefit from a durable container to store the tips, tiny wrench and cleaning brush in.
I am happy with the light, it fit perfectly in the drop ceiling and it's a natural soft white light as described. The only thing I dropped a star for is when you flip the switch there's a 1-2 second delay until the light turns on. It doesn't sound like a lot but if I'm walking at a brisk pace through the house in the morning when it's still dark and flip the switch mid stride while entering the room I'll be several steps into the room before I get light. Very slightly annoying, if I could give 1/2 stars I'd give it a 4.5 star review. Overall I'm satisfied with the purchase and I would still buy again considering the price tag.
Great fit on my shower door. Easy to install once I figured out the proper arrangement of adapters, gasket and screws. Could have included instructions to make it easier but not to difficult with some understanding of how the opening needs to seal.
I brought some salt lamps on clearance have the European cord needed replacement. I have order the butterfly clip but the base sat on the cord and is not even I have to put padding to raise the bottom up. So this time order already come with the base.
I was looking for a LED RGB light strip like this one because I saw a lot of Youtubers have these in their background, which is very cool. This one definitely meet all my expectation of the LED strip, good quality and have just enough of control setting can be changed into the way i wanted it. I set it on the top of my kitchen, it is the direction I am always facing when im eating and watching movies on my labtop. With the lights out, it looks awesome! My friends all like it pretty much.
Great so far. I am concerned with it having a great deal of plastic though. So far love it! Hose is metal so that is a huge plus.
I liked that it actually arrived before the projected date of arrival. Installation was easy; although a resource for instructions was provided, I didn't need it. The only thing I didn't like about the process is that I was never sure if I had ordered the correct product. None of the options described the specific appliance I have. I had to go solely by the physical appearance of the product image. I was looking for a Kenmore heating element and none of the options listed my make and model. The Frigidaire image looked like the broken element in my Kenmore, so I ordered it with fingers crossed. Thankfully, it appears to have been okay because it works again.
This was great for hanging three sets of string lights in our backyard across our pool. Came with most everything that was needed (however, since we had 6 connections, we didn't have enough parts). However, my husband suggests buying more heavy duty wire crimpers...the ones that came with the set didn't seem to stay in place and were sliding by the next day. We loved the black coated wire though since the big box hardware store only sold uncoated silver. The black coating blends right in with the string lights. The turnbuckles were a great idea and made getting the lengths of wire nice and tight. However, could have used a few more of them (in fact, my husband had to buy some extra). All-in-all, this was a good value and had enough if you were just hanging a set or two of lights, but in our case, with 3 full sets, we didn't have quite enough.
The wiring harness isn't as long as the original, but it does reach. It appears to at least as good quality as the original and it was easy to install. Also, it eliminated the loud "whistling" noise I was experiencing during filling. I would buy this again.
I get this for stars because the fixture is a little loose and takes adjustment to get the bulb to work at times. Gave this as a gift at a party and everyone loved it, it got stolen back during a dirty Santa game several times. LOL
Good value for your money and safety.
My client bought some European brand faucet and the aerator for stuck after few months of used. Those are not your regular sized aerator you can pick up at local hardware store. This a great replacement and only half of the cost.
I let them charge for a few days while in the off position. Put them up to check them out and they work fine. Don't ask how long they last because they are on for the first time tonight but they did go on when it got darker. I probably won't ever know how long they stay on cause I go to sleep, unless a neighbor tells me.
Since it's a one-use only ladder, can't really review but it looked like a quality product. My only complain is that it was sent in the product's original box, which is better than wasting another cardboard box but there was about a 2" slit in the box and then the shipping label was pasted over it. The ladder appeared to be undamaged, though.
I got these because I needed replacement pins for some already-installed hinges. Apparently the pins in these things don't come out... So now I need to find new ones.
Good when standing on the lower step but handle could be higher when standing on the second step.
The lights are bright and can be set to almost any color. By default they produce warm white light. The cool white color is subpar. It is just blue
We have an indoor hallway fixture that needs six of these, and we are constantly replacing them. We don't spend a lot of time in the hall, but they still seem to burn out pretty quick, sometimes in the space of few weeks, sometimes in the space of a few months. But they're so cheap, what do we expect? We've ordered three or four boxes over the past few years and we get the same quality product every time--four stars because they burn out at strange intervals but also... super cheap price.
Nice lock, but doesn't tell you what app to use for an android.
when I misplaced my metal knives they worked well and now that I found my metal knives I use them alongside the plastic knives interchangeable with no thought of ditching them
Well it seems to work but I bought it for the holiday Seasons
Fall apart every time I touch them from base. I still enjoy them.
Cute little lamp. Hard to find lamps that can be hung up and have a cord instead of a battery.
Very easy to set up!
Installation was pretty straightforward with this product. I have no complaints there. In fact, the guide included with the product to drill the holes was very helpful. Second, the lights are BRIGHT. I mean, painfully bright. Be careful where you mount this, you don't want to blind anyone, or yourself accidentally. I mounted this to illuminate a driveway, I put it off to the side as not to blind an approaching driver. The odd trait I mention in my title is that the light doesn't turn off during the day. It always senses and turns on whether it's night or day. Unless I'm doing something wrong. Which is possible. It's not a big deal, it's good for testing, but it will wear out the batteries faster. Good thing they're replaceable which is why I purchased this product over others.
Like it lots. Accurate, lightweight, stands, can be hung, or used w/magnet.
pretty straight forward design like most battery operated detectors , no surprises, easy to hang
I like how quickly it pumps. Wish it had a smaller siphon end.
Used these to replace some 7 year old units installed by our builder that were giving periodic false alarms. So far, so good.
A very nice set of lights for the money. Nice and bright and easy to install. The instructions say to wrap the connections with electrical tape which I did but I also put a nice glob of silicone at the seams to make it totally water tight. This should make it last a long time.
Works fine, but expected the cover to wrap around the light more. Most light leaks out the sides, maybe allowing more brightness than expected.
Like it Only downside is batteries die fast. Uses up batteries quickly.
These are great pads that can be cut to size. The adhesive is fairly decent as well, so I did notice a small detached section. This may have been due to slightly rougher material so overall I am satisfied.
Works fine, but very hard to see the small LED readouts when programming. I like the instant on or instant off feature button. I use this to keep my lights on my pepper plants for 13 to 14 hours a day it's very quiet when it turns on and turns off. I think it would be great if they offset the plugin either up or down so it would not take up so much room on the receptacle.
I immediately noticed the feel of my skin since installing. Very easy to install in the shower, came with a replacement and plumbing tape. No leaks.
Brings some peace of mind to know important documents are tucked away for safe keeping. This will hold multiple docs and is made of a tough material. It has a strong velcro closure.
Worked really well. The chuck adapter could have been longer for easier use.
The cart is smaller than I hoped for and it's tricky to fold but works great and durable to use.
Buld is very nice. Could be brighter but nice colors and setup was easy.
I got these for my vanity as the Ikea strip I have constantly kills batteries. I like the 3m sticky backs that require no holes in the walls or tools necessary ( the red paper was extremely difficult to peel off ) o love the dimable feature and also being able to switch from warm light to natural white is awesome! It came with 10 bulbs which is plenty in my opinion. The only gripe I have is you can't really wrap the cords around the bulbs as described. There are spots designated to wrap the cord around and are supposed to hold the cord down to keep it from being visible but mine would not stay down. Easy fixed I just got not hot glue gun and put a spot pf glue where I wanted the cord to lay. I would definitely recommend this to any friends looking for vanity lighting.
I have a stand-up bar, the type that has a mirror. I wanted to give it a little pop and took these and placed them around the back of it and the in the seems. The LED's give it a great ambiance and mood lighting depending on the environment. I've used the Bluetooth, and it's a great option, but for the most par tI just turn them with the attached in-line controller. I started looking at the non blue-tooth, but pull the trigger on these, just that option (should the controller fail) is worth the upgrade. One of the best options and one I am very thankful for is that this comes pre-installed with double-sided tape. There is nothing more frustrating than that not being an option and then having to go try and find double sided tape that fits and installing it.
Brand name batteries at a good price, quickly delivered. What else can one ask for?
It's cute, it's fun. One day I'll have a magical girl command center and it will light it.
Looks nice and works fine. We replaced our faucet with separate sprayer, with a faucet with the sprayer included, so we could use a built-in soap pump. The sink looks much better without soap bottles sitting around. The only downside is that the soap sometimes squirts out forcefully and hits you in the stomach...
Wish the adhesive was a little stronger
The lights do not remember the color you set so every time you turn them on you have to set the colors. However, price was good.
I thought it was cordless
Great organizer. I find the tester very handy. No reason to keep batteries that may not have a charge. It is rather flimsy, especially the hinge points. I have no need to mount it on a wall, but I could foresee that not working out well.
The fan is nice and quiet however, the light is very dim. The glass light diffuser is nice but too thick and restricts light output. Even with brighter bulbs there wasn't much improvement. I ended up replacing the diffuser.
This product is almost all plastic, but it's a nicely executed and we liked the style and price. However, the light color is quite bright and very cool and not acceptable for our hallway. In my opinion, this light color is only appropriate for something like a closet or utility area.
These lights have certainly improved the lighting in our kitchen and other areas in our home. The only weird thing is that they will randomly flash for a few seconds. Other than that, the lights are great! Great value!
Love it. It goes on and off at the appropriate times.
Great way to organize. Kinda bigger than what I was expecting but they work well.
Use mostly for changing light bulbs, etc. Mostly indoor use.
I ordered the black, wish they would have had a flat black as well as glossy
Got it for my back yard. I need the motion sensor, I need bright light, I need easy set up and this product satisfied all of these needs of mine. I am pretty happy with the purchase. The only weak point is the light use battery to work which means repeated replacement.
Great product, easy to assemble and gold finish is superb!
I got it today. I'll put it on the front porch and the back yard and the garbage can. It's very good. It's light, sensitive, convenient, very practical.
I use this lockbox for third party work. It is easy to use and sturdy. Very convenient and secured way to store keys for someone else to access my property.
GREAT PRODUCT. USE A LOT OF THESE.
I liked the convenience of ordering this online and that it arrived promptly.
Very bright light bulb, material seems very solid. Price is a lot cheaper than branded ones
May cost a few more dollars but very well made. Quality product.....I am not disappointed!
Great table. It is beautiful and sturdy, everything I needed for my front patio.
We put this amazing light in our finished basement for our kids to enjoy and enjoy they do! As soon as homework is done off to play they go. I am so very pleased with every aspect of this light bulb. Fun for everyone.
Well , I guess it works. Like to give it less stars but this was my choice of refrigerators... Extremely expensive and I'm not even sure it was needed yet. It did arrive on time and it fit, as expected.
Just as described and pictured, perfectly packaged and works great.
I love love these Christmas lights, we have always had lights but for the first time I was able to control it using a remote control... it's a very nice feature and my kids love it. The unit is not very bulky like many others that I have seen, the color is bright n covers a large area. I have received a ton of compliments on these... Fast Shipping too...
The lights are as described and are bright.I had hoped they were a little brighter,but I think this is as bright as a 15w light gets and they will do for what I need them for.The price is very reasonable,compared to the same lights that are being advertised.
It's so easy to install and works as advertised! Purchased twice !
I got these to replace the mid-century inspired legs on our leather side chair. These legs matched the style of everything else in our living room. I was so happy when they fit perfectly! I'm so glad we got them.
Smaller than I envisioned but does the job.
love this a lot work is very good for me
Wow, amazing how I got this product just in couple days, It's perfect unit for me to plug in my Christmas tree lighting and control through my voice control! This unit is so easy to set up, just as other apps compatible with Alexa! (yes definately a big fan of Alexa :P) if you have questions don't know how to set it up, please go over their instructions, very detailed teach how to set it up step by step. Highly recommended this unit with such price!!
I've tried several of the "economy" non-Kohler branded spray heads of this type. These Kohler spray heads are superior. We have very hard water, and for some reason the hard water causes problems with cheap heads much faster.
This is the second one I have purchase. My backyard lights up like daylight. Both plugged into a remote control extension which is plugged into an outdoor outlet. Much better than any solar light.
great in my room. It was amazing colorful lights.
Item shipped fast and as described
Great lamp and looks very expensive. Well packaged.
We use this in the shower for a second nozzle mount - it's better then what the mount originally came with.
It is great for my room because it is big
Lightbulbs worked exactly as advertised. Very happy with my purchase. I have had them installed now for a couple of months now without any issues. Definitely recommend for under-cabinet lighting
I absolutely adore this light, and I've received LOADS of compliments. It took me about 1 hour to put together- so nothing crazy there. My boyfriend installed a dimmer which works beautifully as well. I love this fixture.
Got my favorite Christmas light. Give it a try earlier which is really impressive. It's works wonderful . Can't wait for Christmas come.
I love this lamp so much, I bought 2! Put the right kind of bulb in and these babies shine! All the hardware was included to hang it easily. Going to Lowes and Home Depot, I just didn't see too many lights like this that I thought would be worth trying. Definitely recommend these! My house doesn't have any ceiling lights in the living room, now it has 2!
Nice color. My cabinet looks like new.
Perfect and great price!
Prompt shipping, excellent packaging. Thank you for your neat product (Edison light bulbs) and fine service.
Good quality connectors. Ordered three 2-packs to connect 12 lights in my garage. 1 of the 6 connectors was faulty out of the box, but the seller was helpful in sending a replacement. New one works fine, so all is well, and I'd recommend these.
Works perfectly with Wink hub 2
Maybe took 3 minutes to install and took care of the issue.
Paid 50$ for a used roomba and these have worked perfect fit right in.
This device is pretty easy to install if you have any modicum of plumbing knowledge. The video makes everything clear. This bidet is my first try at such devices and bought it because it was cheap and my interest was piqued. It has cut the need to TP way down and really leaves a bum feeling clean and refreshed. Can't speak for the ladies, however. My wife is still giving it the stink eye so I'm not sure if she is using it in secret or not. I don't check or ask. We have the cold water model only but I find it refreshing as the bum is not as prone to shock as the rest of the body. If you have been thinking about buying a bidet attachment, this has been a good one.
Lights arrived quickly. Had a minor issue with one and they shipped a replacement immediately. Love them. Very bright.
Works like it shoukd
Nice to have when your light go out or when you get up in the middle of the night to get a drink lights go on I have them in my kitchen.
Nice bright light, very easy to put on, can be used for holiday or daily lighting
Easy to remove. Hard to install. Could not get the threads to catch to screw in.
Using it as rain cover for patio furniture. Well made and durable. Protects the cushions against the rain very well.
We used these lights around our table while camping. They are smaller so they worked great for that purpose.
Fantastic I have a arctic entry way with no door small entrance way into house..and it is cold no heat put this up and the living room hold the heat ..would recommend..
Works well and resolved the F 21 problem. Very easy install. Simply no issues. In for a week now so need time for durability.
very clear install instructions
Efficient and effective
Amazing customer service. Quick responses. Easy to work with. And, very customer oriented.
Very good quality and glad I paid a bit more for these. Only problem was one of the box of 30 handles had 13 handles which had a hole spacing of over three inches. Fortunately I was able to use those for drawers and keep the three inch handles for the cupboards. Had that not worked out, I was close to having to return them. The second box was ok.....thirty handles with three inch spacing as advertised. So check the contents carefully when you get them.....I think I saw other reviews where people didn't get all three inch handles. I still rated it five stars due to the quality.
It was just what I needed
I like this drain snake better than others I have used in the past. The handle is sturdier and easier to hold onto. It does the job it needs to and works well with cleaning a drain. I have not used the grabber yet but it looks like it would function well also.
There were three sizes of screen in this package, which is nice because not all drains are the same size. Also, there were two of the smaller sized screens and I use those the most. Very happy with this purchase!! My sister saw them and ordered a bunch for her house as well!
Replaced a 13 yr rack -- I feel this newer layout can fit more smaller bowls and saucers.
I love this book light! I ordered this for my son, who is 9; we read books each evening before bedtime. My daughter, who is 6, also loved it, so I ordered one for her as well (only in white). All 3 of us love the touch feature and that there are three different lighting options. The best feature ~ USB Rechargeable!!!!
Very good product and recommend it!!
Great product and lots of uses around the farm and house.
Have been using it for a month and love it. Was really easy to install (only took 10-15 minutes)
This is an awesome LED smart desk lamp. Because it's slim and doesn't take up much room, I bought it for the narrow cabinet space next to my sewing machine. However, after using it a while, now I'd like to clone it for use in other parts of my house! It has multiple choices -- bright white, white and a nice off white. I use the bright white during the day and the off-white is better for working in the evening. The brightness is adjustable by just touching the level button, which I can use as the sunshine or lack thereof outside my window changes. It has a USB port, which is AMAZING and perfect for keeping my smartphone charged. It even has a timer feature I can touch before leaving my sewing area in case I get tied up elsewhere and can't come back to it right away. I appreciate how easy it is to adjust where you want that light to shine by just moving the top piece. The cord is also quite long reaching a good distance.
Half the cost of buying at the big box store. Great quality.
Works wonderfully with my LG refrigerator! Tastes just as good or better than the wonderfully expensive 🤨 LG replacements.
Works great! You can use the smart life app to schedule lights to turn on at sunset off at sunrise. I even use it to turn on heat lamp for my animals when the temperature drops below 40 degrees and it turns off at 41 degrees
My bunk bed was falling apart and it turned out we had lost some of the original bolts. I ordered these to replace them. They work great. The set even came with the tool to screw them in place.
Very handy. Built to last.
Love the large number wheels. Makes it easy for me to access. Might not fit on super small lockers.
Worked great turned them on Saturday evening at 5 pm most were still going at 1 pm on Sunday
These are good. Nice and bright. Will buy again.
Excellent product. Works exactly as advertised. Used it on recent trip and was very pleased. I highly recommend this. It's easy to see the numbers and work the lock.
It came a day early and it looks great i got 2 and there pretty fast update one didnt work and it was broke so I traveled all the way to the shop 2 hr away only to find out my pumps didnt work
Unlike other reviews I read before buying , my locks came sealed and with matching codes , nothing really special about the locks besides being reliable and sturdy locks good for use at a gym .
Good pressure and long life of the filter, thanks
bright light, works just fine.
we installed these over the weekend. Very easy installation. We purchased two sets and connected them. VERY bright and look great along our walk. Update. one of the lights stopped working and the company sent us a new one for free. Great customer service!!!!
Lights are bright and easy to install. Work great
Easy to install. Nicely constructed.
I keep several of these on my travel backpack and use them to close bags, attach luggage together, zip tie my wallet chain to my belt loop, and in so many other ways. Wonderful product.
Easy to install. Great to predict water temperature fluctuations. We really like the flow and size of the showerhead.
Very nice shower head and well made. Enjoy it very much.Love, love, love. Super easy to install in minutes, great pressure, good hose and long. Well worth buying.Great price! It looks expensive! Well done. So far so good.All in all, this purchase is very satisfactory
Of all the soap dispensers I have used this is by far the best. It's easy to install and fill and it's quite substantial. Soap is always ready to dispense on first try and there is no leakage. Great product.
Good quality very bright, adjustable angle makes it great to shine at every direction
Great price, very easy to install, extremely bright lights up my whole yard. Very happy with this purchase.
I use this glue for craft work, I build rustic wall plaques out of cast iron parts. Absolutely have never had a piece fall off yet. Slow to dry, but worth it in the end.
Have only used a few of the connectors so far, but they seem to the the same quality as some of the more expensive ones. I'd buy again.
Perfect replacement knobs for a recent kitchen remodel. Instead of paying nearly $3 per knob, these were less than $1 each, and seem to be of comparable quality.
This alarm is sensitive and loud. Prefect for what we need it for. Our lift station doesn't always work and would flood the basement occasionally when someone showered. This alarm alerts us as soon as a little water comes up the floor drain so we can address the problem immediately. We can hear it from the main floor. Perfect solution until we can get a new pump. So much easier than cleaning a flooded basement! The only issue that we had with this os that the screw on the battery compartment is very small. It came with a small screw driver (about the size of an eye glass repair screw driver) but the screw was too tight to use that. It took us multiple tries and a different small screwdriver to get the screw out. Fix that one problem and you've got a great product for a great price!
I needed a light for my music stand. This fits the bill perfectly. It has two levels of light and clips to the music stand. Be aware that its power is through a USB connection, not a regular plug, so you need a USB power source to plug it into.
Worked great for a generator back feed extension cord. Don't hesitate to buy this.
Handle installed easily. Had to take door apart. Color is not as bright white as original handle. Have been using about a month. No issues.
Arrived on time and was exactly as portrayed on the website.
Sturdy, well built drop box! Ended up returning but only because I was unaware that my new office already had a drop box. If I need to upgrade I will definitely purchase again!
Helping me see when I sew and work. I like the 2 brightness settings, the fact that it converts from a floor lamp to a desk lamp.
Very easy to set up, and does so much more than just monitoring temps. It monitors door being opened/closed, smoke alarm detections, flooding detections, and shows the history of each monitoring categories. Of course, I can monitor all sensor's all monitoring categories on the App via internet anywhere in the world. It also has one small attachment for sliding door monitoring option. Thoughtful.
Great. I really recommend it. Thanks a lot
Just what we wanted.. Easily installation.
They had no hassle returns and made it simple and easy. I will use again in the future
Super easy install and it does its job.
Very Good performance
Elegant and works great for my little daughter's room!
Works fine , didn't fix the overflow problem that exists . Must not be the problem
Fast delivery great lighting for the money
I love the quality of the product and the nice rain shower produced by it. Including a high-quality metal extender arm was a nice plus. I also bought a valve on Amazon that allows me to toggle between the fixed shower head and a handheld one-it also allows you to split the water stream. With this setup, it's like being on vacation at an expensive hotel. The shower head will require periodic cleaning to ensure that the water nozzels are not plugged, but that takes only a minute.
It's a very beautiful lamp. I was looking for something that goes with my smart bulbs and it is a perfect match. It looks good even with the lights off.
Installation was a little tricky, needed an adapter that we discovered with too many phone calls and emails with Toto, but it's working fine, although it's not a substitute for paper.
The cleaner arrived early. It's easy to use. Will buy again.
These lights work great in my barn / shop. Easy to install
Works well at the gym. Easy to set combination.
Was thrilled with this magnifying lamp. No problems whatsoever. Highly recommend.
This door knob set was just what I needed for my remodeled bathroom. It looks nice, was easy to install. Now my wife wants to change the Door knob sets in all the bedrooms.
Works perfectly in my porch light.
Excellent. Took seconds to install.
Solid light that does what I expected. Have not used the USB yet though
Very good plate hanger. Fits good and hangs nicely.
Quick and easy to use, just enough light to be perfect for a baby room without waking the baby up. would be great where noninvasive lights are needed!
Perfect for my dryer. Installed it and the dryer started right up.
They worked great! Would have saved me some time if they came with directions
They work in all three settings. I'm happy.
Love these lamps. A real bargain. The USB port is especially useful.
Have a 4 bulb vanity fixture with like style incandescent, replaced 2 with the LED bulbs and could not tell the difference.
Simple little sprayer, only thing that took some time to figure out was which spray nozzle to use. Worked great for painting garage.
Exactly as described.
Runs multiple a/c units daily on pre-programed intervals . Failed only during internet outages.
Excellent replacement part. Good as original.
We have these on the driveway, garage and on the fence in the back yard. No need to leave the back light on anymore when we go away. Surprises anyone who is lurking around and not expecting it too :D They are bright and helps when I am unloading groceries from the car at night. Planning to get at least 1 more for the back yard, maybe 2.
Great product. Light is really bright. It floods an area with lighting and it seems like it will last a long time. I will be testing soon.
I'm unsure why this vendor is effectively charging 1/2 the price of many other sellers that don't even include the weather stripping. This is the exact same product, same manufacturer, packaging etc. It does a great job so I'm not going to question it too hard. A suggestion to anyone that wants to reinforce the sweep so not have to rely on the adhesive alone; use a small wood screw drilled through the upper part about an inch from the edge on both ends of the sweep. Space a couple more in the middle. PURELY OPTIONAL - Dip or brush screws with white paint BEFORE installing them (if you do it after it is really tough not to have any spots of over-paint and your white paint won't be a perfect match so it will show). Also make sure to use a flat headed wood screw instead of round head for cosmetic reasons as well.
The lights are bright and the wire is sturdy. Good battery life. Great product!
Arrived quickly wrapped in shrink wrap plastic in a box the 3/16 size is good for GY6 scooters it's soft and pliable yet strong hard to kink
Well made and beautiful. O
She loves it. All that matters. Looks high quality and nice.
Excellent value and each unit worked as advertised.
These work great and are great quality.
Little compact light with simple wooden feature. Looks great on white wall and VERY easy easy to install.
This product is great ! My sink was clogged and I got it fixed and these deff have made sure it's not happening again !
Product felt quality. Product exceeded my expectation on look of finish.
Lamp is used as a bedside lamp. It is solidly made and just as pictured. This is not something that will tip over. Was pleasantly surprised at how well made the lamp is. Might not work if you have a small or lightweight table due to diameter of lamp and weight of lamp, but it is perfect for my needs. Color of lamp is a soft cyan and is as pictured on the website.
Fit my sink and kitchen faucet, looks great, easy install. Metal not plastic.
Saving energy during the cold weather
Replaced same model I had for almost 20 years.
Great device if you have kids at home and want to limit their video game/tv time. Every parent should get one of these!
A real good price at the time of purchase.
I have zero issues with it. Works well for green screen application purposes.
Best led outdoor lights
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! Everyone that sees this wallpaper absolutely loves it! I was able to put it up by myself without any help. I've never used any kind of wallpaper before. It was really easy. The only annoying part was having to match up the print, but you have to do that with any wallpaper. It's great quality! I was easily able to peel it back off if I needed to fix a spot. I have slightly textured walls and it wasn't a problem. It's been on for three weeks now and is still perfect. Now I want to put wallpaper more places. So glad I bought this!
Brighter than some nightlights but not too bright.
Little gators are just what I needed for my test bench!
Just a little bit brighter than I anticipated, but exceeded my expectations.
I bought these for my contractor to install during our remodel. He asked how much I paid for them and immediately wanted the link so he could buy them for his other jobs. These handles are exactly right, heavy duty, sturdy and beautiful. So glad to find them here!
Works great-perfect for double sink
Very nice and strong. Has a very classy rich look. I love it in my kitchen. Let's see how long it last.
Love this light. Looks great as in my entry way. Was easy to install and put all the pieces together.
I keep this small plunger handy for my bathrooms. It's an easy way to release none hair clogs in the sink drain.
So much fun for our new shop!
I purchased the rgb flood light to illuminate the wall on my house.Great assortment of colors, accents the house well.
As Described! Thanks
Loud sound and even if I forget to charge the case for a couple days it still has enough charge until I can get home and charge them. They do disconnect sometimes but it's very rare, I think it might be my work environment and not the earbuds themselves. Great product over all!
Seller very responsive- Great Customer service! Great part.
LED bulbs are awesome. We will start to replace all our bulbs with these when they go out.
What i was looking for A+
Found these from a YT electricians page and they are great. Had to rewire some switches and install a new light fixture in my new-to-me house and used these to replace some of the standard twist style connectors. These seem like a much sturdier connection and it's really easy to undo the connection if needed. They should put this lever style connection on switches and outlets, the lever action grips the wire better than those push lock style alone which I've found easy to pull the wire back out, but not on these lever nuts. I got the multi-piece set to start as I didn't know what I would need and tossed that into my 'go' toolbox I keep handy in case I need to go fix something at my rental house. I could easily see needing to order a bulk pack of the 3-wire connectors as those I've used the most so far. I'm not an electrician, don't know if the real pro's use these, but as a homeowner/DIY'er they seem much more pro than just a twist connection and some electrical tape.
This product came to us quickly and in perfect condition. It was packaged well and exactly as described.
Wow these are great!! Good addition to our porch at night!
I absolutely love this. Now I can give my kids a bath and feel safe knowing nothing bad will come in the water. A specially because we leave in a place where the water isn't the best
I purchased the bulbs January 2018. They were easy to install and bright. I ordered another 6 pack february 2019 to replace one kitchen lamp that blew out after 13 months.
They are what they are and they work great
This thing makes your life so much easier!
The faucet has been installed, and no water is leaking. The supply line provided with it just reached the length of my supply valve. The cover board turns over the other two holes and looks great. The faucet is very good in appearance and work. As long as you know that the forwards are hot and the rear is cold, everything is fine.
Pretty simple product- works as described.
These motion sensor lights work really well and the fact that there are 2 in the order makes them a good buy. I use them in a dark pantry cabinet and they give off bright light so finding what I am looking for is a breeze.
Everything was included install wasn't too bad and they work great
I love the look...very farmhouse industrial...just what I wanted. Great price, great look and great quality.
Purchase for my in-laws for Christmas. We got them an Alexa last year so this was the perfect addition. They love it! Very simple to set up
tape was easy to use and quite thin, as expected. So far it is holding the outdoor carpet well.
Super easy to setup and install. Didn't have to reprogram the remotes. Two screws, set the code, and you're done.
Great price. Very durable.
Works well, loud alarm. Bought for daughter in college and her roommates. Girls give them the thumbs up!
I like this lamp. It has multiple color zones.. Very nice. It has worked out well for me. I recommend it for drafting and art type applications.
Item arrived on time and when plugged in worked. I would buy from seller again.
battery arrived promptly, needed it for key fab for car. Works great!
These are very well made and easy to install. The felt is firm, thick, and appears to be durable. Great!
LOVE these bulbs! They are in the lights I use for reading just before sleep. The light is soft, yet enables me to see my reading materials clearly. I do believe it relaxes me and allows me to fall asleep more readily!
Great looking lamp for a reasonable price. Takes a low watt bulb though so I use in a small hall. Looks very pretty.
It's the perfect size for what I needed it for.
Fit right in with the old breakers and works like it should
Very cute, solid and looks great.
Could not match the old seal of my old door. This kit was just the ticket. Screwed the Aluminum rail onto the bottom of the door, and the seal slides right in. FYI the Aluminum rail comes in two pieces , so just make sure they are aligned.
Just as advertised. Works well with our decor.
Product works well and the product description was very accurate.
Looks to be a strong well made bulb.
Super cute festive light. Includes everything you need for a quick set up and easy to turn on and off as well as switch modes. Covers a large area with perfect coloring for a nice and classy scene. I added a quick little video of all the modes, can't wait until winter so I can put this out
I use this on alcohol ink paintings. It works to seal the ink in place and as a base for UV spray. And or resins.
This is the neatest light bulb I've ever had! It fits perfectly into my small chandelier over my bed and it lights up the ceiling so nicely. It had different settings, changed by turning the light off and in again. We like the simulated fire light. It's fascinating to watch and we've enjoyed it. It's a neat change to just regular bulbs! Options, options, options!!
Love it! Best purchase ever. Love being able to answer my door when I'm not home and always knowing when someone is at my door.
I gave this to my sister as a gift. She uses it on a patio table. We both loved it. It's really nice to have to option of color changing or white.
Love this! Funky cool boho. I didn't read that I have to attach some wires but my husband will do that. Super cute for my Boho/Gypsy/Witchy kitchen. Very easy to hang, no issues.
Waterproof outdoor camera ,I installed it outside ,it can work well even in heavy rainy day ,just very impressed with this function ,easy set up and the image is very clear ,JUST WORTH THE PRICE .
I found a split in my rubber roof and ordered this for the repair job. I waited for a dry day where the temperature was above 40F. Measured the split and cut a piece large enough to cover with spare on all sides. Cleaned the rubber roof with rubbing alcohol. The hardest part was removing the cellophane-like material that covers the glue. Once that was off I positioned and pressed it in place. Very happy with it.
Love these. Had a power outage and had these on the table on my deck charging. Brought them in and WOW, did they light up the house.
I recently replaced several light fixtures in my home and replaced the old candelabra bulbs with these LED bulbs. They light immediately - not like the old ones that had to "heat up". They are cool to the touch even after they have been on for a period of time. I did need to change out my old dimmer switches with new ones that accommodate LED's. Very happy with these!
Loved this locked, it came a lot faster then expected and was perfect for what I was looking for! The only thing is the engraving isn't deep it's very shallow but none the less I would totally buy this again!
I needed this for my shower mainly for my hair! Water is too hard and I learned this kind of filter shower head will help. It's super easy to install and won't leak if you do it right, it come with everything you need so you don't have to run to Home Depot. It's a great choice and cheaper than install a water system at your house!
Easy replacement kit. Good instructions. Just take the old filter off and put new on. Don't forget to run water throw it.
Lightweight, doesn't take up much space when folded, good height. I keep it in my coat closet when not in use. Holds decent amount of weight.
You can't buy cheaper batteries that will last longer anywhere else. A solid bargain and delivers expectations.
We used this on our apartment door that had a lot of space that let in the super cold air here and ran our heating bill up. This, combined with Nest, saved us 50% off our heating bill. Applying this took maybe 10 minutes. Another bonus is that our house rabbit does not care to chew on it, and she likes to chew everything.
I ordered these extra parts for a Shark Lift Away vacuum and now my vacuum is complete! Thanks for the speedy delivery!
I really like this product I got first time in june when the pack only has 6 in it,now it comes with 7 and the price is great I reordered it now so I could share it with my son. I got him ,I got him a Pur filter for Christmas.
I'm running duel inverters plugged in reversed A/C direction on an outside solar setup. Each side is independent on/off. Smart app keeps track of solar generation via WiFi as a combined total. Smart app [not included] (Smart Life) WiFi displays daily/monthly usage as a total only.
Have it in a hallway closet and love it.
inexpensive and work well.
we wanted new matching thermostats with a big screen and basic functions. this is it.
Pretty amazing got this for my husband who always stresses about wether or not he remembered to close the garage and he worries no more!
This smart plug works exactly as described. This is the second set of 2 smart outlets I have used for several months. Mostly used to control lamps and Christmas lights, the outlets are simple to add to the free Smart Life app. The schedule function triggers on/off of the outlet exactly when set. Multiple methods exist to override the schedule and also an on/off button on the outlet itself allows local control when needed.
I didn't have a problem quick connecting anything. Came out looking super clean. Used for a vehicle purpose.
My sister absolutely loved it ! Was 4 years ago and it looks brand new on her wall!
It is a fish pole for wiring. I use it with a USB mini camera to catch ends of wiring in tight, inaccessible places. Works well. Seems sturdy, but time will tell. Like the extra ends.
Very simple to install, and sturdy enough to hold 50 pounds. I like the look of the floating shelves and it takes less wall space than conventional brackets. Win-win for me.
A little too bright.
If you have kids with toys, save some money and buy this huge pack!
Very bright. Good portable light.
preformed as expected, I was happy with the quality, price was reasonable although not a "super" deal, delivery was as stated, and I would purchase from the seller again.
These rivets are very good Easy to use.
This lamp is perfect for our living room, which doesn't have a built in light fixture in it.
The brackets that hold the bar arrived with a few small dings on the flat surface, and a tiny flaw in the finish. Tiny, but I wanted them to look perfect. Everything else arrived looking great (my hose is metal). I called Delta and they are sending me new brackets.
The best wireless lights around
Had a really great feel an ergonomically fix a hand very easily quality material the hose seems great real happy with the product
This product is better than any other lip balm I've used, and ive used just about all of it out there. This lasts longer, handles wind burn better, moisturizes faster, and doesn't wear off as easily.
They look great haven't installed them yet
When I bought expensive furniture, the store recommended this polish. So did a friend who is an interior designer. I have now been using it on fine furniture for about 5 years. It does a nice job and does not leave build-up. Fairly expensive, so you might want to use it on just the good stuff.
Needed a smaller ceiling fan for a small bedroom.. the box was not wired for a ceiling fan so the remote control was a great feature. I wish the light kit was a little brighter but overall very satisfied with the product. Installation was quite simple and I was able to do it myself.
I replaced my old Waste King that was 25 years old because it sprung a leak, but was still working with this new one.
What more is there to say? Have had these in our home for about 5 weeks now. No problems whatsoever. They even recovered after 40 min power interruption with no action on my part. In fact, I'm so pleased with these 4 plugs that I'm on the site to purchase more and got distracted reading others comments. Happily, they remain the bargain they were before.
I wish I bought these sooner. I noticed a significant savings in just a month as I used to leave to lights burning 24/7 in the front and back yards. These LED lights are very bright in a positive way and help me to easily see my front driveway area as well as my back patio area in the back.
Ordered 2 of these, and they are exactly what I needed. Item arrived undamaged. Assembly was a breeze once I figured out a system. The pieces fit snugly without glue, however I highly recommend using a little dab of glue on each joint/dowel for added rigidity/stability.
We,ll be putting it up soon. Looks simple enuf to install.
adheres to my cabinet door well, works as promised...nice and thicker than the builder grade ones .
As promised...it works!
Decent fan. Covers a 12' x 14' room pretty nicely. Light is subdued but still illuminates fine. Very nice feel to the room.
Same light quality and brightness as our 100W halogens, which last little more than a year. Good build quality on these lamps, fit in our sconce lamp sockets as expected. Highly recommended.
Product seems to be a great paint for what I used it for, shower floor!!!
Used this to redo my cat's scratching post by hot glueing it. worked great
For the price and easy installation, this one is defintely a winner!
At first I didn't think it'd work because I had it plugged in and nothing was turning on, then I realized I just had to flip the connector that connects the LED strip to the USB wire. So if you think it doesn't work, remember to flip it and try the other side! There are so many color and display options! I personally prefer using the pink color haha. I have this right behind my computer monitor and it just looks really neat. The instruction packet had clear instructions that were easy to follow and the remote is is easy-to-use. Also note that once you cut the strip, you can't use the rest of it as it doesn't plug in anymore. You won't be able to attach the strips on all 4 sides of something unless you bend it a bit; cutting it in 4 pieces will NOT work as only one side will work (the one that attaches to the USB wire). I personally use just one strip at the top of the backside of my monitor and it still looks great. Either that or you can put one strip across the middle of the backside.
I bought these hoping they would fit a whirlpool refrigerator and they do. If I ever need a bulb again, which I don't think I'll need, these will do the trick.
It help little more air flow, need more stronger.
This is the best varnish that I have used!!! The finish is just Beautiful. I started out just redoing my BGE cart and ended up buying 2 more cans and redoing all my outside furniture. Just amazing product. Thanks Great product.
Great value and price.
Just got these for my dining room. Easy to install. Lighting is really good. Really impressed!!
They're perfect! Exactly as described, the on off switch is easy to hide so you can put them almost anywhere I love them!
Great filter for my LG refrigerator. Would recommend and will buy again.
My grandkids love this when they come spend the night. This is the second one I have bought. The first one got broke while camping but we had been using it over three years. Uses batteries and plugs in. Love it!!!!
We love them! I like super white light and these were exactly what I wanted!
Easy to install - good buy
I was able to install myself which was a total surprise. It was a perfect replacement for my front door
Good price for dimmable LED bulbs. I bought the white light for use in a room often used for reading. Everyone finds the white light comfortable for reading. I'll follow up on the life of these bulbs in the future.
Helps keep the bottom of my oven clean.
great product, fast service would buy from again.
Great quality works well
This doorbell have so many ringtones! I have a big house and this bell is loud which is a very good. Very easy to install. Just put batteries and plug it you are good to go.
Well made fixture, clean lines, easy to install. Warm even light , good dispersal from sides and bottom. Not harsh even at night. I would recommend it to a friend.
Works great very handy
I was looking for cheap but pretty decorations for my daughter's evening backyard wedding. I found these, easy to assemble, LED lights worked well, Received many compliments, everyone wanted to know where I found them!
Love them! Look great. I need to order more!
Needed to retrieve my hidden in this thing. Talk about a strong magnet. Works great.
These are so pretty and worth the price. I ordered a second set!
These bulbs go under the stove hood and have two brightness settings.
I bought this as a gift to a friend. Their kid loves the colors. It even comes with remote control!
These little guys are cheap and really easy to replace and if you're looking at this review you probably need to buy some. They most likely will get your agitator agitating again. Once installed your agitator should work like new once again. expect them to last a few years and be ready to replace them again. It takes about 5-10 minutes and is super easy, just watch a video.
Cant beat this price and perfect
I am using this as a hand towel holder. I am tired of the typical counter top towel holders aren't tall enough so your hand towel is sitting partially on the counter top. I have received numerous compliments on how stylish-modern this looks. Very sturdy base with a nice cushion and very easy to assemble.
Great decorations. Easy to put together
Needed them for a couple of shelves and lowes didnt have them. They work great and would definitely buy again in the future.
I've been using this stuff for over 20 years. A single can lasts a very long time. For expensive varnishes and oil paints that you wont use for years, this will save you money and time by keeping oil based products from hardening in the can.
I bought this for my next door neighbor, because he has two children at home, you can always see what the child is doing. He can see the child's movement in the bedroom in the kitchen, which is very suitable for giving him a gift.
Needed this to install a wireless router in a small closet with no electrical outlet. Works like a charm, and you can't ask for a better price!
Replaced handles on two old outer doors, and the new handles were smaller and left an open gap ... these covered perfectly .
Installs easy and works the bomb.
Exact replacement for my opener. Quick shipping too.
I already have used the led strip lighting from the vender and love it. These are even better with a remote. Easy to install plus they give you backup sticky tabs for mounting which I didn't get with my blacklight strip. T.y.
Take your time when installing anything. I was in a hurry, crossed wires and sent a batt main right into the vtx. Instant BEC explosion. Loud pop. Scared the crap outta me and then came the smoke. I've had one before, thats how I was able to rate. Good company, AKK imo
I've been ordering these since we moved into the new house! They work great! Highly recommend
I really recommend this product. very comforting and easy to use and set up takes seconds.with easy to use self adhesive to stick to any surface. .
Worked great and super easy to use for a project we were working on. Better system than using bolt or nailing connections.
Hair keeps clogging up my bath shower drain and the sink constantly. I needed to get a snake drainer as a recommendation from a friend. Decided to get this since it comes in sets of two. I tried it out and was able to pull out some hair. My sink and shower drain started to unclog. Glad that this worked! Glad this worked out!
These switches are easy to install. I seem to have a 50:50 change of getting the load wire right first try, but you just switch wires if you miss. On 3 gang boxes I used a pig tail to tie into the common and ground as they were getting a bit much for the wire nuts I used. Connectivity is fast and easy. We use the Smart Life app to connect and after we connected the first switch to our Alexa the rest were picked up automatically. For exterior lights these are terrific. The are great for scheduling lights when you are away from the house. We also use one to help with the morning alarm, amazing what sounds kids can sleep through. I really like the mini light on the switch that tells you the light is off and help you find it in the dark. I was only going to install a couple but now I'm headed towards the whole house. Next I think I'll try some 3-way and dimmer switches.
This sturdy little lamp is great. The on/off switch is on the lamp base, so you don't have to search in the dark for a switch somewhere on a cord. It takes up little space on the night stand. With with a 1000 lumen, 2700K LED bulb and no other ambient light, it gives off just enough well-directed light to comfortably read an old-fashioned, paper and ink book.
Very flexible, perfect for doing homework
This door bell has so many sounds better than the other one I purchased. I like that it lights up so when I dont hear it I can at least see the door bell. I also like that it is very noticeable and loud so that way I never miss a person at my house. Only thing I dont like is that I wish I could make my own sounds.
Just what I needed!! Now I can use my water filter I've been waiting to use for months! Thank you so much! Easy to attach, didn't try all of them but the ones I used all fit but the biggest one of them all was the best one! And nothing was leaking from it! Again, thank u so much
Works flawlessly. Being a double outlet is a huge bonus for my sons gecko tank that has a daylight and a nightlight that need to be physically turned on and off depending on the time of day. Many times, my son is not around to plug or unplug the lights and the gecko suffers because of it. No more suffering little guy! These flip from one light to the other in a virtually seamless fashion. Very impressive, but I'm easily amused, so...
So the doorbell is simple you put the battery (included) into the part you screw into the side of your home. then you plug the reciever into the wall in a place you can easily hear it but not be a plug you will miss. That is it. The push the button it rings. Love it when system operates exactly how it is supposed to.
Exactly what I needed and perfect color spectrum
All parts arrived. However it arrived late via Prime and had to return it.
Very easy to hook up and extremely bright. Lights up my whole backyard.
Very strong for the money. Satisfied with this purchase.
We use these as reading lights in our boys' bunk beds and they are great! They open farther than others so it fits on the frame of their beds with no issues! Have had no issues with either of them and we have had one of them for several months now.
These were the best for moving furniture around on new tile floor.
Wow! Super bright! I only need to use one bulb in all of my multi bulb ceiling fans and lights.
I wish the cord was a little longer, but it works great. I like all the setting options.
Love it. I'm going to get more.
Good, bright light. Controls a bit complex, but I only want it to turn on and off, have mastered that.
Loved these for our all white rustic kitchen. They are subtle and beautiful and we've gotten many compliments
We love these wine racks. They are a great option if you do not want to spend a ton of money. We purchased two and they fit perfectly side by side in the bottom of our pantry. There were not any instructions for assembly but you really do not need any. We put them together in just a few minutes.
This is the second time I have ordered this item and I have been very pleased. It works great and is a good price!
Attaches easily & love the on/off button on it, which works great.
LOT EASIER THEN THE SMALLER TILES AND LOOKS NICER I WISH I WOULD HAVE FOUND THESE BEFORE I WASTED A LOT OF MONEY ON THE SMALLER TILES.
Looks perfect in my warm industrial living room
Could not do better than Amazon for price and size.
This is just what I needed. A nice assortment of crimp ends for any project. There is about twenty of each end or piece.
I re-wired my fluorescent fixtures to use these LED light tubes. This eliminates the ballast transformer and directly connects the tube to the 120 VAC circuit. This is very easy to do and the result is a nice bright light that should last a long time. The only Con is that there is a fraction of a second delay after you turn the switch on before the light comes on. Otherwise they are exactly what I wanted.
Very nice lamp for piano. Bright enough and not too big.
This was definitely a better mailbox than I expected. The depth is around what I expected, but the width was much wider. Great quality, cost, size
Arrived as promised and so far so good.
I'm not the best computer person, so I had my grandson set them up in about a minute. I fee good when I go away because if I get a signal from them I just call my neighbor to check the house. Best of all I can tell my neighbor exactly where the problem is.
Nice lighting for my kitchen. I replaced some very old track lighting.
Christmas decorations are what come to mind when you see this, right? Why not use it to plug in a few lights and have them turn on and off for added security when you're on vacation?
Awesome seller just as desired
love this fan not one person that has been to my house been in aww over this fan
I love this product. With the ability to change settings it allows my kitchen to stay lit once it starts to get dark and looks great too with the design. I was going to spend the extra cash to install lights under the cabinets but can not justify now. I would recommend this to EVERYONE!
Better than price reflex's. Easy to assemble, took 25 minutes. Its not a high quality piece but higher than price reflex's. It is sturdy even comes with a light bulb. The plugs for the chargers would be better located in back but find this a convenient addition. It is practical for use in family room. Not disappointed at all.
These have worked perfectly! They stay on & protect or luxury vinyl flooring.
It really bright. And easy to install. Btw i can change angle of the light so easy. And it flexibility.
This company stands by there product outstanding.
Just installed the UV water sanitizer. Packaging was complete and arrived in good condition. Materials seem to be of quality. Installation was easy. Will have water retested in a few days to see results. As of now, very pleased with purchase.
Globe was perfect for my lamp. Came well packaged with white gloves for fingerprint free installation.
Incredibly bright and lights up my outdoor patio well. Now I have no problem seeing what I'm grilling during these shorter days.
Very satisfied with the product, meets expectations
Works great in my 9 year old dyson. Product as described and arrived quickly. Saved us from buying a new vacuum!
Product works as advertised. Easy to cut as needed.
Easy to lay down.Received this on friday night,spent saturday training our dog,on sunday morning he went downstairs by himself for the first time.Prior to this our stairs were too slippery for our pup to feel confident in descending them. Product is almost invisible on our stairs but provides a secure footing for canines and humans. Would highly recommend!
Nice lights work well, really bright for the power
Very cute. My son loves it and it's the perfect addition to his Dino themed room
I got this for my little girl and we both love it! Shes uses on her nightstand as a nightlight. I love how its soft and ok to touch. So so cute!!
I use this to secure the run of cable for my home security video camera around the perimeter of my home.....works well and easy to install
I absolutely love these and so does my toddler. We put this up in his room. Now he loves being in his room. They are so pretty and easy to install. Will be buying more for the rest of his room !
Love this lamp. And the fact that it folds up is great. My bathroom counter is small. My daughter loves the dinner and different settings.
These work well. I mean, they're light bulbs, so what really is there to say. But they are a much better value that at Home Depot or Lowe's.
No complaint...just what I needed! Thanks
good price and product function
The remote is fun, the different colors are awesome. Battery life is a little less than I had hoped, but they are still very cool.
Not very laud but work fine.
Holy crap- this works. I thought my oven was just going to be crappy forever. NOPE! Now It looks brand new!
great for what i needed it for. will see how long to last.
This lock holds the secured wire around my patio furniture from robberies and wind. It is strong, small, and hidden. I would recommend this product.
Clips to the head of the bed easily, provides just enough light for reading but not enough to wake up the husband!
Bought one and loved it so much bought a second one to hang in garden. It looks great when lit up at night.
Pretty darn cool looking light. Love the fact it came with the Edison bulb. Was to be a gift, but ended up keeping it for myself!
Very nice candles, bright and colorful. I'll be using these for our Halloween party at work!
Seriously. Have been keeping it in the house without sunlight and 2 weeks later still lighting up the room. This thing is amazing.
This was a great replacement holder for our shower head. It installed easily and has a tilting function. That ability to position the shower head at different angles is perfect for everyone in our family including the kids.
These large strike plates have saved my butt a couple times. Doors that don't line up or move as wood expands and contracts as the temperature changes have plagued my last two homes. This strike plate gives you enough room for the door to move up and down as the wood expands and contracts and still be able to latch.
nice set - really cool - hope it lasts a long time
These are the prefect addition to our living room! We have a little cove near our ceiling and these fit there beautifully! Adds some cool atmosphere. They are easy to use and install, only wish the sticky were a bit stronger we ended up double securing it with some sticky tack.
Fantastic travel adapter! Bringing this to my international travels and love the compact size and different usb ports. The USB C port is a much needed upgrade! It can charge all my devices and is very versatile. Will always bring for my travels!
Product was exactly as described, worked like a charm. Good quality material does what I want to do, and looks great. I would like to see a few more aluminum crimps in the bag to do multiple loops on the cable in the future. Overall great product.
It was very easy to install and very effective from the first minute
I used this on a tarp. It sticks good and works. Yay!
I've only used this hose once so far but it did what it was supposed to do. It expanded to a length of 100ft, the outer layer seems more durable than other expandable hoses I have, the fittings didn't leak, and once I turned off the water and allowed it to drain, the hose returned to it's original length. Be sure you close the end of the hose initially to allow it to fill up and build with some pressure - this is what will allow it to expand. Pleased so far. If performance seems to degrade unusually fast with use, I'll update my review and modify stars as appropriate. But at this time I see no reason this isn't a five star product.
It is soo easy to install, and it is a good deal with your money, i highly recommend it, i love how my kitchen cabinet turned out to be!
Excellent lighting for the gun safe
Good replacement for an old oven
Wow! These little tea lights are perfect for creating a relaxing and homey ambience. The realistic flame lighting is the cherry on top of a great, long-standing product. I will be purchasing more as housewarming gifts.
I use this filter in my L.G. French door refrigerator. The price is excellent and I replace every six months. The regular water filter is 45 to 55 dollars just for one. With Waterdrop, you get two filters for more then half the price. Great deal.
This was a replacement for a 40 year bathroom fan that no longer exists. It took a little modification but it works great
Great product, very durable.
Item exactly as described. Product works well and had experienced no issues with the product. Works Great!
I installed these lights on my deck for extra lighting. So far, most of them stay lit until 5 AM. The lights that are not facing south give up a little earlier but that seems normal as they don't get as much light during the day. I hope they last longer than one season.
One of our bedrooms doesn't have a light switch, this is the perfect solution!! Plugged a lamp into the outlet and then stuck the on/off switch to the wall by the door with a command strip and it works perfectly.
feel like wandering in the fairy tale.... So great!
Very pretty lamp. Amazing quality
It is what I expected but was heavier then other ones. Very nice. Quite happy with it.
I love using this light since it so much more mobile compared to a normal plug in version. As well as it being brighter
Kinda cool for.the price Got 3 and gave them as gifts.
Makes my new stove keep its fresh shine!
Wow is all I can say. This light is so bright. It is just lovely. It will light up any room you decide to put it in. I am debating on putting this in my closet! I love that it is led and saves energy. It doesn't get hot. I cant get over how bright this is! So amazing!
Very pretty, I put an LED color changing bulb in it and it's awesome. Very bright, love the USB
Excellent illumination. Adjusts to accommodate varying desk/workspace coverage.
As expected, on time, all around great experience.
Used this to clean the mold off my gutters (in Florida). It worked great. I was actually able to spray and then hose it off in most spots.
I love this product. I used it first on an outdoor mantel and just used it to seal some large stumps we use as a coffee table. It goes a long way. The natural has a bit of reddish color, but looks good.
Fit was very good and good value for the money.
Heavy drop and don't slide great product!
The price is great and simple to install. Many choices of the sound and loud enough. Instructions easy to follow. I was trying it for 10 days and works great.
shipped quickly with no scuffs or scratches. look great on our bathroom vanities!
I mounted this over my BBQ grill so I can see what I am grilling in the late evenings. Works great!
Awesome fits my windows And they are a added protection when you are not home But always remember when you are home not to leave them on all of your windows Just in case of emergency and you need to get out
Just take the five stars.
I have bought several of these products. The light is outstanding and the magnet and sticker is strong. I have already purchased more for my family. Great in the cupboards, closets, in my trunk, and in my luggage for traveling.
All the different sizes
Brick, do you really love lamp?
Bought this so we could have some extra light in our backyard. Our neighborhood has been having a couple of break ins and we wanted a motion detection light. So far this has been an amazing security light. It was super easy to instal and has a very bright light. It will literally light up half of our back yard. Great product!
cute in the garden. works great!
Awesome service ,great product
Good priced and sized!!
I bought these Halogen light bulbs for interior lights in my camper. At lowes these were about $3 per two bulbs and I got 10 for about $7. Great deal and fast shipping with Prime
So convenient and easy to use. Super fast setup and tear down, and it slowly retracts for added safety
We have one pipe under our sink that freezes. It's a different material from the other pipes, and it's the one that runs to our dishwasher. To keep it from freezing, we'd have to leave the cabinet doors open all day and night but we have a toddler and a puppy and neither one really understands things like don't eat detergent. We found this product, wrapped the pipe, and no more open cabinet or frozen dishwasher!!! Super duper easy and cheap and we couldn't be more pleased.
I bought this one just to try how it will work for my house. It is a small solar light, so better to have couple of them if need to cover more space. I like that it is easy to install and motion function is great too, because it works as warning about that somebody outside my house.
We just got this magnificent thin stylish with mirror finish. Easy to install and works beautifully . The great 12" width covers the whole body. It is so enjoyable that U don't want to get out of shower! Hope keeps working for yrs to come. IT is worth the price. Highly recommend it.
Love the magnetic screen. It fit and was easy to install. It only took 15 minutes and part of that was reading the directions. I am going to buy another one for my other doors.
Installed in backyard, very bright and good quality.
I love this light fixture! It's so pretty and looks great in my dining room! And it's well made and sturdy. This was the first time I installed a light fixture myself, and I was able to do it no problem. Very pleased with this purchase!
I will buy again and again
Worked better than I hoped. I ordered three and one did the job
Had system installed after 2 well samples came back positive. Chose to have it professionally installed & it looks & performs great! Latest sample came back clean. Well worth the money. Completely satisfied.
Mine was getting old and was loose; needed a replacement. My son installed it in minutes. Would recommend it.
Cover for cooktop burner. Easy cleaning
I have this in my hall bath that both my children and I use. I use this for the waterpik system. It keeps it off the counter but easily accessible. Would be great in a small bedroom for a phone stand by the bed.
Very simple installation set up Took no time at all from start to finnish
This lamp is all it is described to be . . . it has 9 settings of color and dimming which is perfect for whatever lighting you wish to surround your work area with. The lamp is tall but also adjusts to lower heights. I have it mounted in a corner desk directly at the corner of my work area and it can expand to light up the whole work surface. The on button is 'touch sensitive' - meaning only the light tap of a finger and you can turn on/adjust/turn off the light. It is perfect. Very impressed with quality and performance.
They really do well as overhead lights on shelving units.
Perfect match for hardwood, we had a sofa shifts backward as we seat on. Once this pad is attached, the sofa stay in its place. I also find the little transparent dots very useful to prevent cabinet door bumping.
this is the coolest light ever. I love it
Quality faucet that was easy to install.
Correct product, awesome price , arrived quickly
Came fast. Works well
This lock is well-made and certainly worth it for the convenience. We needed access control that would allow folks to enter a part of the building without changing keys when someone no longer needed access. This works great
This light works great. It's really bright and the battery lasts a long time. The head flexes to get into tight spots and the magnetic base helps when you need both hands free to work.
Worked as expected and easy to install
What you get is what you see
Quality product....... had a small problem ....worked with customer service and was solved very easy.... can't say enough about customer service
Nice variety of sizes. Quality made and comes in a nice container.
I live in the area with a energy provider who charges ridiculously high bills, so I use solar powered lights when it's possible. I put these lights for my backyard because it's not cost effective to run cable. Those work great for me and they light up the backyard for the hours that I need. I'm not sure of how many hours power would be for every day charge, but it provides enough lighting until after I go to sleep.
Nice lamp. No problems but it does not get abused so it should last a long time. Installed a fluorescent bulb to keep heat lower on switch.
It's a very bright LED light bulb that's cheaper than traditional bulbs. Good product.
These were perfect for my project to build shelves and a hanging rack in my laundry room. The threads worked great with pipe that I bought from my local hardware store! We cleaned everything really well with degreaser and then spray painted it. I love how it turned out!
Worked great to fill cracks on deck railing
It is easy to replace my old shower head, to filter my water. The water get fresh my hair is getting smooth.
I replaced this with a water faucet that had been installed 18 years ago. This one is just like the one I replaced. I like that you can position the handle in multiple positions. I highly recommend it.
I love these white lights. They are very nice to brighten up my basement. I also used them in my garage. I will be getting more!
Great product! Wish I'd thought of it sooner ! Keeps your pipes from getting clogged up and just wipe out with paper towel and save lots of money in the long run !
I've been using these filters for three years now. Very easy to install and have never had any issues with leaking.
I bought this product over a year ago to control and outdoor outlet. Hooked it up to my wifi and it has always worked. A neat little feature is that if it loses WIFI signal for some reason, it automatically turns itself off. The app is decent with configurable timers and access from anywhere if you allow it to have access to the internet.
If brightness is what you're going for, these things are insane. I bought them for a video recording set up. They were actually too bright for that! These are great spotlights, outdoor work lights, etc. They get warm, but not too hot, and the on/off switch is great. They're definitely a great value!
Been having these forever ! One of the best purchases I've made on amazon
easy to use does exactly what its supposed to.
These bulbs produce instant light that is the perfect color temperature for my bathroom vanities. It's often hard to find a compromise between daylight bulbs and warm white bulbs, but these 4000k bulbs hit that sweet spot.
I placed it to monitor my garage and its been great, i also live that they gave card reader included in the package making it easy to recover videos and clear them. Love it
Had rough hand and feet, rubbed it in for 2 nights, great.
Very pleased with this wire. I'm using it to extend power to more low voltage fixtures.
Perfect. I had to really search for a t5, 55w ballast. It connected perfectly. I did not get electrocuted and the light worked. Awesome.
These are great in my lamps. Look good, great for reading and last a long time.
I don't know whatever happened to the original post, but this replacement worked out well and now the lamp looks complete!
Great product I used them outside for all my lighting and decorations at Christmas
Honesty have not used it. Sent my folks one and didn't ask what they thought. I am a small business owner and your follow up email with dog was a great lesson. Thank You.
I put these rose lamps on both sides of the garden path.These rose lamps are solar-powered and environmentally friendly, but they can also be recharged, keeping them bright even on rainy days.The support pole of the rose lamp can be bent into the style I want, very satisfied!
These work very well and definitely keep your bed from rolling around on laminate flooring.
Great product. Seller and amazon were wonderful. Highly recommend.
These LeDs are awesome! My son loved trying the remote and trying all the different colors. They are super bright and look great for accent lighting
Right parts for my machine and I was able to open the dryer up and replace it easily. No issues and easy installation
Put this on the bottom of my front door and it has helped a lot with the cold hair coming in. Make sure you clean the area off before sticking this on. We have an older house, so everything seems to leak air. I like that it's clear, so it's not noticeable to people who come over.
So kewl we can monitor our indoor temp in Mesa while we're in Canada and adjust if need be . Very very supportive and caring staff 🤗
Takes out the nastiness of our water.
Best book light ever!!! Bought this so I could read at night without the main light blinding me. This is great because I can wear it behind my neck, twist it to sit on my bed beside me or loop it around my headboard to shine over my shoulder. Light has three settings and and two separate lights, on on each end. I also found I love this light because I can be hands free to do small chores that need the extra light or for taking the dogs out at night.
Good quality and fast shipping, thanks.
This product is just terrific. The items are as described by the seller. The colors are vibrant. I will absolutely use this seller again.
A birthday gift for my granddaughter
wonderful replacement lights for can lights, my kitchen is not as bright as we need now that we are getting older and cannot see as well, these lights really give out a bright light, i love them
This is a very classy table lamp. Compliments my office desk perfectly. Well crafted and very sturdy. Highly recommend this lamp!
Ordering was simple, EXCELLENT instructions with illustrations how to measure. My two custom shelves were ON MY PORCH in TWO DAYS from sending in my measurements, yes, TWO DAYS. Install was a breeze, I built everything so it was square, all I had to do was shim and space a little. When I tossed the box, I found really nice templates and screw and detailed instructions. I didn't need them, but I did look at them, top shelf install accessories (pun intended)
Needed a T-Valve to fit a 1/4” ice maker line on a 3/8” cold water connect. Worked perfectly. Rubber inserts, no leaks and I didn't have to use plumbers tape. Highly Recommend. Make sure your sizes are correct. Measure twice, order once. Enjoy!
Was easy to install and I no longer have to hear a loud "clunk" each time the sump pump shuts off in the basement. Haven't missed the noise at all. Wish I'd have replaced it sooner.
I loved the product I carry around very easily to use although the packaging wasn't so great the product on the other hand is.. it should be better protected so for any future damaging.. but other than that I love it very handy..!!
So far, good product for the price.
Great reading light. Bought one for each member of the family. Handy on trips and for camping. Makes a decent work light for around the house when you don't have an extra hand.
My wife has been looking for a detachable style shower head with a big surface area. All the major home improvement stores had only one or the other of the of what she was looking for... And at a much higher price. The nut that connects to the pipe is metal. The included Teflon makes installation quick and easy. The only thing I am not crazy about is the length of the hose that is connected to the shower head. But I am sure I could replace it with a shorter one. Definitely not a deal breaker... But it is a little annoying that the hose hits the faucet handle. First time installation without any leaks and after 4 months or so it is still solid. We are running about 60 psi in the house and this shower head performs well. Very happy with this product. Easy to clean with a wipe of the towel as well.
I plugged these in during the day and forgot about them, then ended up coming home pretty late from a trip the next night and could not believe how bright these were. My house is about 600 sq ft and it lit up pretty much the entire space so much that you could read things in the light. Very happy with this purchase because I needed something to keep me from tripping around my house when I get up to grab something at night.
These are great. Great for hanging string lights.
Size of this product is little big compared to the pics which is a nice thing as it makes even harder to find camera in it. It is not possible for a human eye to find it has a camera unless they use a bug detector. It captures good quality images and videos , though instructions are not clear i did not feel any issues setting up this product.
It works. It functions well and sticks to the wall.
We purchased this pull to replace one that had broken. We had purchased the chest which had three pulls several years and didn't think we would be able to match the pull. It was a perfect match. The color isn't a true black but is the same as the remaining pulls on the chest.
These night lights are great. They put out just the right amount of light. Great value.
It installs easy. Kit includes everything. Works with no leaks. Just know that the blast stream is definitely tight and concentrated. So much so that if you turn the pressure too far you could potentially hurt yourself. I recommend turning the control dial slowly up to the point it is going to get uncomfortable. You could use a sharpy to mark where is the "sweet spot" pressure point is. A couple other tips are: 1. Use paper to wipe off the initial heavy. 2. Check your wash job with a clean piece of paper to make sure you got it all.
Easy to install and has held up incredibly well. Had been in use for several months now with no issues
Worked for my cabinet. Pack comes with 4. easy to install and use.
Used for small repairs and in tight spots.
It's hard to write a review when everything goes well, the price was very reasonable, the product was as advertised, and delivery was exactly on time (delivered on Sunday no less). The order was execute competently which i suppose is high praise
love this device keyless entry and I can give out the codes and cancel them when I want, I have a business in my house and so do want to be giving out Keys, the last one I had only lasted about a year and so I got the extended warrantee on this one
Great shade for the price. Nice color. Well made.
I'm glad I found this set. I have bad luck with pull chains and they break on me. With these extended pull chains I can easily put one of these on instead of a string that easily bounces up if pulled too hard. The wood part of the pull seems to be pretty decent. The chain seems to be pretty strong.
Great product to protect my floors and move furniture around
These bulbs were packaged securely and arrived quickly.
I bought this as a replacement handle for my refrigerator and it fits perfectly. Was easy to install. We will see how lomg it can last with two energetic boys.
Great quality, the material is metallic and looks strong.
These little clips are so handy. I used them to hang an LED strand window curtain in the bedroom and for hanging Christmas lights under my kitchen cabinet.
I purchased this for my son traveling to Europe to work there for a year. It is absolute perfect, it has everything in one place for all the places in Europe. He can travel and not worry about using his laptop or charging his phone, etc. For anybody traveling a lot, this is the adapter to get, the one that does it all.
Absolutely Great machine, probably the best item that I have purchased on Amazon.. I've been using it close to 7 or 8 months ( almost every day) and I've not had a problem. You will have to adapt to the taste, which isn't all that bad.
Fantastic door, looks phenomenal, great quality & fair price!
My basement's bathroom has water pump, one time the pump stopped working and the water flow all over the ground, this water alarm is very useful for me, it will helps to notify my water leak at basement.
these little beauties have enough battery to last all night,if you don't always come home at curfew.
Just what I needed to replace a defective one. These are hard to find.
I absolutely love these lights. We had to retrofit them to work for the headboard to wire him to the plug but if you know how to do that they work perfect for headboard lights.
great, allows me to put plug in items in different parts of the yard.
Solid bracket. I ended up contacting Justin at Walnut Wood Works, and they sent me a two custom sized beautiful butcher block shelves with the holes drilled perfectly. If you don't want to order the shelf from them, you can order a drilling kit (I think it comes with a drill bit and guide) to make it easy to drill the holes.
it was as the seller descried and easy fit
Was better than expected
The motor in my fan started knocking after a few months of operation - after my poor review VIVOSUN reached out to me immediately and made it right. I will be buying another VIVOSUN product in the future.
Gift shipped for kids and they used it to place things into their garage rafters and that's about all I can tell you. Since they're happy and right around the best price out there. I give it 5-stars. :)
great, easy to replace and so much quitter than the old steel rollers
works great. there have been a few nights that it has gone off before dawn but that was because there wasnt enough sun during the day.
Like the mobility to be able to move when kids are asleep.
Exelent quality , I bought another before and just returned after seen the big difference , this brand is quality !!
Very practical and works well!
Love these outlet extenders! I've had the straight one's before but they take up more space and if you have a larger plug in then you can only add two outlets. These allow you to add 3 no matter the size so it worked well for me!
Fits perfect looks great and works great
Works great on the outdoor furniture covers. No leaks!
Awesome stuff! Used it on concrete counters and it's stunning. This is NOT your home Depot grade, crappy thinned out stuff, this is the REAL deal. Great feeling and Hardy finish. But make sure you get the citrus solvent too! I ordered and I was all gung ho for it to arrive so I could use it and then found on arrival that you need to thin it first. The same company provides a citrus solvent that worked beautifully with it.
Brushes are great quality
My second one. The first lasted 9 years
I wasn't sure what to expect exactly with these. They look great. Easy to set up on the app and the remote unlock function works great. I do wish the lock was a little thicker though. I'm sure it's standard, but if someone had the right tool and strength they can bust this pretty easily.
These are so much nicer than i expected! I am adding them to my daughter's room they are so excited!
It was the best purchase ever. Complete with everything ready for installation. No more buying water!!
Very powerful and a good replacement for our old one. Very good price too.
Excellent assortment.
These are nice lights that are easy to store and fit in a small box. No more need for bulky lights
Worked very well for wiring on a plug to a centrifugal fan salvaged from my old furnace. Quality materials.
I'm a plumbing technician and this tool is fantastic. However you need to know how and what your doing. After using a basin wrench all these years. This tool helps for back pain etc. All you need is an extension and a ratchet wrench. Cheers guys!
I compared many wine coolers, liked the 4.4 Star Rating. Arrived extremely well packaged. It was an ordeal to remove from the packaging base as it weighs 94 lb. Instructions were in the cooler, General Safety, first line reads "To prevent back and other types of injuries, use at least two people to move and install the wine cooler". I unpacked it by myself, this info should be on the outside of the interior box. Door handle was all that had to be installed, was easier with two individuals. The LED Lighting is nice as the tinted glass door. Would highly recommend, well built, solid.
loved them, no problems so far! would buy again
I have recently added additional grab bars to my shower. These Moen grab bars are well made and attractive as grab bars go. They are fixed into the studs in my shower and they were professionally installed by my remodeler who was doing other work at my house at the time.
Perfect replacement for lost Dyson vacuum charger.
This works really good. Sticks really good and is easy to clean and pretty. Have gotten a lot of complements on my counter tops.
Look great as shown fully purple.
As advertised cheaper than at the hardware store
Nice overall build.... light is not super intensive maybe 15w is what I may need.... but the LED are pleasant and not negatively intensive to the eyes (like in color frequency/temperature....) Casing is well done -its like an oval shape to it and metal crafted....A+
Fit perfectly in the 18” marquee letters I'm making. Big glass bulbs provide the right look. They do heat up pretty quickly so keep that in mind if you're crafting with these. All bulbs arrived unbroken. I'll post a pic after the project is completed.
Decorative pretty duct tape with the strength needed! Really nice. Not just dismal grey or black!
easy to install. very good quality.
price is good. fast delivery
A table top. It was perfect!
Loved this lamp shade with the base of a lamp we inherited. Hardly any wait time before it arrived!
Girlfriend loves it. She can plug all her hair dryer and other accessories into it. High quality Outlet
Good filters at a good price.
This faucet is amazing, high quality and for a fraction of the price at Lowes or Home Depot. After Shopping at those big stores, i fond they wanted to charge 100$ for something similar, however, there was no secondary spout and most were made of half steal and half cheap plastic. I will be getting another to install for my girl.
Last much longer than the original battery. Will probably get another one soon.
Sprayed my bedspread the dog likes to sleep on. Stayed clean longer. Shoes, handbag, etc. Works great.
FInally broke down and replaced my globes in the kids bathroom, had 2 strips, one on each side. The bulbs are perfect, I prefer the warmer temperature and it really is close to 3k in my unprofessional opinion! All bulbs are working as expected, instant on, no flickering, etc.
It did exactly what I needed it to do. It was tricky getting it to stick, I believe that was in part because of where the repair was located. It's holding just fine now though.
For me they are a bit above the standard and I do like them.
These things are great. Just pull up the lever, insert the wire and clamp it. Allowed me to quickly install my new Caseta Wireless switch.
Well built filter. Works well. Filters as decribed on page.
Easy to install. I was concerned because we live in a shaded area but it obviously gets enough sunlight because it works great.
They do exactly what I expected them to do.
Worked beautifully and easy to install
My daughter loves this. She's able to come home with her hands full and still turn on the lights. A great product at a great price.
Nice large knobs...gorgeous variety
Holds paint roller nice and air tight. Saves time until job is finished before cleaning.
Love this very beautiful
How did I never knew about these before?? These are great for moving big heavy things. I was easily able to slide a large and very heavy office L shaped desk with these.
Great quality filters, safe packaging and a very good price!
My husband has problems seeing, therefore, I purchased these lights and placed them above our stairs. I also placed one in the bathroom. I turn them off during the day and on at Dawn.My husband and I love these lights. They look great and luminate very bright.
SIMPLY LOVE LOVE LOVE these wall sconces. We are doing our house with a rustic look an feel, so these were exactly what I was looking for in the family room, by the fireplace.The outer cage is well built with lots of detail. Setting it up was very simple same as a standard light fixture. They look great with an Edison style bulb. They are a perfect size at a great price compared to others listed on here. It is heavy duty and I will say that once installed it is gorgeous. Exactly as pictured!! based on what we were looking for, these lights are fantastic with amazing quality I would definitely recommend getting these for your home they are very beautiful and gives that perfect unique accent price and quality, I am very happy.
Solid build, feels like very good quality despite being very budget friendly. If you choose not to use the fourth socket in the center it provides tons of light with a very low profile.
I received the light before Christmas, and I wrapped it around the small tree in the yard because it was a solar light. I did not need to connect to the power ,and it lit up when the day was dark. When was dawn, it turned off, Very convenient
These lights are amazing! I got a 3 pack of these rechargeable lights and my kids need like a night light so i use these and switch them out when they need charged.. a full recharge lasts about 25 mins on non motion sensored and with motion sensored it has lasted about 3 days
Very nice replacements for the shades of two lamps. Shipped promptly and well packed.
Love this shower head for my small corner shower. Water pretty much falls down like a rain head shower depending on how it's adjusted. Perfect water flow. Would recommend
I love this high pressure shower head,it's got a moderate rate of water coming out,it has six modes that can be converted,I love four of them,they're comfortable to tap on.The design is also very new and there are many different shapes of small holes gushing water,and one very good thing is that its stainless steel hose has a special extension to make it easier for adults and children to use it.it is really amazing compared to other product I have uesd and I love it.
They were exactly what we expected. They were on 24/7 for over a month without fail. I didn't have a timer set up as I had two sets paired with Mr Christmas lasers that don't turn on automatically if power is cut.
WOW! What an upgrade to the toilet- from plastic cheap handles to great quality metal heavy duty handles!
This looks just like the picture
I searched for a very long time for my kitchen hardware. This style had all of the switch plate styles that I needed. I spray painted them, and it worked beautifully. They are lovely.
These lights give a really relaxing light. I am very satisfied with them in place of traditional lighting.
Product as advertised, received quickly and in good condition.
Outstanding value, lights are bright, easy to assemble and place where needed
Very nice, simple lamp. It's got a small, but sturdy base, which I like because I needed it for a desk lamp but had no room on the desk. It takes up very little room on the floor and sits close enough to lean over the desk perfectly.
Pretty cool light you can use at the party with some background music and this does not cost too much
The same as my original knobs at a fraction of the manufacturer price. A great deal
These were perfect for decorating my granddaughters play room and toy box. They were very nice and easily repositioned. Would order again if needed.
The faucet is being put in today.Looks great well Itis in and I really like the way it operates. My plumber was pleased with it as well.
Nice quality looks awesome love this light
I was looking for a light to use with my secretary/desk. This fits inside the raised desk portion by just curling the light to the base. I especially like the fact that it has the optional white light instead of only daylight, and it does have a plug for the wall, which some these days don't.
They fit. just what we needed
easy to install and so pretty image. alot kinds of staff u can choose use
Nice decoration for box
I love this lamp. It is small, but attractive and throws out a great deal of light. I have this on my bedside table and it lights up the whole room, not bright enough to read by except right next to the lamp, but enough to make it easy to see my way around. It is small enough not to take up my whole nightstand, and the neutral colored shade works in any room.
This is the best treatment I've found for dry, sore lips. I'm allergic to many other products, and have had no reaction to this! Very happy with delivery, and product.
Great deal & quality, I love this lamp for all my detail work
Does the job, looks great and easy to install.
We're in the process of moving and setting up USB chargers throughout our new home. However, as experience has taught us, some USB chargers are not reliable. We've had a couple which had dead or weak outputs and two that actually output over 8V when it should have been 5V. The two 8V outputs killed a couple hundred dollars of electronics before they were detected and removed. That is why we use meters like this one to check all the USB outputs we're installing. The output appears to be very accurate. The charge currents are showing about what we'd expect for individual devices. For safety and to save your sanity when trying to understand why a USB device is not charging, try this device.
It looks nice in my screened porch and it will not rust.
Amazing woodworking tool every carpenter needs. I love this especially for crown molding. A truly hidden treasure
Fast and perfect application, Thank you
Best step lights I use. I'm an electrician that has tried many products. These are super bright and easy to install. The first ones were not dimmable but now are. That's a bonus. If you need step lights stop looking and buy theses
They worked like they were supposed to.
Used on my trailer. Couldn't find locally. Works great for adding a line to side markers.
An exact replacement with perfect fit. Easy to install. This is the handle ONLY so be sure to save the old parts (two mounting screws, square rod, and hex set screw) since you will still need them.
Great product. Easy to install. Cost effective
Very versatile outdoor plug with 2 outlets. This summer I am using one wi-fi controlled outlet to turn my outdoor water feature on and off. It can be set for specific times or sunrise to sunset. When the holiday season comes, I plan to use the second outlet to control lights on my blue spruce trees and will use the on at sunset, off at sunrise timing. It is easy to program with the app and also to turn things on or off away from home. It is designed well with the outlets at the bottom and shielded from the weather. I live in the Pacific Northwest, so this is important to me with all the winter rain. The construction seems quite sturdy. I'm already looking at the other Meross products since this one works so well.
Very good price, works fine.
Great directions. Great opener. My Genie garage opener is one of the older models and the included instructions made programming the opener easy. One recommendation. If this is your only opener or you only have a few openers it is easier to zero out your garage opener before going through the trouble of finding out the hard way that your memory is full on your garage door opener. On my garage door there is no indication that you have exceeded your memory and a new garage door remote simply won't work. After trying to program to the remote the first time, I checked the battery, and then zeroed my garage door opener. I'm Amazon Prime customer and was not compensated in any way for this review.
Love this light. It's suoer cool and it was super easy to set up too. Great colors. Very fun!! I put it in my kids room and they love it!
Received well packaged and on time. Quality is excellent.
LOVE THESE, HAVE 25 OR MORE OF THEM, ORDERED THREE TIMES, ONE IS NOT WORKING, SOMETIMES YOU NEED TO MOVE THEM! I HAVE SOLD MANY FOR YOU, EVERYONE THATS SEES THEM, BUYS THEM! HOPE THEY KEEP GOING, HARD TO DETERMINE THE LONGEVITY THOUGH, WILL KEEP YOU POSTED. ......OK...ADDING TO THE ABOVE COMMENT, 3 WILL NOT WORK, NOT HAPPY ABOUT THAT, I DO THINK THE COMPANY SHOULD SEND NEW ONES! I TAKE GOOD CARE OF THEM AND WIPE THE TOPS OFF, THEY ARE IN A SAFE PLACE, SURE LOVE HOW THEY LOOK!
This lamp has a sturdy arm and clip. It was perfect for our son's bunk bed.
Love!!!!! Super high wit!!! I get so many compliments! My professional installer was impressed by the quality. 5 stars for sure!
Great bulb! Was looking at a dusk to dawn photo sensor for a outdoor lamp and found this bulb. No need to mess with the wiring and you get the same affect.
I love my safe because it is fireproof. It's very sturdy and solid.
Great bulbs and reasonably priced!!!!!
I used it to touch up small scratches in furniture. It comes with a variety of tones/colors, as well as different types of markers and pencils, all which worked very well.
Cake to replace. The included socket was a life saver and the flexible rod mad it easy to install in a tight space.
The faucet it's outstanding and performing exceptionally well. Everything is very well built,and has a great feel to it .
I love these wall lanterns. We just redid our garage and these are perfect on each side of the garage door. I bought an extra set for the side and back of the house.
I was having issues with my laundry light and hated I had to go in half way before I could find the switch. This light is perfect. It actually surprises me every time. Right when I walk in it turns on and is bright. I love it. I wish all my lights were like this. I'm issuing these lights for outside also.
Work excellent and easy to use
Replacing my old controller with this and it's working amazingly so far for about 2 months now. Easy to install and use.
I replaced the broken part and install the repair kit I bought form AMAZON,the new idler pulley and tension belt are so great and works well
Works and looks great on my sink
Fit my farm sink perfectly. Make sure to measure before purchasing.
Love my lights. The best thing is they don't get hot. Good brightness to them.
Easy to install, great price, great quality! Would buy again, and I have definitely recommended this to many!
Great innovating product
They fit everything...small lamps, ceiling fan, fridge, and they are bright white. This is a good deal and so thankful for your exactly as described product, none were broke, excellent packaging.
Somehow the bulbs arrived unharmed, so I had to give 5 stars... but wrapping 6 little bulbs in bubble wrap (not individually, just bumping against each other in there) was a bold choice. It was taped so tightly that I nearly broke the bulbs myself trying to unwrap them. Also leaves me nothing to store and protect the extras in, which means I'll probably be ordering again sooner than expected.
Convenient plug with usb charging ports should be standard in all homes now since it seems like everything charges thru a usb of some sort. Easy to set up and control
Works great and really lights up the area. I installed this light about 5 months ago and I haven't had any issues yet. So far so good.
Install was a breeze, nice quality. Installed in shop with 20' ceilings, definitely moves some air! Will buy more.
It is perfect to fit all the important papers together then store inside a safe. The materials are good made.
I'm not willing to spend hundreds of dollars to buy into the whole philips hue craze. These lights are great a great alternative to the hue light bulbs. I certainly don't need to control my lights when I'm not home and if I do, timers are cheap...
I have a cast iron ball hanger that you would find in any butcher store back in the 50's. I needed refills for it and found these on Amazon. The balls that I ordered came in 2 days, are perfectly sized for my ball hanger, are nicely wrapped to keep them clean, and the twine is a good quality. I am very pleased with them and would recommend them to others.
Beautiful music light. love the changing colors. the case also gives the soft colors. music is great, yet to figure out the alarm part. but love the light.
So I was a little skeptical at first when purchasing this but it was definitely worth it. I have no light in my room and I love the three light settings it comes with so I can have a full bright room or a bit dim for when I'm just relaxing and having a couple drinks at home. It doesn't come with light bulbs so BE READY TO BUY SOME. I'm glad I read the previous reviews so I was prepared. Overall, it's a cute and flattering floor lamp. Would buy again.
These plates are beautiful and just what I needed for my bathroom remodel project.
Living in Tucson we have many sunny days. However the day I received my lights it was nothing but cloudy and cold. I sat them out anyways still wrapped up just for the heck of it. The next day I thought I would check to see if anything had happened. Sure enough, the tiny lights came on. Can' wait to put them around my huge Saguaro cactus. Now hoping they will last a long long time!
This is an amazing product. The best cost x benefit that I've found in the market. Their functionalities are helpful and smart.
Stainless is the best, only find zinc ones in stores
Excellent deal, absolutely perfect for what we needed it for and the outdoor space we installed it on. Replaced an old fan. Buy the remote!
Gave my chandelier a whole new look.. Bright... Elegant... Awesome...
Easy to set up and get going. Seems to be sturdy and suitable move most items around in by shop.
Arrived timely and works great.
Gives off just enough light in the backyard to hangout without attracting too many bugs.
WORks great and easy to setup
These labels are the perfect size for mason jar glasses. The price was extremely reasonable and they shipped quickly.
Working Perfectly with Alexa and Google. Almost complete wifi home coverage for most of the appliances. easy to setup and operate.
I installed these underneath my gas fireplace to move the heat out, connected with a thermostat they worked great and did exactly what I needed to do. Well made solid little fans.
Very bright, going to order more
I bought a lamp shade that was on sale but my lamp did not have the correct accessory, so I bought this adaptor from Amazon. At first I thought I had purchased the wrong item; however, if your lamp looks like the one that is on the picture, you can make it work. The key is to de-assemble the product and install it the way I show on the pics... And "Voila"
I absolutely love these lights!!! They are so pretty to look at. It looks like glistening snow fall.
Looked same as oem, fit perfectly and a very good price.
fIT PERFECTLY. Great product. Great price.
Great product, works great
This little light is great! They got this one right and I love it.
Great door handle hardware for the price. I just wish the inside bottom handle also had a lock function for added security but for the price I am more than satisfied. I installed it myself with ease and the locks and handles all work flawlessly. Looks great to boot. Will purchase another one down the road if needed.
I love this doorbell. It works great! As a teacher, I use the chimes for transitions or to get my student's attention. I would definitely recommend!!
excellent coverage of lighting for my home garage.
This product appears to function well. It adjusts with a twist and rotation. I live with low well water pressure and my wife and I both agree this is an improvement over the standard shower head. Highly recommended !!
Excellent service and help from your team. Great product.
Strong and durable 3M Command hooks function well and easily install.
Installation was easy, and connecting it to my phone was also easy. It makes it so easy to turn the lights on and off from the phone, rather than having to walk over to the light switch.
The adhesive on the back of this is crap. I used liquid nails to keep everything in place, if I ever have to remove these I'll know that I'll be sorry. Lol I originally bought these when I re-did my bathroom to use as an accent wall, I was worried I wouldn't have enough. I actually had a lot left over, enough to put down in my laundry room. The floors look great and now I feel I'll have to paint the laundry room to make the rest look as good as the floor. Ha!
Its everything I expected and more. I highly recommend this bc it's insulated and keeps the heat, bugs out.
This outlet has made it much easier for me as a parent to turn on the lights when i am carrying my son and groceries I am able to have everything turned on from my car in the garage before i begin to unload everything very practical
This is a large bag and seems to be very good construction. I plan to use it to keep fire in (transport lithium polymer batteries) and I'll be using it at an upcoming weeklong event. I'll update if there are any surprises!
My tiling person was impressed with it - a good solid product. The slight slope of the 4 sides made it a little more challenging to tile, but that nicely keeps water from collecting in the niche.
battery life is dependent upon the brightness you use, but I would like to get a few more of these. recommended
Bought as a replacement bulb for the lava lamp we purchased at Aldi.
It was what we needed
I feel almost like I'm wasting these pretty lights by using them in the kitchen and adjacent laundry room... but my kitchen is so poorly lit and if I'm cooking my shadow completely blocks the stove and I can't see what I'm doing! Putting these lights under the cabinet have totally solve the problem! I like to turn them to blue when I go to bed to use as a nightlight.
Worked perfectly for our application. We used two sets to connect the indoor and outdoor units.
Used to control garage door opener. Had some issues getting to work, but not issues with device. Our issue was the wall control. Since we had a wall control with Temp setting, had constant power that interfered with this device. To get working, we had to change out Wall control for plain one without constant power.
I really love this lock. I use it for my snow boarding bag. It's so convenient for me, cuz when I need to unlock it, I'm usually freaking tired at that moment. Let me deal with password? No way.
I definitely smell the difference in the water. So, i assuredly believe this will help with some of my skin conditions
Great deal for shop!
Easy installation, great directions, extra parts in case, simple style.. We had to put the brackets on the back of the door, because we put the door over existing molding. I am very pleased
Works as intended. Comes packaged well.
Easy to install and works!
Very useful and quality product.Each light takes 6 AAA batteries, just received so I can update later based on battery longevity.
Bought these for my sister since she was going to Europe. She's over there now and say these work great and she had no need of buying expensive plug converters over there. Great buy. Like how it also has 2 USB outlets on each.
These replacement parts fit perfectly and re-secured our faucet handle, which had become very loose and frustrating to operate. While it still has some wobble, it is much tighter and stiffer than it had been.
Wonderfully bright lights. Makes your every use feel like a beauty queen.
Multiple adjustments.Product looks and feels sturdier the generic hinges from big box stores
For the price, great lamp to light up a room when needed
Bought these for my 30 year old GE electric stove. The old ones were shot, and beyond cleaning. For the price, I figured what the hell. Took me all of five minutes to install. Made the old girl look pretty.
worked perfect for the area I wanted it for
Easy to install, bolted it to block wall with tapcons. Worked pefectly on first test.
Thought I would have to replace the basket , but decided to try these first.worked great and easy to install!
Love it! Lights up the entire back yard and was able to mount it on the corner of the house to rotate the side light to light up the side yard.
This stool is a little wider so it gives you space to move around it also can fold up with makes it easy for storage and it also has handles to help you if I ever need to hang something up I can just grab this stool and I'll help with putting it up
Works great! I love the motion detector, because I used to hate having to turn on the bright bathroom light during the middle of the night.
Works great just make sure u get the exact one/size for the job. I leave it on 24 hrs a day and no problems.
Right part for the repair. We just bought our home and the oven was lighting sometimes. Found it could be the igniter so looked for the part online. Only place I could find it for a reasonable price was Amazon.
I use this light to cure alumilite uv. Clear and it works great. And it is sturdy built.. I will probably buy another..
Working super well in our system, easy to install, great price and value!
Good strong hardened lock, plenty of room for trailer and chain in lock
Perfect for what I needed! Painted and entire dresser and nightstand with multiple coats and still had paint left over! Did not need a primer but did have to do extra coats for fuller coverage. Great buy!
Nice diffused light, quite, and works with my existing dimmers.
This lock box is easy to install , very safety and so convenient,very useful.
I needed this for some drywall work I'm doing as part of a kitchen remodel and didn't want to drop $15 on a "nice" one given how little I'll use it. For the money, you can't go wrong. If you need something to use often maybe spend more but if you're like me and just need something to use occasionally, this is great. The metal is somewhat thin but it is thick enough to do what you need. Wonderful add-on item.
Great product. EXCELLENT tech support. Low rating on "easy to install" because it was difficult. I've installed many switches (both smart and dumb) over the years and this was the first one that stumped me. However once I contacted tech support and provided photos, they gave me EXACT instructions SPECIFIC TO MY SITUATION that worked! Very happy with the product and will get more.
Very glad they posted the exact sizes, I was able to design my application before the part arrived. Thanks.
Buy this string light for my patio 8 ribs umbrella, very nice. AA Battery powered, no eletric plug or wire needed, very convenient for outdoor use. Even comes with remote, that's great!
very nice magnetic cover; only improvement would be to let the user cut out the space for the flag as mailboxes vary. still a nice alternative to painting a mailbox, and covers can be changed with seasons or occasions. would buy again.
Item was as described and worked perfectly hang a new light fixture from our vaulted ceiling.
One (1) light failed to lite. Despite having it in open sun for several days it does not illuminate. The other (3) work fine. Within a week of notifying the seller a replacement light was received. Very please by their response.
This lamp looks extremely expensive, and yet it's not. It's very simple to construct, the wood is gorgeous and strong, the matte white screams quality, and the braided cord gives it a wonderful Scandinavian look. I have ordered another one.
Very durable and easy to apply. We have a dog and previously had issue with cheaper pads falling off from the dog hairs building up in the adhesive. Haven't noticed this problem with 3M pads! Highly recommend! Spend a little extra money on this quality product!
they were packed well. And it was so amazing when I installed them. Will order from these seller further.
Arrived exactly as described, Make sure that this is the size you need for your garage door.
Great look and well made, good purchase for me.
I love this 4 pack, I didn't think we would really use the orange but boy has it come in handy. Great value too.
Loved them, great quality and perfect for my ceiling fan.
great experience !!!
I doubted it's not easy to assemble when buying it, but really easy doing it when opened the box. The length of the wire is sufficient to plug on the nearest outlet at the foot of the wall. The brightness is adjustable. Everything is good!
Product was exactly as explained. No issues whatsoever. Reasonably priced. Excellent quality. I would recommend these.
Installation was a breeze and it was half the price of home depot. Greta job!
We like the look, and how the lighting gives a lovely ambiance to the rooms.
Brand new out of the box. Arrived quickly. Fair price.
This power tower is great. Now I don't need as many bulky heads cluttering up my cords. I just stick then straight into my USB power ports and it saves me space and a hassle.
Exactly as promised. Quick delivery!
Simple but nice enough for what I was looking for.
works great, very durable
I love these lights. I choose them because of the stainless steel pole and the reviews. Currently we are in a disaster relief team and are staying in a trailer. Sometimes we come in late and I needed the stairs to the trailer to be illuminated. After the second day of sunshine - the light these babies put out was bright and clear. I will take them home when we are done here. Thank-you.
This is built like a $400 faucet, looks fabulous, solid
I spray painted them gold to match my new poles and they came out very cute. Please note that they are pretty tiny so look at measurements.
Very sturdy. Attached well to our wall. Clean removal. However not for all wall paint types.
Using this for my landscape lighting. Extremely versatile, but took me 3 times to get it programmed properly. Had to remember that turning lights off at 12:30 Friday night is actually 12:30 AM Saturday! Duh!
I was looking for something lighter and more durable and this product does just that. The rope that is included was helpful when carry the boxes downstairs so they don't fall. Also the top part handle is adjustable so you can make it shorter or longer when carrying more stuff.
Fast devil very and a dang good price! You gotta love their emails! They care about the customer! Thanx Fresh flow...you have a repeating customer
Used this for a 4'x8' shed door and it has been working great for 2 months now. Will see how it does through a winter in the CO Rockies but very satisfied thus far.
Convenient lamp. Dim high and low. Good for small rooms. Sturdy material. Heavy base so it doesn't tip over but not too sure about carpet floors. Easy assemble if you follow instructions.
I'm so very happy with it !!! It's a wonderful addition to my new kitchen. I'm glad i decided on this one it's beautiful!!!
Folding handle makes this cart easy to fit in a car. Holds many pounds of supplies needed to be transported.
What a great help it is for me as a returning student!! I can use my light anywhere. Now my daughter wants one for her desk. It is very bright and makes reading even small print is easy to see with this light. The many light settings come in handy for different applications. I highly recommend this light.
This really blocks out the light! We used it in our bedroom and highly recommend it! Great buy! Lynda
Work well for when I use it to paint. None of the paint seeps past the tape and it comes off easy enough to not tear the paper if I do it slowly.
This was a lot cheaper than the price on the Sears website. Works great
Put it in front of my door and never guess where the lock is in dark. Love the solar battery so I don't worry to charge it or change battery after installation. Also the solar powered light make it so easy to install without long cord going to a wall outlet.
I'm very satisfied with this product, it's the best tool to keep clean our body
Great bulk buy for replacing scentsy bulbs. Fits well in my wall plug in
Cheaper than Walmart thank you
It's real magic! I don't have approach to the switch to control my bedroom light any longer. The APP works great, it reacts fast and it is much fun to have the lght of all the different colors and every degree of brightness. Even my 20 months old son is a fan of it.
Been using since 2014! Mailboxes generally aren't anything special. But this one is actually very nice. Got some big Brass numbers to go on the side for my address and It has a nice brass flag instead of an ugly red one. It's a pretty decent sized box, much bigger than a standard box. I felt bad for our mail lady who had to bring us the mail every time we had a package. Now only very large packages have to be brought to the house, as this fits most packages mailed via USPS. We also currently have a spider living in our mailbox and it seems to find it to be quite roomy as well.
Love the color and this was on my back patio with the lights off . My kids think its very pretty.
Very pretty and perfect for our daughter's teepee.
I think the last owners of this house never changed the filter
Works as advertised!
Direct replacement. Works well.
I feel very satisfied
Works great. I've had no problems
Purchased to replace 50W halogen spot light bulbs in the kitchen, every bulb worked perfectly! A bonus is they just don't got hot like Halogen bulbs and lower wattage but produce just as powerful/bright light, well worth the money, would certainly recommend.
This is the last wrench needed. I have bought a few plastic ones before and they all fall apart at some point. Invest a little more and probably you wont have to buy another one in a long time
the Lights are really cute! Good service
So I think this system is easy to setup and have had no issues this far. I haven't run the update as that's where I've read people have had issues so as long as mine works I'm not updating. These have a much better picture then the 720 ones and is very noticeable.
I wish I had not bought this. Now I have to get new carpet.
Bright and easy. Will order again.
We've used this mirror in 2 different remodeling bathrooms. Looks far more expensive and looks great with 2 Gatsby crystal wall sconces. customers and friends love it.
Easy to install and good tasting water.
The solar led fairy lights has the ethereal feel,looks good.
I always read every review before I buy something, this item in particular had a lot of good and bad reviews. I am here to tell the truth for everyone that does the same! This item came with very easy to follow directions, i did not have a tape measure so I just held it up to the window and cut it off eye measurement. This worked out great! Fit my window completely. I bought the WHITE one not natural. Like everyone has said it does have a tint of blue when it's sunny. There's two sides to the shade though, one is the paper side the other is a white plastic which I like. It's sticky on both sides where the ends are and they are actually pretty sticky. It's been 90+ degrees where I live and it has not fallen down or got weak like other people have been saying. I would recommend this product %100
My son loves it works great
Reasonable price and Beautiful look. Made the wife happy, woohoo !!
I had to order this faucet to work with my farmhouse sink because the first one i bought wouldn't work. I was nervous because i really loved my first one. The handle has the blue that's on my kitchen counters which is a PERFECT match. I love it
I needed something to help me with close examination of electronic circuits and other tiny components. My close vision has deteriorated out to 18" which is too far to see tiny detail. This magnifying lamp is perfect for fixing that and now I can easily spot check solder welds, fine laser print on components, contamination on tiny electrical connectors, whatever. The lamp is bright and LEDs are durable. The hinges are stiff enough to hold any position I require. And the style fits great with my space.
Exactly what I needed! Thank you
Easy to install ,all parts were there.
My boys really enjoy this! They have to have a night light all the time so I decided to buy them something they would love to look at. The lights are nice and subtle and it works great! Stays on all night too! I love looking at the stars!!!!!
performs as expected
Paid $125 to save my refrigerator from the dump! Replaced the control board, entered the program code and it was back to life!
Setup was not very difficult and did work well right out of the box. It did keep saying low batteries, even though they were new. Customer support instructed me to reset the device and that did solve the problem. The finger print reader doesn't like the cold very much, but usually works on the second try. All in all, I really like this lock. The cold temperature trouble makes sense and I have trouble faulting the device for it. I will buy one again.
This is one of the best in line fans in the market it has an adjustable speed and is as powerful as a bigger fan I would highly recommend this product
These dusk to dawn light bulbs look great in the lights by my garage. It is nice not to have to turn them on and off myself. These bulb make life much easier and should lower our energy usage.
I like the light bulb, is easy to use and it can change many colors.
I use this space heater it my bathroom. It warms the room up quickly. I like the safety feature where it turns off if it's tipped over.
Purchased for my mom's dryer...Just snapped into place. Loved the price!
Bought purple to use over Halloween. Liked them so much bought several additional sets in different colors. Definitely recommend
Excellent product and responsive company. The tree decal is lovely. The directions were complete and smart using color coding and numbers. Will use this company again
Excellent But the installation was difficult for 3 days but the result was amazing
Gorgeous color and smooth application, dried quickly and evenly outdoors.
Order filled quickly and accurately
I was a little skeptical when I first opened the can and it looked like jello, but, after stirring it, it became creamier. Don't let the color of the stain fool you as the Aged Oak I purchased looked totally black when I opened the can. On application, though, it was exactly like shown on the can. This product was easy to use and went on evenly. I ended up using a rag to apply the stain, as using a brush seemed to cause it to be too heavy and dark. It took 2 coats of this stain with a rag to get the even finish I liked. I would definitely use this product again. I find it much more consistent than using a liquid stain.
We have a few of these up in our daughter's room. They're lined up on a gray wall and they look really good. We were worried they would look like big shiny stickers but there's a nice matte finish to them, they legitimately look like they're painted onto the wall. And while we were setting them up we had to move them and rearrange them, and they came right off and stuck right back on like new.
Great product and company, received personal note from founder thanking me for purchasing products (who does that anymore?). Works as designed, company's website provides detailed installation and device handler enhancement information for smartthings integration. If you are looking for great products and support, Inovelli should be your choice!
The best thing about old whirlpool washing machines is that they can be actually fixed when something goes wrong. The problem I was having on this old used Kenmore (Whirlpool) washer was that on the normal cycle the spin cycle was skipping. But if I advanced the knob to the second cycle, the spin cycle worked. It was a pain. But that indicated that the mechanical timer was the problem. Evidently, over the years, the contact point for the spin cycle had arched or worn out so that a connection wasn't being made. I've replaced timers on other machines in the past, and on these old Whirlpool-engineered machines it was not a big thing to replace: a couple of screws, unclip the old timer, reclip the new timer, and that was it. This one worked like a charm.
Glass came as advertised, and with little silicone pads for placement. Appreciate the attention to detail, and great product.
This is a great water filter, but, as with all new water filters, after you install them, flush them out very well, I'm sure it might not be harmful but every filter that I have ever replaced, there is a slight taste perhaps from manufacture. After this unit was flushed completely (about a gallon of water) it just kept getting better day by day in reference other filters I may have purchased.
Works great!! Can shut off my downstairs lamp from the upstairs!
Works great and as expected
As describe, would buy again
Extremely bright! I picked this light specifically because it has a bottom center light as well as the "wings". This means doesn't have the dark Halo in the middle like others give.
I'm very pleased with these kitchen tools -- attractive and easy to use.
These were perfect for our 30th reunion! My group graduated in 1989, back when blacklight was very popular. My only concern was that they are VERY light and seem fragile. If you get them be careful.
Arrived on time. I used LED lights in each and it really brightened up my garage.
Needed a replacement for my LED lights and this one seemed like the best bet. It is also UL certified which gives me peace of mind. Price is good.
I love these nightlights! They are perfect for the bathroom or hallway. The fact that they are automatic makes my life easier too since I dont have to remember to turn them on.
Arrived promptly in good condition. A nice wall plate, and looks good in the room.
Perfect! They light up the hallway and work well as a night light for the children.
The motors come in a convenient for pack. They are ready for wiring they have enough stuff sticking out on each side of the axle for either Wheels or extensions for longer axles. They are perfect for younger people and adult that need to adapt projects or learn more about constructing around Electronics. The only down part of this it is they are very inexpensive and so they are not as durable as the hobby grade Motors that most of his use on a daily basis
Easy to install. Exactly what I needed.
Very lightweight. It's nice that it can hang upside down. Easy to charge and portable. Very bright at the highest setting but it has multiple settings you can adjust it to. Perfect for our baby at night!
I've been on quite a "vintage" kick lately, and with that has come a love of the Edison style bulbs. The downside to that is that most Edison bulbs I had found were incandescent and warmer. Being that these were bound for a room I'll be producing art as a hobby in at some point, I needed an option that wouldn't distort any colors, and since I love light, LED was a must to conserve power. As you can see by the photos, they are stunning. Bright, clear, and no color distortions anywhere. I have little warm Edison string lights, so if this brand makes Edison style LED chandelier sized bulbs, I'll be jumping on that for sure. Very pleased with these bulbs, and I'll absolutely be purchasing from these folks again. Highly recommend these lights!!
Used in mass quantity, happy with the product... easy to install and looks very elegant.
Installed easily, worked flawlessly. Still is working flawlessly, months later. There you go.
Ive used for a couple months and works great. Nice sound.
Beautiful lamp, Looks very expensive, and is great for a Moroccan inspired little girl's room. The color is very rich. The lamps is not assemble but if you have patience and are crafty it will be amazing.
Worked great! Timely shipment.
Great product. Great price. Fast shipper.
The perfect sized, sturdy opening for our assorted sizes of handles for our pans.
We just put this up yesterday. I'm not very handy and usually leave all of this stuff to my husband but it was easy enough for me to install so that means it's pretty easy. We were having an issue with tiny little bugs coming in the back door at night when we let the dogs in and out. We have a porch light that attracted them and then we would open the door for ten seconds to let the dogs in or out and have 50 or 60 sitting on our ceiling. Not an exaggeration. Last night we had none after installing this. The dogs are still getting used to having to walk through the screen but it's definitely doing what we want it to do! Highly recommend!
I am very satisfied with the Performance, Quality and Value of this Extension Hose. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
I love this smart plug - it is so easy to sync with my Alexa. I use it in my bedroom with my bedside lamp and don't have to worry about getting out of bed to turn off my lamp. Amazing product for a great price.
Very well made register at this price point.
Ice maker works great easy install thanks
Good solid LED bulb. Construction is first rate. The only issue I have is my fault. I didn't notice that I'd ordered the "daylight" type. They are really bright white. IMO too bright for use in anything that doesn't have a shade like a ceiling fan with open bulbs. If you need very bright light in an area these will get the job done. Don't get me wrong these are great bulbs but realize that they ARE a very bright white color.
We're on home #2 & these are installed throughout in both. Never had an issue and are easy to install.
This product works amazing. It was very easy to install with my existing shower head. It works wonderfully and after using it for 2 months I see a noticeable difference in my skin and hair. My skin feels and looks softer, and much less prone to drying out. I use it to take baths too now, just filling the tub via the showerhead :) Awesome product, so affordable, thanks Invigorated Living!! :)
.....and then I found this shower head. Looking for something to replace our Waterpik shower head that was less than awesome, I stumbled on this one. Not a name I recognized but several glowing reviews, people like me in search of a better shower experience. THIS SHOWER HEAD IS IT!! :-) Do yourself a favor and remove big brother's mandated water restrictor before installing. My once low pressure shower is AWESOME now, my wife loves it.
Used to keep washer/dryer units stored in a bedroom from destroying the carpet
Love these legs - they are perfect
My brackets that hold the glass in on my entertainment center broke so I ordered these. Came fast and were exactly like the old ones. Came with nice screws as well.
This amazing smart plug socket is very helpful, I put it with my air conditioning. I turned it on via the wifi 20 mins before I return home and I can enjoy the cool air in the hot weather. It can help me to save the electric bills as well. I am highly recommend it. I will buy more for my other appliances.
This product works great! My recliners stay where I put them and so my hardwood floors won't get scratched. Just as advertised.
Nice item. Going to use in my travel trailer.
Goes great in my newly remolded bathroom, matching the brushed nickel hardware etc.
Worked great in Italy
Great product. I get a few every year to help save a few bucks over the colder months.
I really thought I was going to need more than one other person to help me move, but these helped so much! Just the two of us were able to move everything out of my old home and into the new one!
I have it on my dinning table which does not have an overhead light. Would also make a great dresser or bedside lamp.
It was a great primer for our tile floor that we painted.
Looks great and was surprisingly easy to assemble.
Excellent product! Perfect for what I need in my kitchen space :)
Great item. Seller is great to work with as well. Answers questions immediately
This stuff works great, holds fast but still have time maneuver if needed. Once in place, it's there to stay.
The lights go all night long. For small solar lights they are surprisingly bright and stay lit through the night. We liked these enough that we ordered anther set a week later !
Love these doorbells, easy to install, long range, loud, and easy to program each one individually so you CAN SET DIFFERENT RINGS for front door and back door easy instructions to do so. AWESOME !
These lights are amazing! I love the ambience but don't like the open flame option or the constant change of batteries and safe disposal of said batteries. Finally found a USB charging candle. They hold a long charge - easily up to 18 hours - and charge FAST. They are bright and flickering. I love the magnetic option but honestly haven't used it yet. Definitely worth the purchase. I would buy more if they had a bigger size option.
Perfect made 3 separate shelves
Very nice and bright
Does not provide any coverage for screen as stated in specifications
Exactly what I wanted. The instructions were super easy to follow and very clear. I was done rekeying the locks in 10 mins!
This is a well made high pressure shower head. It's light and the chrome finish makes it really attractive. Easy to install and has 2 settings to your liking.
Black vinyl number stickers arrived quickly and were exactly what I was looking for. Thanks!
i got the light bulb. It fit the lamp. It came in 2 days. It works .
Beautiful design. It came pretty fast.
The material feels strong, the lamp was well packaged, and the assembly took less than 2 minutes. One lamp provides enough light for a den area, but recommend two in order to light up a living room.
Excellent items!, strongly recommended
Great light strip, I set it in my pantry which illuminates the entire closet. The magnet strip holds very well. I love the fact that it is rechargeable through usb. It holds its charge for quite a long time
They look great above our kitchen island
Good instructions, great tech support, and easy installation.
The light is bright but not, at the same time. It gives off a really deep almost HD blue. White bulb with dark blue LED. Perfect for what I was searching to find. Fantastic accent lighting. I may buy another for the inside of my home. I should study writing Haiku reviews.
After checking many options at local home stores and here on amazon I don't think you can beat these for bang for your buck. Very affordable priced. Packaged well and looks great. Have yet to see how they hold up but they seem of standard quality and bulbs look to be easily changed.
I used these strips for accent lighting behind my PC monitor and under the shelf that it sits on. Very easy to install and operate. The instructions are very clear for setup and couldn't have been easier to follow. I wish I could find one or two more of the extension/connector cables by themselves that match what's in the package so I can put these strips in different places for various lighting, but I guess I'll have to stick with what I have.
I love lamp!!! Nice lamp, love that it's not super bright as my eyes are moderately light sensitive. Nice glow to it, shade is the right hue so that it doesn't have a yellow hue to the light.
This is really neat to be able to easily adjust the shower head and have it stay in place. It looks nice too and matches the silver in my shower.
The brightness really did a great job of lighting the room
Looks good on my front door wasn't too hard to install
Simple to install and quiet. Does its job so far
I am able to successfully connect and monitor with this from SmartThings hub.
I really like this product and easy to install. It help to reduce the strong flowing.
Perfect for my kitchen cabinets
Battery life is more than a year in my application.
This is easy to use and I gave 2 to my children to keep on them when they're outside playing.great for alerting when help is needed. Not to small but attaches to keyring if needed.must pull the chain to activate so no worries about accidentally setting off. Fast shipping also.
Cute little wall light which helps me to open up a can of cat food and serve my furry little girls without lighting up the entire kitchen. Love it.
STUNNING! Exactly as described! So easy to install and we were first timers! The pattern lined up perfectly (we have 9 foot ceilings with significant crown molding and baseboards) the final outcome met and exceeded our expectations! We now have a feature wall in our dining room that is a total showstopper! Just exquisite! Rockstar glam but not gaudy! The background color is a deep charcoal gray bordering on black but not as harsh as black. The pattern comes off as almost two toned because there is a glittery sheen on the perimeter of the pattern (subtle and again not gaudy very elegant) while the middle of the damask pattern is a flat finish. It combines yesteryear with a modern appeal. The Gold is more of a dull kind of brushed antique brass so it's not this over the top in your face yellow gold at all. I could go on and on with the positives! Love it so much!!!
I replaced my Phillips hue lights with these because I couldn't get them to work outside and I must say these lights are fantastic they work just like wonderful from sunrise to sunset.
Little skeptical about the price I'm a kind of guy that always goes by you get what you pay for but I bite my tongue on this one it works awesome Made my money back within two days here on out profit
Didn't have much come out but I guess the house is pretty clean so didn't need more. Easy to use and does the trick!
I purchased the IPrimio Bed and Furniture Risers to raise two sofas, in order to facilitate greater ease in getting up. They not only do what they are supposed to do, but look good. Very happy with this purchase and recommend the product.
I am retrofitting all my Fluorescent fixture to LED and these Non shunted Lamp Holders fit the bill nicely. Sturdy construction and quick shipping.
These lights pop on when you walk near them and provide as soft light as you pass through the area, then turn off. No fumbling around for a light switch any more!
Excellent for reading while my husband sleeps!
Love these filters. High quality. Monthly filter change made more convenient by ordering on Amazon, regularly.
All the parts I needed came with this pack ,strong, easy to use and excellent design
Elegant style. Its just like the crate & barrel but less expensive
Easy to install, Google Assistant and Alexa setup failed the first try. Had to run it again. Once setup works great though all around.
Great! Matched my brushed nickle faucet perfect
Programs in about 30 seconds. Works great on both my garage doors
My garage has no electricity. I put the little solar panel on the roof and hung the bulb from a string in the garage. The bulb is not super bright, but it lights up a one car garage space. It has 3 settings, high, low, and blink. You can charge the bulb with the panel or into a USB charger. I am sure you have lots of those.
Nice water dispenser. Thick walls and easy to clean.
I love how they all can be different colors and they are so bright! I thought they are a little pricey however once getting them they are well worth the money!
Pretty good for the price
These filters are great. Perfect fit and they don't leak a drop. Very happy with them.
Very pleased to have this light. I use in the backyard to see my dogs when they go out to do their business. It shines a good distance about 20 feet to see them. A good investment if you're trying to save on your light bill. I highly recommend LITOM brand of lights for purchase if you're seeking effective bright lights.
Great for outdoor situation. Good air flow, cools and works great with misting system to cool.
Quick delivery, good price, and easy to install.
Been using it for a while. Reliable and works well with Alexa. Need some basic knowledge to set it up but once it is done, that's it. Excellent product quality.
This is the one and only tape I use for painting. The cleanest line, easy removal, and no paint transfer.
It worked!!! Thanks.
I move a lot. And having a friend over to help move furniture is great. But the back breaking work is no fun. Having these straps is going to make moving a little less stressful. Even if we are rearranging the furniture at home, I can use these to move the bed and other heavy items around. They are pretty easy to setup and makes moving a breeze. I am glad I got these.
Usually, this does behind the scene lighting for my Octoprint server, but recently, I popped it on a battery pack during a power outage at night. Fantastic! Super bright, highly portable.
Easy to assemble, great lighting. Looked for one for ages. Love this
Installed these switches and connected to my network. They work great. They can be turned on /off by touching the blue dot on the switch or Via the smart Life app.
These paint rollers worked great for painting my sons room. The hold paint well and are easy to use. The rollers washed out better then I expected also.
Product description was not clear if this were the correct replacement. Turns out it was.
Is a really nice night light I like the colors on it , my son love it ! 😁
Puts just the right amount of light in a newly painted bath
I love command strips and hooks because they are so easy to use. I literally use these every where.
Easy application with patience of course. Directions are easy to understand. I love how it looks! Definitely recommend.
Very nice compliment to my decorator wooden boxes.
This is a great shower head for the price. We mounted it on a hose (not included) and use it to clean the shower. Also the wife uses it for rinsing out her long hair. We use a fixed round shower head for showering.
Very nice little lamp. The shade has no pattern, just a nice plain shade. The button just takes a gentle touch to turn on and off. Very nice
Plays fine with Google Home and downloaded an app to use as well - TuyaSmart works just fine on iOS for iPhone.
I used this light to replace an old fluorescent security light that I had over my driveway. It was very easy to install and produces a very bright white light with a wide radius, but not bright enough to disturb the neighbors. Very sturdy construction. The waterproof gasket can be tricky to keep in during installation but if you use a little grease or glue to tack it in place, no problem! You won't be sorry!
This was exactly what I was looking for.
My favorite piece in this set is the vinyl cutter. It works great for cutting .It make sit easy to cut in a straight line However make sure the slider is all the way down,if it goes up the blade sticks out a little(see pic), which can be a hazard. In addition it will not cut if it is in the wrong position. I like that this set has two squeegees. It lets me choose which works better for the project at hand, and which feels better in my hand. The craft knife has many heads. This set is great for any crater. It can be used to help apply wallpaper, but also great to have on hand for other projects.
Looks great and classic style.
This is an excellent quality product. Easy to install. Been struggling with suction style shelves for years. Had it for two month and holding load very well. Looks nice too.
Great heavy duty gate latch. Not sure how I lived without one.
Compact and well constructed. Works as advertised.
Worth the price; it gets blood out of clothing.
Perfect replacement for the broken switch in my hunter celing fan. The only thing that would make this better would be if the switches came with wire nuts.
As described, packaged in their own little individual boxes. Perfect.
Exactly what we wanted. Very impressed with the quality.
Enjoying the flame effect. Looks very realistic.
I was a bit on the edge when getting this but I ended up being surprised on how good they look. Would recommend!
Very powerful spray, very easy to use. Easy to set up, good instructions.
Very fast delivery. Came early 😎.
Perfect for any wood project, in my case? Rebuilding a guitar bridge!
Works perfectly and nice to look at.
These light are great, easy to use just pull apart then wrap around the umbrella pole, holds on securely where you want it, provides 3 light setting, bright light. When done with the lights either turn them off or remove the batteries and store them away for the next time. Set of 2 lights. Great buy.
I use them all! For the roof in my house! Prefer these before the ones at home depot since they have more grip to the wood, and the price of course!!
I love this product its awesome and the charge lasts a long time! You can have it as bright or dim as you want. It is so much gentler on the eyes for the middle of the night breaks than the overhead lights. The color variety is wonderful and installation was quick and easy.
I've been looking for the right door handles to fit my home for a while now and these door handles are by far the best! The handles definitely have a high quality feel to them and they look even better too. Clean, modern and high quality door handles all for a great price as well, I'll be purchasing more in the future!
Exactly as advertised. A good deal at regular price, and even better at a discount. They light up a decent sized closet well enough to find the tools I need, and they go off shortly after I close the door. Working well for three months now.
I haven't had a real world test of this product and hope I dont need to. As opposed to my last one, this does not go off everytime I cook.
Not too bright, not too dim, just right. Great for traveling: 1) very light weight and compact 2) works on both US 110V and foreign 220V 3) inexpensive enough so forgetting one in a hotel room once in a while won't ruin your trip. We always carry a spare.
Bright, light and easy to install.
I really like these lightbulbs. Not only do they look really cool - I love the soft lighting it gives my family room. Perfect for winding down in the evenings before bed.
So simple to install. Delivery of item was quick.
Very durable and a lot less expensive than your home improvement stores.
After moving to San Antonio and getting a $330 electricity bill we decided to install a programmable thermostat in our 1970 built home. I was a little afraid to install this in such an old home, but it was so easy to install and set-up. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new thermostat!
One remote controller can set three switch. I always keep the WIFI on which is cost power a lot. So this remote control can help with that. When I go to sleep I can use my phone and When I tired I can close the WIFI off no need to get off bed and turn off the switch. That's really helpful.
My furniture is happy. Cleans and polished all my table tops.
Perfect for what we needed. Easy to install. The longer hose really helps if you need it for using shower chair. Adjustable sprays. Great purchase
This is a very nice quality faucet and I am very impressed with it. I haven't installed it yet but am excited to do so. The button is a little stiff to push but my 8 year old son was able to do so.
Finally got this installed. LOVE IT. I have a claw foot tub and needed something like this. Considered buying it at local hardware store but this was the better buy. Easily switches between the options. Well made. When I get to the other bathroom, I will get another one.
Takes up no space and works amazing
They worked great for my heavy dinner plates used my own screws to make it more secure and bent the hanger part to make it stay flat
These are great. I set them up in my room last year and they worked perfectly. I took them off and set them up in another room when I moved and they still work great. The glue on the back of the strip didn't work after I took it off so I had to buy some double sided tape but it still works perfectly.
It works, what more to say?
I installed the shelves In my client's bathroom to remove the clutter around their tubs. It worked perfectly.
A great product I love this pump it is better than the ones that I used to use will be buying a back up soon.
Installed a wifi outlet in this box. Was tight but was able. To get it all in there! Have used a few times now and all have been flawless.
These are batteries. I'm not sure if they can be rated any differently. The price was good and they work just fine. Need I say more?
I bought this as a gift for my husband. It has everything he was looking for in a bedside lamp, I was so happy to find it! And even better, it works perfectly and looks beautiful. The dimming switch is the best part- with just a touch of the finger you can either turn it off and on or make it brighter or dimmer. The wireless charger is also a great feature. I definitely recommend this lamp!
I used this in closets and it has served its purpose. It's easy to turn on/off with the touch sensor. No wires, just 3 AAA batteries needed and can be attached just about anywhere with the 3M adhesive. It can also be adjusted at different angles.
Different settings I like it
Pro: It really does work. You connect it to your computer and it looks like a flash drive. I created a folder on my computer that I put doorbell sounds in. Then I cut out the sounds that came with this, storing them there, just in case. Then I uploaded the doorbell sounds I wanted. Easy as pie. Also, the doorbell button doesn't require batteries. I assume it's piezoelectric, which means it translates the mechanical energy of pressing the doorbell button into enough electricity to send a signal to the receiver. No batteries to replace, and the button is rated at 200,000 presses before failure. Con: Whoever "wrote" the manual didn't speak English. They probably ran it through Google Translate and published that. It's not difficult for a tech to figure out, but if you aren't a tech, find a tech friend before you buy it. For example, the procedure to link the doorbell button to the receiver is very like the procedure to link two Bluetooth devices together. (In fact it may be Bluetooth, not that I am claiming it is.)
The bulbs emit a bright white light and are perfect for a garage. I have three, 4 tube light fixtures each, in my garage. I am currently using two of these tubes in the affected fixture, since the two LED tubes supply as much light as the previous four fluorescent tubes. The connections couldn't be simpler; load at one end and neutral at the other. A handy wiring diagram is supplied in the package. I'm glad to be free of the ballasts. I intend to buy more bulbs from this seller when my other fluorescent fixtures need replacement bulbs. A word of caution; you must know how to work with electricity and electrical items to by-pass the balance and hook-up these items. I've had plenty of past electrical experience, so no problem. It's a good product and the seller is recommended.
Came in on time.Was packaged really great.
I liked this screen. I needed to make a screen repair at a friends house and found that this product was easy to install. I will purchase more for my own screens.
Well built. High quality.
EASY TO INSTALL AND VERY BRIGHT!
Just what we were looking for! The quality is even better than what I expected. We have rental properties and are going to give these to our tenants to use in their sinks so that debris will not go down the sink. We will order more of these.
They work perfectly. They are easy to install and I can move them anywhere I need them. I really like them.
I was worried I would need to replace all the railing on my front porch. This was all I needed. Thanks!
This stuff holds strong! Used it for indoor items and it has been a life saver!
Nothing cleans our cast iron Koehler sink better than this stuff. Now if they could invent a tooth whitening version...
Excellent faucet for the money.
Product was exactly as described. Works great, would buy from this company again.
Like the size and value. Installed into bathroom with low ceiling and little space.
Had to replace solar panel. They sent a new one same day and it works great now
Pineapples are the symbol for hospitality, so I ordered this for a house warming gift for a family member. It was such good quality and such a fun light, I ordered a second one!!
This is my third SANSI motion light and have been happy with the first two and this third is working well after installation. Very bright and reliable.
I bought these because an ad showed up in my Instagram feed and the little video clip showed how to use them. They are so easy to use and work much better than just a small nail in the drywall. I would highly recommend.
Very sturdy and durable. Great for brooms, rakes, shovels, and even toys. Makes my garage organized.
These sconces are great! Easy to install, adjustable, and stylish. I'm very happy with them.
This took about 10 minutes to install, with a simple adjustable wrench. Once in place, it worked fine. The sprayer end is heavy and seems of good quality, as does the valve. The thing sure has a lot of pressure, which is good.
The only problems I had with this light switch was deciding which light needed it most! I need to order about 10 more of these things. I had no problems installing it, setting up the app or connecting to Alexa. Actually it uses the Smart Life app which I already had for some other smart home stuff. This is really a great dimmer switch and much less expensive than the ones I checked out at the hardware store.
Woo, this outdoor solar wall light works so awesome! It has couple levels of brightness. It comes with two packages which is perfect so I can use them in front door and back door.
I like it how it works. Clean pretty good.
Seriously blinding bright lights! These are awesome lights, I love them so much; they truly light up my hallway. I put a new light fixture up and when I put these bulbs in you can see from one end of the house to the other. Truly fantastic lights, doesn't exceed to maximum wattage for the lighting fixture; I'm a happy camper!
high pressure of water, good shower head, well worth the price
Added a great look to under the inner lip of a bar counter top. Easy to apply and adjust to the right length.
Awesome. Just don't use any flash photography. It is shiny.
I'm disappointed that the remote doesn't have a lit display. Trying to use at night would be much easier. The unit itself works very well.
Great price and fit perfectly!
Beats the battery operated
We attached to the back of our headboard on our bed. Works great!
Worked correctly to replace one that top had broken, not holding spring in anymore.
I hung these in my bedroom for a neon feel. They're perfect. The only issue I had at all was hanging them up. I ended up buying clips from a hardware store and it worked out. But the lights themselves are prefect.
Fit perfectly and arrived quickly
This glue works great for small projects and dries very fast. I purchased it on discount and it is a great deal. It's awesome for us Do-It-Yourselfers, I will purchase again in the near future.
Good for the price. Works perfectly. On the small side. I like the finish on the base.
Love the different sizes and good for many occasions, recently the town was hit and we were out of lights for 4 days,it was so much nicer to use than candles during the night while we slept!
It was the perfect addition to my diy tire ottoman.
We've had these for a few nights and they work great! We have them in frosted globes at the bottom and top of our stairs and they work without fail! It even cuts on if we move in the range of motion, in our room which is the other side of a wall! I will be ordering more and will update if any issues arise.
Bought these bulbs, fast shipping, 2 bulbs won't work. I have contacted the seller and they have promptly reply back to me. And they will send me new bulbs. Other bulbs are working perfect, brighter than halogens and LESS heat. So far so good. Will buy again.
Not much to say hooked it up the works fine
Great quality! Will buy more
These lights are easy to install and exceed my expectations for the amount of light they provide.
Love that they are battery operated
Easy to use product.. good cleaning.
She easy to install and looks great! I'm using two in either side of my bathroom mirror. They provide a good amount of light, but could also be used in a bedroom or hallway and wouldn't be too overpowering. I love the industrial/ farmhouse look of them. Very trendy and great priced!
Works well connects with devices without any problems.
Fit perfect and fairly easy installation. Mark the drive belt position and re-install the same and you will not even have to make any adjustments.
Great Product & Service just as described
Love this......simple to operate and simple installation. I bought it because when we had to install new A/C....this is exact one the contractor used. A bit pricey....but here in Texas....well worth the price. Very accurate and goes well with most all decor.
Great little electronics bag. Lots of straps and pockets that holds my electronics gear. Zips up flat and fits nicely in my backpack.
I haven't had them long enough to rate the longevity, but so far I like them fine.
Built to NASA standards, seems like. Very nice. Includes all needed to install even the Teflon tape. Super easy installation. Just watch the video. It works great too. Highly recommend.
used for 16th birthday party- glow in the dark!
I knew that my filter needed replacement when I got the itches all over, head to toes. The replacement-cartridge was easy to insert...old one out, new one in. And I know that the replacement "works," because my itches went away! Relief!!!
Better than the incandescent bulbs I use to buy and put out more light while giving the option of 3 different levels of light. I will buy these again, they are a value.
The lights look beautiful!
Have been using this 3 months now. App works perfect. Let's me sleep better at night knowing my basement that likes to flood is being looked after.
I purchased this as a gift. It's beautiful.
They are the perfect bulb for my night lights. The illumination level is better than what I was getting with the old incandescent bulbs and they should last a heck of a lot longer.
For the price, it works and is effective. Used it to tip up a 500LB steel frame from the floor to the wall. Wrapped the pull rope around a piece of wood and pulled. Agree, changing out the rope will improve the performance. As well as a little thread locker on the nuts. All things considered, it's okay.
Clever idea! Got this for my Husband and he loves it. Don't hesitate it works, great gift!
easy to install, timer feature works great. I was able to make one remote control to fans by setting the switches the same
Well made, installs easily and looks GREAT! Made in the USA and seems durable. Color selections are good.
I love, love, love this faucet. Not only is the price affordable but it's just as described if not better. We purchased this for our half bath remodel and it help transform our bath will definitely buy again for the rest of my sinks.
Got this for my son for Christmas and its Exactly what we wanted! He loves it
first of all that is not electricity expensive this is a saver and brighter .. exactly for my subject everyday from my school and i always turn on while sleeping..
I love these earbuds...i workout, run, bike with these...for everyone having issues with these while working out (flat bench press) falling out, I've found that wearing them reverse and crossing them eliminates this issue. See photo below. They are excellent at noise reduction, 5 minutes charge is amazing, super comfortable, only down fall is I don't think they get loud enough to blow my ear drums but I can live with that
Bought this to help my Mom with a clogged bath tub drain. Worked great and saved us the cost of a plumber. This product when used will lose some teeth and after a few uses should be disposed. However, you get several in a package and they are inexpensive and do the job!
This item was easy to install at work and has such a pleasant tone.
Great replacement for my old in wall fan remote that stopped working (bad light button). It was easy to install and all that was needed was to match the dip switches to my old remote and I didn't need to pull the fan down to replace the controller unit in the fan.
Larger than I thought even though I read the dimensions. It is sticking well to the wall.
Great price. Easy to install. Put in closet.
Makes your garage quite.
I like the way they fit and the size is what I needed.
They are just what we were looking for. Something that would be a little accent light in the backyard without our backyard light being overpowered for the neighboring yard. They have a solar charged battery and sensor that when it gets dusk it lights up. The first night we hung them I looked in the early morning before the sun hit them and they still had enough solar power from the day before to be lit up. Very pretty, feel sturdy and look great with the small hooks we bought here on Amazon for them to hang on. Had a moderate breeze today and they hung nicely without too much movement. If I have high winds I would just put them down on the ground if not home. Like them enough that we are going to order more to go along the side fence.
I love this faucet. Kraus was recommended by my great contractor who's been doing kitchens for 30 years. It works perfectly. Period.
Absolutely fantastic roller covers at a reasonable price. I initially attempted to paint my car garage interior using the "best" quality roller cover from Home Depot (purple color) and the higher-end Purdy roller cover from Sherwin Williams. Unfortunately, both of those roller covers gave me uneven results and the roller covers kept sliding down off the roller once they became heavy with paint. I ordered these Wooster Pro/Doo-Z covers because I just couldn't stand the frustration of the other roller covers. It was well worth the wait for the Wooster Pro/Doo-Z covers to arrive from Amazon because I got much better results using it without any problems or frustration. I painted the entire garage using a single Pro/Doo-Z roller cover. It held up great and never soaked up too much paint. The wall coverage was nice and even, and most importantly, the roller cover never slid down the roller.
WE have a Kenmore dishwasher and it worked for us. It was easy to install and looks good.
Works as directed! Had leaks around my chimney flashing and vent stacks do to a shotty roofing job. Applied and dried with in an hour. No more leaks.
These gloves are fantastic. I bought my first set more than 6 months ago, and there's still little sign of wear and tear despite using it to wash dishes every other night. I liked it so much that I bought a second pair as backup.
Product as advertised
Perfect in my new kitchen. Looks classic and modern. They have a nice weight to them.
Heavy duty and great quality! Highly recommend!
Bought for over the vanity mirror in bathroom. Perfect. And I was worried they wouldn't be the right fit or color or brightness. Great price.
I just bought one to put in a rental property I own(will review Amazon installation later)...I put one in my own home several years ago and found it was an easy install and have not had any issues what so ever....any mineral deposits on the nozzle easily clean off with a bit of vinegar and a blue scrubby......definitely a good purchase worth the money!
The only problem is now my husband takes multiple showers a day with it.
At first I thought I would have a problem but turns out I'm so satisfied that I purchased it and it sticks very good on the surface .
I brought this for my mans and he loves it....... it's also smaller than I thought but a great gift for all
Our dogs don't like to go out at night, so I got 2 of these lamps to sit on either side of their dog door. They give out just the right amount of light, and use no electricity, and don't need to be turned on and off each day.
Looks absolutely beautiful! Installed in an hour and highly suggest having a helper.
The Owl's are very nice, great looking. Good quality, looks great at night. Wish they would come a litte biger thou.
Satisfyingly silent click and elegant design. Fits perfectly with any white/silver themed electronics
as described, thanks
Great picture, Very sharp compared to other bullet cameras I have. Solid case and mount, adjustable video, color and other options including color at night.
Good product for under counter and inside cabinet lights
Perfect! They came so fast it didn't seem so bad that none of the local stores had them.
Worked as good as the original part
This is a perfect bedroom lamp. The light is low and warm which makes my bedroom feels so romantic. I enjoyed reading my favorite book under this lamp.
Does what it says it does, very easy to install and easy way to check TDS for those in the reef hobby.
I use the big hooks for a large ladder and the small ones for a smaller one. They seem to work great.
Easy to order the right filter.
I bought 2 and I'm very happy. Finish was as expected.
I have a magnet that I attached my light to, I use it in my outdoor shed and one in my pantry. Since the pantry gets used daily that does not last as long, I've had to replace the batteries once in 6 months for the pantry and I have yet to replace the batteries in the shed.
These parts work great they are all same as original equipment from same manufacture.
Good quality, nice lighting
Was exactly what I needed came quickly
This chandelier is without a doubt a conversation piece. Every person that walks into the room notices this first. It dressed up my dining area with a pop, thats for sure.
Very impressed!!! I wish I'd known these existed a long time ago when our front-loading washer was causing our entire apt to shake during the spin cycle. Extremely inconvenient especially when you have little kids at home who are trying to sleep. Knowing that I could have simply bought these and solved the problem quickly and cheaply makes me mad:) . But I m so happy they exist and I know about them now, because they work wonders! The house is now steady , no shaking, no load noise! Very happy I got these!
I haven't used the machine much, but so far I am very pleased with the ease of use and how well the machine is made. Nice product for the money.
Worked great for what i used it for.
This stuff is amazing. Don't read any negative reviews. It's everything it's marketed to be.
We got this for a commercial sink in our basement, but I would be happy putting this faucet anywhere. It's well-made and has design details that make it look like a much more expensive faucet. The arc is perfect for the basement sink. We took off the end of the faucet and attached a small couple so that we could attach a hose to the faucet and it works great. It is not easy to find wall-mounted bridge faucets at this price point that look anywhere near this nice. I would happily put a faucet like this anywhere in my house... and I am very design-oriented.
This is a must have for replacing cartridges. Wish I had found this years ago.
Wisconsin weather snow and rain and these lights are still hanging strong , so far no problems would buy again
Perfect small size that didn't impact the ability to fully close cabinets and drawers. Would order again.
I bought this solar lights for the convenience and price. There are perfect for what I need them for. The motion sensor was awesome. There were easy to install. The brightest was perfect for the space where I put them. I just want to say that I recommend this product without hesitation.
Took a bit of searching to make sure i was getting a replacement as close to the non-working motor as i could. This one was extremely easy to switch out in my fiber optic Santa - couple of snips of the wires to remove the old motor, expose the wires, twist to the new motor, couple drops of solder & some electrical tape - & bam!! Works flawlessly so now Santa can keep on going for hopefully another 15 years!! Now, if somebody would just make it's light bulb in led vs halogen so i wouldnt have that to swap out every few years!!
I've purchased a set of these in white and in black. The colors match pretty well and hold very well. I needed it for a piece of IKEA furniture that didn't have enough wood on the back for traditional straps. This turned out to be just as strong of a hold and didn't mess up the furniture. I also used a set on a 400 lb. gun safe to provide some extra support. I was able to climb on top (175 lbs.) and lean against the strap and it wouldn't budge. Great product that I'll continue to use.
Part worked great. Looks like a good quality machined part.
typical duck. great product
Worked perfect for my portable air conditioner
My husband wears it when he is skiing. Although this mask is lightweight, it really keeps the head and neck warm.
Ordered this product to do a self repair on our garage door opener. With the help of a few you tube videos, and this kit, I was successful. Kit contained all the necessary items.
The item is great. But the remote does not work :(. It will work off and on. Now my lights are stuck on blue.
This is not my first time buying the bidet, i bought couple in the past and was happy with overall performance of the older bidet but this time i thought i should try something new. We both love our new Bidet only thing is i got splash couple of times from back but after couple of tries we observed that if you scoot all the way back you wont get splash. Installation was easy and we have no leaks.
Ordered two for a double vanity. Great quality. Solid heavy weight and extremely smooth operation of the valves. Easy to install and came with everything. Very nice design.
Really nice lighting for the garden.
My bedroom has HORRIBLE lighting. Every time I would do my makeup, I would have some kind of line or a spot that I missed... until I bought these lights! Super easy to apply, perfect for doing makeup ！ I love it！
Nice 3 prong outdoor extension cord. Needed a short one and bought this- works great- perfect for where I needed it
They work very good, and they are as bright as they get for a small solar light, I put mine on a fence post with a zip tie, I will buy again.
This is amazing and gives my room a completely different vibe! Can't wait to buy more. :)
Great material but a bit expensive.
It works so well, we bought 2 more, gave one as a gift...thank you!
Solid gate operator for the price. Has been installed only a couple of weeks but the initial impressions are good. Will update if something changes. It is important to know the installation will require a professional unless you are VERY handy and/or were blessed by your Creator with an innate aptitude for automatic gate opener installation.
Just as pictured good packaging no broken bulbs
Gave as presents at work for our new workstations. It was a hit!
It is a dispensers with the refill bottle under the counter, and it is so easy to refill and use. Once refill, it could take me like mouths to refill it again! The quality of the dispenser seem good and made of the heavy steel, not the cheap material that I once brought from Walmart. Recommanded
Fit perfectly for older model facuet. Cannot find this at Home Depot.
Love this set and very bright!
Just installed these and I do like how they add some tint and block the direct sun. You can feel the heat on the carpet from it beating half the day. This should help a lot!
Came quick and installed FAST!!
This product works perfectly and I will be buying some more shortly.
Two minutes to deploy...great product....and it's okay looking.
Purchased "copper" faucet for pedestal sink. Installed professionally was told by plumber that installation was pretty straight forward and did not encounter any unusual obstacles. I am a very pleased customer!
Awesome for the price
It is ok as per its price and quantity
Now have a screen door that stays closed and no bugs can get in.
Our 40+ year old door bell finally bought the farm, so we got this Honeywell. So far we love it! It has quite a few different sounds pre-loaded but you can add new sounds and it is so simply to do! You just connect it to your computer with the included USB cable... and a window for the doorbell open and you can drag and drop the mp3 file into the window and your done. No fancy complicated program...just drag and drop. It also has volume buttons and mute/timer buttons. One thing I really like is that since it isn't hardwired into your house, you can set the doorbell anywhere you want. I did go ahead and hang it on the wall where my old one was but it is very easy to lift it off the hanger so I can take it to my computer(and add new sounds).
Really good Connectors. Easy to use.
The clamps that come with this fixture don't hold it secure enough to the ceiling, but they've promised to find a satisfactory resolution to the issue very soon. Otherwise, lighting is very bright and great.
Nice bright light for my work area and I found it very easy to install.
Really gave my shutters a classy look! Super easy to install. Will buy them for my next window. One down 3 more to go.
Very warm lighting. I put it the hallway in front of my house,when I go home,open the door the lights will be automatically for me.easy to install also.
It was so Easy to install and stopping the hot air coming under the door. I would save a lot money on my power bill .thanks
Mostly large bungees!
shipped instantaneously, installed easily, did not leak, gave clear water almost immediately. Couldn't ask for more. Now will have to wait to see how long it lasts.
Was the correct part and looked oem
I have just placed these bulbs for ambient lighting and so far I am very pleased.
I like the product, replaced broken ones that installed by the builder, easy and fast to install, perfect replacement and durable, packed and delivered great on time.
Perfect. I like it so much!
Awesome product. As seen in my picture, you can tell where I stopped for a photo opp. Made my 1987 Bayliner look new again!
This is a truly awesome clock. Easy to set up as following instructions, and being functional as regular alarm clock. The BEST feature is the camera, which it is beyond my expectation that nobody would think it's a camera clock by just looking at it, no distraction at all. Through the phone that hooks up with camera, it has the moving detection, which allows you to get noticed wheather there are people coming in or not. Love this, definitely recommend my friends to get one
The multipack is great and USB ports make it easy to use for multiple phones and charging external batteries while travelling. Better price than at the airport or luggage store also!
Nice contemporary look.
This is the sturdiest step ladder that I have ever had! Love, love, the wide steps and the fact it is comfortable to sit on.
Worked better than excepted. It was nice and easy to use!
Super easy to set up with the app. Instructions were pretty clear. Love how you can schedule the bulb to turn on and off at specific times
Exactly what I needed for an old enamel top table with folding sides.
Works very well and stainless steel is very good quality not like other brands
a must have... don't drink acidic water.
Definitely recommend this bag, spacious and durable. A good buy for keeping important documents safe.
I installed this peephole in my metal garage door so I can see what's going on in my driveway/street without having to run inside and look out the window. It took about 5 minutes to install. I happened to already have a step drill bit that included the somewhat odd size required (my DeWalt bit set doesn't go up that big). The peephole has a nice angle of view and is crisp and clear. It looks discreet, and I like the little rotating cover so there won't be a point of light when viewed from the street. I have two garage doors, so I am considering getting another one for the other side of the garage.
These emergency lights solve our lighting issues at the post.
tons of compliments on this mirror...its beautiful
Very happy with the product. The bowls have good thickness and great color
One was included with the sink I ended up with.
Awesome ....and easy to use
Mounted these on our shed and they look great with a real beautiful light pattern. Definitely recommend
Works well. Thank you.
Love this little light! My son uses it if he wants to read before going to sleep or if he wakes up in the middle of the night and wants to read before going back to sleep. The amber light doesn't disrupt his circadian rhythm.
Perfect to see at night... clicks on anything up to 1". I just bought a tricycle & I am clicking it on the front handle to see where I am going as it is getting dark. Thank you & gratefulness for the cost!
Quick and easy to buy . Great product
1 year old and still awesome
The lights are just as advertised. They work perfectly.
they have held up well , just needed a few more.
It's a perfect shower set up; unfortunately I didn't get the tub spout. I need that addition. In a shower, it's a 'toe bath' What must I do to get that ?
This works great! I needed a light to see into a cabinet, and it's working out just fine for that. I like that it's LED light, because i know the batteries will last a long time. Motion sensor is perfect for my needs, because i don't want to be fumbling for a switch.
Bought this to plant flower bulbs in the spring.Good !!
The product arrived quickly and in good condition. They were well packaged and looked exactly as described. I used these as decoration rather than actual drawer pulls. I attached them with a bit of clear apoxy instead of the screws that were included. Very nice looking! I would purchase again!
It is a good deal, good quality(no leak so far), and cheap compared with the ones in homedepot
My ladder and I thank you.
Better than name brand filter that came with fridge at a fraction of the price! Better filtration of things our bodies don't need!
Perfect magnet to let everyone know if the dishes are clean or dirty
The original pull chain on my overhead fan one day pulled clean out of the original switch. Bummer. But I found this switch in Amazon and ordered it to repair my fan. It arrived quickly, fits & and works perfectly.
Works as advertised. Makes bad water taste like what water should. Nothing..
Love, love, love this tub! My tile guy said simple to install but wasn't super crazy about the plastic drain hose.
Perfect fit in my Kohler toilet. Identical to the original flapper it replaced. I checked the local Ace hardware store, thinking it would have to be cheaper, but the flapper on Amazon was actually three bucks cheaper.
Very Good item! I have had to replace this knob twice before. Finally.. Found this knob with a metal ring insert and at a very decent price..
Super light, very bright, I did have a problem about 10 months after install, customer service was the best, sent me a whole new light with no problem and very quickly. Highly recommend them and the light
We love this shower head. The 6 spray setting are a nice bonus.
VERY GOOD GLUE, ALL PURPOSE . TAKE CARE BY CLOSING TIGHTLY AND NOT TO EXCEED ADDITIONS . PRODUCT EXPANDS
The value is quite high, the lighting is soft, the material is strong and durable, and the lampshade is not rough, practical.
Replaced a 15 year old Liftmaster remote with this newer model. Easy installation. Works as expected.
We purchased this rubber runner mat to protect our concrete in the backyard of our newly built home. We're having some landscaping and construction done to the back yard and wanted to ensure our patio and walkways were protected. The mats were easy to unpack, lay out, and we even had to cut a small section to fit the shape of our walkway and it was super easy! They are super durable even when underfoot of workers, dirt, equipment, and machinery. They've done a great job keeping the concrete safe from wear and have provided great traction for the workers when it rained the other day. Awesome pick up!
Tried to find a gold one in the stores....no luck. This one matched all my other gold fixtures perfectly.
Good product and quality
Problem solved.... needed a hasp that could go in a 90 degree corner, and still cover the screws...local hardware does not carry these.... Problem solved, though it did take me 15 minutes to install Needs longer screws ( which I had ) or it can be easily pried off
Used to hold a shower head on opposite side of shower. My girlfriend and I now have a two-person shower!!! We feel like kings and queens.
Unbelievably easy to install. I have a bum shoulder and it took me 5 minutes to put on.
I think they work just as well as the big name brands from Box stores. Significantly lower price point. I like to change filters every 4 to 6 weeks. Live in Arizona lots of dust. Noticed on last replacement probably could go 8 weeks or even longer. Also this brand has odd sizes which you can't find at Box stores. That's how I found them in the 1st place I needed a 5" deep filter instead of a 4" for a previous house. Once I tried them I really like them. I also think they flow more air making this system more efficient yet do just as good a job of filtering.
Really love this paint, it covered so well!! Chalk paint is the bomb!! I did wax over it though and it seems fine! I used a black wax over the light pink paint.
Love them. Needed a washer to help tighten them. But love the look and feel
worked out better then expected, electrolux washer washing again, thank you
I love this product as an accessory to plastic model assembly and other craft projects for temporarily fitting pieces together before I initiate permanent bonding. The stuff will get hard and lose it's malleability after a year, so don't let it sit around too long
I opened the box, put in the battery and clicked the buttons. It worked perfectly no programming or syncing involved. My only issue was that it was a lot more expensive that the other remotes.
Saved a lot of money installing myself
I am really happy with this Bluetooth fingerprint lock! I have been able to use both of my thumbs, and had my husband scan his as well in case something were to happen. You can also unlock it from the app on your phone as a backup. So far I have used it several times at the gym and it has been great! Haven't had to charge it yet. Really happy with the purchase!
Rustic and quite beautiful
Packaged really well. Fits perfectly. Bright bulbs that dim!
Love this solar lamp. It has three modes, but the flickering is my favorite. This goes very well with my flickering tiki torches and flickering speaker.
This work good. I bought it for my son to try to soften his outdoor tough working hands.
Excellent product that works. I replaced a plastic lever one that after time always tend to not lock when on.
It was perfect for my project
This light fixture is perfect. Small, but bright light and very fashionable for my small kitchen on house boat. Very happy with this purchase.
We bought these to use by our organization for lakeside and roadside clean-ups. We also bought several other brands to evaluate. We selected these as best because of their sturdiness, smooth operation, large pick up point and reasonable price.
This is super cool light bulb! It really does look like flickering flames. I put it in our outdoor (but covered) porch light. It looks great! My kids especially enjoy the flame effect. It really is relaxing to sit around the ambiance a flickering flame creates... even if it's created by a light bulb. Lol! I will have to order more bulbs for my kids' rooms.
Purchased this lamp for Mother's Day. My wife loves it she is very happy with it. She uses it for her artwork And other things that need close-up work
Gorgeous, as expected and incredibly beautiful. I absolutely love this piece! I was even more excited about the elegance of the crystal, large and impeccable Himalayan salt quality and quantity, and finally there is a dimmer (and even an extra light bulb)! Super easy to assemble to fit your personal style! Had to leave a 5 star feedback as soon as possible! So thrilled and relieved I finally have exactly what I wanted! Thanks xo 🙏
The door knob looks beautiful. Switching the door knob for left swing to right swing was a little tricky but other than that the door knob seems to be perfect.
is so beutiful i realy like
Gorgeous and easy to work with!
excellent safe as long you have 6 inch stud to fit in.
Installed the dimmer in the wall box, used the app to pair with the smart bridge and remote control; everything worked as expected. Set a timer with the cell phone app and the lights came on and went off perfectly. Very pleased with this product from a dependable manufacturer.
I received my wifi bulb today and it was so fun to use it. the installation app is user-friendly and easy to set up. I connected it to my google home device and it works perfectly. the bulb is just 4.5 watts which is so low power and economic. It has seven main colors and you can even select the shades of the colors. works with sound also that makes it perfect for parties. I love it. Update: using one light bulb may not be enough to light a regular room. Use multiple of them or with some regular lamps.
Completely fixed out of balance problem.
Worth every dime! Good product and great customer service from the sellers!! If you don't have one it's worth your time!!
I ordered two of these cute little lamps for a table in my newly remodeled bedroom. They are adorable, elegant and just right to leave on before retiring for the evening!
We love having this light for night time and it is fun to see reactions of others when they get to see the lights do their thing!
Super easy to use. Just what I needed.
We desperately needed this filter because of our hard water. Easy to install. Don't get so excited that you forget to put your own shower head back on like my husband did. Haha. Comes with extra pieces of everything which is really nice.
What a life saver. Installed 10' sheets of 5/8 inch drywall on a ceiling that is 9 feet high. Works great, easy to setup and use.
Purchased for a beautiful dark walnut clad room. Modern style, but really works in a very traditional room. The warm colors in the lamp work perfectly with the other updates I made to add color to a very dark room.
Supports the toilet seat firmly to accommodate the bidet.
Easy to install. Easy to use. This is worth the money. Just wish we had time and ability to hook it up to hot water! I recommend this product.
Works well with my Amazon Alexa. Good price to buy it. Also can work with WI-FI. I can open and close lights and air conditioner now. Make me easy haha~
Beautiful well made great quality it's way better in person than a picture. I'm very happy with it I love it.
A halogen lamp I've had for years finally burnt out, and I bought these as a replacement. Glad to be able to use a low-power option in my lamp. So far I've used one for about a week, and so far everything is good.
got it fast and fits and looks great in the door!!! Thank you
Feels just like a massage, getting another for the guest bathroom!
It was easy to install and set up.
Easy to install - works well.
Good filter for kitchen sink or bathroom.
Very well made, good value. Really good replacement for cheap plastic vent.
Works great, inexpensive than most models but works better than others, definitely recommend
easy install love having one key for the whole house.
Excellent product. I had a cooker given that was slightly too small for the gap. The Silicone Gap Covers have tidied it up beautifully!. I would suggest that they are made slightly longer and then could be cut to size
This is really beautiful with nice details. I read porcelain in the reviews altho the description indicated resin I took a chance hoping that it wasn't going to look cheap and it wasn't it's porcelain. It has a battery operated candle that stays on for 6 hours and off for 18. Perfect for a little ambiance. Mine is indoors but considering couple more for outdoor patio.
These motion sensor lights work great. They are quickly triggered by movement and remain on for about 10 seconds or so. I've only had them for less than two months so I'm not sure how long the battery lasts, but I can say that they have been well worth the purchase so far. They're also very easy to attach due to being magnetic, and with the included stick pads they can be attached to most any surface.
Very happy with these. Super bright and good looking - sort of like myself. :)
very satisfied with the lighting variation and remote control
They hang just barely over the feet of 2 arm chairs and the couch. All 3 don't move at all even if one of our kids is jumping on the couch.
LOCE this craft lamp. It is so handy to have my highly used things stored in one place. The bulb is bright and really helps when working with small projects
Exactly as advertised. I installed it in my garage on the ceiling. I mostly use it to run a table saw and air compressor during projects. I have had no issues so far. It retracts well and is heavy duty enough that I Know it will handle anything I will be using it for.
Great product, was super easy to install and provides the perfect amount of light at night. I was impressed with the light sensor and the quality of the connection to the outlet (other LED wall outlet plates have issues with connectivity). I will be buying more to put in my kitchen and basement!
Perfect replacement for an older less attractive one.
Thi s a great all purpose electrical tape, that can be used for any job!
Easy to install & are nice quality too for the price.
Love it. Great that you can adjust how bright it glows.
This Coiled Pex line is exactly what I needed to hook up a new water filter system to our new fridge. I used a good tubing cutter for precise cuts that made the job easier and leak free, using the push in quick connect fittings, I had extra Tubing so I coiled it back to a desired length for cleaning purposes, and cable tied it behind the filter assembly. Worked out great and leak free.
Excellent filter, rapidly delivered!
Great substitute for the GE brand. Product was packaged great and went in easy. No problems with the product. Awesome price.
I installed this lock box on the wall in my backyard. Easy to assemble. It is a good idea to get one just in case some family members forget to bring keys out with them.
I ordered this for my Bosch dryer and it worked like a champ! Strongly recommend it.
Good value. Much better price than retail. Pretty bright lights that can be placed inside many objects to illuminate.
Fast shipping, good quality
Great product. Ease in installation, and like the ability to input up to 19 codes.
Very controllable on temp. of water and volume. The connecting Tee sent for the hot water would not stop leaking until I replaced the washer included with a thicker one of my own.
Igniter worked as expected
Was a perfect replacement for dresser handles
Quick shipping and seems to be working just fine. Thanks!
This matches my Mediterranean bedroom set perfectly. Installs as easily as any other ceiling fan.
It's been 4 months, and the caulk still looks like new... none of that black mold the old caulk had all over it. My only reservation is about color - it turned out my tub is actually not pure white, so the caulk doesn't match it exactly, as it's bright white. Not sure if there is an off-white version.
I was so pleased to find these bulbs.
Easy to install and there was plenty of two sided tape. Went through whole winter and not issues.
I am very surprised by how much I like this. The bulb has been placed in a bronze floor lamp with a pierced screen instead of a traditional shade. I worried that being able to see the bulb would lessen the effect so I placed pieces of parchment between the bulb and the screen. (I find the bulb itself to be ugly) It looks amazing!
This is the best product I've purchased in a long time, well made right here in the USA. They sent some extra items I need, (free) a whole roll of thread sealing tape, and a Sharkbite fitting removal tool.
Great fun light. Works great, though I ordered 2 pack, 1 arrived damaged. Kudos to Stacy at vendor, I emailed vendor and immediately received a new one, no charge. My family love these and we like that they do not turn on when there is enough light to see bowl. Smart and saves battery power.
This product is messy, get a shower curtain liner or plastic drop cloths. I saved myself hundreds of dollars with this product. I will put up with some mess. Takes time but again, saving big bucks! Let it sit for 30 minutes or more, then I used a spray bottle with water to rinse.
It worked perfect for my white desk!
These are fine wooden knobs. If your drawer or cabinet front is less than 3/4” you will need to grind or file the screws down but that's not a defect in the product so 5 stars.
Great faucet, easy installation. We had to turn the water pressure down at the shutoff because this faucet has no regulator and our sink is modern and shallow.
Perfect fit. Works well. Still working 2+ years later
Purchased for a 3 year old to check for scary things at night. No batteries to buy in the event it's left on. Works perfectly.
I t works great on my kitchen sink.
It keeps a dim light steadily throughout the night and turns very bright when when the motion detector is activated. Have purchased four of these for dark areas of my home.
We've used these buckets of DampRid in our boat for 15 years and have never had any mold inside. I put new ones in every fall when I winterize the boat. We'll use them for a whole year. I also put them in the motorhome.
It has a nice appearance. I like that has different settings, I loved the spa spray mode. It's easy to install, took my husband less than 5 minutes. It's a nice upgrade to my bathroom.
I really like the way these look on our deck stairs. Our yard is very dark because we have a lot of trees and no street lights in our neighborhood. So these were perfect to light up the deck stairs and make them safer. Plus, they look great! I've gotten a few compliments on them already. They were very easy to install and since they are solar powered there were no wires to worry about. I plan to order another set for our back deck as well.
So the head was easy to install. The flow restrictor was completely unnecessary since the shower head is so big, it pretty much restricts the flow on it's own.The spray is powerful and the circumference is perfect for full coverage. I'd pay double for this but am happy it cost so little. This shower head handles the pressure without being overpowering. Actually feels like a waterfall to me!
I have been searching for a lamp I can easily charge my phone with, but most of the ones I've seen available are very cheap-looking desk lamps (you know the ones, shiny plastic with built in pen cups). After two years of dealing with fishing out cords that fall behind the bed, I finally found these lamps and they are absolutely gorgeous AND functional. I purchased two in white. I love that they come with drum shades and fit perfectly with modern and mid century modern decor. The shade screws on separately (not held on by the bulb itself) so there's absolutely no wobbling! These are surprisingly sturdy, even the pull cords are obviously made with quality care. I plan to buy more for my living room soon. They are true to the photo and a beautiful brushed nickel finish. If this review helped you in any way, please give me a "Yes" so I can continue to provide helpful feedback in my amazon reviews.
worked for like 3 months great now its dead and cold again.
Used the eyelets along with other hardware to fasten wire to posts for decorative grape arbor. Worked great and with marine grade stainless, no rusting. Delivered quickly.
Spacing.. Someone asked
"It looks solid and you can set multiple fingerprints, no need for keys any more.This is cool technology!"
Had these on bushes and thought they didn't work. I found out that you really have to press the button until you hear it click turn them on. They are tiny lights, but they look very cute. I purchased them for an aunt who wanted lights but didn't have working electrical outside. Really cheered her up.
Looks great on my son's wall. He loves it. Fast shipping, always arrives in good condition
We love it. Does take up some room in cabinet.
This is a pretty creative device in that it offers 2 plugs of z-wave goodness and is short enough that it doesn't get in the way of the non-smart socket. I have this paired with my Hubitat Hub and it works perfectly.
Fits like original..seems fine.
Slows my yorkie down enough so she does not gobble her food as fast. Very wise investment no more pushing the water or food bowl around the floor
These look & work great!
Works just as described. We use a string of lights across our bed's headboard at nighttime and it was always a pain having to plug/unplug them everyday. Randomly got an idea in my head to look for something that provided and on/off switch and came across this product.
It was exactly what we needed. Thanks.
The lamp did not even made it to my wife's sewing machine, it's already in use some where else, need to buy more. Careful, those are realy bright LED's
I feel like I'm driving a Beetle! The flower makes me feel better when driving!
I am excited to find these replacement bulbs. It is very frustrating looking for them in my area. These are well packaged in individual boxes in a case and I would buy again in a heartbeat, based on turnaround time and presentation. They were well packaged and padded to protect them. While I can not speak to longevity yet, I am pleased with the bulbs. Thank you for this product!
This is a great ladder. I have bad knees and questionable ankles so I'm a little nervous on ladders and step stools. I love this one because I can hold on and feel secure & that's a huge deal if you have balance issues or joint problems. It doesn't move as you're using it either. Someday hopefully soon, I want to purchase the big ladder.
Good item works great and it was fast shipping
Out of all the smart lights I have purchased this is my favorite so far. I love the fact it has soft white and so many other colors. The price is great for what you get and I would definitely buy more in the future.
When you want bright light you can't fine it in the retail stores anymore.
Very loud and will be heard by everyone, lol. I wish it had a feature to screw mount rather than just the double sided tape that came with it, but for now it's been holding up on our brand new steel door for over a month.
Love it. Great quality! Looks stylish and well designed. Really like it!
Very bright! I use this at night in my living room so that when I wake up I can see where I'm going. Its very beautiful!
Very strong, worked perfectly for shelves in our kitchen, not at all afraid to put fragile things on them.
Held firm on slippery surface
Happy with the purchase, lights up a dark place just like a light should.
Wished I would have known AA batteries are not included! 3 each unit / 18 total AA required
Have purchased many of these and they have all been great quality.
Really cool device for those who don't already have a doorbell. Works really well and is loud enough to hear throughout the house. Easy to hang. Comes with everything you need. Very good product!
Higher quality then I expected.
Great, bright little keychain lights. Work just as described.
Fair price and Free shipping along with decent quality .
Easy install. Garage door opening notifications are very useful. Garage door "time open" alarm is also great for making sure I don't leave the garage door open accidentally.
Needed to 'pump' up the water pressure. Saw the video about removing the regulator inside and it's now a spa!
Easy to set up. Needed a product that did not have to be mounted on wall and that would use electricity with battery backup. This product fit those needs.
Great lamp for my sewing station. I just clamp it on my desk and I can bend it and adjust the intensity if I need to double check my sewing. I can also move it and clip it onto the sewing machine itself and use it without the charging chord for quite a while which makes it even more helpful.
My wall was not "perfectly" 90 degrees but I was still able to install with extra glue and caulk. Looks great.
It was easy to install/noticed difference in water right away. Lots more suds.
Looks great. Very sturdy. Easy to put together. The outlets are very convenient. Built in shelves for overnight phone and glasses storage is perfect. Very pleased with this.
This product works well.
Nice LED motion sensor closet light, I was put it in the storage, small and enough power, also have on and off, you can turn off anytime if no longer use, and the price is very good.
We bought this to work with Alexa and we love it. It's a way better deal than the individual plugs. We use this for our coffee pot, a light and a room heater, and we still have one we don't know what to do with. We then programmed Alexa to start the coffee pot when you say the magic phrase (“start my day”) and the coffee pot turns on. I can also do this from my phone in bed now. The light control is obvious. The heater is nice because we can turn it on when on the way home and it helps get the room warm faster. I happen to be a flight attendant and being able to turn it on from the airport is super handy. By the time I get home, the room is comfortable. Now if you don't have Alexa or the google mini, you can still use this. There's a free app called the geeni app that will turn your phone or tablet into the WiFi remote. I found out about the geeni app from a single plug I bought at Target, and I was relieved to see that Geeni is an app that works with Alexa. It also finds a ton of other smart controllable devices like my nest thermostat. Finally, in case you were wondering, the four usb plugs are all on one on-off switch. There is also a button that you can push to activate and turn on all of the plugs just in case your remote control device is nowhere to be found.
They light up as expected. What else can I say.
Product works good. Product is a good quality product
I plugged it in and it worked!
installed and worked just like hoped - bright recommend due to appropriate and timely ON with appropriate delay to off
This sink is very good quality. Worked very well with our recent renovation.
It's perfect! We needed a few extra pieces to fit our sink (underneath) but it was perfect! It's beautiful and I love it!
Love these lights!! I'm no electrician but I installed them alone and took me abt 10 minutes. Took me longer to get the ladder and remove the old light than it was installing these.
Managed to install in my dryer. easily. no issues. Didnt break or rip.
Finally a remote control that works as they say. great radio frequency, nothing interferes with it. and very well made. I would suggest putting a little piece of Velcro on the remote and sticking it some place that you can remember so you don't loose it.
I used these mainly for use with my Gardening tools & yard deco for storage in the garage and they are just the right size.
Bought when my speaker I had been using broke. This is fantastic. Would recommend buying.
I purchased two of these a week ago and so far they are very bright and have weathered heavy rain/wind (they are sitting on my lawn). My neighbor has a more expensive, similar 50w light and you cannot see a difference in our houses when the lights are going. So, I'm glad I didn't get the higher priced lights. However, the screws on the back look like they're starting to rust already so, hopefully, that won't impact the light. The remote works fine from 10-12 feet away but no further. These are sturdy, heavy lights with a strong bracket for easy adjustment. With an 18 month warranty on these, I feel good about my purchase. They really light up my house for the holidays!
Great idea. Very bright.Changes to 16 colors, has an automatic disinfectant. Works as claimed. Automatically turns off when overhead light is turned on. Am pleased with this.
wow! what can i say, for the price of this faucet it does the trick quite nicely. Very solid feel and adjusts nicely. I installed this in my RV and it was a breeze. No need to buy the expensive name brand when this one does just as well.
I bought these lights for my birthday and they arrived on time but with a messed up sensor. When I reached out to the seller about this they responded lightning fast and talked me through trouble shooting and even sent out a new sensor and remote which caused everything to work correctly. The product does work as described and yes the music modes actually work like they are supposed to. I love this product and the seller gave me the best customer service experience I've ever had.
I was looking for a good LED replacement for my landscape lighting, these Brightech units did wonderfully. I've had them installed for a while now and they are doing great! Highly recommend.
It looks amazing, I have no complaints!
The light on my sound bar is super bright - the large sticker from this set covers it beautifully! And a quick reposition was also no trouble! The variety of sizes and shapes in this set is really nice, too!
I'm not certain about the ease of installation. I hire an electrician for most install work...it took my electrician about 20 minutes to take down the old fixture and put this one up. He said it was simple.
Having trouble getting it set up, will edit review once I figure it out!
Love these, bought 4 for 2 sets each. I spray painted one set gold, 2 set dark stone texture, the light gold on flowers, then added black leaves, beautiful!
With the stores now charging almost $20 for 2 brand name filters, I was thrilled to find these. The only downside is having to soak them first.
Just received this unit and tested it. Quite brilliant for 60 watts, solidly built and well packed. Before installing it I'd have to say this is a quality product
Nice product for the price - dressed up my rental's kitchen!
This lamp is the perfect size. And having the options both top and bottom or top or bottom is awesome. Love it.
The exhaust hose on a portable air condition can get up to 115-120 degrees. This make sure that the heat goes out the duct and does not stay in the room that you are trying to cool. Plus it's a little quieter too. Worth it, especially if you have a permanent installation through the wall like I do.
Great, less expensive alternative to the OE replacements
Finally found the right filter for my Samsung fridge! Works like a champ.
This works perfectly in my shower nook! It only has one bulb but that enough light for that area. Simple install, just like any pendant. I love it!
I like the fact that this is a bundle package with exactly what I needed at an affordable price and seems to do the job.
This was a perfect addition to my classroom. It was easy to use and looks great!
Perfect. Does just what it's supposed to.
These are great for displaying small items. Im using them to display some of my nicer makeup items and it looks great!
Bought these after purchasing the cooler version of them previously, much prefer these which give off a warmer Edison bulb style glow.
The paint doesn't chip or peel off. I did an entire bedroom set. I sanded my furniture before applying the chalk paint for that extra durability. I used dark wax over chalk to give it more of a darker look. This is good quality paint for half the priced.
Genuine High Quality Ice pick with Made in Japan Origin markings and stickers.
I used this to repair some stones on our walk and it worked. This adhesive is no joke. It is extremely strong and dries very fast. It's been several months after using and it's still holding. Very good product.
Everything it was supposed to be.
I love this.. I had this made for my dad and will be gifted to him at Christmas. It's sooo beautiful and I'm extremely excited on how it turned out. I'm sure my mom would have loved this as well. 🤗
These lights worked great! We decorated 3 bike frames for our annual Christmas light bike ride through town.
Makes moving large, heavy furniture very easy.
Good price, prompt delivery and works good.
I LIKE THIS PIECE ITS FLEXIBLE
*FINAL UPDATE* You know, you can't be right about everything, and I was wrong about this. I'm not exactly sure what was happening but one day, presto, the low water pressure issue vanished and everything was solved. Also, I should note, that while I was in the process of figuring out what was wrong, the company really bent over backwards to help including sending me another faucet! I would definitely repeat my purchase. *****update***** just measured the water flow. 6 cups a minute, well short of 1.4 gpm Gonna hafta return! Replaced a boring old faucet with this fancy new one in a kitchen remodel. This style is all the rage right now and while I'm personally not convinced this version does look nice and feels solid. My only real complaint with it is that the water pressure is really weak. We also installed a filtered water faucet at the same time and they are attached to the same water lines. The filtered water faucet has about three times the pressue! Seller, if you're listening I'd love to hear from you! I tried to find a way to write you directly but no dice!
my dishwasher's wheel part was broken somehow. I needed to replace whole part. It works as advertise. It fits to my whirlpool dishwasher. Great kit.
Works great. Bright light.
Very sleek and minimalistic. Delivers just enough light. Three light levels allows for the right mood adjustments. I have two and love them.
I am very pleased with my purchase. It does exactly what I wanted it to do. I have a reading lamp behind my chair . It's in a tight place to get to. This allows me to turn and and on without any problems and can also turn it on before entering dark room . Loving it.
Great luggage locks. I'll buy these again if needed
This timer is a very well constructed piece. It is very sturdy and does not feel cheap at all. The cord is very thick and is sealed well at the housing. The screen is easy to read and the buttons are spaced apart nicely. I really have no complaints about the build quality and engineering of this timer. The only thing I can say is that make sure that you read the instructions. There are so many features and functions that it is easy to get confused. However, once you understand it, setting it up is a breeze.
Very easy to setup and works great.
Great product Perfect fit
This review isn't so much about the product ... a filter is a filter and it works fine ... it's the convenience of Amazon and Prime. Yes, I am an actual customer and put off signing up for Prime until this last year ... it has saved me so much money and time. Going into Home Depot to get a furnace filter would take me at least 2 hours by the time I drove to the store, parked, located what I needed in the store and then, of course, I have to look around to see if I 'needed' anything else as long as I was there. More time, gas, time, money etc. My credit card bills have been lower just because I can order 1 item at 2 am and have it in 2 days. I don't over-buy as much and I don't stock up on 'stuff' . I buy want I need because I know I can get whatever quickly again. Keep up the good work Amazon. !!!
I'm a pretty big guy and this has worked for me so far. I'm 6'2 still but need the height for certain things around the house. It's not something I'll use everyday, but it's always good to have on hand. I just used it to put new lightbulbs in the high slant part of my patio room. Seems like the build quality is solid as well. Price was good for what it is.
Compact, lightweight, very bright. Has a clip and a magnet to hold it. Light swivels and can support itself. Would recommend buying it if you need a light weight bright light
worked great and used on a dimmer switch
Came on time and in the right size. Still in good condition
I perpetually end up leaving my hair straightener on and realizing it when I'm at work. I deem this product made for people like me. It is a savior. It is so cool that I can turn it off and on using the switch from the app on my iPhone. The set up was very easy. I have set it up with my echo dot too so now I don't even need my phone. This product is very thoughtfully designed and I'm planning to get couple more so I can connect it to my lamps and other devices.
As described. Mounted by the doors on our rv. Great quality and plenty of light. I would buy again.
So far so good, it looks great and I have been use it for a couple weeks no complaint so far
I use these lights to put in my room to do facials they do have different colors which I really like well worth the money.
The new sensors are still working.
worked good fix the washer
Great quality product. Over priced for what it is.
works like discribed
These are so awesome! It brings back memories. There is so many peices and for a great price. Be careful with small children. But overall good quality and had lots of fun.
Cheap and works great!!!
Me: buys biometric safe on Amazon Also Me: pulls out key and papers from box Me Again: places keys and paperwork in safe so I won't lose it Me: Closes lid on un-programmed safe and turns it into a paperweight
Works well for nightlight
Excellent product, easy to install fast delivery
Used this for small miters and flush cuts. Not sure how I made it this far without this saw.
Bright! I love these because they aren't too bright but they're bright enough so I can see where I'm going at night! Perfect night lights and what a great price for 6 of them!
I received my corner shelf on time, and with it having the adhesive patches made it very easy to install. It looks amazing in my bathroom
Very well built. Over 800 pounds riding on them and doesnt change mobility. Great price.
Really neat Selenite carving. I am really happy with this purchase and the seller. I needed to contact the seller and they responded quickly (within 24 hours) and took care of every concern I had. If I could change one thing, I would have the base light stay a steady color as opposed to blinking/ flashing. In my opinion, the flashing takes away from the beauty of the sculpture. Overall though, really neat idea and this would make a great gift!
Delivered very fast was exactly the right size and was easy to apply
This is a very pretty addition to my overall happiness with my bathroom decor
have had so many people complement on this lamp. it looks really nice in my dining room.
This soap dispenser looks just as pictured. Its heavy and durable fits perfectly on my kitchen sink it took 5 minutes to install and very easy to refill the soap .I like the stainless steel straw. Just one push and it releases the correct amount of soap.
Exceeded expectations! These night light bulbs are the exact same color and brightness as 40w real incandescent candelabra bulbs turned all the way down on a dimmer right next to them. No flickering. Highly impressed!!
These are replacements for some black rubberized ones I purchased for our furniture on hardwood floors. I have not used these as of this posting, but I have used others of similar make and they have worked fine. I am anticipating the results will be the same. Just to make certain, the rubberized ones "DID NOT" come from this company.
This product works great
First of all, the magnetic installation is a brilliant design. It was amazingly easy to install and I was actually really impressed at how perfectly aligned the magnets were. For such a "cheap" product, I had expected them to be at least slightly closer together or farther apart than the switch plate screws. When I started to apply the cover, it practically snapped into place on its own upon getting within a half or quarter of an inch away from the plate. The magnets are the perfect strength for the job--weak enough that it takes no effort to remove when you are ready to remove it, but strong enough that accidentally swiping your hand over the switch out of habit does not cause it to fall off, and strong enough that it takes no effort to apply. My fiancé recently installed a lot of Phillips Hue smart bulbs in the house and it's been fun and convenient to be able to automate our lights and control them with voice commands--the only problem is the light switch must remain on at all times and turning the switch off also resets our saved brightness defaults. We both kept accidentally flipping switches to lights on the home network, and I came across these nifty covers and ordered a couple. They don't look out of place over the existing plates and they were very effective at preventing us from accidentally flipping the switches we wanted left on. I'll definitely be ordering more since we just moved to a new place and my fiancé keeps accidentally flipping the garbage disposal switch that is next to one of the kitchen light switches. These are really handy!
saved money by DIY. I unclogged the drain with this puppy. It's easy and anyone can do it! Plus you can reuse it when the blasted drain gets clogged again a year later!
It has been in a high traffic area for several months, fit my trailer duct fine
Works well, does it's job
Love these disposable filters for my electronic air cleaners. I've used them for years and change every 6 months. I got tired of cleaning the reusable filters that came with the unit. Also so much cheaper to by these filters yourself directly as opposed to having your HVAC company provide.
These shipped super fast and were as described. Great communication from the seller.
I usually don't do reviews for any company that asks me for one within a few days of receiving the product and you want to know about battery life and longevity of the fairy lights. I haven't even turned them on yet. It was a PRIME order so I can't even compliment speedy shipping as that's the point of me paying extra to be a member. SO. Please, if you don't mind waiting a while? I always do reviews but only after I have had items a while and can give a fair and honest assessment. Thanks.
Just what I ordered! Very fast delivery!
Simply can't live without it! It makes life fun!
I painted my front porch ceiling and wanted to replace the cheap contractor-grade fixture with something nicer. I installed this myself with no problem. It's a little larger than I expected but is not out of proportion to my porch. Couldn't find exactly what I wanted locally, glad Amazon had this
Solid structure all the way around...happy with purchase!!!
I was so impressed when my faucet arrived and I took it out of the box! It was very easy to install and the sleek design goes perfectly with any kitchen style. The spray nozzle is very easy to use, I really love it!!
They arrived on time and look great!
I love this fan, its sleek and pretty
Good quality. Nice plug and socket. Durable
bought them as a gift and they did not disappoint !
Love it! Perfect in my breakfast book over the dining table. Assembly took a little longer then usual, but for $52 I can't complain!
Works initially as described. Time will tell if all claims are true. Orange glow is very soothing and refreshing. Would buy again from this seller with prompt delivery and secure packing.
The product is exactly as pictured and definitely a space saver.
This is a high quality toilet seat. It feels heavy and sturdy to the touch
easy to install and great to use makes washing dishes enjoyable, not fun but enjoyable
These lights link together and is plugged into the USB port on your tv. The configuration is pretty self explanatory, and not hard to figure out. I made sure all the lights were working correctly and were the same color before applying. If one strand doesn't light up, then you just have to switch it around. I was pleasantly surprised with these lights. The background colors are beautiful and creates a great ambience. I also use it as a nightlight when we are coming home late.
Very pretty. Love them.
The finish on these is so pretty. I also love the double sided hooks!
Perfect! Bigger than I thought it would be!
Arrived and fits as described.
I bought this originally because i work in the garage and on cold days I want to close the garage door with the heater on. One night i stayed to long with the door closed and it started beeping. Opened up the doors and the numbers started to count down.
Good quality brushes.
I use Google Home (not Alexa), but these still do what I wanted them to do. "OK Google, turn on Rich's lamp" and PRESTO - it's on! Four to a pack makes it easy to use throughout the house. As we get used to using these, I'm confident I will reorder.
Pretty easy to set up, even for someone who isn't great with technology (me!) The colors are really pretty and I like that I can choose how bright I want them. Makes a perfect nightlight in the kiddos room!
Love it! It was a bit larger than I expected, but its bright light is well worth having to find a new spot than planned. I wish that it was waterproof as I have it located on deck stairs that do get some rain.
I bought 2 of these for my garage, after seeing them in a neighbors garage. I love them easy to install, and with day light LEDs, add a lot of light to my garage. I bought 2 more as Christmas gift for my kids.
Solar sensor lights are amazing!
These fit perfectly and work.
The chandelier is absolutely gorgeous. However the installation is a pain. It took the electrician and one of his workers pretty close to 8 hours to install it. The bead strings kept getting tangled and the instructions were terrible. The company sent an email with additional instructions but it was still really confusing. It cost me way more to have it installed than I paid for the chandelier itself but it was worth it. I can't stop looking at it. Love it!
I bought these for work for my bulletin board and they are perfect for holding binder clips!
The lamp only uses 9 watts so it is very efficient LED lamp, it gives off a blue tint. The lamp is controlled by a photocell which controls the on and off so you don't need a switch on this circuit to control this lamp. I have been very happy with this product. They also manufacture A19 size Medium base LED 12 Volt lamps which have been hard to find in the last thirty years or more. Lamp comes with a 2 year Warrant.
Great product. Easy installation. Works just as I expected it to. Very happy with my purchase.
Make sure glass is clean before using.
Charges easily, lightweight.
This projector lamp has made it easier to lull my little ones to sleep. They recently started a phase where they need a light on. But with the overhead light is too strong and keeps them awake. This has just the right amount of light to make them feel safe but not keep them up. The patterns are beautiful too!
Perfect set of locks. It has three lock in this package. Two big ones are good for traveling luggage. I don't have to worry about where should I put my keys. And the small on is suitable for gym closet. The instruction is easy to understand and it only takes several seconds to set up. I like those mainly because they are re-settable. It's so convenient.
This is beautiful. Perfectly sticky and no additional adhesive is needed.
Great smart plug, easy to set up and manage through the app. Very useful when traveling out of town and have control over the lights at home for safety reasons! Will recommend to friends!
I think I said it all in the heading!
Took less than ten minutes each to install three of these locks. They replaced existing deadbolts, so it was a direct one-for-one swap with no cutting, gouging, or drilling required. Code setup is a piece of cake. Very intuitive. Gave my eight-year-old granddaughter the four-digit code and she immediately locked and unlocked them with no problem whatsoever. As a bonus, they really look good.
Beautiful and classy - just enough light to set a serene mood. Good quality product.
The screen was durable and consistent. It was easy to install, and the fabric was very workable. From a short distance, it almost doesn't look like we put it up at all.
Very nice design. You were also pretty easy to use
nice and bright doesn`t get too hot which you can appreciate when your working under a car or under the dash of a car, the hook is magnetically held on at the end and can be removed
On time and as described at a fair price. That's all you need.
Great product for used on laser
This is not the most expensive sink in the market, but it definitely worth the money. I was not expecting this quality build when I bought the stuff. It even came with several small attachments. Love it!
Easy to install with proper tools. Item works very well.
makes the cabinets look like new
Very easy to assemble, beautiful design!
This was the perfect part to fix my stove after the baking element quit working.
We love having plenty of keys as we have multiple people who need access to our locked areas
Inexpensive and looks great. Zero complaints here. Pump works great.
A mouse actually chewed a small tunnel through concrete into my garage. I used this to fill the small channel to the outside to keep out the elements (and hopefully more mice). This stuff expanded fast, and a little more as it dried. It's fairly strong yet a little flexible. It's been in place for quite a while now and has held up nicely. I didn't use much, and was surprised to find that the tube/applicator for the spray can was easily cleared to use again. I'd assumed the product would expand, dry, and block the nozzle. I was able to just pull it right out and use it again later.
As expected. Looks great in my son's room with his matching curtains.
Completely satisfied and 100% happy with the product. I bought a 2 pack and one was dead out of the box, I contacted customer service and it was immediately replaced and one was rush shipped to me. I would buy these again! They are very bright and light up my backyard. The motion sensors grab motion well over 20-30 feet away.
This is a Filtrete product. I was worried because of the price that it would have been a knock off, but was happy when it arrived. Will continue to buy it at the subscribe and save price. Very happy with my purchase.
Received the bulbs on time in perfect condition, very happy with them, unable to locate them at our local big orange box! So very happy Amazon carried this product.
Awesome little things. Used them in an led mask and they work perfectly.
Needed something made for outside weather and thus seemed good . Connect to wifi. look on my phone. Very easy to use
I was very skeptical when looking at these bulbs. However, they are great. I can leave the light switch on all the time and the bulbs automatically turn on when it gets dark and off when it gets light. In addition, the lights do not attract any bugs. These lights are a must if you don't want to attract bugs and if you do not want to remember to turn porch lights on and off.
This is our 3nd purchase of these LED lights. We liked them so well with the first purchase that we decided to use them in other rooms as well. We are hoping that the life of these bulbs are as indicated but - overall we loved the product, reasonable shipping speed and will hopefully save us some money on our electric bill!!!
Everything is perfect! About to order a other one!
We have a relatively long driveway. After breaking the previous Mighty Mule we had ordered this hoping it was unchanged from several years ago. It is. The previous one I had installed too close to the road which gave us too many false positives. lesson learned. This one is further away from the road and we have (so far) not had that problem. One additional nice thing - the receiver is the same, so I was able to put one of them out in the shop which is pretty handy.
Reason I purchased this glass cutter was I needed a few pieces of glass cut, I have never cut glass before this particular tool was recommended to me by a friend. I'll begin by saying they cutting glasses more than our farm and less of , I have never cut glass before this particular tool was recommended to me by a friend. I'll begin by saying the cutting glasses more than our farm and less of that skill a skill At least that's the way I see it I will need lots more practice to get really good at cutting glass but I was able to accomplish what I set out to do so I give this tool five stars
Perfect for my needs. Moved into a basement walkout rental. Really needed lighting to get me to and from the walkway to the street lights. Plus, a solar powered would not have worked due to the shading. I do recommend lubricating the battery and housing connections with car battery cable lubrication...really cheap way to prolong the life and reduce corrosion due to exposure to the elements.
I really enjoy this product! :) its helping me control my lamp time, and my Scentsy with my Alexa.
This is perfect for first time user. It completely got me on board with home automation. Thanks.
A bit expensive but everything was acurate and helped with my project.
This has worked great for me I find the settings to be very helpful depending on what room im in or what Im using it for. It is super adjustable I have turned it every which way and have no problem with and the clip is very strong
I completely recommend these lights! They are so nice and vibrant, they have great customer service too!
Great product fast shipping
I'm only showing you the kit because I'm not sure where to install them. At first I thought the back of my TV but think they need to go somewhere else. Maybe my theater room. That locations are endless
The lights exceeded expectations. Tons of attachment, lots of ways to configure. Would buy again, although these lights last so long i probably won't need to do that.
I was surprised when I see this item at the first time. It's very small and lightweight but has everything I need. 2 USB charging ports for phones, and 3 AC outlets for my notebook, echo dot and light. All the sockets are with a good distance, not block the adjoining sockets. It also doesn't block whole wall sockets.
Gonna try magnet fishing. These are good starter magnets if you're wanting to try.
I bought these to replace about 40 can lights throughout my house. I have since bought more of the exact ones to finish the job upstairs. I like the 2700K a lot to mimic old incandescent with a little yellow. I installed a dimmer in the living room and kitchen each having six of these bulbs and I have no issues with humming/buzzing. I will say that for me and my number of lights in the space, they are a bit too bright, but that is why I made sure to get dimmable as LED tends to be brighter.
Well made door stoppers!
Great little light, replaced my old lamp (twice as big). Usb and ac outlets are a puls. I usually have cables running everywhere but with the lamp right beside, made job alot easier. Love that i dont have to reach under lamp to turn knob on and off. Easy touch access for that from now on.
I bought two of these for my patio. I put in LED bulbs. My patio is so comfortable with these lights.
Normal use, very satisfied, highly recommended.
Works perfect for wall mount faucet. Quality solid brass.
I needed to replace the insulation on the pipe running to my AC unit. So far so good. It's a 3/4" OD pipe and this fits (needs to be stretched out a bit to get it to close all the way around). Of course I did have to cut it in half to place it around pipe. I'm sure it would work better if you could slip it on. If this helped you please mark it as such, thanks.
These are great!!! Love the remote with other functions.
I like this shelf now I don't have to worry if my phone will get wet from a spill from the kids or not now all I have to do is plug my phone up and sit on shelf stress free or anything else you want
Great product at a great price.
Love this mailbox. A little bigger than I need but the quality is fantastic.
Works great on lamp post, nice to have the dusk to dawn
Just for copper is a good alternative way to bond copper pipes together.
Amazing product. Works perfect. Makes our house so much more warm and enjoyable! Very high quality product.
Easy product to install , was shipped with in two days
Well made product and the little magnet was pure genius. There's a little Amazon site video that's okay, too.
The light is easy to install. It shines 360°. Very bright and exactly what I wanted and needed.
Received item quickly, as advertised, good customer service. Small business doing an excellent job. Item itself, for the money, is good quality and will be used on my Cargo Trailer to supply power to it.
I have the bigger rocks. Thought I'd try these. If the place is closed up, you can smell the nice, clean scent it emits. These also make great nightlights. I haven't had to use lights taking a shower. As you know, lights make it hotter. We don't need that. I'd recommend!
The knobs are really nice and good quality. They changed the whole look of our side table.
Very fast and easy to operate. After many times play, still fun. In a one word. it worked great! I bought this item for my son's birthday! all of his friend like it.It is easy to get started. Children do not need to learn to drive. Very fun!
I just needed a few pads for some new furniture we bought, I went to target and Walmart but didn't like what I see,. I decided to check amazon,.. and bought this. They are pretty good. And am happy I got them
Exactly as pictured. Very satisfied.
Awesome solar lights. Comes with everything you need to install. The inside timer works well.
It is much taller than the old style RO faucet it replaced. It is probably an illusion but water seems to come out of it faster too. My plumber installed it in a matter of minutes. Others have mentioned about a the spout having a drop of water at the tip after using, and mine has the same issue so just in case it might lead to rusting/corrosion, after filling a my glass or kettle I try to tap the back of my hand on the spout end to get rid of the drop.
Worked great on our kitchen chairs. Have held up for months now.
This smoke detector was so easy to install. It comes with a mounting plate that makes it really convenient and easy to install! It comes with step by step instructions on how to install. Great smoke detector. Going to put these all around my house.
The product was received on time. Got it for my daughters birthday. She loved it. It was pretty cool that when my little one saw it she wanted one too, lol.
Purchased for my wife who has ALS She loves it!!
Finally a way to cut down on the insects when the garage door is up! Not a 100 percent solution but life is much better now that I have this across my garage-entry door.
Arrived before scheduled. Did as directed on instructions. Works beautifully and is a very soothing ambiance
Perfect fit and good quality
very easy to reset to your own combination , sturdy
Great tester once you get accustomed to the way it works.
This is absolutely a must have to paint! We read all of the reviews on Amazon before purchasing. We painted 75% of our 3500 sqft home with this product. My wife was very skeptical when I told her I found a dripless roller! She was a believer after using it! We chose not to use the roller edger or the corner tool because a good brush does the job. Clean up was easy with warm water. When you pour paint into the roller, set it down on the tray for a short while...if you leave it too long, the paint starts to pool and spill over...doing ceilings, we recommend that you don't fill the roller completely...half full is about right...enjoy!
OMG...I bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter. It is perfect for the desk we just got her. First of all she can't break it. she can twist and turn it. There is no plug so it is portable...it charges with a USB cord which is provided by the way. The light dims and brighten...can be used as a nightlight also. Lastly,,,it has a pencil holder. It is the cutest light ever. I do recommend
I bought this for my kids bathroom and was nervous it would look cheap but was completely shocked by how good it looks! Much better quality than anticipated and only took my husband about 30 minutes to install!
My knew best friend!
Very nice lamp. I like the multipurpose style so you can use it during camping, as an emergency light and of course, next to your bed. The changing colors are a plus to create atmosphere.
recieved it on time and packaged very good. Some reviews stated the gasket needed reshaped. Pleasantly surprised that mine came perfectly square. snapped on easily.
These are well made undermount sink clips that I will be using to install an undermount kitchen sink in a Corian counter top.
This mantel is stylish and perfect in our new (old) home.
I absolutely love these lights they are brighter than my installed lighting on my home and I don't have to use electricity everything is solar powered they are so bright I just love them
Perfect addition to our farmhouse kitchen . Was easy to install & goes great with our butcher block countertops.
True as expected, worked well for my mother's door way
easily installed, looks and works great
Very nice feel to this hardware. The smart key feature is really great allowing using the key from one bolt to match all 4 I had installed. Operation is very smooth unlike the big box store hardware. If you are installing a quality project, recommend Baldwin.
I absolutely love this shelf lamp. I used it to replace a nightstand in order to have more room in the bedroom. I love how it has the usb and power hookups, as well as the tablet holder on the top tier.
I use this for a reading light in my bedroom. It does a great job. The light illuminates about 24 inches or larger in diameter so it's not just a beam on your book. This is helpful for reading in different positions. I've found the various light colors to be helpful depending on what I'm reading. One color is much better for reading a red letter bible than the others.
I love this, and it's even cuter in person. It fits perfectly in my kitchen and I couldn't be happier with my purchase.
This worked well. I lucked out and have white tile so no color mixing/matching was required. It has stayed in place and not shrunk or cracked anywhere it was used.
I brought this for my daughter and she love it her baby said it had so many pics to pick from it was so beautiful every1 came out side to see it OMG!!!!! I LOVE it
It was so pretty out of the box and installed! Just wish we could have enjoyed it, we installed in our old house to move. It worked great though!
So far, so good. It's built well, like a tank. It's just the size we needed. I like the fact that it needs a code and a key. We are installing it today so if I have anything further to say, I will do so. Otherwise, assume that all went well.
I bought these for a pair of saw horses with metal legs. They fit perfectly and appear to be very sturdy.
Perfect lighting for a tight spot
Inexpensive and reliable
I like it. You should buy it if want to save space.;) Love it...👌👌👌
I use this in the bedroom and love it. Fits my needs and easy to reprogram
Nice and bright, seems to be nice quality, plastic body is only negative for me but really nice for the $28 price
I absolutely love this lamp, all it needs is a crystal Finial and it will be complete
It's really cool product works really good!
Product was exactly what I needed. Arrived on time, packaging was secure and intact. Overall a great experience!
Using product to monitor RO system mineral supplementation cartridge. Very accurate compared to water laboratory results. Easy to use out of the box.
This was so easy to install! Literally took me maybe 4 minutes to program and install. My garage door unit had the yellow button..... Not sure if that is why it was so simple but it was the easiest thing ever.
Never really write reviews but I highly recommend them, your water will taste like nothing literally!
Easy to use, easy to set up. Perfect for getting a little extra light when you need it.
Fast shipping and worked as described.
Worked great and very easy to install.
I wish I had known about this product sooner! I dealt with a squeaky floorboard at the foot of my bed for the last four years. This got rid of it entirely in about 20 minutes! We did end up using more screws than the instructions said, but they give you plenty so this was not a problem to me. I used it on two carpeted rooms and couldn't be happier with the outcome!
This light is beautiful and the decoration is good. The atmosphere of the light is very good
Very issue to follow instructions and complete
Works great! Doubles as a night light/ UV lamp!
This is the third Bright Tech lamp we have purchased. They are dependable easy to operate and assemble. We love the dimming feature. My wife has two in our home reading and this one was purchased as a gift to her sister who does needlepoint. I would highly recommend this product.
Wonderful! Very easy to install and look awesome!! Made well and are durable. LED so they are bright. Light up what needs to be. Many colors! Will definitely buy more
Great product and service.
Save the use of paper and much more cleaner. Buy some Teflon tape tho, ensures there's no leaks! Excellent product.
Bought this and installed just over a year ago and still working fine. The light is bright and easy to install. The construction quality is decent. It's light weight, but not too light to the point of those low quality strip light. The look is just like traditional light. Like it.
Love the smell. Going to buy more.
Loving these bulb I don't have to worry again to turn on and off the outside lights
Easy to connect. Of the 15 or so we have, 2-3 took more than one try to connect properly but the process is simple and they work with Alexa devices. We're using directly with an Echo Plus for our hub. Dimmable feature regardless of your home hardware, along with turning on/off individual bulbs in an overhead light are all nice to help get the lighting where you want. Only drawback - because your switches stay in the ON position, if the power flickers, all the lights will kick on with the power. It has woken us up a time or two during late night storms, as half the lights in the house suddenly come on.
Good product. Fast shipping. Recommended!
Fits easily in the space between the fridge and wall. Seems sturdy enough.
Great price and work perfectly.
Super buy! Purchased one of these and loved it so much I decided it was was less expensive to purchase 3 more and put them in each corner of the cafeteria at our school rather than purchase one expensive, large system that would only reach teh center of the room. One was great, but I was going for extreme. We've used them in the entrance and even on announcements. They are light, easy to transport, easy to use and super fun. I think this was a great buy!
Covered the holes from the old-fashioned knob very nicely.
We got the used one. The condition was excellent- it didn't look like it was installed nor used before. Like new! Now we have a beautiful, very functional faucet. Recommend this highly, 100%!!!
Absolutely love these candles! They are realistic with a warm glow. My favorite part is the timer.....they come on and go off automatically everyday!
Worked great to repair a screen terrarium.
Easy to install and works Great!
I love this lamp. The style fits my room beautifully. I will say that the way you turn off and on and adjust the levels of light is a bit of a challenge at first. I have found that for the most part I can control the light by just moving my fingers up or down around the button. The button does not push in or out but has something to do with the product turning off and on. It is important the you be patient as you will get used to the way the light works. I really like that there are e different colors of light. highly recommanded
Nice cheap and fast shipping
Perfect! Many less scratches to come
This faucet is operated very smoothly. I love the sleek look. Happy with the purchase
They are very cute. They worked great up till a couple months ago one paw light went out
Received item quickly and worked as intended.
I'm well aware I have terrible posture while sitting and standing still. We meal prep each week and my back hurts so bad after standing at a counter for a few hours. I put this bad boy on and damn! It definitely helps correct posture, and I was a little sore from using more of my back to support! I'm 5'4” and the length was perfect. Definitely worth the purchase!
The Nu-Calgon Scum tablets work very well. You get 200 penny-sized tablets in a bottle, really an outstanding value for the price. These small tablets are convenient to use, easily fitting most applications. They work well for preventing mold/mildew/scum buildup. The tablets are nearly odor-free and dissolve fully leaving no residual. For safety, you are required to handle with gloved hands. Good product, excellent value - highly recommended.
Had nearly 60 ft of piping from the main heater to the kitchen sink. This sat easily under the sink where an insta-heat unit had been that died. Easy to pipe in as it uses standard fixtures and keeps the heat just right. It is in-line with the main heater.
Easy to install. matched easily with google home mini. I will definently will purchase more in the future when I expand my smart home.
I bought this as a Halloween decoration in my office. Everyone is fascinated with it!
Now I can use my very expensive touch activated desk light again!
Take this LED strip light with you on your vacation. It will light up the dark places.
I loved this doorbell. Worked very well in our home. It is water proof. Easy to clean and install. Highly recommended.