Bought two of these lights and they seemed to work when tested. I mean they turned on and responded to sound as was expected. During an event ( first use) these lights had problems and did not respond to the remote and the buttons in the back. Also could not get the lights to work with the DMX and could not be slaved. Fussed with the light trying everything possible but had no success. Very disappointed as I was very excited for these lights. Luckily we had bought and brought other par lights from other brands that we used with no issues.
I did not like the fact that it doesn't resemble the feel of a real guitar. I thought I was going to be to be able to practice playing on the go, but this was not the case. If you're looking for a practice tool to help you learn where to put your fingers I guess this would work. If you're looking for anything more than that this is not what you're looking for
Not a great buy for my 3 year old. Volume wouldn't stay low no matter what we tried
Randomly super loud static sounds. Thought it was my cable and bought a new one-but no, its the amp. I have to turn it off all the time, then turn it back on to get the attic to go away. Just missed the return window. I'm stuck with it.
Absolute piece of junk. Display is so dim you can't read it, but that's not too important since it doesn't work at all to begin with. I finally got the metronome feature to work, but that's not what I bought this for. Waste of money.
the divits in the stick are so shallow they barely make any sound. Poor product
I used this on an acoustic guitar and the day I got it it was hard to set it up so it would tune. It keep going light and then dark thought the battery was bad so changed it and problem was the same. Never did get to tune my guitar right . I would not recommend this tuner there are better ones available .
NOT a G note. Tuner reads it vacillating between E and B and doesn't even sound good at those notes. One star was generous.
For the second time I received an Amazon envelope unsealed and empty. I would like a replacement sent to me. I can send a photo of the empty envelope if that would help.
This is a toy at best. There is no sound variation, it all sounds the same.
First time I used them at a school dance and one blew out after 1.5 hours of use. Spend the xtra money and buy brand name.
OK UPDATED REVIEW NECK RATTLES I ASSUME FROM CRAPPY CHINA MADE DEAD FRETS UNFORTUNATLY I ALREADY INVESTED A TON OF TIME ON THE FOLLOWING; CLEAR COATS PRO FRET JOB, LEVELED SHAPED AND POLISHED. CHANGED OUT THE NUT DRILLED AND ADDED TUNERS WHICH WON'T FIT WITHOUT RE-DRILLING! SHAPED HEAL EO FIT POCKET WHICH IT WON'T WITHOUT WORK.
Bought two of these for xmas for my kids. The microphones stopped working on both 3 days after they opened. No response from customer support.
Terrible, looks more black when the album is on the slip mat. Look close at the pictures, its a see through kind of color. Gross misrepresentation of the actual color. Nothing like what their showing, buyer beware. Now, i found the real deal on ebay, what you see, is what you get, but the price is twice as much but worth the correct color. The ebay labeled picture is what im buying and am returning these, mine as well just buy the black serato vinyl from amazon, those will be the correct color.
Cord were not strong enough. Students pull them apart within a month
Not what was expected
Returned this product. Lack of clear directions. Complicated to use.
I was excited when I received the item. So I put the stickers without carefully inspecting it first. It was just after an hour that I noticed It has a relatively big crack on the side and on the back. Very disappointing.
Delivery - what a disappointment. Delayed my setup. I purchased a new shockmount and what arrived was clearly pre-owned. Box was not even sealed. No opinion on the return process at this time.
Very thick and cumbersome. Not useful for clarinet players.
Just received the product and the two patch cables are missing. I honestly can't rate the product since I'm not able to use it without the patch cables. Either they send the cables or I'll buy cables and continue to give the bad rating. I'll consider returning the unit and purchase a Vox unit Guitar Center.
the worst ear protectors if you're a dj do not buy them
I received this two days ago. I was very excited to start to learn how to play, but today I heard a strange click a couple of times... I looked closer and small fractures are popping up... I don't know why but I'm very sad. I got the hard plastic so I could take it everywhere and not worry much about it breaking... But I haven't taken it anywhere and it's breaking anyway
Window on top of finger cover made this unuseable.
As one reviewer noted, this is a solidly built unit. Beyond that, however, its functions seem to be very limited, at within Cubase. It mostly just duplicates everything that my number pad already did. The fader won't write automation, which is the main reason you would want a physical fader in Cubase or any other DAW. It may have hidden functions that I haven't yet discovered (I hope), but I have no way of determining what those functions might be because it doesn't come with a manual. I mean seriously, NO MANUAL.
I never received it, have received no response to my inquiry about such....insurance sucks!
Didnt work as promised. only worked as on off. It didn't switch the outside lugs. works as on off only. JUNK!!!!!
This is an imitation that seems poorly built. Not a real Schaller.
I ordered this hoping for a professional sounding guitar but it ended sounding like sounded like a child's toy. I returned it the same day I got it.
Does not fit right......plastic knobs still wobble on the fender 5-way switch; annoying.
Terrible product! The sound is not clear, has a lot of noise when you play the music. Also when you sing, the music's volume automatically lowers, so it impossible to sing a song! Waste of money, returning!
One of the edges is not straight. This defeats the purpose of this tool!
Can somebody tell how tf they paired these to iPhone
Not what I would call a quality product. I wasn't able to return it for some reason either. But the jack into the phone was scratchy and unbearable to use. Wouldn't recommend.
Dangerous! Contains lead and poorly made. Choking hazard, and toxic illegal levels of lead.
Item never was delivered....even though they said it was
Has amazing sound quality but the left side stopped working after a couple of months
Failed after a few weeks of use. Buy another brand
It's just waste of money. I would return it. Just using it for desktop for recording monitor. The sound is too low. And base is soo poor. Don't buy it.
Volume pot did not work out of the box and now I am stuck with a product that does not work. I have checked the wiring it is just a bad pot. If you order this product check it the minute you get it 30 days goes by fast when you are working on a project. Then your stuck.
The brush I got was clearly a return from some other dissatisfied buyer becuase it was clearly open (see pic) when it arrived. Super disappointed because it was supposed to be a gift and it looks super shady to give someone an already used item in destroyed packaging. It's also laughable because the sticker clearly says NEW ITEM. Nope.
Very flimsy and provides minimal protection. The screen protector is too small and isn't covered by the case so things get into the corners and then cause the sticky part to get yucky.
The item had some kind of dried up liquid on the carrying case. I could not allow my daughter to touch it. The stand itself was scratched in several places. I think the unknown dried up white spot is a deal breaker for me
I received these speakers and the display don't turn on and u can't use it for Bluetooth
Went to use it for the first time and the microphones are complete crap. They don't even turn on. Just flicker. Tried three sets of batteries. Thinking it was the ones that were sent with it. But it does not work .
I ordered these Samson Stage 200 Handheld wireless mics because they were reasonably priced, had good reviews and I have ordered another Samson Microphone before and was very happy with it. However, when these microphones arrived, there was a sticker across the entry point of the box saying that if I opened the package that they would not be returnable. Now, how exactly am I to determine whether these microphones work or if they suit my needs without opening the package? I went back and checked the listing page on Amazon for this product and found nothing that said that I couldn't open the box! A couple days after I contacted the company, they responded to say that I needed to contact Amazon for a return authorization and return them. Now, these microphones may, in fact, be fine but I'll never know because now I have to send them back, order something else and hope that they arrive before the event that I need them for. VERY disappointing and should explain why I gave them only one star. I don't know how I could have prevented this from happening, but I'm suggesting that other buyers beware of this company and their lack information concerning it's product policy and poor customer service.
I set up the product as directed and was able to record in GarageBand for about 5 minutes. I've been getting back into playing guitar and I was pretty excited to be able to use this device for practicing. When I went to use it again I could no longer get any input from my guitar to my phone. I could hear the tracks I had recorded earlier but the app was no longer receiving any input from the guitar. Then the audio from the tracks I had recorded began cutting in and out and it stopped working altogether. The jack for the headphones completely came apart and is rattling around in the device so you can no longer plug in headphones. I'm very disappointed in the terrible quality of this product.
This item was never delivered, even though they said it was.
Stickers were bent so bad I couldn't use them all . Only a few would peel and stay flat.
Literally cracked in half first time I used it to cut strings, don't waste your money cause its cheap
It looks nice, but it's a shame that the majority of the hairs are loose, so it produces a sad, weak, little sound, even after using rosin. I thought maybe I could pull the strings by the knot shown in the picture and tighten them up, but both sides of the hair are glued into the wood with no slack on either end to work with. Don't buy this.
High static. Only works with half the speakers in every car we tried it in. Poor quality! Very disappointed!
Purchased Nov 19 2017 and today Feb 26 2018 the head became detached from the guitar hole.
Arrived with scratched paint and some substance in some of the saddles, it was gray and looked like lock tite.
First purchase lasted 6 months. Second purchase did not play 2 notes on delivery. Wasted my money twice.
Wouldn't work for me at all
Stopped working after 2 month of use!
The description clearly states that this machine is the Froggy's Fog brand. However, what I received was not Froggy's Fog. If I wasn't specifically looking for that brand - as I have a timer for it - I probably wouldn't care.
Avoid these junk microphones. I bought 2. They both broke before I could even test them. When I unplugged them from a socket, the cable ripped out of the jack...on both of them.
Flimsy. I ordered 2 sets of these and 2 of the 4 stripped while mounting with very little pressure applied. I threw them away before I even got one use out of them.
Popping constantly right out of the package. Awful product
Superrr badd. One of the belts allready broke whit a very light weight key
Very low quality. Poor product! The bluetooth mode doesn't work perfectly. It always disconnected. It runs for a short period of time then it will disconnected again. So disappointing product! Never buy this one!
Using this Audio Interface on Windows is awful. Out of nowhere audio will begin cutting out, and causing everything to have a robotic sounding voice. I wish I bought something else instead of wasting $100 on a headache.
It was a great product until I went to use it for about the fourth or fifth time - the earpiece has now separated from the stem housing, making it useless for me to use as I can no longer safely insert nor remove it from my ear.
I bought this mixer wanting a better audio quality from my microphone granted it has a 48v phantom power supply. 1 week later it arrived in the mail, I get the AMAZON box open it take out the product box and it was half open. I say whatever plug it in I get nothing I try another outlet again nothing I try a different power supply I had laying around and again nothing. my conclusion from this is don't buy and save your money
Terrible product. Used it occasionally. The heater element stopped working after only 4 months.
Many of the picks are covered in some dark brown, smelly substance that stained my fingers. Also, I already found a defective pick. EDIT: I tried to return these picks and was denied. Because of that, I recommed that you avoid them.
Too hard to play had to throw it out
I purchased this stand to put my Behringer speaker on for an event. The stand arrived broken at the top (see picture). Also one of the rubber feet was missing so when it's placed on the ground the stand digs into the dirt. I rarely leave reviews but this one irritated me because when I contacted the seller I received no response. I'm not expecting to get something special but I at least expect to get what I paid for. I purchased something similar about a year ago from Hola! Music for about $10 more. The Pyle one is much lighter weight and cheaply made (probably why it broke before I even received it). My advice would be to spend the extra $10 and get the one from Hola.
This device is not user friendly. It took me a long to set up the whole thing it was frustrating. Aside from already used product that they sent to me (opened batteries, dog eared pages of the song book) there's delays on the songs from the lyrics. I am returning this product. It's not worth it!
Stopped working for me at about a year. I get a constant clicking sound a whenever I use it.
Love this pedal for the price. Accurate tuning, mutes my guitar when in use. Only problem is that there's a very audible 'pop' noise when the pedal is engaged. I'd send it back for a second one but then I'm paying for return shipping.
overheat. ourchase 2 both overheat and smoke coming thru it
Was really excited to use the tuner however it was broken upon arrival. I am not sure if it is broken or it came with a dead battery but it won't turn on and I have not even been able to try it out.
Beautiful bowl that unfortunately does not sing for long at all. Purchased another bowl that rings/sings 3x as long as this one. I recommend buying another option if you enjoy the long lasting tone of a singing bowl.
When unpacked both were badly scratched. They are well built. Shame the packaging ws so bad
Kind of a long review so TL;DR: Dont buy it. It's terrible. There are better options out there at this price point The package arrived damage but probably cant fault the manufacturer for that. Out of the box the build quality is what you would expect for a 70 dollar mixer. It's made completely of plastic. All of the buttons have a plastic click that sounds like they are getting ready to snap . The knobs and faders are completely loose and have too much wobble when you move them and are unsatisfying to use. The actual audio quality of the was horrible. The self noise of the mixer is as loud as the mic. I really tried everything I could to make it sound decent but It didn't work. When I plugged my headset into the monitor there was a loud and obnoxious clicking sound and hiss. I tried it on a clean circuit and it still didn't go away. The audio quality of the monitor itself sounded like a tin can on a string. There are better options for mixers at this price point so I would steer clear of this one.
After reading the reviews, I was hopeful this would be a good solution for my son. However, after only three trumpet lessons, his teacher noticed a problem with the third valve. I now have to bring to a music store to have repaired. Very disappointing.
I do not recommend as it cheaply made & will not last. I bought 2 and both broke within 4 months of playing. The first one started failing to sustain despite the pedal being pushed, the 2nd one actually had the pedal nearly break off.
the description says 35.5 inch long but it's only 33 inch. it's 2.5 inch short. I have to return it.
Did not even WORK. It was defective from the start and very poor quality. Had to return.
Very poor quality mute button. Often glitches out with many gaming programs such as Fortnite. The wire has started to break at the jack after a month of light use, only transporting and unplugging a handful of times. Don't buy this for gaming or other purposes. For gaming, it would be better to just buy a headset with a mic. If you do buy make sure to get the warranty Amazon may sell with it. Like many cheap peripherals, its biggest weakness is in the cord.
Wasn't working well when blowing into it and so I sent it back immediately. Bought a new one form Guitar Center hat works perfectly and was only $13.
It looks good. Will not stay in tune after 3months of ownership and everyday use. Very frustrating for the beginner. You get what you pay for, cheap and poor quality.
I did not receive this item. It was not in my mailbox. First time Amazon did not deliver a product. Not a happy customer!
One kept coming off, now lost. I bought two sets. One haas already been replaced and second one already broke. The sound great, but are very cheaply made.
You'll be lucky if you get them. They deliberately sent me XLR cables instead because they monetarily ran out of stock instead of delaying my order. Couldn't return them in time so now I'm stuck with $40+ worth of the wrong cables. This is NOT the first time either. I order TS they send me TRS. I order TRS I invariably get some TS cables. It's infuriating.
Ordered one for boyfriend, it said grandpa on it instead. Still have yet to get replacement sent to me.
Only cut sound....have no reverb at all. Had it linked to my noise hate with my source going through the noise hate first and then this reverb. Only cut the sound....no reverb.
Ordered this as a gift for my 4.5 year old daughter. It came out of the box with 3 of the strings unraveled from the tuners making the guitar (half of the strings) unable to play. It was a disaster as my daughter was not happy. I am returning this product and now searching for a suitable replacement from a different brand.
We don't use this too often and it was fine at first but pretty quickly the cord failed and you had to bend it around to make it work. Now it's completely failed and total garbage. I wouldn't buy this again and I wouldn't recommend it to others
Not an accurate tuner.
After reaching out to the company, they replied within 12 hours asking for photos. Those were sent the next morning. No additional response or replacement. Disappointed in the whole transaction. The item itself is a very very lightweight plastic, but it is taped together and will work for the short term.
There is no on/off switch??? No indication at all in the description! When we got feedback we had to unplug from the amp. Don't understand why anyone would make without an on/off switch??
This item is a complete waste of money. I cannot feel the strings through them and positioning fingers becomes more difficult. A silly item, in my opinion!
Whereas I'm sure they would have worked beautifully, they didn't fit my cart. Amazon was great in issuing a refund.
The base is too small and wobbly. It fell over and made my daughter cry.
I realize you get what you pay for, but as someone who is just a music hobbyist, when my 10 year old M-Audio Fast Track Pro died the other day, I figured I didn't need to spend a ton of money replacing. Just anything that could connect my mic and piano to my computer should be fine. Well, I don't know how anyone anywhere has ever used this product. I'm so disappointed I bought it instead of something else because now I have to wait for the new product to arrive and have to return this one. I use a MacBook Pro and it immediately was recognized when I plugged it in. That's where any positives end. The hissing sound from the mic port, even when no mic is plugged in, is unbearable with any gain. Without gain, you can't hear or use the mic. The piano was even worse. No hissing sound, but any chord or combination of keys resulted in a terrible distortion, even with the gain at its lowest. Worst of all, even with the volume all the way up, the instruments were too quiet. I miss my Fast Track Pro desperately. Buying something else and hopefully it will work. You may as well use your computer mic before buying this piece of garbage. Furious I wasted time even opening the box.
I've used a few of these in the past and they have worked well,however I ordered one recently and there were no "male" ends on any of the connectors, only female ends so there was no way to connect LED light to the power supply. Amazon sent a replacement but it had the same problem. Must have been a bad batch sent out. Hopefully they can get this straightened out, I would still like to order one.
1. This doesn't fit in the Melodica. 2. There are no instructions provided, and the printing in the package is entirely in Chinese. 3. Pretty sure the one I received was used. So...don't bother.
TOO SMALL ..I RETURNED THE ITEM AND RECEICED A FULL CREDIT IMMEDIATELY
I've been using Guitars for a while and while this model looked good initially, it deteriorated very quickly there after. Only after 1 month of light-use (2-3 hours a week), it started degrading. The grip of the strings started to loosen up and no matter how many times you tighten it up it always loosens immediately on playing and causing a weird tone while strumming. That is not how a good guitar should function!
I received mine. Doesn't work at all. Took it right out of the box and plugged it in, only to find that it doesn't work.
Got the ukulele, good fast shipping. Overall dissatisfied with quality. Scratches/marking on the sides. Horrible buzzing coming from strings. Had to adjust screws and also nuts/washers on top of headstock/tuners of the ukulele because they were all lose and rattling every time you strummed. Overall, got the rattle on headstock to stop after much adjustment, but strings still buzz, particularly the E string along the bridge/saddle. No fix known besides if the body itself if warped, or a bad bridge/saddle. I've purchased many ukuleles that are even cheaper with better quality.
Not sure.... Never received it.
Will not work with newer TVs, wrong connection.
Not happy at all...I received my package the box itself was in perfect shape the speakers were damage and loose parts inside...
stay away their junk Easy install super bright only lasted about 6 weeks company said they would send me new LED tape light at no charge never received it.
Item fails after short term use
I didn't even receive the correct color selection that I chose. When the product arrived, the box was open and the capo was in wrapping in the actual Amazon bag. The color doesn't match my guitar and the box made it seem like this was one that was previously returned.
Sounds like there is a bad speaker. Bought a Fender mini twin instead. Much better.
Its JUNK! Didn't work at all!
Spend an extra ten or twenty dollars and get something that will last.
This does not work without dedicated power and it disconnects constantly. Literally useless. WIndows 10 64-bit. Huge waste of money. I'm a huge fan of Behringer live sound equipment, but this does not come close to meeting the bar.
I don't care for the curved pick.
This is a small set of baby rattles. Nothing musical about them. One barely makes a rattle sound and one has a bell in it. If they happened to get broken open, could be a choking hazard. Very disappointing. I dropped it in a Toys for Tots donation box.
Never received it . Never got a refund
Ordered from Ace Music and they used hot glue to attempt to stick the rosen onto the case of the bow... as if that wasn't enough, they thought it'd be a great idea to add tape around the box for the rosen to stick it to the case for the bow.. by the time we patiently got the rosen off, the bow case was damaged easily. The bow itself had scratches on it and some parts looked like they had come off before and someone tried to fix it before someone would notice. Would not recommend this seller...
does not do the work
Very disappointed with this purchase, not by the isolated shield itself, but by the tools, they don't mesh strongly as they should, I also used Blade Oil and it didn't work neither. When I finally find a way to put it in the microphone holder, the result is too unbalanced and floppy. These types of musical utensils must be very precise and perfect.
Bluetooth connectivity is really bad
Very poor shipping practices
The cable broke on the first use after about 5 min. And I missed the return window by 3 days :( When clicking on the product now, it takes me to a cheaper version - while mine actually cost $23. A lot of money for 5 min of fun.
Satisfied at first, but after one month it stopped working. Mic and cord are separate pieces so I'm not sure of the cause yet. This may be a cheaply made cord
I'm very disappointed in this product. The amp doesn't work and the "big" Christmas present was just a dud. I'm hoping the seller will send me a new amp.
I'm returning this unit because never work, no connection between the MICs and the Receiver.
This should be called a kids toy, it is very small.
The screw that adjusts the height was defective, making this stand totally useless! Cannot put stand up.
At first I loved this microphone. The sound was crisp, clear, and it picked up great. But, I had stopped using it, and it sat in a controlled space for a few weeks.. I go to use it again, and nothing. It picked up faint vibrations, but did not pick up my voice at all until squeezed at the point where my voice alone is to go. There is a short of some sort in this design. Badly done!! Seems like a knock-off as well. Unfortunately, at this time, I had already passed my return window, or else I would have returned it. So, I tested my interface and cables with another mike, all worked well. This microphone is cheaply made, and is not worth the money. Sad, because so many people are saying its good. This microphone is NOT A WELL MADE MICROPHONE. It should last through non-use. Never abused, gently handled. There is no excuse for failure such as this. I am used to handling electronics, since that is one of my fields, and for something to fail all of the sudden is a manufacturing error/fault. Very disappointed.
I bought two packs of these for my resonator ukulele. The A string broke from both packs. They made a popping sound and dropped in pitch several times before breaking. The picture shows it after several occurrences before it broke in half.
Decent build but reliability is bad. Stopped working after 3 months. No response from the company. I do not recommend.
This is a slide whistle but not made by Grover. False advertising.
I'm an engineer and a guitar player for over 20 years. These cables tested ok but none of them worked in pedals. It seems the moulding lets them enter the pedal too far. I'll be returning them.
They don't fit in my ear, even with the smallest bud. I tried using the hook, but that also doesn't fit well in my hear. Maybe it's the product, maybe I just have weird ears, but either way I don't like them.
I'm not really sure how these lights have received rave reviews, because they are terrible. One light only put out red light after just TWO days. The other, only emits blue and red after just a week. Both lights have stopped responding to music as well. Very disappointing. Seems I will have a dull Christmas party this year... thanks so much Amazon.
I received the minis which I did not order. I want the standard size pics can you please replace them?
Not a criticism of the product. Amazon is charging me shipping to send back this product that didn't fit my application. With all the money I have spent I am offended they would do this. I am considering severing my ties with them.
This keyboard did not arrive with an owner's manual, which is rather important since I am a beginner. That basically made most of the functions useless. There is no song list that exists anywhere to indicate what the demonstration songs are named.
Useless. Do not buy this. None of the sides are flat and its thin cheap aluminum.
I ordered the acoustic strings but they sent me a different one.
Don't buy this. One of the keys malfunctioned after 8 months. If you press it, it makes the sound twice. We didn't even use it that much. What a waste of money. It's pretty much useless now. I'm not even sure who can fix this.
THIS IS THE MOST UNRELIABLE PRODUCT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED. WORKED ONCE AND NEVER AGAIN ......... BUYERS BEWARE .....
I never received the item.
POOR QUALITY NOT AS ADVERTISED
Junk. I got suckered in. Don't do the same... Asked an electrician friend about these and he laughed at me...
Mono! It would be nice if it was in the product description.
Listing stated 4-5 hours to charge. Broken English instructions stated 8 hours. Attempted to charge for almost 24 hours and it would not even turn on.
The product description and photo included 15 plastic strips and a keychain holder. I only received the punch with no additional items. Now my daughter will receive a useless item for her birthday while I wait for plastic to arrive. And I cannot find a way to contact the seller to rectify the situation.
Ordered them with prime delivery. Tacking said they got to USPS.... but then no updates for over 2 weeks. Was able to get a refund... But......yea.... I wanted my lights!
This is how this showed up on my doorstep. This is part of a Christmas present for my son. HOW am I supposed to wrap this trashed box? I haven't even opened it yet to see if it's as messed up as the box is. Horrible service.
It's junk the double braces are week and the seat is made of foam with plastic hardware. It broke the first day I used it. Spend money on something better. I have to.
Ridiculous! They don't even play.
Bought 2 of these. One didn't come with the remote but Amazon handled that quickly and sent out a replacement and I would return the one without the remote. However my son tried to turn one on the next day and it wouldn't turn on. Changed outlets, didn't work. Thought maybe the remote died already but it turned the other light on. So it lasted about 2 hours. I am returning all 3 now. Not worth the money, even at less than $10 a piece.
I received it in a timely manner but was sad to find out it would not fit our guitar. Total waste of money. Had purchased and put up for my husbands Christmas gift and unable to return for refund or exchange due to time limits for returns
very very poor sound quality; so disappointed. this was bought as a gift. So embarrassed I gave it to someone.
It came in the tiniest jar when it was supposed to be the size of my hand it was the size of my finger
Yeah if you're a guitar player stay away from these. Sorry but they're garbage.
The bluetooth connects well, BUT the sound quality is horrible. The music playing from my phone via bluetooth sounds like it's under water or choppy like a fan is in front of it.
No body can hear me.
It wasn't working when I received it. I saw one tube is cracked and will not glow. I lost confident in the product and want to return it. I was told it isn't returnable. I asked to send it back and get a replacement and was told that it isn't possible. They give me a partial refund to buy a new tube. I hope there is no other issue. This is pretty bad in my opinion.
When I first started to use the amplifier, I immediately hear a very loud buzzing coming from the fan on the rear of the unit. It seems like the bearing on the fan has gone bad, or the fan is coming in contact with another part. No available support
Says a 12 pack but I only received 6.
Never even received them so I can't tell if they are worth your time or not... they weren't anything but a WASTE of my time since they never showed and we needed them for our daughter's haunted maze that she put on for the neighborhood kids on Halloween... 👎👎👎👎👎
This barely works. It makes a few noises here and there. Nothing musical sounding about it
Left channel would not work properly.
And the cord isn't replaceable. Thanks.
Did not even come with half of what it says
Embarrassing. I am a wedding planner and bought this along with a bubble machine for a bubble send off. It literally would not blow ONE bubble with this solution. Not one. We ended up mixing dish soap with it to make it work even a little.
The letters are too small for me.
This light did not work when we rec'd it so we had to order a new light so my 11yr old didn't even get to use it until the new bulb came in. It also seems to have a short. and the cord gets really hot after 10 to 15 mins of use. I am to scared to let her even use it now because I fear it will start a fire.
Not delivered the product. Fedex is Investigating and tracking
These headphones are a false advertisement, no bass no quality and no high resolution. It's just subpar and one small step better than dollar store headphones. Save your money, buy something else, these are just garbage. I ended up giving these away for free.
I didn't receive the item i wanted
I've never written a product review before but want to warn people against these. Very stiff cheap cable, as other reviewers have mentioned - feels like it's 10-year old plastic. After less than a month the clear casing started turning green and cracking, with the wire splitting out in numerous locations. This may be a knockoff or perhaps shure quality has seriously declined but I've had many cables of various quality levels and never had one break down this quickly.
They worked for about 3 months and they stopped working, we did get an exchange however the new ones have horrible feed back.
I contacted the seller, no response. horrible horrible horrible. I have to find an adapter now. Thanks for nothing.
Bad service. After 3 months, the SD card reader doesn't work and they don't warranty for that.
Loved the color and the flowers went well for what i wanted. But they never stayed on the wall and riped to easy
Not safe! Fell apart just a month after getting it!!
Yeah it fits it length-wise alright, but it's a tad too wide for the blue yeti, which means I can't angle my mic upside down (or even side-ways, with a downward angle) without the cover sliding right off. 😩
This headset was good until it stopped charging. The battery died and it would not charge anymore. Charged it overnight, it then only got a 2 hour battery life. It then died in 30 minutes. Will not purchase again and will send back to shure to see if they will replace.
The package was stolen by ONTRAC but Amazon wants me to write a review, so this is all I can write in honesty.
Wanted to like it. Had it less than a month and the bridge separated from the body. It was only played 2-3 times within that timeframe and it actually separated when it was not being used. I may have received a lemon for this model, but I'm likely to avoid the Kala brand going forward. Hope everyone has better luck if you choose to move forward with this product.
Complete garbage. It's so flimsy that I don't trust it to hold my guitars. And the seller will give you the 3rd degree when you attempt to return it because of the poor quality.
Both products were damaged. The first watch was working. In attempt to fix that problem a second watch was sent. The time changing knob on the second watch was broken and there was a missing rhinestones on the second watch.
Worked okay for a while. Put it away for a couple months. Just plugged it in last night when I needed it. Serious dysfunction. No sound, then screech. Record something and it takes first impulse and repeats it over and over, so forget recording a progression. Flat out Chinese garbage!
Confusing and doesn't work
I sent retuned this because it didn't work and have yet to receive my refund. It's been over a month!
Sneaky, deceptively named “professional” bundle. It does NOT include a Yeti pro.
Dont buy this it doesn't fit ..way too small and is tot like material.something you could but in a dollar store
We use our fog machine twice a year. Once on Halloween and once at a Halloween party. I am familiar with fog machines and do clean them out before putting them back in storage in their "Halloween bins". This one failed after two years (4 uses total). I will not buy again and do not recommend. Junk.
both times I ordered theses picks I was sent the wrong size. They are not eligible for a return so save your money and buy somewhere else. The first time I ordered and got the wrong size so I just ordered the size I wanted again no big deal right? Wrong they sent the wrong size again. It wouldn't be that big of a deal but the ones they are sending are way too thing so I can't even use them
I was happy that the package has two but now I have two bells that don't really work. The ball bearing inside the bell is too big and has no space to move around so when I shake the bell it produces a very low sound. Does not work in a noisy classroom.
I'm not too crazy about this light. It's way too bright want. I'm using it for
No good did not work
These are the worst picks I have ever bought. They are so floppy. Only slightly stiffer than craft felt. They are unuseable :/
Never worked from day 1
Since the first day the ukulele wasn't able to hold it's tune for longer than 30 seconds, and I thought it was because it was new so I put it away for some time to let it settle and today I went to try again and I noticed it was separated, and now I can't play it anymore, just wasted my money.
First off my guitar didn't come with several things. One of the strings was missing the tuner, the microfiber cloth and some other things and the tuner on the head of the guitar didn't work. Overall really bad experience
I bought this keyboard for my son, but it broke easily. It was cheaply manufactured and it showed.
I never got this i have ordered it twice now i wrote person and all they got money for it but i never got the cords very un happy
I was unable to use this. It dropped signal just stepping outside my office. It would drop while right next to the receiver. It flops around and feels like it would break due to the plastic housing. I waited too late to return it so I'm out $100. Do not buy this.
I stand when I play. The FIRST time my weight shifted to the footrest side, both pivot arms broke. There's not much metal around the pivot holes and they split.
I bought this to start a podcast with a friend of mine. Hooked everything up, started speaking, but it didn't pick up a single thing, thankfully amazons returns are awesome, and I got another one 2 days later, plugged that one in and all I heard was a loud screeching with my very faint voice in the background, gotta say I'm not gonna try a 3rd one to see if it improves again. Don't buy. Waste of time.
Product is sturdily built but it was DOA on arrival. Volume control and expression control did not work whatsoever.
The package I received has a manufacturing error. They packaged a USB Type A, male-to-female cable instead of what is advertised. Can't return the item either. Nice.
I just handed the mouthpiece to my son immediately without inspecting the mouthpiece first hand. Then he opened the mouthpiece at school and was ready to practice with it, but when he opened it he was devastated to find the broken mouthpiece in the case. After, without notice, he threw it away. On this case, I didn't expect to receive a replacement because I have no evidence. Thank you.
Did not work for me. I have small hands and it was uncomfortable.
The product was too short. It did not fit
They suck didnt wanna connect right then when I finally got it one of the ears just went out on me and would not come back on
I ordered a red violin case on Dec. 3 for my daughter's Christmas present. On Dec. 16 Saturday when I picked it up, unfortunately, I was so disappointed when I opened the box. The case showed a lot of scratches here and there. Before I ordered this case, I watched the customer review on Youtube. The new case is fully wrapped and sealed according to the review, but mine wasn't at all and it looked dirty and a lot of scratches. The worst is that the built-in hygrometer showed foggy and couldn't see inside the numbers. For sure, the case I received has been used and I guessed it was returned by someone. I feel sooooooooo disappointed and hopeless and feel being cheated. My daughter has been waiting for this case for a while which she really loved this case. She has to use this one for a Christmas performance. I am a Canadian citizen and I paid Canadian fund. If I returned this, I will loose money for return since the exchange rate is different for buy and sell. Also, my daughter has no case to use for the performance and disappointed, This is my first time to have the bad experience to order stuff from Amazon. Disappointed!!!!!!
Bought this to use for my wedding gig but I couldn't. It didn't work. I plugged it in different outlets, pressed the red button for auto mode/sound and even adjusted the sensitivity. With or without music on, no lights were flashing.....disappointed.
there are miss one part of the items so it couldn't be connected to each other
It arrived in a beat up box with holes in it. One nut and bolt was missing ( had to a trip to the hardware store ) . The stand is pretty sturdy , I don't like the plastic top everything slides off it . I wanted to use it to hold a mixer , maybe .
Many of the flower petals were falling off as I opened the package. Not that life like. I don't think they'll hold up outside in the wind. If you have an indoor planter where people can't get close, ok.
One of the lavalier wireless microphones did not work, and the other that was working dropped out constantly. And as a result the product was returned to Amazon.
I'll give two stars because they aren't toys. It's nice to find the key but they sound bad. A lot of bad holes and feels flimsy. I'm comparing to Marine Bands so for a beginner or just a hobby player these would probably be great. But not really for a show or recording.
I got this amp a few months ago and loved it for about a month. The audio keeps going in and out. I am moving now and have decided to just trash it. Terrible amp. Get a better quality amp for more money.
Good thing it's a 3 pack one string broke as I was putting it on and another broke after a few minutes of playing.
The stand is nice but the charging is so slow.
The chair came with a construction issue, so you can see inthe picture the room for the 2 back legs is not the same therefore one leg has to much room and can not be fixed and the other one does not fit at all.
Purchased this for my son as he is rough on violins. Took it to get it tuned and the bridge put on just to find out the bridge didn't have spaces for the strings to go and that the violin is a toy not a true violin. I was told that by the time I spent the money to make the violin playable I would have spent more than the $250 the store was charging for one of theirs.
One works well the other keeps cutting off
After some time (1 year plus) it dies after about 20 mins
Light works but it doesn't rotate at all so I gave it 2 stars
This think looks and feels nice out of the box. But the clamp needs to be more heavy duty. The bottom part where the tightening crank is bends way too easily as you tighten it.
I have requested a return credit from Square Trade several times for a product that I returned. Still no reponse!!!
It's a basic stand, a bit shaky especially if you put some sheet music book on it. I could probably live with it, but angle adjusting knob broke after six month (folded/unfolded it once a week), had to buy another brand.
It is L O U D. I've got this thing sharing power with some other pedals to save plug space (which is kinda the point) and whenever the LED light is on I get a huge buzz in the other pedals. Considering the $60 price tag that's a big disappointment.
I didn't get my package yet but according your side package has been delivered.
Running in line from a PC results in a LOT of buzz on the output. Trying to get around this, but so far this is really irritating.
Product feels very unfinished compared to other blocks. It lacks its own charging port and had a terrible time keeping it connected to my MacBook. It is pretty much useless with Logic Pro X unless you spend way too much time setting it up. Can't understand why the Blocks Dashboard application doesn't have presets for popular DAWs you can load on demand.
Its too small for the Rode Mic Pro. Nearly broke it trying to fit it on.
They look just like photo. The sound quality isn't that great and they fall out of my ears. They fell out of my ears and hit the floor and broke open. I was able to put it back together, but this just shows the overall quality isn't that great. I charge them all day long and they die after 2 hours of play. It's just inconvenient and I'm disappointed.
Pretty case, but didn't last long. Clips that held it together broke quickly. Wasn't terribly upset, because you get what you pay for
If installing on an acoustic guitar where you must follow the curve of the body, you'll be forced to install the box upside down, which may be a bit frustrating for the player. But even worse than that - the pickup is 1/8th inch thick. This means you either must route the saddle groove that much deeper, or sand 1/8th evenly off the saddle bottom or "enjoy" your action (string height) 1/8th inch higher!
I ignored the other reviews for this product in favor of its lower price. That was a mistake. In order to hear anything from the speakers, we have to have the volume high enough to make the speakers hum. Returning to purchase a higher quality item.
Cuts out when using. Can't stay on for an entire 30 minutes. Sounds good for maybe 15 minutes before it goes out and you have to mess with it to get it going again.
Save your money and buy a more expensive unit. Does not work from 20 feet away.
It is advertised as a tuner that includes banjo tuning however there is no provision for a banjo. I gave it to my granddaughter for her a violin. I am not knocking the product, only the advertising.
Lower e broke the first day.... Come on now
These used to come in a nice case. No longer. First tome use and the stem broke off the ear piece.
never as good as Nespresso. Cheaper yes. Drips very slow, creama is little almost. Bestpresso bad company to deal with, no phone number to call customer service, sent wrong item, no reaction!!!
It was compatible with my lights but i dropped the controller and never worked again.
Update: One of the two is now turning to dust. It has been sitting in the violin case and only taken out to use it on the bow. The second piece seems to be holding together, This is Rosin is nice and wide for very easy use with the bow. It comes with a very nice lid.
These headphones sound absolutely amazing. Better than anything I've ever heard. Supposedly, they are the best closed back headphones you can get at this price range. And I am inclined to believe that. They come with a leather (possibly real) carrying bag, a comically long straight cord, and an annoyingly sized spiral cord. The spiral cord went down to my knees with my music player in my pocket, making it not ideal for commuting. I purchased a much shorter cord for my commute for around $10. Very impressed overall. However, these broke on me after 3 and a half months of use. I took them off and SNAP, a piece of the hinge on my left side snapped, leaving wires exposed and the headphones unwearable (they still work). Throughout my ownership of these cans, whenever I moved the ear cups, there was a cracking sound, like the plastic was screaming for help. I thought that this was just an odd feature, but I now believe it to be a design or manufacturing flaw. I am unsure if Audio Technica and/or Amazon would cover this under a warranty or not. I do not have the budget to pay them to fix it, buy new headphones, or waste money shipping the headphones back and forth to possibly get a free repair done. So, I will probably have to do a crappy epoxy or tape job to fix these, as I absolutely cannot stand to listen to dollar store ear buds anymore. I bought these headphones not only because of the sound, but because I was led to believe that these were extremely durable headphones that would last me years to come. That is perfect, because I used these on my daily commute, brought them camping, took them halfway across the US with me, and I used them for practicing my instruments. But alas, they did not last, so I cannot recommend these headphones with their current build quality, unless you are to only use them at your desk. And at that point, you might as well buy more expensive, better sounding headphones (not that these sound bad, because they don't). I am impressed, but at the same time thoroughly disappointed in this product. I cannot recommend these to your average consumer. Consume at your own risk.
This thing crapped out on me after just a couple uses. Now I use an app in my phone.
not happy with how quite these speakers are.... max out volume on my computer and the sound is dull... o well.
Love the pedal fast shipping! Patch cable not included.
After just a few hours of use over several days, I noticed the transmitter channel display blinking saying the battery is low and then abruptly shuts down. I'll be sending these back and maybe going for the Xvive.
The included mic clip was too small for both my wired Rock Band microphone and a wireless UHF microphone.
Did a good job tuning up both electric and acoustic guitars until it hit the waste bucket tonight. I was tired of the tuner seeming to eat batteries with what seemed like little use, but I tolerated it since it did a decent job nailing tune. What tipped me over the edge to toss it in the waste can was over time it had built up a sticky/gummy residue on its surface. I tried some fairly strong solvents to remove it, but whatever it was wasn't coming off. The sticky crap was migrating to my fingers and this inevitably found its way to the fretboard on my guitars. First and only Snark I owned and I've found another manufacturers tuner that was cheaper, works better, and easier to see. No more Snark's for me.
Had to return. The smaller than normal keys along with poor (to me) key feel made this a bad choice for learning to play. The bluetooth was convenient in many ways, but annoying in others - a cable is easy to just plug in while the bluetooth requires you to connect to it from a compatible app before it's available. (Once you connect via an app, it's available to all apps even if the others don't have an interface to connect to bluetooth LE devices)
The 7" head is too small. The 6" head fits great and sounds good for the price. Luckily I just really needed to replace the 6" head and can get by with my old 7 incher. Will buy another 7" head later from someone else.
cheap quality. noisy . And apparently has no return policy .trying to return it as we speak .
The DVD is missing with this product.. who can I contact to get this missing item?
Ordered a black one and received a yellow one.
It was a cheap set, monetarily, and was the same fit and quality-wise. I took a shot and missed,
Awful ticking noise whenever I plug it in. Checked different outlets and fuses, and nothing changed. Will be returning and getting a Marshall instead!!!!! 😤
Not a fan I'm starting to realize you get what you pay for
I liked they are real loud and they great hit for karaoke. What I disliked is not being able to use the radio.
Cost me more money to shave this down to the write size, This is way too big for Violin Most likely for a Base or Cello
The thin spiral wire that holds the gong was pulled out of shape by my 4 year old, the very first time he held the bell. It cannot be reshaped rendering the bell useless.
It works but you have to be careful that it is seated when you clip it to the guitar head stock. One side of the clip is very soft rubber and is easily skewed, thereby preventing contact with the piezo mic. The old design used hard rubber and was pretty much clip it and it worked. The current design is too fiddly and most of my guitar and ukulele students can't get it clipped on correctly. On the positive side, the wires are thicker and more durable than the old design.
Stones fell out after a few days, fur ball broke off within the first hour, and the ring doesn't work anymore. A total wash.
The skin of the drum head was not taut, so the drum I received is not playable; only good for decoration. It seems that others had better luck, though.
This case is far more than I bargained for. It's too large and has a strong smell on the inside of it. I can see how it would be very nice for a professional DJ or someone else who has a very large amount of 45 records. I have discovered another case, that is retro/vintage looking and far more my size. I haven't returned it, it's probably too late to do so. I'll probably try to sell it online.
Not the greatest, I bought it and returned it after one gig. Just not there man..
The razor was pretty dull and the cork was of ok-sub ok quality, was not successful on my first try.
stopped working after a week of buying it
The tuner for one of the E strings never worked from the moment I took it out of the box. Spend a little bit more $ on something else. Not worth it.
I bought this and the moment I open the box I regretted buying this piece of kit. It's huge and cumbersome. And you have a tiny usb to laptop connection that does nothing for sound quality. In the end, I've to spend another $500 for a mixer to get some quality out of this investment. Sold it off after 2 weeks though. Hate it. Absolutely.
The mic itself functions just fine, exactly as I'd expect from a Blue Yeti. But the "satin red" color doesn't look anything like the photos on Amazon. It's much darker/less saturated and looks more like a wine or brick red. I was buying a 2nd model specifically for this color scheme, so I'm disappointed that it's not the candy apple red depicted in the product photos.
While this stand has many attractive & useful features, it is too flimsy to hold any substantial or heavy music folder or book. I am 5'6" & I stand when I practice. Fully extended, it is too short for me.
Get dusty then stop working.
String winder and picks missing from packaging.
Spend a little more and get a Furman.
For some reason I only received 4 out of the 7 items in this kit. Not sure what happened but a few pieces were missing?!?
I was happy to see the other low reviews, because now I know I wasn't using them wrong. These can't stand up to much use. The wrappers are hard to slide, the rubber ends would keep popping off the back, and the bamboo started cracking and flying off while I was using them. I'm going to try a more expensive pair from some other company. These are fine if you need a quick cheap pair for one or two gigs.
This is the second stand i have gotten that is manufactured bent. I would try another wall mounted stand but this seems to be the only one on the internet, hence the 2 stars instead of 1. The mount is also very cheaply made out of plastic while everything else is made of metal, of which i have no idea why they didnt price it a little higher and put a metal mount in.
I've been using these at my work desk for a couple of months now... They sound great but the wires connected to the ear buds slide loose and make the audio cut in and out... These same wires will sometimes shock the ear they are attached to. I really wanted to love these but I can't suggest them at 20 dollars...
Price is ok, but unless you have a tap handy I would get something else. I had to use the screws I had to basically retap all the holes. Took about three times longer to mount a few pieces of equipment then it should have.
took some time to arrive. seems it came from vietnam its string slots are not filed. not good. won't buy this again.
My stand lasted a little over a year before the plastic nuts that hold the boom in position were stripped and no longer useable. If only they were metal nuts, I'm sure this stand would have lasted for a long time. As it is, I wouldn't buy it again because I doubt a new one would last any longer.
Horribly honest review here, I loved it, except it didn't do the one thing I bought it for, play FM radio stations. If the seller can provide some feed back on getting the radio to work better I'll change my review, else I'm returning it soon. Maybe the aux cord just isn't enough of an antenna? should I try a better/longer one? I want it to work, I like it! I'm in the bay area, there are thousands of strong signals here but the scanning tool only ever stops on one Spanish station, sometimes, often just scans all the way around and stops on static again. And the only way to use the radio is scanning, no way to set the station yourself... BUT if you want this speaker for LITERALLY any other reason other than the FM radio, buy it, its cheap, light weight (made of plastic, don't drop it! but seems sturdy), loud enough for the small power supply and long enough life. The battery could be bigger, specially since they have the space (comically small battery shown in photo), but it does the job and it's cheap so no complaints (if you have electrical know-how you can actually fit it with a bigger battery (I'M SURE ITS NOT ADVISED BY THE SELLER THOUGH! liability and all..)) Conclusion: 5 star review minus can't do the thing I actually bought it for = 2 stars :(
you get what you pay for.
Returning. Arrived broken.
the amazon description says the item comes with two mic cables but when I received it, there was only one cable in the box. It's the only reason why I rated it with only 2 stars.
The lights came in and one worked great! I actually loved it! The other one didn't work at all. Very dissapointed.
This will do the trick bit is not easily adjustable. My 2 kids are need to be able to adjust a stool without unscrewing and moving bolts. It's also not the best quality. We returned it.
The handle broke withen the first 2 hours of arriving. This is not portable without the handle and or wheels and both broke had to put bigger screws to hold it in with the weight if the speaker I dont recommend unless you can use tools and your going to change stuff anyway
The base is constantly unscrewing. It needs a bit more of something to make it more sturdy and moveable without having to reassemble it.
Terrible quality reed, poor sound, easily breaks. It is worth it to pay the extra money and get a better quality reed. Do not be fooled.
I am a litte disappointed that this light does not respond to music at all. Another remote function that never worked is stopping the motor - it will slow down on its own but not in response to remote control. Previous similar light that I owned had a Bluetooth speaker and was blinking in response to sound, which was great, but unfortunately I couldn't get the music to play on good stereo speakers since android phone stops sending music through stereo jack once it does so via Bluetooth. So I really hoped this light would solve that problem, and it might have if only it worked as advertised, but music response does not work on the unit I received.
It will do but it's not the best quality.
They do deliver sound, but no where near to be a "noise cancelling" or rich in sound. Lower end of average in sound quality,. Build quality is amazing - feels sturdy and will probably last long surviving through accidental pulls and drops.
Excellent quality headset compare to the $450 Point Source Audio set. We got it for our Priest to do his service and sermon. Great little headset. The double ear is great for keeping it stable while moving and being very active. The microphone works great. The reason I gave four stars was that it was too small to reach from ear to ear, little un-comfortable. After 6 weeks of use, voice start breaking up and we had to switch to the Shure clip-on microphone.
The quality is not good. I brought it two months ago, and it sudden broke when I was playing the piano today. Luckily I wasn't get hurt!
The product largely came as advertised, but the foam ear pads keep falling off of the headphones.
Seems to work ok. The welds that hold the main securing nut are very weak though; only three small spots instead of all the way around. Only a matter of time until it breaks.
I really wish these headphone were better than they are. Everything is great about them, other than they keep failing on me... I tried to overlook this, but after buying 5 sets in the last 5 months, I just can't justify it anymore. My issue is that when they encounter a static charge (ie. nothing more than rubbing against my sweater) eventually the electronics inside will fry. They either won't be recognized by my phone at all when plugged in or when plugged in they will start acting erratically and the volume will go up and down, the songs will skip forwards and backwards, and the Google Assistant will be triggered. This starts happening immediately once plugged in. There's nothing I can do about it. They are essentially a waste at that point. And I can't stress this enough — it wasn't once or twice. This has happened to every single pair I've owned. The price point, the sound quality, and the build of the other components are all excellent. But something about the electronics keeps getting frazzled by nothing more than normal use. Sorry Monoprice...
I ordered 2, one was used, I can tell because the cable is scratch and cut a bit and the name is worn out. the other defected, the music setting doesn't work. The light are powerful but the quality is on the low side. For the price, is what you paid for.
I couldn't get them to stay on my crash cymbals. They'd fly off when the cymbal was struck. Their hi hat clutches rock however!
they work fine. no issues with the fit. only problem was the awful pea green buttons. mine are green like thick ugly pea soup. just doesnt look right and will probably go back to my original tuners when i change strings. idk maybe ill save them for a green guitar build or something.
My daughter lOVED this, but very quickly the handle cracked. It still works, but she has to be very gentle with it -- and she's a pretty gentle kid. She did not manhandle this.
Been one week since I bought this flute and there is a crack running down from the mouth piece. Very disappointed...
If you want this piano just to play melodies on, it works fine, but when you try to play three or more notes simultaneously, you get mystery chords! :) Which is kind of a neat trick, but if you want this for anything serious, I would recommend buying a slightly more expensive model.
I used this headset three times. The sound is really good. But the way it fits me is very uncomfortable. If you wear glasses and have large ears I do not recommend this headset. The unfortunate part for me, I can't return it now. I am 4 days past return time!
I can't imagine that a device so simple as this one should be so expensive and it does not even have any Charger ? Man how much profit do these companies make? :)
Stopped working after a few days
The harp is too small and not worth sending back. I gave it to my 6 year old neighbor.
I have given this a lot of chances to impress, but what it comes down to is it is a toy, and is priced as such. It needs more oomph, it just doesn't stand out with power.
Bought these one pulled apart the 1st night used. Another quit 3rd. Time used. Giving 2 to see how the last 2 hold up.
This cable was super touchy to start with; however,we used it twice and now it doesn't work at all.
the right speaker makes a constant clicking noise and some of the keys stick. Not worth the price :(
Tips come off very easily. On most of the sticks you could simply use your hands to easily twist them off. They have been flying off the sticks when playing. Too bad, other than that they seem pretty good for the price.
UPDATE: After reading review customer service contacted me and provided me with a free unit. Will give it another try. In 4 months have had 3 of these units go bad. First couple recordings are great, then I developed an audible hum in the recordings. Then the unit doesn't work at all. Save the time and spend more money on a more reliable, better system. This is truly a situations of getting what you pay for.
cheaply made, not worth the price
The products packaging has an open front and, I'm assuming from sitting in a warehouse, the mat was gross! My hands were black from just unrolling it. The rubber coated plastic neck support piece was clean due to being in the lower sealed part of the packaging. Wiping the mat off with Lysol cleaning spray wasn't enough to actually clean it so had to take it outside and scrub it with dawn dish soap and the hose. My initial impression, once the mat was clean and dry, is it is extremely thin. It's constructed from the same material as those cheap foam tiles you put down in a kid's playroom only much thinner. Overall it feels very cheap. The stand however is very solid yet soft from the rubber coating. Love the stand and it's the only reason I gave it 2 stars. Overall the product will work for what I'm doing. Just know what you're really paying for here is the neck support stand.
Not getting off to a good start. Was supposed to be delivered today now itll be middle of next week, why pay for prime?
I would have loved this if I could have used it right out of the box. However, there are no instructions (not even a pointer to a YouTube tutorial), and mine did not have the tuning wrench included. Great idea, though.
My daughter lost her capo so we opted to to get her this one. Unfortunately it does not work as well as the last one. It is a bit bulkier and does not sit as snuggly on the neck and strings as I think it should. Although it does work, maybe it just doesn't fit all ukuleles. Either way, I don't recommend this product.
showed up in a flimsy plastic envelope, bent and dented. after a few minutes of straightening it out, it became usable, however, while trying to install it, it kept folding on top of itself where it was bent during shipping. It is too wide for the neck of the violin, so expect annoying paper sticking out. Not the greatest product, but i guess you cant expect much more for 3 bucks.
I can say that I was eventually able to cut my acoustic guitar base strings with a whole lot of effort. Even the 2nd string took more effort that I would have thought! I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to cut the 6th string at all to be frank. Finally, with holding the things with both hands the string finally cut through. I've used cheap toenail clipper which worked better than these. So 2 stars since they technically worked, but I'd recommend to look elsewhere.
Case is much flimsier than the impression you get when looking at the picture. Hinges are also incredibly flimsy and almost broke the first time I opened it. Definitely not worth the ~$50 I paid for it. Also does not hold a standard crybaby wah unless you turn it sideways and who wants to do that. Returned this as soon as I opened it.
The cup holder was not sturdy and fell off the stand often. Not secure...
These did not dampen the sound whatsoever. In fact, they are thin and feel cheap.
I can't get mine to pair up right and am looking for help. Left one pairs up but as soon as I take the right one out it unpairs. Advice?
Was not happy with this product.
Not satisfied. Plastic material feels brittle, like it will break. It isn't flexible at all oh, so it can't be used with bigger sticks.
The sound post on the inside fell over in transit and rattles on the inside whenever the violin is moved (which is a problem), but otherwise the instrument is exactly how I assumed it would be -- the instrument does sound relatively good for its extremely low price. Wasn't expecting much and got exactly what I paid for.
Does the job, but very poorly made as they tear very easy
Mixes the two stereo channels just fine but has a lot of distortion when amplifying either source either outside or by its own gain knob. I was running 64 Ohm headphones which arent particularly hard to drive but do require a little more power and I could not get to a decent volume without a lot of distortion. I dont know how it would perform on batteries but i was plugged into the micro usb power and it would sometimes have static noise on idle without sound until i turned it off and on again.
The mic only works half the time and the aux cover snapped off immediately.
Product was delivered today, upon opening the box I discovered a dent in the upper left corner of the speaker.
We had it for a month and then one day the microphone broke off of its base. Plastic seems really cheap. Seemed to just snap off. Also, before it broke, it was much quieter than a mic my friend bought on Amazon.
It squeals when mic comes anywhere near the unit. Sound quality is not great but it's a low budget option for a school play.
No directions came with this, beware
Sucks that it's not universal to all types of stands.
The book was labeled as alto saxophone on the cover, but it was for clarinet. It was also supposed to come with CD and it did not.
The product feels cheap and the short length of the brush makes it easy to bump into your discs. I feel like I have to be careful not to scratch my lp with it.
They lasted roughly a year then died.
Unfortunately due to a reschedule didn't have a need for this immediately and put it away without examining it. Now opening it and discovering due to a manufacturing defect, there is less space “inside” than there should be. Very poor Q/A.
The tuner looks nice but only works on 3 of 6 strings..It works great on the strings it tunes
I ended up returning this. My daughter always stoked about getting this. But her reeds would not fit. The protective case each read come is was too big. When you took the red out of the individual case it came with, this case was roo small. We ultimately decided to return it.
Pro: Keys are properly weighted. Sustain pedal included. Arrived quickly. Cons: The sound/tone/volume are identical if you lightly tap a key, or hit it hard. This ruins the benefit of practice! If you are buying this for a learner, don't do it. After practicing a lot on this keyboard the piano player will be ill prepared for a real piano. Dynamics are totally destroyed. And, it's tough to get subtle phrasing in, because that depends on a responsive interaction between the key stroke and the sound(s). For me, I will use it because it's all I've got. But, I'll start saving up for something better. Now.
It works but very cheaply constructed.
Not nearly as absorbent as I thought. Easily comes off adhesive :(
The wrong sizes came. Both were incorrect. I made them work but I still have to find the correct size.
Poor quality sounds but high volume
It sure looks like a good idea, but truthfully --- there's nothing ergonomic about this seat. I agree with the other reviews saying that this seat is not made for anyone under 6' tall. I'm 5'9" and need to sit on the edge of the seat so I could work my foot pedals. The back rest sits too high above the point where it would useful providing any comfort. Having more than just two height setting would address this issue. The seat is wider side to side than it is front to back. The reduced depth gave me the sense I was sitting on 1/2 a chair rather than a full one. Finally, without the ability for the seat to swivel, you really begin asking yourself why you considered this choice in the first place. It would be hard for me to enjoy myself performing music on stage when this piece of equipment is so limiting. Be ready to buy replacement rubber feet as these slip off easy.
After second night, started to not work
Replacing 3 dead batteries in each snowflake was an added expense I wasn't counting on but the snowflakes are pretty
Just because the iRing did not work for me it does not mean it is a bad product. I had to return it. I wanted to use with my iPhone and I just could not get it to work
I was missing the remote to control the colors.
They are not comfortable to wear and don't stay in place even though they are so tight.
Won't stay tuned for more than 3 minutes. Closer analysis the neck is bent and twisted. How do you explain to your kid on Christmas morning that you hope Santa has a return policy?! :(
One of the legs is somehow warped or twisted, so it does not sit flat. To fix, will have to completely replace that leg.
It says in the description it comes with T legs no they didn't they came with two stupid curves legs that's very annoying to deal with honestly go buy the pdp rack it's better in my opinion and only like 50 more bucks more that this headache
I was disappointed it did not extend much at all. This is true length just as you see it.
Haven't uesed it yet
Difficult to keep in tune. Better than some other cheap guitars, but not good enough to be a starter guitar. Works as a toy, but not really an option if you are serious about learning to play a guitar.
Had to return. Adhesive that holds the Velcro on the frame came loose.
Decent rosin but the top of the rosin wasn't smooth, it seemed as if the center of the rosin sunk in, resulting in a lot of scraping with a knife to make it even enough to be able to apply to my bow. It's a good rosin if you have a cheap bow with cheap strings but it's not ideal for me. Though I'm in Florida, I'd still prefer a dark rosin over a light. Just wasn't pleased with the how it came and how my playing compares to using dark.
Pros: Solid, metal construction; numerous input options. Cons: Low sound output; distorts easily. I bought this to serve as my monitor speaker for mobile DJ applications. The sound quality is fair and it does not go very loud. In addition, at higher volumes, the base distorts easily. I've heard wireless bluetooth speakers that are much smaller that are louder and provide better quality sound. If you are looking for a DJ monitor speaker, you'd be better off purchasing an 8" powered speaker.
very minimal on lights. It is small so can be expected
The mat does not lie totally flat on the turntable.
only the left side works the right one went out about 6 weeks
So difficult to set up. Comes with useless instructions and outdated setup/drivers disk. Once you grasp the concept is merely OK, but too much programming to be user friendly. It does work but, in my opinion, not worth the hassle if you are looking for an easy to use plug and play controller. It is cool to have a dedicated laptop controlling your lights, but there are easier ways to put on a light show.
After a few days the octave button stopped working.
Not what I expected. Very cheap guitar. The amp has no gain for the drive for the more dirty tone of the guitar. Not what I expected when I ordered an electric guitar.
Not good quality! Stitching is totally off!!
Good price and sturdy build but the slowest speed is still very fast and patterns aren't as good looking as the other ones my neighbors.
Ok product. Sound from guitar/bass must be strong and constant, otherwise it gives a very inaccurate reading(?)
I knew I was getting a cheap toy but this seriously broke in three weeks. Super cheap.
Just too large to fit in small ear canals. If you can't get the ones that come with the earbuds to fit, these won't be any better. Get the foam sleeves!
Granddaughter loved this for Christmas, but after 2 months of just sitting in the living room it is broken - very flimsy.
Too much echo when both is in use
Fades out even when held still. The FX processing sounds bad. I threw it away after two days
The guitar, overall, looks nice and that is about the only thing this guitar is good for. The fretting is done so badly, playing it is nearly impossible. (I've been playing for over a decade and couldn't get this thing to sound good) It does not hold its tuning, the string spacing is a mile away from the fret board and you cant adjust the truss rod (there isn't one to adjust) the bridge is apparently there for looks as well as any adjustment done on that end just makes things sound and feel worse. If you want your child to have an easy and enjoyable experience, dont buy this item. Oh yeah, the amp works so, 2 stars total. 1 for the wall art(guitar) 1 for the amp.
the bottom part does not fit well and it makes the sound horrible
Product is shipped compressed, and it took several days for the screens to expand and re-shape fully, even then looking a bit deformed. They also do not have an inner "lip" to reduce slipping off the microphone head. I would not recommend these.
Looks pretty, but out of tune
There is a constant, loud 60 cycle hum.
I was not Satisfied with the tonal quality. Returned it and purchased a different brand.
These are nice looking knobs and go well on my guitar - but I had to re-order a second batch - now 3 out of four have cracked, the inner part that goes onto the pot stem cracks apart, and the knob falls off! On a gig, twice now!
I ordered a stand by another manufacturer that arrived broken and was returned. This was to replace that stand. Unfortunately, this stand arrived with a defective thread on the height adjuster for the left side. The knob would not thread in under any circumstance. Now it has to go back as well.
Nice looking buttons but crap screws. Break with minimal force. Had to get good screws at hardware store. China screws break and cost more than product with my time; gas and energy. Note to manufacture; put in good screws as that is the most important part. I would have given 4 stars but that ain't happening.
I did not like this mic at all!!! I can hardly hear myself.....I have bought other mics like this one and have had no problems with the vocals (and that's without using any kind of power supply)....I don't feel like I have to spend extra money on a power supply for this to sound good, for that much I rather spend an extra $20-$30 on a wayyyy better mic.....Very Very disappointed!!! I will be returning this product back!!
Flat profile is nice, but it takes a very strong hand to squeeze it enough to fit over the neck and strings. I would not buy this again.
Too Large and Bulky. Fell out of my ears.
This was a Christmas gift for my son. I love that he can make a pick if he needs one. However, the first pick that he pressed split the same day he made it. The sheets that come with this set are poor quality. I am very disappointed. I'm likely going to buy replacement sheets for him, though I wish I didn't have to.
The item I got works with significant latency. Tone is not that good either. For years I've being using Line 6 G50 and it works prefect. Mentioning that just as a reference. I know it's 5 times more expensive unit but at least it's usable. I'm not sure this unit is good enough to be used even for the home practice, which was the main reason I bought it.
I never recieved this item, although it said it had been delivered. Very disappointed.
The item was suppose to arrive and showed up later than expected with no explanation, out side of Amazon.
This bag fits my acoustic quite snugly, but it arrived with a terrible smell. I had to air it out for a day just to use it. The bag is quite thin, and the quality of the straps and the handle are not great. Overall, this is not a good travel bag, it is only passable as a dust cover. EDIT: The smell never left. The bag is not protective and I will be returning it.
Disappointed no instructions string very very loose it sits in corner getting dusty.
Just delivered today. Quality of the mallet is poor. It very splintery and chipped.
Decent battery life and they are comfortable but the Bluetooth connection to my iPhone X drops when I pause it. This issue only gets worse as the battery drains. I've also had issues with the charging case either charging itself all the way out or not charging the ear buds at all. They are cheap, have decent battery life, and I'll keep them as a back up set but if you are looking for something reliable I'd spend a bit more money and look elsewhere.
The practice pad was missing from the set. I didn't want to send it back because my set was previously delayed in shipping and my daughter needed it for school.
I might like this product if I ever receive it. Ordered March 14 and still waiting as of April 26. The latest delivery estimate is May 1. Should have ordered from some dealer who could deliver.
The ring you put your finger in came loose in about 4 days. It flopped around and wouldn't stay up around the crystal. I peeled it off and had to put a different pop up holder on it. So the case is pretty and I will use. But it's sad the crystal part broke so quickly.
I'm in my fourth, they usually start to break around the 2 &1/2 mark.
the sound quality is horrible and didnt like to work with obs and streamlabs well, even at the highest volume you couldnt hear my voice but you could hear a loud static everytime I used it
Product was fine. Delivery fee was way to high.
I was a little disappointed that I was not allowed to pick the color. Also the drum I was shipped was NOT one of the drums shown in the images. I got a pink drum with mermaids on it, which didn't help as the drum was intended as a gift for my nephew... A decent drum, but I I think we should be allowed to pick the color or have all the drums be gender neutral.
Bought this to use with my piano keyboard, it works as in sound comes through, but there's a constant static sound and the sound is very muddled. I assumed that returns are available since it came via prime shipping, but be aware that this is NOT the case and returns are not allowed.
The bass is really low and these headphones are uncomfortable. Follow my advice do not buy these headphones, and do not believe the persons that gave them five stars.
item arrived with multiple small dents and scratches on the surface of the interior of the mute. While it won't affect play I would have thought that there would have been better craftsmanship from this well known manufacturer.
Cord snarls and is not easy to rewind when finished...Loops and tangles . hard to unplug from my instrument and amp...Have others that are easy and flexible without the frustrating kinking. Would not purchase this again!!!!
Great headphones until they broke. Ordered for my husband in Nov. Gave to him at Christmas. Broke in May. They were great for 5 months. The sound still works but the ear on one side is broke. U cannot adjust
This wireless system is Awesome! Works great, so I don't have to worry about tripping on cables anymore. Update: The USB connector is constantly loose and base loses power. I've got a ticket open with Line 6 to see if they can fix the issue. My friend bought one a couple of days after me, and he has the exact same problem.
Got home all excited.... a string broke before I even got a tune on it...
These egg shakers were terribly inferior to others that I have bought. They were very small and the material was very thin. I believe that they would have broken very easily if used by children. I returned them.
I've had it for a month and a half. I got it because I wanted to be able to tune guitars and ukuleles with the same tuner. Unfortunately, after the first week or so it started giving me all kinds of wonky readings, so I have to double check it against another tuner. I'm sticking with the Snark from now on. Tunes one instrument, but it's always dead on.
I had to return it because the color and bulkiness was not what I expected. Not for a man for sure.
Why did you update your app and switch everything up on it, since you wrote the instructions??? I've been trying to get something that should only take 5-10 minutes, into a 3 hours ordeal. I bought these for my mother to see better on her deck. I wanted to surprise her thinking this wouldn't take long, but NO, I couldn't get it working right in time and the surprise is gone. You have complicated the hell out of something so easy. I've tried on 3 phones and they're all doing the same. Great lights, terrible operating system. Lastly, you should only make you have to type your wifi password once, not every time you try to configure the lights! Wow smh.
The ruler and radius gauges are inaccurate. Good enough for a beginner looking to learn basic guitar maintenance
I like the headphones as a whole but after 60 days the connection to the jack became iffy and sound is now dropping in one ear. If they fix this will change my review.
Leather is kinda thin, and even using the last notch, it's not as long as we thought it would be. Color matches guitar well.
The package arrived with everything but the power cable that plugs into the wall and the black transformer box. Was told they couldn't just send that one piece, that I would have to return and reorder the entire thing. Luckily we had an old power cable laying around that we were able to use.
Bought as a gift. She loves it; however, it was difficult to pair and stay paired.
.... part, but the stand that was sent had only one.
The melodica plays easily, all except for the high G key - for some reason the sound is much more delayed than the other keys and I have to blow more air for the note to come out. Disappointed there as I'm not sure what's causing that issue.
so so for product quality - my son uses it - he is 10
This is great for wedding I wish Amazon can give discount on things we buy
It's difficult to get into the training mode and you have to play a monthly fee.
The thing that came in the mail is not what's pictured. I mean the material is definitely a cheaper quality than other practice mutes I've seen, but it still does its job. The main issue is it's kind of stiff so it's a bit difficult to actually get on a bridge. But once it's on there, it works. Also smells kind of cheap/rubbery so I washed it with dish soap and it smells less terrible. But I didn't want to pay shipping on an actual company's website, so I guess it's on me.
The guitar is amazing at the price I paid. The only problem being that the battery holder is very fragile and the tab broke the first time I tried to install the 9 volt battery. After calling support and trying to explain my issue which was difficult because the person didn't seem to know anything about the product. After sending photos and all the required information I still wasn't confident that the person understood the issue. Now it's probably been more than a month and I haven't received the ten cent part that I need.
This stand is fine if you're really strapped for cash because although the functionality is not stunning, you're getting what you're paying for. It is very easy to assemble but not the sturdiest stand by a long shot. The "prongs" at the bottom (that hold the butt end of the guitar) are connected to one piece of metal and it doesn't fit snugly when you screw it in. As a result, you have to be a bit careful when you go to put the guitar away. Overall, the product is mediocre but again, you're getting what you pay for. Cheap and not the best way to make sure your guitar is secure when you're not using it.
So its top notch quality except for a few minor details. A. It's a bad height. At its maximum height I have to do a 90 degree bend over for it be anywhere near sound projection placing, sitting down. It's not tall enough or can stand in a way to put on a table. I mean its inbetween knee and hip height. It's weird and I didnt expect that. B. Its legs dont seem to hold in any position but completed extended flat which means they cant help the height issue. C. As soon as I put a microphone on the thing it started to topple. It cant handle the weight of a single microphone. In any position, I had to put weights on the other side of it to counterbalance. ... that being said the parts look very sturdy and everything connects well and I doubt the stand itself will ever break even if it falls down a lot. So that's good.
It seems sturdy enough and the colors are very visible. But it DOES NOT fit the shure SM58 Wireless Microphones.
This is not what I want.
I have to listen with my phone and car volume all the way up, because otherwise I won't be able to hear it very well. When I am driving through town, I can hear an fairly annoying buzzing in the background of all of the songs. When I am driving on the interstate, the buzzing is mostly drowned out by the road noise, so it works pretty well for road trips (which is why I got it).
I like the price the most, but the packaging is horrible. They ball them up and wrap them so tight that the shape is lost. I should have taken a photo before I unwrapped it. I found out the best way to get them to take shape is to wet them and let them air dry.
They work as intended
This uke is an absolutely stunning work of art. The abalone, the wood, the arm rest area, its truly beautiful. That being said, I did return this uke for a few reasons. -The action is very high, particularly towards the base. -The sound, while nice, leaves a lot to be desired for a trained ear. However, had this been my first uke, I probably wouldn't have known the difference! -and finally, the tuning gears are plastic instead of metal. Again, not necessarily a deal breaker for all, but it was for me. Still... SO FREAKIN PRETTY.
I won't think it's a good choice if you are looking for a very nice sound quality, but considering to its price, sound effect may be acceptable, as well as the ANC experience.
Solid material. It doesn't round out, but I did get the 1.5 thickness. The grip aspect isn't the best I've had. It still slips when my hands are sweaty, but being that I'm a bassist and only use it for 1 song throughout the show, it works for me.
The guitar came with little scratches and the amp doesn't even work. I dont know what's the problem is.
Knob openings were too small, had to be drilled out to fit.
Kind of cheap looking, but it will do the trick for my son's starter guitar. I had to trim back several threads that were hanging off of the sewn seams.
This thing stays wobbly. Nothing has fell but the wobbly nature of this even adjust is less than desirable.
These are on the heavy side. They pair very easily and the sound quality is in about the middle of all headsets. I have issues of the Bluetooth connection being so weak that I have to clip my SanDisk mp3 player to my collar because my arm seems to block the signal if I clip it to my waistband. I use some Bluetooth buds that don't have the same problem.
Super cheap construction yet functional. Not enough pedal tape included. Would not work for working musician but suitable for beginner.
Works well to display my grandfather's old trombone.
So I ordered the ukulele and it slips alot and the tune never stays the same. I was tuning it with a friend and he was suprised how it sounded nothing like what the note was supposed to sound like.
This is a good product only that after using it for less than 3 months, the white prints on the device started fading.
Okay quality. You get what you pay for. Clips the music when it gets to loud
I love Gibraltar stands - I own several - they are sturdy, well made, and are very reasonably priced. This snare stand proved to be a disappointment, however. Unlike other Gibraltar products where the fasteners are all metal, the wing nut that adjusts the basket arms is made of plastic, and mine arrived broken in pieces. I was going to return it for a replacement, but then I had second thoughts, and ended up getting a Pearl snare stand which is awesome. This one instance won't keep me from continuing to buy Gibraltar stuff, though. :)
The hanger is very pretty & I liked the design. It looked just like the photo. However when I asked my boyfriend to hang it he was worried about supporting the weight of the instrument with only one screw. If you will be able to hang on a stud it may be fine but we were only going into drywall. We also felt the angle that it was held out from the wall may warp the neck over time. I ended up returning it & getting something with better support.
For the price I have 0 complaints, but you may want to spend more on some better ones (you are probably already considering that anyway)
Most of it is great but the xylophone is terribly out of tune. I know it's a child's toy, but still annoying. The bells are a hit for sure.
I mean it's a great keyboard but wireless will not pair. The keyboard tries to pair for two seconds before giving up.
Well, they seemed ok but after just 2 months of light use one of them flew apart when clamping it on to the neck. It fractured at the hinge. I would return it but it was a 2 pack. Boxes are gone now. I'll keep an eye on the remaining capo and see what it's longevity is. It could have just been a reject that snapped on me. Quality is good, if they don't break. :)
Works good but the clip fell off after a couple uses
A little bit harder than I expected, do the job, but for some cymbals a softer is better
the cables qualit is not so great. Its best to pay for quality.
This is a very portable little machine, but it does not have a battery option which limits where it can be used. Also, the size of the machine itself and the sound produced was smaller than expected.
I had a problem with the one I had but the company and customer service were awesome.
I thought i lost the package. Looks like the deivery guy just threw it in front of our house and it got blown away to our neighbor house. It is hard to replace the cork and my husband has to sand this down.
Speaker is awesome but the remote came crushed in a 100 pieces
Honestly the sand was no better than the sound that came from my Samsung Galaxy s8 Plus even using the directional mic
When arrived serveral keys were already broken. However otherwise it's a pretty good beginner keyboard.
The mic is sensitive, picks up a lot, but it's a little fuzzy. There's a slight white noise that it seems to send. Not the greatest mic. I'd recommend this if you're looking to do small projects, or to use as a starting point.
I like the price and construction of the box. It does the job of mixing properly. Under operation it appears to not add noise to the output. The only con is the turn pots used make a swiping sound when turned so this unit wouldn't work for any kind of DJ application.
Works well. Bought for our swim teams PA and sound system. Works as advertised.
The unit fit well and adjusted well. I just couldn't use it due to my large fingers
All seemed to be fine for the price, however, tuner that came with the guitar would not work in anyway
Haven't tried it yet...I can't really. I know the product is good from people I know but they sent me a cord that doesn't work with it..... I'm not sure what cord I need either but I'll update once I figure things out
I was so thrilled with the Joyo American Sound that I ended up buying the British Sound roughly a week later. While the British Sound is a good deal overall, it just doesn't sound as good as the American Sound does (to me). This has nothing to do with how accurately it emulates a real Marshall amplifier (same thing with the American Sound), as opposed to how usable the sonic flexibility is when going straight into a (guitar) power amp. It's impossible to get a decent balance of bass/middle/treble frequency response, regardless of how clean or distorted the gain is set to. Along with that, there an unpleasant solid state-like harshness when the gain is set higher. While the American Sound isn't foolproof with how you can set it, there's a lot more usable sounds that are pleasing in a guitar amp way. Again, I have to stress that I'm using this pedal to be representative of a guitar amp's preamp, in its totality. If someone is just using this as an OD or distortion pedal, or if only using it as an emergency backup into the PA, it's probably potentially great for that. Also, the British Sound seems to have the potential (depending on where the gain is set) to have a much higher noise floor than the American Sound, too.
Doesn't have a signal switching and set auto not running.
I should have listened to the other reviews. These harps are not professional quality. They are toys. The C harp out of the box had a bad reed and you really can't bend them. The sound is tinny. Pay more and get more.
cool for what it is, not great but for the price you really can't complain
It is a simple, compact amplifier. Audio quality is ok, not great. My biggest complaint about it is the range. The source has to be within 10-15 ft. Beyond that it starts fading out. It is good that there was an option to buy it without the power supply. Almost everyone should have an adapter lying around that could be used with this.
Very thin. My son likes them
Nice size for small pedals, but the Velcro sucks, doesn't stick to pedals.
It functions well but has lots of noise.
These sounded fantastic.. however they are INCREDIBLY uncomfortable
I have read bad reviews that say you can't adjust the beater angles and this may be true but I just needed to adjust the height of each beater for my yamaha kick trigger pad. The beaters come nowhere near hitting my shins or whatever and i like the action and feel of this pedal quite a bit. I've been playing drums for a long time but have used single pedals on 2 bass drums on my acoustic kits and i've never had a really high end double pedal. I do have a dw double pedal where you add your own right pedal to have double bass on 1 drum and I have to say I like this pdp pedal way way better, I mean Im using this on my electronic practice kit and my kick trigger is wide enough where this works ok, and when doing very fast single kick stuff, with the right foot only this thing works great for me too, i like it so far.
Decent quality for the price. Hair comes out pretty easy though, so gentle touch advised.
Did not help in improving that much sound quality but looks cool
The product works great but there is absolutely ZERO resources available for using the product to teach a child to play piano. There are no color codes books. There are no download and print sheets - NOTHING. You are totally on your own.
We're on our 4th rosin from this brand and at first we thought the kids were dropping them on the floor. However, after pulling the rosin out of the case from a weekend of storage, it was cracked and part of it fell out. Still usable since it was in half but annoying. Not sure if it's a quality thing or change in weather, but I don't remember the darker rosin from my youth ever breaking apart so easily.
Kind of wobbly but it suits its purpose.
It does what you expect, but it is smaller than I would have hoped or thought.
It was what I expected. Thank you
expected more quality
The packaging is not nearly good enough to prevent damage to guitar. There are some small scuffs and scratches on the guitar, especially on the bottom where the styrofoam was pulverized, which is really disappointing. Everything else inside was just rattling around.
The sticky stuff that stay very well end up falling out
Sound is great but the microphone started cutting in and out after my 4th use of it.
Headphones were completely incompatible as the plug didn't fit in the keyboard jack. Instructions were not very clear but eventually figured out how to install. Remember that all of the screws needed are inserted in the poles. The instructions do not state this.
I don't like the sizes.
I like the guitar however it did not come with the stickers for the cords or silver rings. Dissapointing- hopefully the seller will send ones over.
Hard to put on and once you got it off the kids could not get it back on. Difficulty to use, but great thought
The product holds picks fine, but the tape on the back is laughable. I stuck it on, and it fell off as soon as I picked the guitar up.
Cute but terrible sound
Not of the best quality, but passable. Use it to hold my tablet for audio book narration. It's not that solid though.
if you have a little child, not for a grown person
Like the processor. Feels more expensive than 200. But no power cable included.
My musician spouse wasn't as thrilled with these as I thought he'd be, but they won't go to waste. Those who like a thicker pick will like these.
The strap is inexpensive and that shows in the material finish. The leather is stiff and coarse. I bought this along with some more expensive straps and the others were much nicer, but also three or more times the price. Buy this one if you can't afford the others; otherwise, you will likely be better served with spending a little more on a strap that you enjoy wearing and makes you want to strap on your instrument and play. **If my review helped you, please click the “Helpful” button below.** Thanks!
I had these headphones for about a month, and a week ago, the right side completely stopped working. I've never had a problem with Tascam headphones before. I'm a singer/producer, and have always relied on Tascam. Looks like the album will be worked on using a different brand. But, for the 3 weeks they lasted, they were amazing! Best quality sound considering the price. If you want long lasting headphones though, I'd suggest a different brand. :)
Just received these tips for my drumsticks I have a Yamaha electric drum kit with hard rubber pads these inserts don't seem to take any of the vibration away and they're just as loud as if I don't have any tips on at all I do not recommend buying these because they make the drumsticks unbalanced packaging look good seems to help a little bit with vibration but unless you use anti vibe sticks it will vibrate regular sticks in your hand
Nice colors but really cheap
Good lemon oil but too pricey for volume
The only problem I have is that one of the needles were defective the other one worked perfectly in the process of returning for replacement now
Poor packaging. It looks like it was previously returned. Additionally the color inorder d was rose gold like the picture however the actual headphone received was black. Haven't tried it out yet so will edit review on that component.
The arm it self is great but the clip for it sucks. After moving it once the threads are useless now and the clamp does not hold the mic. And the pop filter is nice but I found it in the way of my screens so I used a wind screen instead.
The product itself is great and it's exactly what I wanted, but the wireless charging surface was scratched all over when it arrived.
I required holders that would work with wireless microphones. The description seemed to imply these would work but had no specific measurements. When I received them, they were too small to hold my microphones and I had to return them.
These are ok. The pads are firmer than the OEM pads. Passive noise reduction is solid though. However the inserts are flimsy garbage. If your original inserts are in good shape, keep those. A good replacement if you are looking to save cash but I'll probably order OEM next time.
It looks like it is put together by a child. There are screws inside of the bell area that the knocker is just connected to with a piece of wire. Very cheap quality, but it works.
It's not a bad set, but just know that what you actually get is in the first (top) picture, i.e., the picture with the stuff in the case. If you look at all of the pictures, you see two different kinds of rulers and two different kinds of cutters. This can be misleading. I received the clippers and ruler from the first picture. (I would have preferred the other clippers and ruler shown, but I should have checked the pictures more carefully!)
The xylophone is pretty light. It looks vulnerable and indeed didn't tolerate dropping to the floor. Pieces were lose when my toddler dropped it to the floor from high chair. I ended getting another one that looks sturdier. But should be good for older children like pre school age.
This mic stand looks good with materials and construction. But it has one big problem - its unbalanced when using a mic like the Blue Bluebird. This causes the stand to wobble and sometimes tip over. The tipping is worse if you don't align the arm perfectly straight with the direction of the base. Sorry, but this is not good and makes it unusable to me. It should work fine with a lighter mic but I wouldn't recommend this if you got a heavier mic to hold.
Too many settings and to complicated to operate for me.
I was recommended this product and i purchased it. It doesnt fit my mic and its not return able.
Its decent, but the audio sounds like you are far away from the mic. Even with phantom power it does not provide a lot of gain. I have to turn the gain on the board way up.
I bought this for a casual podcast which I record while walking around my neighborhood. It worked pretty well: the sound was solid (if not as good as the Rode Podcaster), and with a “cat toy” style windscreen, it worked well outdoors. Fast forward 13 months, and I suddenly start getting loud crackling sounds on the audio. It turns out the cable is damaged right where it meets the headphone jack plug, so even the slightest motion triggers it. I haven't decided if I want to buy another one (vs trying to replace the plug), but either way, I'll add some extra strain relief.
took awhile before it actually started to work. and when it blew out artificial snow, the diameter of it was very small. about 3-5 feet wide and not much came out
There is a piece of plastic sticking out of the plate that prevents the two pieces from fitting together like they are supposed to. After not getting any support from vendor, I used pliers to tear that piece of plastic off. Fits fine now and will probably do just what it is supposed to. But they missed something in the final development of it, there's a little plastic piece that juts out that doesn't need to be there. It's not even listed on the vendors web site, so I am assuming it is a really new product.
Eh. Doesn't sound that great, even with a filter.
mic in new condition but no xlr cable was provided. when description says one will be.
it's a good cable for the price sleek looking and holds up good
I have had these headphones for a year and a half. I use them at work. The Right side has now stopped working. Sound quality is great. If you want more bass then be sure you have an equalizer. The sound card has this and I can turn up the bass or down depending on what I'm listing too. They're very comfortable and I can wear them all day.
You get what you see. Not bad, but a little pricey.
Ok for the price. Doesn't fit as snug as others I have purchased before and the bevel seems more pronounced.
could be a bit better but it did clean
Pretty much as advertised except I can't get the heights even in any way. As stands and isolators they're perfectly functional. However, getting a good, even height and angle is difficult if not impossible. They're also extremely difficult to pull out once in, but I could just be a weakling.
The sound is good but the fit is awkward. They are really big and if you are using them to move around a lot like running or dancing they do not stay on your ears. They are perfect for using while sitting still to watch a movie or listen to music.
I bought the stand because it will flatten to hold a tablet, and it looks like that will work well. I tossed the bag and used one of mine that will hold-up under use. Time will tell if the light will last for grade school aged kids.
Red led burnt out after a few days. Contacted support and they are sending me a replacement. will update when it arrives.
Kind of sucks. The quality is not great, I would spend like 20$ more and just buy a good microphone.
One string did break but other than that 🤙
The comfort and quality for these headphones are amazing. I've tried a couple of over the ear headphones and this one is the most comfortable for medium sized ears. I'm no audiophile but the quality is as good as many of the reviews make it out to be and compared to the microsoft surface headphones, they are noticeably better. The one main issue I have with these headphones is its bluetooth feature. Usually, once my bluetooth speakers or earbuds connect to my pc, I can play from any source at the same time or switch between the sources without the secondary source being muted. These headphones however do that. If i were to play a game such as League of Legends and watch a youtube video while in loading screen and swap back, all my audio for the game is muted. The only way I can get the audio back is by restarting the game. Another example is if I'm editing music on Fl Studio 20 and then play a youtube video, the youtube video is now permanently muted until I close out of Fl Studio. I never had this issue if I'm connected to my pc via the wire provided in the package, but I primarily purchased these over the older m50x because of the bluetooth feature. It's very frustrating to constantly be cautious about what I play because I can potentially mute an application entirely. I attempted to update the firmware but my firmware update always fails to go through. I follow all the steps that the Audio Technica app gives me to the T and I still cannot seem to successfully update the firmware. This is really disappointing that the bluetooth on this headphone sucks because of how amazing the sound quality and comfort is. The sheer amount of inconveniences I go through and the amount of changes I had to make on my everyday workflow in order to work around this bluetooth issue is very annoying. The only reason I have yet to return them is because of how amazing they are, besides the bluetooth. Please fix it or if it has been fixed with the firmware update, fix the app because the app is the only way to update its firmware. I've checked on many online forums on how to update the firmware and the app seems to be the only solution. If this one issue is fixed, I'd say this is the best bang for your buck wireless studio headphones on the market
my teacher had a hard time tuning it. The strap was missing too
Thin and not dense. You'd need at least 2 or 3 to get any height. At least it's comfortable
Came super fast; but i suppose that depends on where u live. Came double wrapped so no way it would be a problem if it was raining or anything; so A+ for shipping. My only complaint it that it is definitely not as dark as the picture suggest. Maybe if the studio was dimly lit, but under an led white light it is very clearly a dark salmon or dark peach. I only complain cause red is my favorite color, and if i knew i would have purchased the black version.
Works, but you're better off buying a kick head with a hole pre-cut. I bought this and used it a total of one time, and it has been sitting in a drawer ever since that day, unused. What, do you want me to try to sell it on ebay, or use it every 10-20 years? Not really a great purchase, but it works if you need it.
They work for cheap jacks, but don't expect to be able to tighten them firmly. I stripped out 3 trying to install in a pedal. Fortunately there were plenty to replace them with, just a headache rewiring repeatedly. I'll go with better quality next time & save the hassle.
The actual headphones work ok but for long hours (12 hours at festival etc) it did not provide the coverage I expected. I love the idea of the keychain case but it is a terrible design it smashes them and both don't even fit correctly. All around I am disappointed and will be searching for ear plugs with better coverage.
The holes never seem to line up when I replace pick guards - this one was no different.
The quality of this unit is great and there was minimal assembly required and you only need a Phillips screwdriver to assemble. However, the Minimum Height claim of 16" is incorrect, as the lowest height on this unit that is achievable is 23" (when measuring from the floor to the top surface of the shelf), not the 16" that is advertised via the Amazon description as well as on the manufacturer's box. So I had to cut the legs off several inches to have the stand be low enough for the intended use. Amazon, please be more accurate in your description of items on your site. Thanks
Not super adjustable. It doesn't hold it's shape well. Pretty meh.
I love this ukulele. I learned to play on it and it's been my favorite until a few weeks ago I noticed it's cracking and it's always out of tune since it's not sealed on anymore. Really sad and disappointed it didn't last as long as I'd hoped.
Well not sure if I am reading the description wrong or what but the one with the extra humbucker screws did not work with my humbuckers in my epiphone SG. They were a tiny bit too thin. But I still made use out of all the other screws replacing some old rusty bois.
Great value and look. A little small and doesn't hold tune as long as I'd like.
For $30 this is not a bad toy. The sound is fairly good, the keys work easily, but the bellows are too stiff for a younger child to work.
Was fun for 20 minutes then I just wanted to pick up a regular guitar. Do they really expect you to be carrying this thing around with you everywhere? I get it its portable but I just find it a very slim use case that doesn't appeal to me. I'd like to try using it more with midi though
These earrings are beautiful, but I found the backing that came with it was a bit too loose to hold the earring and the flower. I changed it for other backings I had and it fixed the problem.
Prefer slider rather than knob for volume control.
Love the guitar zipper on the bag didn't work
Pretty although the glitter isn't encased or smoothed over..It sticks
It was good except for the fact that the neck of the guitar was slightly damaged. My son didn't want to send it back but it didn't affect the playing. Otherwise it would have been 5 stars.
The price is right for this if you only need lower to moderate gain. It's NOT a high gain pedal. Excellent build quality as usual. Just didn't fit for me with my style of playing but might for blues.....
Had to purchase a power supply separately .
Do not stay up easily. Bit wonky. Aesthetically look great. For the value they are good starter stands.
not bad for a kid that doesn't know any better, but plastic strings are terrible. there's just no way to teach ANY basic chords when the strings dont make a sound
Guitar itself is great. I'm learning through Rocksmith and it's been awesome so far. Except for tuning to drop d. When tuning to drop d, there is a horrible strong buzz and they feel extremely cheap! If you want better sound buy better strings.
works, but sound quality not that good
Good art value but not very functional. You only get one not three as shown in the picture
Bought for the kids to dance with in the living room and it does that job, but isn't amazing by any means. Three different light/pattern settings. Comes with a small remote. It size-wise, it fits in the palm of your hand. If you want to have some dance lights in a small room that rotate around for kids, go for it. Need more? Look for other alternatives.
This is my second take at a review. While I am not a fan of the current remote control or how bright the LEDs are, I like how they used quality adhesive and made everything so that it is neat and high quality. The seller reached out to me directly and was amazing. They also explained that they are redesigning the remote control. This makes me feel like this is a supplier that genuinely wants to do right by their customers. While these lights are not necessarily right for me, they might be a fit for someone who is looking for a more subtle effect. The customer service is spectacular and I would very highly recommend this seller.
They are good quality, especially for the price, but they don't fit my daughters mouth piece. The back isn't flat enough & doesn't fit snug, leaves a gap.
You pay for what you get. works well in some areas and not in others
I have both a Heil Pro Set 6 and this Yamaha headset. The Yamaha sounds ok, but the microphone picks up way too much background noise. My linear amp has a somewhat noisy fan. The Heil doesn't pick up any of that fan noise, but the Yamaha picks up so much fan noise as to be unusable. If your room is very quiet, the Yamaha might work for you, but for me, it's no good. Even picks up the sound if I move a piece of paper on my desk. If you want good noise rejection, get a Heil instead of this Yamaha.
Sound quality impresses, but the earbuds don't fit my small ears very well.
Used this replace the nit on my SG. It is a bit taller and requires some filing. It also is a bit too wide for the fretboard as well. It took some extra work...but it will do.
I bought this for 1 reason to replace my V-moda's cable. Why have a large Square nub near the jack? It's too thick to allow for clearance when plugging into headphone or other device. Maybe I can use it for a paper-weight later on down the road?
The picture is not what you get. That's not right. The actual item is smaller and less adjustable. I made it work but feel slightly cheated. Still a solid product and just as functional.
Quality of glass is good and well made. They just sent me the wrong size, I should be large they sent medium.
power adaptor not working any more
I recieve the product and it was totally damaged. Neck broken from body, E string busted. This product arrived like it had been through war. Footprint on the box which shows that someone stand on it.
It's a little hard to work, moving the note up and down. Next time I'll get the kind I had before with the string controlling the note movement.
Beautiful but my takamine guitar has fallen out several times.. I have placed it well and has even fallen on others.
Manufactured with quality products. but sounds really low. Not what l expected.
It is OK for a practice amp. It is totally worthless for live performance, as there is no footswitch, and there is no reconciling the volume drop between clean and distort. The overdrive sound is good, but it is for personal enjoyment only, not meant for playing live.
2 of the strings broke as we attempted to put these on.
The speakers are good for informal use. If looking for professional grade speakers I suggest considering another product. These speakers carry a heavy bass, which makes it hard to discern the actual quality of the sound. These speakers are not ideal if seeking studio quality performance.
This system does the job like you'd expect. Downsides are that it is quite expensive because you have to buy new packs, and every time you refill, you throw away the old one so it adds garbage. I bought this and the Oasis system to compare, and the Oasis works just as well but you can refill it with regular water.
I've been using this bundle for about two months. My main concern with wireless was how quickly I might be going through the batteries. I game on my pc for about an hour a day and I haven't had to replace any batteries yet. I've noticed that the mouse idles after it goes a minute or two without use. The keyboard has an icon that'll light up when the battery is low. Those are nice features, but when the keyboard idles, it has a hard time catching up when you try to use it after it has idled. It either is slow to catch up or it just doesn't type and you have to wait a minute for it to realize you've been trying to type. It also came with a ridiculously big Spiderman mouse pad. It was free, but kind of felt like a throwaway item of theirs. Other than that, it's a decent keyboard and mouse if you're on a budget. It does have a cheap feel, but you get what you pay for.
For the price good deal
no adjustment to the picks and I found them to be too tight and I have smaller hands
Other than that, they feel nice to wear, and the ear pads are incredibly soft
Cork grease is cork grease. Time will tell if there are any long term problems with it.
It works OK for me at home, it is not a quality built item, no instructions you have to figure it out. There is a bit wobble on Knox stand both bottom and top tier. If i was gonna go on stage and do gigs I would not get this.
Purchased for a 7 year old, she absolutely loved it! Perfect gift for kids that love to sing.
The capo works fine, however, I believed I was getting a gold one (which would match the keys on my guitar. But it is black and I already have black capos.
The capo itself was pretty much as expected. Seems to be of decent quality, looks as much like real wood as it does in the pictures, and the spring is strong enough to provide good clamping force on my guitar neck even with my high action. No string buzz detected as yet. It remains to be seen how long the fake woodgrain lasts before the aluminum underneath begins to show through. But my disappointment with this item is actually in the picks. The listing specifically says "REAL ROSEWOOD PICKS INCLUDED" which played a big part in choosing this particular capo and pick set. But they're not wood they're metal, looks like copper or bronze. Not something I want to destroy my strings with. I'm not even sure they're meant to be actually used, they have holes at the top as if to used for a pendant or something. So, then the listing says "REAL ROSEWOOD PICKS INCLUDED" I was actually expecting them to be wood, as they appear in the pics in the listing. My bad, I suppose, for expecting something I found on the Internet to actually be true.
Bundle is missing the strap,and picks. Not what I paid for.
There good stands I would buy again but only problem I had was. They were uneven and I try to make the but it was just the way of the build
I bought this case for extra protection on the camera. Definitely protects it. It's cute, light weight. However, it doesn't take drops well... even on carpet. Dropped the case on accident and the front pumper dosent really attach at the top or bottom and was pushed into my glass screen protector and cause it to pop off in the corner.
I ordered the Black/Pink to go with my color scheme, but received the White/Pink so it's throwing everything off. Wild too since the White/Pink is about $2 more too. Besides that tho I've done a few tests and it doesn't really seem to make a difference at all in improving sound quality so meh. If you want it, it's cheap, but just be prepared to likely not get which color you ordered fam.
This is a great compact microphone, really perfect for those isolated environments. I only gave it three stars because the better one is the same price. Really, the user interface isn't easy to use or does it offer many options for enhancements. It was my first mic out of film school so I always go with what I trust. The best benefits are, it uses a micro sd card and can connect's to the computer by a special cable for use as a microphone.
It ok to use it, I like it
They are a little bit "tinny" they still suit my needs, but next time I will buy something else.
make sure you stretch your strings before you freak out about how it wont hold a tune
I had wanted some moving heads for a while now, and got these at a great price. However, these lights are very weak, and sketchy with controls. I DJ in small venues (ice House size bars, dance floors about 20 foot square), and these lights are barely visible. I was disappointed, and hope to let others know of the short comings so you won't be dissatisfied too. Trying to slave these lights is almost impossible, and the built in programs don't respond. Set to sound, and the lights barely respond if at all. I'm not saying to buy expensive lights, but do shop around. These particular lights are failures.
I ordered this karaoke microphone for a family Christmas party. I was concerned about the sound quality and wondered if it would deliver a loud enough sound to be heard in a group. Well it doesn't. You can't hear the music or the singer very well in large groups; it doesn't produce that much power to overcome a crowd of people. We had about 50-70 people at the party at my aunts home. However when my husband and I tested it out at our home (with just the two of us) we were able to hear music/voice from the karaoke microphone. It is still not the sound quality that I was hoping for. We are both musicians and considered using my professional microphone with an amp and pull up the songs on YouTube. This product is more on the toy level than a professional karaoke system. I have to admit we did have fun with it at home but the family was a little disappointed with the sound quality for our gathering.
its a cheap stand, you get what you pay. I forgot and was enticed by the price so I got 2. I wont get these again. Not disappointed but want something stronger for my better mics
You get what you pay for.
I hoped to have lightweight, mobile unit for practice with for my uke bass. It works but bass response not there.
If you're using a high-quality mic with some heft to it, you will constantly be struggling to keep this tripod balanced.
I bought two of these handles to replace two old handles on my briefcase. They looked fine in their package but on the back of both handles is white something (paint?) that I have not tried to remove. I would have returned them, but I needed them so I could use my briefcase. Otherwise, they are fine, dark brown handles that feel good in my hand. I hope they will last a good long time.
This is a TOY- small and cute it makes a party horn sound not a bugle type sound.
These are very quiet on our speakers. Don't mind the quality, but they're so quiet.
not super sticky but work ok for organizing cable messes
The base drum had a piece put on backwards and I have to return the original set to Amazon. I'll reorder and hopefully the piece will be correct the second time around.
Used these on Sony receiver, sounded great for a few minutes, then protect mode pops up. Only one speaker working. Bought last year and this was the first time hooking up. Very disappointed
This is an affordable option, especially for a first keyboard for younger students. However, the product didn't include the microphone, which was a big selling point in the first place. You're better off spending slightly more to get a sturdier, complete product.
Out of the box, the markings/labels are incorrect. My Katana 100 shipped with a set of stickers that you overlay onto the foot controller to have the correct labels. Otherwise, if you press on CH 1, the amp will go to CH 3. Fun times. If you don't know this in advance with Katana amps, you're likely to get frustrated quickly. There's no reason that Boss/Roland can't fix this at the manufacturing level.
It is Nice looking on the outside. However, I found a couple deformities on the outside of the case. The Lid is only secured on the right side, which makes the left side wobble when open. It does fit my Fender Strat. The inside portion that supports the neck is not very sturdy, and should be a little deeper in my opinion. Overall its OK. I will probably up grade later.
Any reviewers praising the weighting or feel of these keys must have mistakenly reviewed the wrong product; these keys feel as flimsy and bad as those of cheapest keyboards on the market. You pay more for less with this keyboard.
Plays great. However*** The smart pianist app which was advertised with this model threw and error code stating that this piano is not compatible. That was a large deciding factor for me to go with this model. Also 5 keys are scratched out of the box. This sits in my office window and the scratch is glaring at me all day long. Such an eye sore. I'm really upset considering how much I paid for this piano. 👎 Having trouble getting in touch with someone who can offer a solution.
It was shipped with a few scratches and one strung broke immediately after my Nephew played it for the first time :/. Had the strings replaced w better quality ones. I would recommend putting a new set of strings on as the original ones aren't great quality. Hence the 3 stars
I wanted to like these and I was really ecstatic when I received them. Being on a budget I was excited when I saw Stevie T do a fun review of these and I thought I finally found what I've been looking for. They look great and seem really high quality and I like how they fit on the guitar. However, did not perform to anywhere near my expectations (or the way they seem on YouTube review videos). There wasnt any noise or feedback at all which is awesome and the sound quality was pretty damn good but I could not get more than 5 feet away from my amp. Basically had to stand right next to the amp for the best sound and was even getting quite frequent drop outs standing next to it, which makes this useless. Also I play metal and my guitars have passive pickups, when I was palm muting I was getting drop outs constantly. I even turned off the wifi router and was acting the same way. So I cant even depend on these for simple band practice. I will be returning them and saving up some money to spend on a more high quality wireless system. I guess you get what you pay for.
I do recommend this for beginners but if you play at a more advanced level I recommend you goto a professional instrument shop to get a better mute. Oh well, you get what you paid for.
works better than the mic that came with my karaoke machine. makes good sound.
Smaller than I expected but looks to be okay quality for the price. I would not put a lot of pressure on the peg remover as it doesn't appear to be very strong. A good value though.
Nice beginner guitar for the price.
I love its construction and looks. was expecting a little more clean low end though.
Great product, wished price was lower
Bought for my 8 yr old son, so far he's loving it! Learning to play in the schools Uke Troop
Quality is lacking. But great price. You will have to wait quite a while to receive it. Overall a good value.
I have use the light in different situations. It's worked out well each time. For the light to be so small. It's very strong. Having the remote is a plus. My plan is to get another one
I like the size, that it clips on a belt or waistband. I wish that the volume control I set would remain fixed after I turned it off and turn it back on again. Unfortunately once you turn it off the volume level used it does not stick. When you turn it back on the volume is always at high
not enough noise maker
Great price. Screw holes slightly off but unnoticeable once it's on. It did come scratched so that may bother you. I figured it'll get scratched when playing anyway lol. Again you can't beat the price.
I was reading some reviews on whether or not this works with Blue Yeti mic, and even the description says it doesn't, but I got it anyway because my friends who own this say it's fine. I wasn't expecting much when I made my purchase, but turns out it's actually not that bad; the arm is lightweight but it gets sturdy after you mount it. I did have to tighten the screw at the top with a small wrench to hold the Yeti in position (right now I have it up diagonally). I haven't noticed any drooping but it's only been couple days and I've been moving it around, but overall I'm satisfied with this arm for the Yeti mic!
Probably not up to the professional quality of Stewmac luthier tools, but meet my DIY needs just fine.
Great keyboard works as listed. Quick shipping. .
The stick is smooth and kinda slick, and the tip seems to be sanded and glows way more than the stick, so I sanded the whole stick the same way, and they seem to work better.
Decent quality for what you pay, have since passed it on to a friend and is still working after the years.
It is perfect. Shipping was on time. No issues with it at all.
mic works just fine ,
Son likes it first time player.
Good pair of sticks, it's like a longer 2B
The material is smooth when touching it ! looks sturdy and beautiful ! The quality is decent . I Hope that clamp was a little bit better designed just to match the mount or something.. idk but overall it's a good item and i'm happy with it.
So far so good. My kids are enjoying this singing machine. Seems easy to use.
Works perfect. Honestly slightly tighter than even I prefer. But it's solid and it makes the keys stay in place. Not going anywhere. Most people think I'm carrying around a flute or something LOL.
Bag is durable and well padded. It's also big enough for most of my hardware. Some hardware may be too big for the bag without completely disassembling it. It can also get difficult to carry if there's too much in it, or if the sizes of the contents allow the bag to bend. If I upgrade, I will probably go with a longer bag/case with at least one hard side and with wheels.
Very nice sound, material and ukulele decorativo details. Only the tuner didn't work but everything else is very good.
Compact and included light was unexpected. Happy with purchase.
Thank you to the delivery people , your an awesome delivery person i appreciate you placing the packages where they wouldnt get wet again thank you
Sounds good to me, good range of overdrive sounds. Very quiet pedal, no background hum or buzz.
It is very nice looking and sounds great. Our daughter loves it and is teaching herself to play it.
Great product for the price
Great product. Works great, looks nice, and plays pretty well for the $.
This is an excellent price for strings especially for violin students.
Good but for the price
Works just fine the The XLR female adapter don't look strong enough I don't know how long will it last.
Beautiful, sounds okay.
I was almost ready to send this stand back during assembly when step 3 said "Extend the telescopic pole to the desired height." The silver telescopic pole would not budge no matter how hard I tried to pull it up, so I thought it was defective. However, I thought I'd have my husband try it before completely giving up. He couldn't budge it at first either, but then he stepped on the base with both feet while pulling up on the silver telescopic pole with one of those rubbery gripper things for opening jars. Finally he was able to pull it up. It moves up and down a bit more easily now, but is still extremely tight. (I know you don't want it too loose so it will stay where you put it, but it's tighter than on other similar music stands I used to use when I played in my high school band.) I think that either the pole should not be made so tight, or else the instructions should warn you that you may have to use extreme measures to get it to extend, so that you won't think it's immovable and defective. There is also an error on the first page of the instructions where the parts are identified -- oddly, they identify the picture of the base as the "connector", the picture of the telescopic pole as the "base", and the picture of the connector as the "telescopic pole". Somebody should have proofread the instructions! Once we got the stand assembled, I'm happy with it because I will be using it at a certain height and won't be moving it up and down very often.
I love having fun nights as a family. This microphone will provide that entertainment. The kids absolutely loved feeling like stars. It's a full size microphone with a speaker box attached. It's good weight and even toddlers could hold it just fine. We use the Bluetooth option and was easy to connect. Has fun lights on the sides that light up.
I bought this item for my wife as a Christmas gift. The unit was very easy to assemble, and sounds GREAT. The bench is very sturdy. The only problem I have experienced is that the headphones came broken. I hope the company will help me replace them. Otherwise we love it.
Looks and works great so far. The two middle screw holes didn't line up with my original tuners but it was no issue putting in new holes.
Overall we have loved this piano bench! It has survived my two little kids. A year later the only problem I have is one button is falling off. So sad.
Great! I love it, wish the bungee cord was easier to get back on the hooks when they slip. But seems to work well .
Works for my text books, and novel size paperback and hard backs.
Microphone has static noise when recording it's gotten worse over time other than that it's great
Although the microphone did not work with my equipment, when I reached out to the company they were helpful in solving the problem and issued a full refund.
It's good but I need a lot more for it to actually work well. Maybe do a larger amount for a value deal of sorts.
Good product. Needs more internal (padded) space for mouthpiece storage. Not big enough.
One of the biggest problems for these types of stands is that Bass mics are heavy and you are only allowed a limited range of positioning options for a kick drum mic so you need something that will be stable enough to hold up a bulky mic in awkward positions. This stand does a pretty good job of it with most bass mics positioned to record a kick drum.
Its a nice wall hanger, didnt expect much really for the price. Well made, very nice looking, sounds decent!
Works pretty well for being small! Battery life could be better.
The tone is very artificial, but this was for a kid. I'm just happy it has a headphone jack! Now all I have to listen to are clicks from the keys.
It looked nice hopefully my boyfriend enjoys learning on it
Good price, good fit. Provides moderate protection and makes the cajon easy to carry.
Got these to help diminish sound leaking from one bedroom to another in an apartment with paper thin walls. I think it's worked well. Just wish they could be a tad bit cheaper for thin foam panels.
It does the trick so no complains. very sturdy build.
The stand is a little difficult to assemble and you have to twist it to adjusted in height. But for the price it's a very good value and we're happy that we are able to make good use of it. Recommended if you don't have to fold it up and carry it around much
Great strings, but should be labled.
Mix a few of these budget pedals together and they don't sound half bad! I have a donner delay and a chorus pedal that were both no more than $30 each, and mixed with those two pedals I love the way these sound all together! Great for an ambient foundation for your tracks.
This is a nice stand, but mine had a few minor scuffs here and there. Kept it because it was fairly nice for the price.
I've had this microphone for six and a half years. It's never failed me in that entire time. The quality has been fantastic for gaming, voice communication both personal and business, and live streaming. Great for people wanting to ease into podcasting or other vocal productions. The only real downside is the size but a microphone arm or stand could potentially solve that if it's an issue for you. I did have issues with the rear port for the wire becoming loose. Unsure if it was my own mistake over the years or if it was just due to natural wear. It caused the wire to potentially fall out if moved too much.
Not intended for small children, do not microwave, for external use only
Sadly it didn't get rid of the line hum I've been experiencing in my guitar amp, but I may have been expecting too much considering the price and how much more other line conditioners in the Furman line go for. But all said it does help some and its quality of materials are a plus. The 15 foot power cord is really the true stand out, the length all power strips should be!
I bought this portable speaker system to connect to my Amazon Echo Dot. It has been exactly what I've been looking for. When the wife and I throw a party, we connect the Dot to the speaker system, choose our favorite party playlist and let the fun begin. The sound is pretty good, not the best, but it does the job.
Put it on my new guitar, sticks nice and helps with scratches.
I bought these tuning machines for my Takamine classical that had problems staying in tune . I replaced them yesterday with these upgrades . They are heavier and more substantial than the originals and they operate with a much smoother feel . Because they are new I have reserved the last star for a review after using them for a period of time . I like the look and fit so far and expect them to be exceptional . Some of the holes required some drilling of new holes , but it was no problem at all .
Yes, I found the guitar fret stickers very useful beginner
Love this product, plan on buying a Second one! Only thing to note is the music sound isn't quiet loud enough and gets drowned out by the mic volume. We simply play the music on another device when we want the music louder. Other than that, I highly recommend!
Solid headphones. My only gripe is that they fit strangely around the ears. It's a hassle setting them up.
very simple. works just fine.
It is a very sturdy stand that should last a long time. It works well when I sit in a chair or stand. It has a good range of heights. I thought the price was reasonable. It is not very portable but that works for me
inexpensive, good product
It was pretty simple to apply. But I messed up and removed 1 and I had not even applied any pressure. It took me awhile to remove and it left a sticky residue, being the OCD that I am it took me awhile to get it off.
My children really like this light for dancing
I like that this guitar looks,sounds and plays very well. I didn't like the placement of the strap snap location. To easy for the strap to pop off. Also the Turner is very hard to read.
I only give 4 stars because the system that holds the battery sucks. But it's great fun and sounds awesome.
works in tandem with the yamaha mouthpiece. nothing fancy about it, good yamaha quality.
Would have shot this item 5 stars straight across if they would have only put the 21 fret bar in the guitar.
I bought this for personal use for karaoke and music for parties also for a pa for singing and guitar. and I have afew karaoke and dj gigs in afew weeks. Just trying it out. I liked the price and they sound good to me. Alittle bit too much treble. But I turned the treble down sounds good. Pretty loud. I just got the sub today. One downside is it could be heavy to some. I lift alot so it's not bad to me but it might get annoying lugging it around. .i'm still playing with the mixer and speakers and sub. Haven't heard it in an more open area yet.
Good and sticky, got the job done.
This is a great way for a person with a normal speaking voice to amplify his or her voice for speeches or demonstrations before small groups. I, however, purchased this product to help my dad, who is losing his voice because of Parkinson's Disease. This product does help my dad communicate a bit easier, but because his voice is really weak on some days, he needs to talk with the microphone right up against his lips for us to hear him. I wish this product could do a better job amplifying my dad's whispers, but I must admit that this product does about as good a job for someone like my dad as you can ask.
This flute works pretty well. It takes a little getting used to because it does not sound like an orchestral flute, but it isn't hard. Of course, it only plays in D, as advertised, so just be ready for that when you buy it.
Did not receive the correct product. I got large sized windscreens and what I wanted want in stock however they have me a refund right away.
It fits ok. For the price, I expected better quality though.
I bought this stand for a Rav Drum and although it has some slight wobbling it's all together pretty sturdy. The heights is great for both sitting and standing. The rubber protects the metal shell of the drum from being scratch. I'd reccomend this to people with hand drums/rav drums/ hand pan ect
just a bit smaller then we expected but worth the money.. arrived ahead of schedule..
My son is enjoying them. Not bad quality for the price
Works well for music making
I ordered the wrong part number and had to send it back. Seller was fast with shipping and item is exactly as described. A+++
Work good hope they last as the quality does not compare to the others we have.
What I wanted this for didn't work out like I planned. There great guitar strings good sound and soft, but finger noise? Not much of a difference between them and others types.
bought for a gift....
I had lost a capo and needed a replacement so I reordered this Dunlop capo. The trigger capo has alway been quick to put in place and close to the right tension. But this one must have a beefed up spring as it was hard to put on and it pulled some of the strings out of tune. I will use it in situations where I can set it on my guitar, re-tune it and forget it. Maybe after using it a while it will limber up.
Pretty Good. Plastic. Stores easily because it collapses to a very compact size. A little loose when opened - but it does not affect the use. Works pretty well.
Sounds great. But, the stand and pedal is flimsy.
great for price easy to use
I am confused, their are three different sizes in the title! What is the size of the mouthpiece?
Does a good job for the price. Decent amount of padding. A bit fiddly to assemble, but once finished it is reasonably sturdy.
Not as bright as I would like them to be, but it works.
My child has been delighted. I can't say I enjoy hearing it, YET. But I love knowing that time is time not spent on the phone! Comes with a timer, and it's definitely worth the money.
The shape of some of it is off, but it works.
Not well finish, and has some scratches...but it can be repaired
Unpacking went very well with a surprise headset packing box which I liked very much. Coming to the headset make is a bit heavy but the quality and the usage feels good. I like the pull in wires for the ear plugs. That will reduce the havoc of hanging wires.
What's a good sound and song that I have played on this spectacular instrument since it arrived...I'd say it was a middle to low sounding blues/country song by Hank Williams Sr. Thanks!
Great for the price and to play around with.
Works good and does what I need it to do!
good quality set of picks
We have not figured out how to use it yet. I miss the karaoke machine where we put in a cd and played along. This one requires some hi-tech knowledge. So, buyer beware. Here, longing for the old days.
Arrived as shown. Plastic anchors and screws included are worthless. Installed with 1/8 X 2 molly bolts which work perfectly. Looks nice once installed and seem sturdy enough.
Pretty good for little kid or beginner
Too bad the TRS 1/4 inch jacks are not together on one side. I have to use an adapter to test short patch cables.
I like everything except not being able to control the color fade speed. Other than that this is a great product
Easy to assemble. Keys are heavy-weighted. Color is modern and the wood is very smooth. One star taken off was the packaging - it didn't protect the corners well so one chip came off... but it was at a not-so-obvious spot so we decided to keep the piano plus the awesome price. Otherwise it would have been a 5-Star product.
Great for tracking.. good balance of hi's and low's!
Bought it to check off bucket list item to build a guitar and learn to play it. Easily assembled. Sounds great to my admittedly tin ear. Highly recommend it.
Not the most comfortable unit but it connects to bluetooth fast and the sound is good.
Nice tuner. Has a url to install a free plug-in, but the web page doesn't work. Please update or fix, thanks.
An excellent keyboard stand as described. Extremely sturdy and I never fear that my keyboard will drop on me while playing. However, the assembly instructions were a little hard to follow but not impossible as there aren't many parts. Overall, the assembly took 30 minutes instead of the 10 after I figured it out. Definitely an affordable, worth-it investment for anyone that needs a keyboard stand.
I bought this as a present for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves it. It has a ton of settings for different instruments that you can save for each instrument you have. It tunes the guitar in less than 30 seconds. It's really accurate and also pretty cool. It doesn't tune as well if there's any other music or sound around, so you need to be in a quieter area.
Very good, would give 5 stars but arm broke at the base.
5 stars if the fret lines didnt irritate me when i slide my hands and fingers to use different chords. The fret lines were sharp and irritating in the sides of the ukelele and its not comfortable having you hand get caught from metal. Build quality is great, sounds very good nice packaging too!
We use it to announce when a customer's order is ready. Very clear sound. The downfall is the batteries. Either batteries do not recharge or the charger in system for batteries doesn't work. Had to order new batteries with a separate charger.
Low end is a little weak, but better than some Bluetooth headphones out there. Good weight. Comfortable and no problems with heavy sweat.
I am surprised to read others had a problem with the size. My little uke eats this guy for breakfast! I recently moved into an old apartment building. Radiators kill acoustic guitars and their ilk, so this should do the job. Yes, you can't remove the top. Not a biggie. Soak it in distilled water cut with an antibacterial/mold humidifier water treatment solution (any musician worth their weight in gold and who lives in a dry climate should own and run a humidifier, and have some kind of humidifier solution) Shake off the excess and dry. Store your uke in a case when you're not making beautiful music and you are good to go! ; )
Used on a custom guitar case. The metal parts are a little lightweight.
Good selection of acceptable tools. Shipped took so long I'd forgotten I'd ordered it.
This is really cool and brings a room to life. Only downside so far is, while it says RGB on the listing and the package, it only emits RG, no B.
For the price it works
BEYOND EXPECTATION , SOUND IS GREAT FOR A MIC IN THIS PRICE RANGE, CAN BE USE IN PRO APPLICATIONS , INTERVIEWS FOR TV ETC
This pedal board is made well and perfect for 5 pedals. The 9volt power supply is very noisy. I replaced it with a higher end supply and no noise.
It feels cheap, but works well and serves its purpose
Works with my Pixel 2 (using 3.5 mm to USB-C adapter), but not with my Windows 10 PC.
Great measurement description like one said. Pretty good value. Just thinner than what i was hoping/looking for but otherwise they fitted right in for my project build.
These are amazing overall. However if you have to have them on for a long time I do notice after a while they can get annoying. But the sound quality it amazing, I use them to edit videos, which requires syncing with sound and so forth and these are great. As I said only problem is having to wear them for a long period of time.
I'm sure this is a great mixer when you are not relying on the USB codec, your options then become very limited and the sound adjustments are muffled and muddy. Also the USB connector is flimsy, hard to tell if it's even in tightly and has disconnected on me before. But overall it's serving its purpose for me. I still like it and have not returned.
stand is too short for most practical applications - had to buy extension pole from another vendor to get to lights to reasonable height above performers - light mode remote sensor seem to get interference from other remote controllers.
The bridge pup ring was a little tall, but I can grind it to the height I need. Overall a good product. Then again it's a piece of polished metal. How bad can it be.
These worked perfect and stuck to concrete wall all night. It was a very hot evening in May in Florida.
Sounds good and fits my hand well!!!
These sound fairly nice, especially for the price, but I wouldn't want to wear them for extended periods of time.
Easy to setup, works fine on my Samsung Galaxy 9. Also tested on a Samsung Galaxy 6, but the latter was a bit laggy. Works with a number of apps, but Amplitube offers the best latency times. I use it almost exclusively for practice, so I can't speak about recording using phone apps.
serves for a cup or tin can. Don't expect it to hold much more then a then a tin can of soda 12 oz.
Pretty good poles! Sturdy and nice looking. Haven't had them long, however, I can tell these are quality mechanisms.
Don't usually write reviews but here it goes. Not sure I misunderstood. But I thought this product would come with a sound card as that is needed for it to be recognized on a computer. If you are looking for a simple usb microphone you can just plug and play this is not for you. But it will work.
Pretty good item works well for the use on my mxl v 67 microphone the construction is a little lacking so theres a strong need to be gentle when attaching it to the mic or you will bend up the mesh and instead of rubber bands I would prefer possibly velcro straps as a suggestion..just a thought
I like the pics. Especially for the price. Nice for beginners like myself.
They work much better than the stock one. The installation is a little tricky since they require 2 holes for each one but overall I am satisfied with them.
Great instrument, easy to tune. The stickers come in strips so it did take a bit of work with scissors and a razor blade to put them on, but other than that, its been going wonderfully. The Rubber Thumb covers feel a tad tight on my thumbs, but arent really necessary anyway, but I thought Id mention it. Even started growing out my thumb nails for strumming multiple keys at once! haha
I like the look and feel of this bag, which fits my Cordoba 15CM beautifully. Compared to the Road Runner gig bag I bought earlier, which cost twice as much and doesn't have as much padding, I would feel much more comfortable putting this gig bag in the overhead compartment of an airplane, or any other place it might get jostled about. I only had some very minor disappointments. 1. Size of the outer pocket In the picture, it looked like the outside pocket was larger (see how the top of the pocket in the seller's picture goes up to the middle of the handle, while in actuality, the top of the pocket sits just at the bottom of the handle) I was really hoping a Hal Leonard method book would fit in the pocket, but I knew that was a long shot, even if the pocket was the size in the seller's picture. I took a picture of the bag next to a method book for scale. This bag won't even hold the much smaller Hal Leonard Ukulele Chord Finder book, which my Road Runner gig bag can hold. (I also took a picture of the chord finder book peeking out of the pocket.) Still, it holds my accessories just fine. 2. Perhaps too much padding around the headstock? I'm a little worried about accidentally turning the tuning keys when I take my ukulele in and out of this bag. A minor annoyance, but might be worth it for the extra protection. 3. The zipper doesn't seem as durable as the one on my Road Runner bag, but it doesn't seem like a cheap zipper either. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase.
I'd buy a different wind, sorry I don't know what you call it....But the bowl is fantastic
My son and I both really enjoy this kit! I've used it several times and have no complaints thus far. I like the fact that I can export the sound to a PA for higher volumes if necessary.
The mic works perfectly and is crystal clear, however I had issues with the mic holder, and the customer service that comes with the microphone is so absolutely helpful that I am completely satisfied and happy with the product.
The fabric seems to be decent quality. The plastic parts feel quite cheap, but they have worked fine so far. Not really surprising as the price is low. Overall, pleased with the strap.
Very easy to assemble.
They lose tone quicker than I'd like, but they are worth the price.
works fine and it was cheap
Beautiful Ukulele, only thing was the box looked like it was opened prior, and resealed. Was missing the strap. I'm a beginner, so I wouldn't know the sound. Everything else was included. Tuner worked great.
I thought I could set it so it wouldn't blink but it's set for blinking only. I purchased it to use in paranormal investigating but since it flashes, it's not good for that sort of thing.
It blocks so much air it makes it hard to play.
Cool item but I don't get a lot of sound out of this frog. First looked at it I thought it was plastic but it is wood.
Compact power supply. Need adapter power cord not included. Nice backup for multiple effects pedals.
It helps a lot with colored XLR cables, to manage individual channels. Quality of the connector caps can be better
It was smaller than expected. The photo should have something to give an idea of its size. Besides its smallness, the sound quality is great.
When I opened the package, it was a wow moment. This thing looks beautiful. They really got the design details down. This worked great for my daughter's birthday party. My only complaint is that the sound could be a little louder.
This is solid. Just DO NOT over-tighten anything. It will break eventually. Just tighten stuff enough to keep it in place. I play out fairly often, and these last about 2 years. Less than that - if anything is over-tightened. I always order then same kind - so I can use pieces from one on another.
does its job with precision, but i have not tested it against any other scales, so i can't attest to its overall accuracy
Excellent sound from a very affordable instrument.
Just like the game I grew up with it, but lighter and smaller. It came from Walmart so I could have probably gotten it cheaper there.
Excellent quality, clean sound! Children like to play on Lyons Soprano.
These headphones are surprisingly sturdy, even after dropping the unit from desk-height and repeatedly running over the cord with my chair. The sound quality is good. However, wearing this for hours at a time starts to hurt my (somewhat large) ears.
I gave these a four because the black handles cover/padding slides off.
I bought this for my son, he loves it so much and he's making music. it beats booking studios.
Fast Service...Great Product
These are very sturdy and produce a good loud sound that can be heard over music.
Really love the keyboard , would give 5 starts but the headphones do not connect to the piano!
They're not as hard/stiff as the Fender heavy picks, but they shipped quickly and do the job.
definitely get what you pay for
Small fits in case .
It works. Provides power to my condenser mic, and allows me to record with no noticeable unwanted sounds. I knocked a star off because the XLR cable feels cheap, too light weight and a plastic-y sheath. The cable also didn't release easily from my mic (the female end). I've only used it a few times but nothing has broken yet. I have a little experience with sound equipment.
Love this guitar. Sound quality, action, and aesthetics are all great. I could use this at a gig, no problem. All knobs and electronics work perfectly. Glad I took the plunge and ordered online.
Classic cans, found in just about every studio and radio station. Not a lot of bottom end, but a durable workhorse.
good product, pretty clear as well. Barely picks up background noises. Overall good buy for the money.
Daughter loves it. Volume could be better
I like this led strip. Big leds and bright light. I used it behind my 2nd tv and its amazing. Good quality strip
I use this microphone for ASMR. I liked this mic because it worked very well, but on one video the sound went in and out, but my other videos were fine, but overall it was amazing!
The name Pure Boost might be a bit misleading, because if the gain is up this will introduce some clipping. However it will act as a clean boost and has some eq as well. It's a little quirky but more versatile than a straightforward boost pedal. I like the mini size but would like it better in the standard pedal size with full size knobs, especially the level knob.
Cute little bag I bought for my daughter to carry her music books in to piano lessons The fabric seems fairly heavy and good quality. I am a bit nervous about the piano keys peeling if I need to wash the bag, but only time will tell.
Great as a drum snake
Bought this for my electronic Piano. It has a great sound quality for the price. And everything is amazing, except for the wire, it is a little heavy for headphones and it is very annoying when you play piano.
Works fine for almost a year then one ear stop working. I would say this is ok for the price. Volume control is too small to be fined tuned, so I always set it to max and control with the phone.
got there in time, friend didn't use them !
Pretty good! I use to DJ. Could be a little louder but overall Good buy 👌
Didn't know what to expect but it works very well. Be sure to pair when the light is OFF.
10yr old loves it. She needed it for music class. Only complaint is the learning book it not a help. It's just a piece of paper
Very suprising strings. They're not amazing or anything, but man are they loud. Can't beat the price. And the tone is honestly not that bad if you're looking for a quick cheap set of strings. Worked well taking my parlor guitar out for some small outdoor gigs in a pinch.
Good little product. But, better instructions would be nice. Seems to work, according to my ears anyway.
Nice portable desktop rack stand for travel. Much more sturdy than it looks.
Beautiful prints and material. Becomes very uncomfortable after a short time. Felt like it was digging in my neck. Like wearing fancy heels.
The straight edge worked great. Between the two scales, it fits all of my guitars. The edges are a bit sharp, I plan on filing them a bit. But, it works great.
This keyboard delivers exactly what it sets out to, and not much more You have the keys with... Not the best springs, but I can tell they're not just bending a thin bit of plastic. They have pressure sensitivity, and work with everything Better keys, more knowledge about how much the keyboard has been shifted, a MIDI in and out, and the ability to increase the split between the sides of the keyboard would have been really nice, but it's $30
This is a decent fog machine for the money. It does put out lots of fog but the fog doesn't seem to come out in a steady stream but throughout the whole machine. It is a lot quieter then the cheaper one I bought at Walmart . This is definitely a lot better quality then others I have purchased.
Quality is ok, but it does what it says.
I have two sets of these and really like them. I play bass and keyboards so sometimes I need to let my bass hang behind me to play keys and I've never doubted these locks to hold it up. The only thing to watch for is sometimes the pull-pin will get loose and needs to be checked and finger-tightened periodically.
Ordered this for my daughter to practice piano. The exterior is plastic with a wood grain look. Has a clear plastic cover that is removable. Mechanically works as expected, and is easy to use. It does have a bell that dings rather than just the typical ticking sound, if anyone else is in the room that could become annoying to them. Other than that it is well made and value for the price.
Great gift,but would not recommend playing with them.
Head jack might not be working
Great sound quality. I do notice that these headphones have a hard time with my iPhone and corresponding 1/8" to lighting adapter. The sound seems to be underpowered and a bit choppy. When used with my MacBook pro, it sounds amazing. While creating EDM style music on logic pro x they perform flawlessly. These are definitely your studio headphones that live on the rack. I highly recommend these headphones when looking for a decent pair of studio quality headphones. Just make sure your devices provide adequate power to them and you will head every deep bass and high tone!
It's small and compact. Easy to use and set up. But does not have the sound quality that I'm used to having from a more robust mixer.
Very cool. Glows in dark as long in bright light for 4-6 hours. Glow lasts a few hours. Since it's plastic, tone is ok. Great for beach & camping. Bridge a bit high, making it a bit difficult to depress strings. Not sure if it can be altered as other saddles can be.
just like advertised. Good price
This is a great mixer with a lot of value built in. The unit does everything I need and it fits in the compact space I need. Only drawback I see is that there is no power button. So that means I need to either unplug or turn off a surge protector when I'm not using the item. This is definitely a negative.
USB mike setup was easy on Win 10. But sound is low, but useable. According to the web, Microsoft knows about this USB mike issue on Win10 and hopefully this will be fixed in future updates.
works great and easy to use. I like the metronome feature as well. Not the most accurate or stable tuner but for practice or stage it works fine.
The remote for this light is very complex, however one can do a multitude of adjustments/colors from using it. I like that aspect of it. Thanks
excellent quality, comfortable grip, nice and distinct sound, looks nice
These worked great. The brass base is a little thin but didn't seem to effect performance
So far my 16 year old is loving this. Just need headphones so we don't hear him banging away all night
My 7 year old son has been using it for 3 months, he just started taking piano lessons. He loves all the sound/rhythm options, which he tries out for fun & also incorporates when he practices for his lessons. My only concern is that the keyboard sits a bit too loosely on the the stand (I didn't find any attachments) and the height adjustment clip for the stand becomes undone a bit too easily (when a wiggly 7 year old uses it).
It's great, down side is seems like the speaker isn't as loud as I expected other wise it's good
!Good Guitar strings for the price.Would recommend it!
For the price it is great it is definitely loud enough for jammin with friends and never had the Volume past 60% and it was plenty loud enough with the drummer. And my drummer is a very heavy hitter
I'm New to the instrument so all I can say at this point is that it seems to be a quality peace for the price.
very good, quality guitar for a beginning student
Guitar strap was already ripping when received. Overall, great starter guitar pack for the price.
Nice for price. Plays well.
So far works well, winter is here soo we will see how they fair through dry season.
Very nice tool for the money
I use these lights on a lighting tree and they work great. My only gripe is that one of them is a bit testy when turning it on and will not work properly many times unless it is turned on facing right side up. This might seem insignificant to some, but when you mount these upside down it becomes a bit of an issue. All-in-all I like the lights though. They provide a great wash and the movement helps create a little bit of excitement on the Dance Floor.
Just what I needed for my karaoke system. Just do not place the device near other electronics that emit interference as it may cause interference. I love the fact that there is a music input and a sound output because it allowed me to make my home theater system simpler by removing a mixer. Sound quality is decent, and the mixer allowed me to expand my control of my microphones. Thanks Fifine for making my sound system sound better.
Great item. Everything fits together 99% perfect. That small difference does not effect the stability from what I have observed. Currently holding my Furman power conditioner at the top most position without any balance/stability issues.
Well made for the price. This is a large instrument and may not be suitable for younger people. Package is great for the price.
As a violin, I'd probably give it 3 stars. It's okay. It does the job. It's tone quality isn't very pleasant. It stays in tune for a few days at a time. Overall it's just ok. But I gave it an extra star because I paid $47 for it. Someone please tell me where you can buy a decently playable beginner violin for under 50 bucks. So while the violin itself is just OK, the VALUE is INCREDIBLE. So that's why it got the 4th star.
Good sound hole cover Fits my washburn want fit my Yamaha
Love them only problems is my wife doesn't like me playing them
Amazing product and amazing price! I like to run outside, and I've owned several wireless and wired headphones over the years. These headphones are by far the best headphones I've ever bought. The sound is better than some very expensive ear buds that I purchased a few years ago.
I got this for backyard parties. Great multicolored strobe. It's adjustable and can flash to the beat of the music.
Other than it being a little plasticy and flimsy, the device worked awesome. Bright lights and the patterns are cool. I had put different flower baskets and vases on top of them to hide the unit and it made the flower pots look like floating UFO's. Very cool and they worked nice. Also, a strange buzzing noise comes from the unit, it doesn't lessen the operation, just made me cautious when first powered up.
Good texture grip. Very durable. I lose more than I wear out. Haven't broken one yet.
Not really an audiophile so I can't give an accurate review on sound quality, I have nothing to compare it too. What I will say is I got a lot of speaker wire for a fair price. It was easy to work with and the actual copper wire stayed intact when I went to attach it. Only negative it was a little difficult to split the negative and positive wires apart, but having the red an black markings was a nice addition. I would recommend this for anyone who needs to connect some speakers.
sounds clear, wish volume controls were by each other. i think eq's need optical inputs and outputs
Worked great. Fit better than expected
My lowest rating was for the materials. It was hard to only give a 3 because it's not bad. The worst part of this stand is the center post and the flip lock that holds it in place. If you put any weight on holding the mike you can expect the center pole to work its way to the floor. There is no protection if you happen to be on a wood floor. There are easy fixes to make this work but I noticed the Amazon basics stand looked identical but had a screw to hold the pole in place. It is very light weight but sturdy at the same time. You would not normally "lean" on a mike stand of this type so this is probably not an issue for most. Other than that one flaw I like the way the stand looks. It folds up really small which is really great. A small bag would have been a great touch but with the prices of mike stands already, most are costly. So for the money. If my one problem does not affect you then this is a great looking and very usable stand. I hope that helps.
Seems a little front heavy once in the clip with the dead cat windscreen on. Ultimately it's the best mic for the price and size for vlogging etc.
I have used this for two years now and it still works great. I did have to replace the headset microphone, but those are pretty cheap to replace.
This attachment is awesome. The adapter raises the possibility of the Headphones. Audio sounds great coming from the adapter, but the volume is not as loud as it is wired. One big con is their is some type of sound that the adapter makes. It sounds like there is a bit of frequency. Another con of the adapter is the price. The way the buttons click and the adapter feel is not what you would expect from something that cost $50. If this product was between $30-40 it would be fair. Another con is the batter life is on the short range. It is not terrible but if it could last 2hrs longer it would be perfect.
Works great, good purchase to protect instruments
My niece loves it! This is her first year in band in middle school, and it's perfect for her.
Lots of comfort when playing my 10.25 pound bass for long practices and shows.
I am learning bass guitar and I have the standard Squier by Fender model guitar. I wasnt expecting much from this stand but its compact and seems sturdy and holds the guitar fine. It stays in one room for now, its perfect if you need a stand to hold the instrument inbetween practice sessions.
sounds great. nice addition to my drum percussion
The Vic Firth stick holder is very well made. It's not going to fall apart any time soon. it also fit my drum rack. The only downside is its capacity is two pair of sticks, if you consider that a downside. overall, this is a well constructed stick holder that will last you a long time.
As a beginner in playing the violin, this is what I needed.
Good very good! I like it very much!
Been through a few and this is the best one yet. Feels like high quality but I fear to drop it.
Its a nice guitar, light yet big enough
Sound amazing! Seem to last longer due to the nano coating.
Very well made, nice clean look, very light weight,great price, got here fast
Bought for a grands kareoke party and they worked perfectly for what we needed. Very bright and 2 was plenty
Good quality product
My husband makes a Halloween trail every year and we are always looking for something new to make it more exciting for the little kids! These lights light up the trees in the ground and make it look really small gam my husband makes a Halloween trail every year and we are always looking for something new to make it more exciting for the little kids! These lights light up the trees in the ground and make it look really Spooky!
It was very easy to put on the wall as it came with the screws and dry wall anchors, and works well for my ukulele. The materials do feel a bit cheap, but it holds up well.
Such a great little tuner! I really love the fact that you can tune based on capo positioning. Such a tight fit on the head :)
My son loved it for his keyboard.
Great audio quality for the price!
This is an awesome uke stand! I teach public school and have to keep mine separate from the rest of the class, this holds it perfectly and it's very sturdy. Don't hesitate to purchase!
These are great, and my Fender picks fit right inside.
Great quality and size. Perfect
Easy to put together, sturdy , works well for my keyboard
As advertised. Quick shipping. Great product. Great seller.
For years, I've wished that DeOxit had a built-in straw - my wish has come true! This makes this product flawless. Use it on anything electrical that's being disagreeable - bad switches, corroded wiring points, scratchy volume pots. You name it!
These are great. I got them to use with a friend to record a podcast. We were starting out for the first time and wanted something cheaper but that would produce good quality. These gave us more quality than I expected. Length of chords is good for sitting apart a table.
A little hard to adjust. But works as expected
The price is very reasonable, my son and I really like playing this keyboard, we have lots fun of it. The quality is very good, too.
Bought this for my 2 year old whose obsessed with music and singing!! He loves it! It gets pretty loud but has very good sound to it! Bluetooth connection works perfect! Would highly recommend !
Cable assembly well constructed. needed to feed a camera for facebook streaming with a single audio output channel. Connectors were solid and made good connection. No wiggling to make good contact needed. Well done!
Great purchase for my 5 year old
When I saw these colored mic cords in a set of 6 different colors I knew they would be an excellent addition to my stage setups. Previously I used colored electrical tape but this makes the identification of which cord goes where immediate. Beyond that the quality of the sound and the fit of the plugs is superb. Excellent choice going with the 25' length too. Great for almost every show.
Easy to use mic for phone/pc/laptop. Great if you just need a small mic and don't want to spend a lot of money. Works well. Comes with velvet carrying bag. *disclaimer: I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review*
Worked as advertised. Not much else to comment on.
Great item little speaker that pack a punch. Really good sound quality, easy to connect to Bluetooth and has the aux cord option also, Micro SD slot so you can add your own music. Charging is simple red light need a charge no light fully charged. Well worth the money. You will not be disappointed with this purchase. Comes with a clip, USB charging cord, aux cord.
Does what its supposed to do!!!
Good build quality, good sound quality. The actual sound quality is perfect, you could spend well over the price of this microphone for the same quality. Would recommend to anyone!
I use this device on my acoustic electric guitar for jamming with other musicians and performances. Binds easily and quickly and sounds great. I ordered a second for my electric guitar. Excellent price.
Awesome. Works and sounds amazing. Like most reviews it does have a loud fan but not noticable when the band is playing. I only wish I would have gotton the 14 channel model
Does what it's supposed to do no issues
Has great sound quality. Also very cute for studio monitors.
This stand comes it handy when I want to use my wind screen for when I'm recording vocals on my mic. The metal frame and legs are real thick. It's unlike any stand I've ever had since it has a pole in lock to hold the height but there's multiple holes so it's easy to find a height that works for me and easy to interchange and it can go pretty low to pretty high. Capped footing so it's floor safe too! It's very strong and keeps everything centered and supported.
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. She's gonna love it, her mom not so much. I've been playing it all day and every time it summons my cat. Even he loves it! It plays great and is easy to clean.
Highly recommended. Very durable. My fiddle fits perfectly.
Nice solid case that will protect my Little Black Martin from getting broken while I travel.
Amazing sound way better than expected.
Bought this for a colleague and she really liked it.
Came exactly as expected. Thanks!
This was a present for my wife and she loves it.
Works amazing. Great quality for a great price. Great for karaoke or I think would work for church or band too. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
Ive been using this thing for gaming and its awesome. the clarity is great and everything works as it should. it fit perfectly with my V-MODA headphones. the only problem was that i cant hear myself when i talk to my friends when gaming online. but thats not the products fault. since V-MODA is not a gaming headset, there is no internal amp to send back the feed of your voice to your headphones when youre talking. therefore sometimes i feel like i'm yelling to hear myself through the headset. which means i'm also yelling at my friends lol. just gotta get used to talking without hearing yourself. AGAIN, this isnt a gaming headset, so it was to be expected. other than that, the mic and all works great
These fit the Schecter and LTD guitar toggle switches at 3.5mm threaded tips. Gibson Les Paul players should NOT buy these, you'll be upset.
These microphones are very high quality! We use them for events at our religious facility and find the quality of this very helpful.
Nice capo that is easy to use.
Great product and arrived in great condition. The price was excellent also.
Love it. Very good quality of the keys, knob, pads, pitch and modulation. The material is amazing, very solid and the painting is nice. I recommend it to 100%. Compatible with FL Studio 20 ❤️
Well made I bought 2 for kids Christmas gifts. Both a boy and girl and loved them
So, so good. Why pay more?
These are great for hanging almost any stringed instrument. The adjustable pegs allow easy hanging for any type of guitar neck/head. Quality was better than expected for the price.
Perfect clean power for lots of pedals! Donner has been really impressive lately for the amount of value vs quality.
My husband uses it and loves it.
I bought this as a gift to one od my employees, and she loves it. It sounds just as beautiful as it looks.
Product is wonderful! It took a couple of weeks to ship to me. It showed up as a "prime" item with 2-day shipping.
Everything was perfect really good set for a good price
Beautiful maracas, the kids use them in Sunday school class.
Wonderful! My students love the variety of colors!
I love those! I'm using them on stage now for three weeks. The capos fit exactly the description and appearance in the Amazon listing. I'm using them on my Takamine right now. Mostly both at the same time to change keys quicker. The cushioning is great, not buzzing or ringing. I'm happy with this purchase. I give it 5 stars because quality and price are great!
Easy to use with good clamping strength. No fret buzz
My daughter like it she love singing
Received this product very quickly and in perfect, new condition. Works perfectly with our ancient keyboard, and the long, flexible cord allows my daughter to move the keyboard around her room with ease
I got this because I wanted to a new instrument that is quiet enough for an apartment. It's great and I'm learning little by little. This also comes with a cloth to clean it with as well as a mallet to correct the key if it's wrong.
I will update this as I use the cables but at first glance, they look really nice and appear to be of good quality. I have had the same 25' lifetime guaranteed cables for 30 years but wanted something shorter. I liked the tweed covered cables because they do not appear to tangle as much as regular rubber cables. These got great reviews so i figured I would give them a try. I like that they came with velcro ties to secure them when not in use. My one critique is that I wish that the ties were designed to stay on the cable when unsecured. This is a not a big issue. One just needs to remember to wrap the tie around the cable after releasing it.
Everything was awesome.
Perfect for practice spot
Product as described. Excellent seller
Comfortable, nice looking and sturdy strap. Very pleased
Awesome amplifier for stage performances.
works on all instruments tried
Well designed gig bag. Like the green color too.Good zippers and room for your stuff.
This is a beautiful guitar and they package it very well. I bought the Yamaha classic first and it came damaged from the seller (not Amazon's doing). I'd honestly say this guitar is more beautiful than the Yamaha classic. My daughter will be very pleased. Thank you, Hola!!
I purchased this Mic stand to be used as a digital music stand and it is perfect! Prior to this purchase, I was using a traditional music stand and the Manos Universal Tablet holder on a side arm attached to that stand. It took up so much space and we have to play in some tight spots at times. This stand is perfect. The base is substantial....I never worry about it tipping over. It also has a much smaller footprint than my traditional stand. Adjusts very easily. It was very easy to assemble (and take apart if need be). The Manos Universal Tablet holder fits perfectly on top (where the mic holder goes). Not as portable as my traditional stand, but it's doable.I added a holder for my phone and it is complete. Very pleased with this purchase.
Great quality at a great price!
This is indeed the best customer service I have ever received, and their responses are really quick. Nice product as well. Highly recommended!
I have bought two of these, awesome price, sturdy, and love that my daughter and niece can fold and store it, so it's not taking up much space
I was really worried about buying this just because I was buying it as a Christmas present for my boyfriend. It arrived on time and I checked it to make sure it wasn't broken and that everything was there and I was so happy that it was fine. He absolutely loved it and plays what he can. I don't know much about it being tuned but it plays well and sounds accurate for the songs and the color is similar to that of the game. It came with a little bag that can be attached to a belt and keeps it safe. Over all this is the perfect one to get if you want to buy a replica of the Ocarina.
Works great on my electric guitars. Bought the Chrome one also as it seems to work better on my acoustic guitars. These are the best capos made as you adjust the tension perfect for your guitar.
This Sub is super active... I never regret purchasing it.
Best mic stand tray ever! It holds my shaker, cowbell, drum stick, phone, throat lozenges and a good sized beverage. Very sturdy!
I purchased this microphone for my father in law and he's in love with it.The microphone is easy to use and gives an amazing sound quality.it's like a Live concert every night!
Good quality for the price!
For what u pay, u would think u would get more! But it does a great job, like it!
This is nice little unit adjusts to all my guitars acoustic/electric and holds guitars sturdy and if adjusted properly is very stable. Gonna buy few more.
Clear sound, beautiful design and quality product. Using to karaoke.
Works fantastic when you have at least 4
Very pleased with purchase great value and very good beginners choice
This really is a cool item for the price. You can connect to a phone through Bluetooth and play songs through it then it has a button to eliminate almost all of the words if wanted.
This worked as advertised. Being belt-driven I am hoping the pitch is close to correct being an opera singer It would be nice if 1byone made a direct drive turntable.
Remodeled recently and used this to cover 50 inch upright. Worked well and looks great. High quality fabric and made well! Excellent!!
Very nice, can't wait to donate at my neices daycare. This will be a nice addition to their musical instruments. Not everyone wants to play the triangle. Lol lightweight but durable to take kids abuse.
Great Product, works well.
This stand is great! Its build quality is excellent, it feels very sturdy. I plan on using it to perform live music and I plan on placing my laptop on it and I completely trust that my equipment will be safe using this stand on stage. Im very happy I chose this product.
Really cool, secure, and dourable design, love it!
My apartment is so small, i don't really have a cute place to place my guitar. If i had a house with a nice corner, i would easily place it there.. since i have no room,I have decided to hang it up nicely on my wall. This mount is pretty nice, very sturdy and i feel safe hanging my expensive guitar off of it. It was pretty easy to install, just need a few screws and a screwdriver.
They were easy to use and the sound was very good quality
Excellent price most other music shops or online stores charge $1-$2 extra. A good buy
Good product, Thanks!
I just received this today and so far it's great. It charged quickly and is small enough to be unobtrusive when attached to my strat. It's loud enough for noodling around and the built in effects are fine for this application. If the battery life is good then it's a fantastic product for use as intended. Now I can sit in front of the TV with my guitar and practice, much to the dismay of my wife!
great product and 24 hour shipping, you can't go wrong.
I have purchased another item and I have insured with this company, they are always responsible.
This is the best one I've ever seen ,pure white color is more beautiful than gray for which I've bought before .quality is more better,seems durable.
I bought this for Irish whistles and it works great
Wow! What a fine product! I love everything about it!
My daughter is using it.. She has no complaint yet..great product
I bought two more of these at the price they are out there being discontinued by Chauvet which is sad. I now have four of them and I use them for our band has backlighting and to dj with
Very nice! Love how it looks on my black strat
No list for all name items but satisfied with delivery and items
We purchased 2 and we use them at church and we are in love with the quality, the price and the sound.
Cute. Works well. I purchased this to hang in my son's room for a laser light show.
These are GREAT for the tiny size that they are. We placed the four facing up towards the ceiling of a white tent at a 70's themed party. They added tons of fun to our party!
Easy to use and fun.
This product is lightweight and you can strap it on to your side and it loud and clear audio. Perfect for hosting a party. Used it on my nephew's birthday party. Cordless! That prevents you from tangling or tripping over it !,
Worked fantastic to use for my daughter's outside wedding. Produced terrific sound and range for about 200 people attending. No static. Was used for 2 speakers that were connected with an aux cable
The light was used in a haunted hotel for for the Historic Occidental Hotel. The hotel's museum puts on a haunted tour every year of what haunts it. The compact size was really nice, it helped for hiding it out of sight. It was a good price, packaging was good and the light is an overall great value.
I love that it has the note location on the staff and the sharp and flat that is near it! Students loved them. No more excuses!!
Arrived earlier than expected, well packaged. Beautiful! Great instrument for the price.
excellent, charges quick, seems to work great
Looks good and fits well once adjusted.
I love this Mic for recording rap and pop vocals, but be extremely careful on how your using it with your home studio setup. Its almost to sensitive. You can literally hear birds chirping outside and the sound of the air circulating in the room. Can be a good thing or a bad thing, as long as you make sure you plan ahead and make the correct setting adjustments and use a high pass filter. Some great plug ins that can help with that as well. Also, make sure this is the right mic for you in terms of the type of vocals you plan on recording. I use it for pop and rap vocals, which to me sound great, but others have advised against.
Excellent product great quality
BEST GUITAR TUNING BIT OUT THERE, simple enough. The rubber finish will not damage your precious instrument and the design allows for any kind of guitar tuning peg to work with it.
Easy to use and sounds great. Really amplifies sound to be crisp and clear. Glad I purchased.
I thought I was getting a typical $100 range IEM. What I got was a driver that rivals anything I've heard in its class (and higher), and I've heard a lot of 'em. This s not a V-shaped IEM, no the midrange are just as strong as the highs and lows. I guess its I-shaped ;). Whatever, its just a really impressive sound. More mids than I've ever heard from an IEM, seriously. Nicely constructed, GREAT fit. Good price and very large sound. Sennheiser strikes again!
I love this product. My daughter is very excited every time she is using it.
Yet another highly overpriced Rode product that does what it does and thankfully does it well. While nothing says you have to have this... it's convenient.
Now just have to learn to play it !!! Great quality for the money .
My son and I spent a couple of hours in a nearby Guitar Center trying out a wide range of acoustic guitars. Neither of us are experts, but this model stood out to us as having a very warm, rich, and deep tone--many of the others were bright and thin in comparison, even ones with prices in the thousands. Of course, Guitar Center had only the display model, was considerably more expensive, and couldn't get a new one for a couple of weeks, so we opted to go the Amazon route and have been very pleased with it. It looks and sounds excellent.
My daughter loved them!
I use to stream so I got this for my streaming set up. But I use it all the time. I have kids so at night when I'm playing games it's nice to be able to hear everything around me in case they get up or need something. You can listen to yourself while using it if you put your headset in through the mic. I use beats so it's hard to hear around me while gaming. This might not be a very common use for this mic but it's a plus if you end up not using it for what you wanted to, lol. But I do make some video's for YouTube and of course it's amazing for recording. Being able to hear yourself while recording is also a huge plus.
Excellent cord. Build quality and sound are exceptional.
Company was very gracious in helping me with issues!
After having a stroke, my dad never regained the strength of his voice, which made talking to others very difficult. We decided to try this since is was pretty affordable. AND IT WORKED! My dad is thrilled to have a simple way to help others hear him again. We are thrilled too.
These felt better than others; didn't hurt my fingers
I purchased the keyboard and stand as a Christmas gift for a friend of my granddaughter. It was great fun and they had a hard time keeping me away from it. I might purchase one for myself some day.
These were the best headphones for the price. I have had no issues so far. Tones were perfect for gaming with a bit of kick from the bass. Honestly sounds better than any other headphones I tried that were 3-4 times the price. They are very confortable for prolonged usage day to day.
Very retro style, perfect to my guitar, very nice product.
Great product: doesn't feel cheap, even if it is made from plastic, very easy settings, supports all possible functionality that you might need from metronome.
My room feels like a proper production studio, and the echo is reduced in my broadcasts. Win win I say.
I used it for my YouTube channel, it doesn't appear in the video but in my opinion these are very professional. The recording quality is very good, you will not do anything wrong for this price.
Bought these for my boyfriend and he says they are great. He didn't expect them to be so nice for the low price but he was impressed. No more messing with cords!
I just received this a couple days ago and put a full charge on it. Using it today, I found the light a perfect level(s) for both daytime assistance and nighttime illumination. No glare, no eye strain; easy to direct to best angle to light the sheet music., I find it to be perfect. I haven't used it long enough to say how battery life and durability will be, but based on the construction and what I do know from limited-use, I trust it will be long-lasting and durable.
I was looking for a cello replacement for my son to practice better. In my small town there isn't really anywhere to go shop around for one. I came accross this cello while looking on amazon. I decided to give it a try. My son absolutely loves it. There is no more sliding, and it connects perfect.
Brought this for my son he loves it
I have plug molds (i.e. really long permanently installed power strips) throughout the house. Some of them are in confined spaces, so it would often help to turn the outlets on their sides. This would seem to be an easy problem to solve. After all, there are tons of 3rd party power cubes that have outlets on the sides. But it turns out, all of them are to the left/right, whereas I need front/back. This product is the *only* one that I found that has the correct orientation for me. I was initially put off by the price, as the product looked cheaply made in the product pictures. But when I received it, I was positively impressed. This is a very well-made and sturdy product. The price is still high, but I don't feel bad about my purchase. In fact, I bought several. And turns out, it works 100% perfectly for my application. I am extremely pleased to have found this very special-purpose little adapter.
Heavy duty stand. The upper bars are bit too long for my keyboard, so the are sticking out, but it is not a big problem, would be nice if it is adjustable though.
More than expected Great product
These are amazing cymbals for the price! The tone is clear and the vibration is lingering. Thumbs up!
This stuff rocks. I did an inadvisable maneuver. My violin came with a cheesy shellac finish and I used steel wool to grind it off. I was left with a violin which sounds much better, but had a dull nasty look. I used Hill Violin Cleaner and Polish on it and it restored a very nice satiny finish. I am very pleased. Six stars!
Love these ear buds. They are really good headphones. I got these for work and they work amazing. I also like that they are red. Good buy.
I am a fan. It is small and compact and the middle bar that moves is a solid design. I use 3 standard size pedals and 4 smaller Donner pedals that fit conveniently. If you use more than 8 pedals or have oversized pedals I would recommend a bigger board. My only extremely small complaint would be that my package was missing one strip of the velcro. Overall this is a great buy for the price.
Easy to use with pen, pencil, or thin-line Sharpie. I'm using them far more than I thought I would to put at the top of music I want to play. These are great if you're using "chord hacks" and can't remember the shortcuts.
Awesome ... lots of fun. Comes with an instruction/music book to help you learn.
For a 1st year sax player, that's amazing! Recommended!
Exactly what I needed
Great gift for my wife who plays piano and always has one hand up to manage the pages. Works great
great quality and super great deal - especially with the color variety of the picks! definitely recommend
Perfectly fits my sons Yamaha guitar n his music books, has lot more storage. Durable too.
I want/need more of these! Great product that works great!
Bought this for my nephew and he loved it. Made of good quality leather.
wow, suprised how good this arm actually is considering how inexpensive it is
Works on my Boss pedals
Perfect size for my 5 and a half year old who is 3 and a half feet tall. A bit wobbly by itself but fine when you sit down on it.
Great pedal for the guitar. The buttons are a little too small, but once you have a sound set it's no big deal.
It is a very light stand, but seems well made.
Works better than expected. They can transmit over a good distance without issue.
I like this one better than others because it is solid but basic. I teach piano, and my other digital one does 3/4 and 3/4 time and so on. But I like this better because just the straight beat is easier to catch, in my opinion. Nice solid sound quality that you can hear well because it contrasts with the music. Simple design. Any 5-year old could figure it out.
Used on my 50s wire job on my les paul .works excellent better than the cheep stock wire by far
First, it came a day early so that's a good thing already. Second, my son loves it. It sounds great.
Great strap locks and $10.00 cheaper than Guitar Center
Easy to install. And it works/sounds better than stock. Installed in an Epiphone Gibson Les Paul special.
Same size and taper as the original pegs in my Lil' Martin. Can't really say they sound better, but they certainly sound no worse than the stock pegs did. I first bought another brass set from Amazon that said they fit Martin and Taylor etc., but they were way to small. These fit and worked perfectly and seem to me as well made as any good name brand peg, only cost less.
The sound quality of this microphone is very good, compatible with my iphone 6s, I practice reading aloud, tell the story to the children, very good！
Amazing product for the price. Wonderful sound clear vocals and robust bass.
Works well, looks great in my studio
just as described. good quality
The product comes in a nice box. IT SEEMS TO BE OF GOOD QUALITY. i HAVE NOT TRIED THE PICKS YET. :-)
This is perfect for practicing anywhere that noise level is a concern. It's great for jamming on the porch or in the house. It's exactly what my son needed to mess around without having to drag out the amp.
My kids love any kind of light, so I thought these would be fun for them. There are a couple different color option's. We didn't know it until we were messing around with them for a bit, but they are sound sensitive, the color's will change with sound or dance with the bass of music. Very neat little lights. And best if all they are rechargeable!!
Great sound and value for the money
These were easy to install and worked great. For those who had the head break off the screw when installing, i expect that the hole drilled for the screw was too small and hence too tight requiring too much torque on the screw head.
Makes it very easy to step on button with bare feet. Colors are helpful too.
Ideal final touches on my Strat upgrade and paint project, I've been working on! Fit perfectly, look stunning and were necessary to look complete!
Fits my V perfect... Great case for 30$ !Carry it by hand or back pack too
good quality bench...Nice thick cushion for my fat ass.
These are sounds wonderful. A good range. Similar to Shure brand... and it looks same too.
This amp is truly awesome. Great punch for something this size and the effects are great as well. As you can imagine the volume output while on batter power is not the same as when it's connected to AC, but the portability aspect of this is it's greatest feature and value in my mind. Sittin' on the porch, the dock or on the beach you're now a portable jamming unit. I run a G&L Legacy and Jackson RR through it. Great results either way.
Very, very much like this set of music toys, my daughter is 6 months, she very much like. I'll let her clutching with a rattler, and she'll hit herself often, but it will not hurt. It does not matter. This set of toys is very suitable for baby to know music.
Bought this for my 18 year old daughter and she loved it!
I've wanted to play fiddle for a number of years, and have experience with mandolins (same fingering/tuning). Years ago I bought a violin at a garage sale that was really unplayable, so after researching instruments based on price and reviews I decided on this clearance model. It's priced less because it's supposed to have a cosmetic issue, but really it's beautiful and the only flaw I can find is the back of the neck seems much lighter in stain color than the rest of the instrument. The instrument arrived already adjusted and ready to play -- I just had to tune the high E string a little. It remains in tune, which is one of the marks of a well crafted instrument. It has a good sound and I was playing tunes the same day.
Purchased as a gift. He loves it!!
Really cool product! Fun for the classroom or car!~
Got this for my son in law, an experienced player in the past. He really enjoys it. Said the sound quality was above what he expected for the price.
Fits my daughters guitar perfect
Easy to purchase. Right product. Great quality. As described.
Great product strong connections. High quality feels very durable. Great to have on hand in the studio or on a gig. Keep 2 in my bag at all times. You just never know.
This is the second such stand I have bought. One was for my daughter who plays clarinet, and now for my granddaughter who is learning to play clarinet. Sturdy, affordable and last a long time.
i use it to sketch down musical ideas when i don't have access to an 88 key!
I wanted my Mexican-made Fender Telecaster to look and sound a little more vintage and this bridge does the job quite nicely. It went on my guitar easily. The intonation is great with the compensated saddles, which *are* brass. The chrome is only polished on part of the bridge, which is consistent with vintage Fender bridges and is pointed out by the seller if you read the description. This bridge may seem a little rough around the edges to you, but that's because they've been making them the same way for over 60 years. This is the way this bridge is supposed to be.
Very quick to arrive, item as described, works great.
need to buy a second one soon.
Great when one is talking on the phone. Wish the cord was little bit longer but it does the job well. No one complaining yet of background noise so to me, that speaks volumes. Thank you!
I've seen people complain that their amp didnt work but mine works perfectly fine. The guitar is perfectly sized for my 8 yr old. I expected the guitar to be cheaply made but its actually pretty high quality & unlike a lot of beginner guitars, it actually stays in tune. You cant do better if u want a beginner kit for your kid
These speakers are durable and very loud. The highs are very clear and the lows are also pretty loud. The bass is not anything insane but does the job. The controls are easy to understand and simple. The stands are well made and seem very solid.
Good for sound proofing a mother-in-law apartment.
I ordered two of these mounts and they could easily stand toe-to-toe with Hercules. Very sturdy design and looks gorgeous in my studio. I would definitely recommend this product if you need a sturdy guitar mount without spending a ton.
Sturdy, well-made. Perfect size and shape. Guitar sits like its in a glove, no movement. Love it.
works very well and priced right.
This works excellent !!! Have used it several times and love it !
So easy to install and they really seem very sturdy.
We've gotten 3 of these for different guitars. Just great! The wood is a really nice touch. Thank you.
Got these for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it for his beats. Great price and product!
This is a very beautiful type of wood. It was pretty simple to put together and can hold multiple guitars but we only needed for one. It's alot neater in the house with this space saver! It helps keep it up and away from dangers that would scratch up the guitar! It is very well made and pretty sturdy. My son loves it so all in all I believe a great purchase!
Works well, not as deep as a boss or other product but gets the job done, can't beat the price.
It's so easy to pack and unpack in any place. Four 27' Monitors.
My 5y/o son had been really wanting to have drum set but me and my husband said it's too early for him to have and we don't have room in the house for it. When we went to my friend's house, he saw this drum set and he was eager to try it and told me he wanted that drum set. The moment this drum set arrived he played with it right away. It was easy to set up, the sound quality is like a real drum set. My husband is even impressed how it sounded and even played it himself. I like that it's portable and you don't have to deal with space in the house coz you can fold it and put it away when not in use so it saves you space. This was a hit to my son.
amazing product , just like i always wanted :) Thanks a lot!
Perfect fit for my husbands radio.
If you break these, and you probably will eventually, you need to chill out on your attack. I love playing with these, they really help me focus on my feel.
The volume of the microphone sound is good, my family loves it, and the special lantern is very beautiful. The lights are beautiful at night
This striker fits my hand perfectly and works wonderful it is not too heavy. I highly recommend
I used this to dress up my campsite and everyone in the campground loves them
THis really cuts down the volume of the cello.
Arrived on time and was well worth the money.
Love the guitar. Great sound.
Works perfectly. My favorite capo for playability and accuracy.
It does its job. Great tool to have if you own QSC Subs
Well built and a must have for audio components. Don't use a cheap power strip.
Good little starter guitar. The guitar is good quality and the tuners it came with are decent as well. The case is a little flimsy but but for the price you pay and the fact that it has a case is amazing. I would recommend this for the beginner guitarist! Overall great kit!
I've been playing drums for over 20 years and wanted a kit that stayed home. I didn't have a ton to spend, so I bought the bullet on this kit even though there isn't a ton of reviews or info out there. I was blown away. Totally blew my expectations out of the water for the price point. The only thing I would mention is that there were a few finishing issues, but nothing serious and nothing that wasn't easily fixed. Serious drummers will replace the heads right away, and be sure to lube the lug threads as you assemble the kit. I was especially impressed with the snare throw off.
Great design, even on a carpeted floor.
This product is great easy to set up and works great. The sound quality is perfect and it never cuts out great product!