Tom Clancy has company as the most uselessly over descriptive writer. Also I suspect the author is a virgin. Absolutely terrible.
Just couldn't, force myself to finish this book.....I have never had this happen to me before.
Poorly written. Too many side stories that didn't add to the storyline.
This is the second book in the series. I read them out of order,however, the really made no difference. All three books are basically the same... You read one and done. I skipped over a bit of this one. There is a lot of weird sex stuff in these books... Thrusting, groaning, moaning, blah, blah, blah. Sorry holly this book was crap.
....like just about every other page!! I couldn't believe when I started reading this (with Book 1) and around the fifth chapter, things started feeling freaky. Dialog didn't continue, descriptions faltered, and why? Because every other page was missing. When I checked the other books in the bundle, the same thing occurred. Unfortunately, there's no way that I can find to complain about this to anyone at Amazon. I tried re-downloading, but as I 'm in the midst of another bundle (and this is the first time this has happened since I bought the kindle) I haven't checked to see what's what yet. I will edit this review with an update when I have done so.
Did not like it at all, no chapter, no paragraphs - did not like it at all.
This book was one of the worst reads I have ever experienced. The writing was infantile and uninteresting.
If you like manipulative men, weak women, and pain driven sex, then this book is for you. This in my opinion is not in any way romantic.
This is not Kenneth E. Hagin, the son keeps copying his wring style and probably using his notes.
This story is a good one . However delving into t the sexual episodes occurring between the characters is and was not necessary to make a good story . Once Taylor and Zeke got back together it was sex sex sex on practically every other page this is not necessary for a good novel too graphic. No I do not recommend this is a good read for my friends . Sorry
I read this book trying to understand where the author was coming from. The fact that Kelly was so upset about Amber being pregnant and posing nude, just didn't make sense to me. Young people mimic what their role models do. Everyone in town knew that Kelly and Mike were SHACKING UP, even the priest that let her sponsor Madison . Then I get to the end of the book and read the sample chapters of a book she recommends . It makes me want to bring back book burning
Did not read so I cannot give a review
I got 10 pages in and had to quit. I don't like quitting books- but this book was horribly written and had so many run on sentences....I have no idea who allowed this to be published this way. Seemed more like a first draft.
Does not even come close to the book . A Hollywood production
What a load of BS. Turns out when the book gets good you're directed to go and join Amazon book club. Don't bother with this very disappointing
I received this book for free. I love dragon stories and was super excited to start reading. Having read that the writer had an amazing series that this tied into, I was hoping to have another favorite. Alas, this will not happen. The actual story had me intrigued. The use of so many words to say what a few would do, had me annoyed. I quit half way through. I lost interest. It took way to long to get anywhere. I loved the idea, but dragging out conversations and no notice of location changes made it hard to follow. I love learning new words, but it felt as if every page needed a thesaurus. Perhaps the other series written are not this way. Honestly, I just began to find it too much trouble to read. The story didn't flow, and it felt like it was just thrown together so the author could say another book was written. I do not recommend this book. Sorry.
I enjoyed the first books in this series, but the writing drones on and on. Where is the editor to curb George's ramblings? The character don't really grow.
I can't believe how many positive reviews this book has received. I'm annoyed with myself for purchasing this book because it is utter crap. Page after page of juvenile bragging and ranting.
I was looking for an officially licensed guide with pictures and art. This is not that.
This was the toughest read I've ever had to plow through. Got two chapters in and gave up. It's almost like it was written in another language and translated with a really poor translator application. The info that I could understand was basically copied from internet articles, which, are much better written. Save your money...
I really wanted to like it, but it was so confusing, from the first chapter on. The part where a guy who seemed normal is suddenly evil, calls her body a chassis while flirting. I didn't get much further than that.
I waited until when she said it was free and still got charged without my knowledge until later! I got ripped off! I WILL FILE A COMPLAINT IF I AM NOT REFUNDED IMMEDIATELY!
Writing wasn't bad but I can not STAND people like this guy. It's like he doesn't understand how people interact. He's constantly sticking his nose in other people's business and it's so disrespectful, but he thinks he's being "cool". It's Just obnoxious. He apparently doesn't know he's obnoxious, because he tells the story with pride. I'm starting the AT soon and hope I don't have to put up with clowns like this on the trail. Now that I've purchased the book I noticed other reviews are similar. I regret it.
First thing, the author is a good author who got me started on litrpg. I enjoyed this series up till book 3. Now for the review. This book is a disaster. This is not a litrpg book anymore, it is a romance novel, a poorly written romance novel. The grinding for levels is boring and lacks interesting detail. Story elements that had great potential were aweful. Once again, two to three times a chapter every character talks about how much they love everyone. It is repetitive and lacking in so many ways. The words love and kiss occur over a hundred times a piece throughout this book. They are over used. The assassin plot twist at the end of the last book was great and the author went and made that boring in this book. A potentially great story was screwed up so badly. I am extremely disappointed with how this series turned out. This book was not worth the price tag. I will not be buying the next book because 3 books have been written in a similar manner now. It is repetitive and boring.
The story is interesting and I did buy several, hoping the next one would be longer than a chapter's length. Sorry but 30 minutes read time is not even a novella and I have read short story's that were longer.
I 'm done with this author. I always feel cheated when I come to the end of one. I know who the murderer is, do the rest is details. If you want to tell a story, then tell it and give folks their money's worth. Cliffhangers are simplely a ploy to keep folks buying more books.
The information was nothing new. If you have ever had a dog you would already know all of this. It really had nothing useful.
Putting it quite bluntly, this book was just no good. By the end of the book I wasn't even sure who the murderer was. I know his name but there were so MANY names, I'm not really sure who he was or how he fit into the story. There were dozens of names of people connected to the story. To complicate matters even more, sometimes they were called by their first name and sometimes they were called by their last name. I had a very hard time remembering who was who and what part they played in the story. In the end I just gave up on trying to keep every name, first and last, straight. The author wrote this book like it was a novel with imagined conversations, thoughts, and movements. It was enough to make a real true crime buff crazy! It all sounded so fake and made up! With a complexity of characters and the imagined conversations it was just not a fun book to read. Also, there was NOTHING about the trials other than the results. Had this been my first true crime book, I probably would have never read another one. I have read hundreds and this was one of the worst. Friends often want me to recommend a "good true crime book" to them. This will NOT be one of my recommendations! There was nothing about it that I enjoyed. No good!
This kind of sweet story has been written many times by many different authors, with characters' names and locations changed to retain some originality. Unfortunately, the errors of punctuation, wrong sentence structure, inaccurate use of words, and improper verb conjugations seriously impede the reading of what could have been a pleasant way to waste time.
Poorly written, numerous grammar mistakes and typos. It's inconceivable that so many wrong words were used or sentences were incomplete. Not just mistakes like using "to" instead of "too" but using words that had no relevance. Author should have researched pregnancy and preemie babies; the details about the 3 month premie didn't seem realistic. This was my first Amy Brent book....and probably last.
Switch up the billionaire with a rich sports star, add your writer and repetitive, kinky, rough pounding sex and boom! You got another boring Fifty Shades knock off. Except in this story the sex scenes are not only frequent, and long, they are ridiculous. We're talking F-Yeah, F-Yeah! Oh God, Oh God! And of course, the ever screaming orgasm! Can these romance authors not come up with an original idea to save their lives???
First, the info in this book is more about how to study, where to study, facts about study habits, etc. There is not nearly as much substance on the actual exam. In addition, there are typos, and the writing is in English - reflecting that English is not likely the first language of the writer, which is fine, but that's what editors are for! Also, there is no PDF as promised in the description, although I have noticed now that they have changed the description, so I'm guessing there were other complains. I should have paid more attention to the other reviews.
I am very angry that the book left me hanging . I will NOT buy the next book, or any other by this author. I give it 0 stars.
I tried very hard to read this book and kept pushing myself but about 1/3 through it I gave up. The story and especially Keller were just too weird. I don't like it when children are involved with horrible weird sick people and why there are authors who write about that stuff, I'll never know. A little bit may be okay, but this story was just too much to take.
claims it has complete works. It does NOT. false advertising.
I was also scammed. This is not the actual book. Bummer!!
This book is very dissimilar to author's other books. I was not able to finish it. There are too many characters to keep track of, and the books jumps from one generation to another. Should not have purchased. I have read the author's Joanne Brady series and enjoyed them immensely.
Awful. Couldn't finish it. It was just awful
Barely finished first in series. Trite and unbelievable plot line. Our foolish heroine does not conform to behavior norms of the time. There are inconsistencies in the story. Dear Author. Get thee to an editor.
What there was of this book was a good read. However, it seems like just the beginning of a story. It leaves the reader hanging with no ending. So many things are introduced that could make a good story but just dropped.
Very predictable. No action, no deep emotional movement. Just a harlequin romance. Way too much time on leading character negative feelings...it became frustrating.
This book is a piece of garbage
Was good for a long time. Went to trashy for me Why did you have to go there? Just too much.
Could not get on my kindle at all!!
To short and you have to pay for too many sequels to know what happens. Not to mention their first encounter is basically her being groped or assaulted by a stranger and then later deciding it was a turn on because he's good looking. I'm glad I didn't pay for this and will not pay 2.99 a pop for multiple follow ups and the only way I will find out what happens is if it's ever free.
NEVER RECEIVED! Where is this book?
Never received this.
Please save your money and use it to buy a latte at Starbucks. There is nothing about this book that is any good.PERIOD 👎
A very average read. Nothing special.
What a waste of money! I bought this when i had a few rough nights with my 6 month old and I was exhausted and desperate, thinking there would be some good recommendations for helping the baby sleep. She basically divides the book into two parts and uses 2 different acronyms to describe them. But basically theres nothing innovative here. The first part is for “good” babies. Basically fading techniques to gradually take away your babies sources of comfort until they comply. The second part is for those naughty babies who actually need more help getting to sleep. For that she recommends the extinction method, softened up by a new name and some witty jokes. The author seems like a very selfish person. She recommends sleep training at 2 months old. Most pediatricians wouldn't recommend that. Im really happy I listened to my gut and stopped reading
Story building doesn't happen. MC powers is too overpowered. MC is lvl 5 and can make slave collars and put them on anyone? Also the MC can make and enchant his own gear, seriously. Very short book author spends enormous amount of pages on skill sheets and weapon descriptions. This book seems like it would be an authors draft of an idea he wants to create as a story instead of one. Save your money.
I did not order this book, and don't have it! I have to call Amazon!
This book was like reading a Harold Robbins book. Very disappointed in content.
Not written in typical autobiographical style. Very confusing, disorganized and boring
I've read better. Didn't even get through chapter one
This is a lot of cheesy, cliched, ridiculously over-the-top sex scenes and very little else. Seriously, the sex scenes made me laugh! "The aroma of his musky manliness"? "My solid hot iron"? "My searing pole"? This reads like it was written by a twelve year old boy. Don't waste your time or your money!
What killed this book for me was the praise for two of the most destructive people in modern America. I only went to the start of chapter 2 before I was too disgusted to continue.
I did not buy this. I would like a refund.
Dont know how this is even on my list. Might be good, might blow. I dont know as I've never looked at or ordered.
I mean, it's over the top. Sometimes I would just start laughing and then I would ask myself "why do you keep on reading?"
No plot, characters were spoiled and inept, and there is no ending. Really unhappy , this was a waste of time.
I'm so tired of hearing whore, how can someone be a whore when she is raped. This author needs to read something that explains what a whore is. A woman being raped is not a whore. I'm sorry I bought this book. Not even good enough for free. The characters are very childish. The so called hero was no hero at all. Will not purchase anything from this author again. I don't like to write reviews. This book is why.
I need help from customer service but can't seem to find where to go. When flipping to next page paragraphs from previous page comes through to following page
Sorry couldn't make it past the third chapter . Suppose to be solving crimes and keeping secret tells caretaker first 2 seconds and can't put a car in reverse. I could tell the book was only going to annoy me.
Money stoled never received the book nor a refund
This book was too confusing. I only read to the end to know what happened to the children. Wish I would've stopped reading sooner.
I couldn't read it beyond a few pages (if the point of the book was to test my patience, then I clearly failed). It needs a thorough editing to fix grammar and style.
I only bought this book because it was assigned reading. Get a teacher that knows what they are doing and you won't need this book.
Suppose modern technology were the figment. Suppose you were writing a technology-fiction book about teenagers attending an Institute of Technology. Would the classes be "History of Technology", "How to Use Technology", and "Get in Touch With Your Inner Technologist"? Would fights between students take the form of teens using technology on each other? Would the students self-identify as members of Electricity clans or Chemistry clans? Seems threadbare, but you cold still write a book worth reading if you gave it a real plot and interesting characters. This book is the fantasy equivalent. It has the tired recycled tropes ("I'm a Witch, and I'm going to show off by casting a glowing light!") without the story that would redeem them.
Kind of self-indulgent and hard to follow. I stopped reading after the first 20-30 pages.
Don't waste your time or money
What started out as a fine fantasy tale quickly turned into a tale of homosexual love both male and female. In the end it is nothing more than perverted love story in the camouflage of the fantasy. What is happening with publishers like this one is a shame. Are they advocating perverted sex as a normal way of life?
A book about disturbed teenagers from each one's viewpoint is not of interest to me.
The book lacked detail. It was too simple. It had just a number of colorful slides.
A really disappointing book.
Read for book club. Not my preference, but all the ladies loved it!
Couldn't even finish the first chapter.
So many typos all throughout the book and many incorrect answers and questions with the same answers listed twice in the test section.
You might want to review your work. There were a lot of dumb errors in this work. Also, this book should have been in Romance category. I would never have purchased it had I known that it was a romance.
Slow read and boring.
Sorry but really bad
This is a very clichéd short story. The ending was telegraphed, the writing is stilted and relies heavily on stereotypes about men's and women's behavior. The storytelling is stiff and unsatisfying. The worst thing about the book? The spelling errors, and terrible editing, assuming someone had to read it and check for spelling, grammar, and formatting issues. Ugh.
i really wanted to like this series, in the beginning, Cassie and Deke started out as a good love story, in a impossible situation, but very quickly, the story takes a turn..its all over the place, missing parts of sentences, so choppy. Most of the story involves, the same awful things happening over and over again. Cassie being kidnapped, right out of the MC club, not once but multiple times, when all the members are guarding her..yea no, crying, same story line, same hits, different people.. this MC club is suppost to be hard core, far from it..the dialog is between the members and old ladies, etc. is just bad! I didn't finish, I just couldnt..
What was this, a waste off my time and money.
Weak and lame. Waste of my brain energy. Uninspiring and typical. Meh.
Did not like book, he killed the main characters and it was very gory.
Lousy writing - story got progressively ridiculous. I can't remember the last time I quit on a book without finishing it.
One star folks. For the ONE chapter on homeschooling. Not what I expected. Not helpful at all.
I waded through this mess. It's bland, the characters are so unimpressive I could not keep Andrew and another one straight. What a muddle. Do. Not. Recommend.
The book is probably excellent, but I can't read it because it constantly crashes my Kindle Ap. What gives, Amazon? Trying to sell more e-readers!
This could and should be a good book to read. However, every sentence it seemed to feel should use God's name in vain.As an author surely you can find a better way to express yourself!! One day you will meet your maker on bended knee and will have to explain yourself!
Although this book has over 1000 pages, it contains only 27 recipes. Very disappointing. I expected more choices. I do not recommend.
If you're anything like me, you are buying this for a grad course. I didn't know what this book was used for until AFTER purchasing the digital version. The purpose of this book is to provide reading tests to your students that you must be able to photo copy to administer, but the kindle app offers no print app. I just had to call Amazon to get a refund so I could order the print version.
I really don't get into multiple partners. But if is your thing, you will like it. Especially, since the character was a woman who had the multiple partners.
Never received the book!!!!
This book was not the smut fest I thought it would be. It's not too badly written, though needs another run through a copy editor in my opinion. Dubious consent as hell.
Check your brain at the door. Seriously, you won't need it. This book is silly and lacks any plausibility. A couple of examples... the main character sees men of middle eastern descent and automatically knows they are "Arabs" and, therefore, they can't be anything other than terrorists. So, he tracks them down and listens at the door of a sleazy hotel and he hears low voices and a hissing or buzzing sound... the next leap of logic is they must be building bombs. If they are building bombs... they must have guns. Seriously?? Then, the main character decides they are OBVIOUSLY trying to kill him... but only after carrying out their terrorist strike in Portland. Why would terrorists wait to kill the main character until AFTER their terrorist strike? Personally, I would kill off the main character beforehand just because... and this is my conclusion... he is TSTL. At each and every step of the way, conclusions are drawn without the main character seeing anything to substantiate his conclusions. There is no proof or evidence at all.
Never received the item.
I "READ" for enjoyment, not to hear political slogans. I have read a lot of your books,have had a minor stroke. I still get up every day,not as smart as I once was. I still LOVE to read....I just do not need to see the same CRAP "CNN" shows us. Please write books that people can enjoy....I think you are a Wonderful writter. This book is FUN right up to the CNN part.
The level of detail made this book difficult to get through. Too many name drops that did not add to the story.
This is the 2nd time I have read this series and both times I almost have broken my own rule of not skipping books in a series. It was not a good read I look to these series for a fun read with a good main character who I can root for. I almost wished the bad guy would have killed her just to end the book....or myself. This book is to wordy if that makes sense and it's to filled with action parts which is normally a good thing for a book if they are written well but this book seems all over the place there was no mystery or anything to engage the reader. This may be the perfect book for some but not for me and I think it does not go with the rest of the series.
Wow so Bad This is the end for me and Susan Stoker..she getting worse and very juvenile stories..I predict her story from her 5th chapter on...its just pathetic..not wasting my time with her..God I wish I could get my money back...
I have not read it at this time.
The story plodded along slowly with no connection to the 3rd story line of the two men in the store. Some character development, but constant repetition of events did nothing to help the story.
I couldn't get passed the second chapter. Not the usual quality. Very disappointed! Waste of money!
This book was a fraud. Who was the victim? And who were the 17 suspects? This book was about everything EXCEPT what the title ... and the TV ad ... implied. A total disappointment. Would not recommend to anyone. A total waste of money.
Couldn't make myself get past the first few pages! Sorry!
I had to push myself to finish this. None of the 3 main characters were likable and the plot line really never took off. Spoiler Alert....The ending was stupid and abrupt, almost like the author ran out of ideas. If I wasn't on vacation and had the time, I would have deleted this book long before the end.
Character s not very well developed
The Last Hostage is a boring read which goes in repeated circles. It took the author forever to reach the conclusion.
Incredibly boring, did not like this at all!
One of the few books I stopped reading before the end. Maybe it got better, but one quarter into the story, I quit.
I liked the setting and the baby in the main storyline but it seemed too much like a hook up than romance as they jumped from first kiss to sex. I don't want to buy romances with a lesbian or male/!male love storyline and was unpleasantly surprised to find it included. I have read and enjoyed Burrowes other books but this one has made me hold off on more purchases.
Ew ew ew, I tried to return this, but it was not allowed. The “hero” was a disgusting guy who treated the heroine like crap and the heroine just took it all.
after the four book series it was a terrible let down with the horrible ending. I will not trust this writer again. Please don't waste your time!
What I disliked most of all is that you have NOT allowed me to read the book!!
Not worth the money or time; I've learned far more by searching on Google.
Extremely slow read. Couldn't make it through the book.
I was so looking forward to reading the 2nd book of The Silver Music Box, but was quckly disappointed as it is long and boring! The plot and ending was something you could figure out with no suprises!
Didnt work & was so hard to do
Read only if you're under 13, although I only read a quarter of the book so I don't know if it's kid friendly so maybe not. Wish I could get my money back
DIDNOT GET INTEREST AT THE FIRST OF BOOK. DULL
I cant read this book. The characters are a mess. This book is unreadable. I want my money back!
Has not arrived as yet
The first two books of this series were absolutely fantastic. Extremely entertaining and found myself staying up late every night as I couldn't put it down. I've read several other books written by Winslow and absolutely love the way he puts his stories together. "The Border" unfortunately was a complete dud. Story took too long to develop and morphed into a political hit piece of the current administration. Regardless of what side of the aisle you are on, I thought Don Winslow would be smart enough not to incorporate what is being driven down our throats by all mainstream news outlets 24/7. Works like the Cartel and Power of the Dog didn't incorporate any politics. A nice getaway from what we have to see and hear everyday.
Not my cup of tea. Writing felt immature (sloppy wet) - really! Many of the situations felt unrealistic. Spoiler - after a physical confrontation with her current live-in boyfriend that resulted in Zach fighting Brett and throwing him out of the house, the first thing Jo does is initiate sex in the bedroom she shared with the boyfriend??? After they have sex she then tells him he is the father of her 5 year old son and his response is “ok”??? Lots of 5 star reviews so maybe my expectations were too high on this one.
After expending your time reading this you realize only two chapters were actually helpfull, and even those two are thing you might find in any youtube motivational video. Also the writing is very boring.
Why do authors re-release books under a new name? I already read this book when it was named something else (the whole series has been renamed). I went back to look at the description of the book and sure enough it does say it, but jeez you have to read the fine print for everything any more. The book was good enough though.
I was expecting four stories, felt more like I was reading a pitch for a TV series, main character not fully revealed and too whiny.
This book was a waste of money... it was not a summary... just bunch of discussion questions for a book club.
Well, I guess I can't rate the book as it downloaded to my Kindle but it would never open up. I've ordered other books since then and have not had a problem. Very disappointed.
I would not recommend this book to anyone. It did not hold my interest after the first 100 pages. So dragged out l skipped slot and went to the end.
This book was so far to the right politically I couldn't read it. The whole thing was about the writer`s political agenda rather than a good action novel.
The book rambles all over the place and has lots of characters that are hard to follow. There's an awful lot of back-biting and name calling. I was not entertained.
This book has been found from a facebook groups where its sharing for swaps about gathering reviews on it, So I am so sure about this book is containing paid reviews on it.
The humor seemed forced and it lacked that natural flow. After a few thousand mention, I could no longer stand the words "beaver" (for a vagina) and "monster cock". Also, Alex, the love interest, was seriously creepy with how he kept running after the MC and bringing her gifts. So yeah, definitely not the book for me.
I wanted to read this book because I'd heard good things about Patricia Cornwell and her knowledge of the Ripper. The book is more supposition than statement. Her favorite phrases are, "It could be" or "It might have been." I think she wrote it for a check.
sucks sucks sucks to ever get this crapola. just say know to drugs kids. talk to you later alligator peace
This is the tenth book, and honestly I am finished with the series and the author. These "books" compare to chapters in other authors novels. Consider this, at around $3 each, if you have purchased part one to part ten, you are now in this for $30 and the story isn't finished. I purchase a novel because I want to watch the characters develop, grow, see them overcome hardship and conflict, and I want to escape into their story for however long it takes. I actually enjoy a number of authors that use multiple books to tell a story. Meghan March is a master of this. I wish Hannah the best on her literary journey but I won't be following her or her writing anymore.
I agree with a lot of the other comments. There are way too many spelling and grammar mistakes in this book that should have been edited out. The shorter length of the book was quite obvious.The author should take more pride in her work. I Probably won't buy any more of these books.
I saw this book and the author and did not read the description because I love Grace. Well when I started reading this one, I was very disappointed because I love historical romances and not too much of the modern day books. So after the sentence about the main character losing his luggage, well I closed the book. Sorry!
Seems to me this book went on and on and on. Really didnt get or care what the point was. Awful.
I'm sure some people would enjoy this book because it might stand as a precautionary tale about what creating humans simply for organ donations would mean for those humans, but I found the story dull, and in the end, pretty pointless. There are better ways to tell this sort of tale.
You can't read the book because it was scanned incorrectly. The top margin is half the page so you can only read half of each page. I just returned it and I'm hoping they fix the issue so I can re-purchase.
Slow hard to get into. Didn't keep my interest. Couldn't finish it. Would not recommend. I was interested , just didn't get it.
Needlessly had way too many alien species. Physics as described made no sense. Like the human eye could see ships across a solar system, or see laser beams in vacuum Portals visible at distances described.
If there is one thing that will cause me to write a review it is an incomplete story. This is more a chapter than a book! Nothing ruins a promising story faster than a cliffhanger. It destroys the trust between author and reader. I also destroys the trust between reader and all those 5 star reviewers. What a shame.......
Not a bad concept, but as soon as the characters start talking politics i see were this author leans, and his ideas are ignorant, couldn't get past that.
I wanted to like this book, but about halfway through I started skimming. Nothing really happened...find something else to read.
The worst hero ever.I can not believe the 5 star,Did you people read this book.
I didn't enjoy this book and have no desire to read the next. It was just cheesy and over done.
I ordered by mistake Please cancel
I preordered this book, not realizing it was a re-release (the synopsis didn't include the notice about it being reissue until recently), and unfortunately, it wouldn't allow me to return. It isn't drastically changed from its initial release, and the mistakes are just as abundant. Misplaced and misused commas are extremely common, and I found it really distracting. I don't mind repurchasing a book if there are updates, especially if the editing is improved, but it seems almost worse. I like this author, but her technical skills aren't great--this isn't a terrible thing for authors, as that is what an editor or even a friendly proof reader is for. She is a good story teller, but her writing is often lazy, and it shows here. I do not recommend this book, particularly if you purchased its previous release. It is overpriced, rough, and just not the quality I expect from this author.
Could not finish it. Hoped that it would get better, but it did not. Repetitive and badly written.
Incredibly generic information is contained in this book. Save your money and Google search the information you need to use your Fire .
This is one of the worst books I have ever tried to read (and I have read a huge amount of, among other things, military science fiction). If it were written by the alien AI enemies of the book it might even have been a bit better. The characters are flat and completely uninteresting, the plot laughable, the dialogue terrible. In short, it reads as if written by, not an amateur, since that would mean sometime trying to write well, but by a lazy person churning out crap and not caring.
and without that context..... its not good. just a shed load of exposition and cringey uninteresting dialogue with no real character attachment. im guessing if you had read the prequel(?) it might have been more impactful but i couldnt bring myself to care
So disappointing. Long on repetitive, unnecessary details. I kept hoping it would get better but it never happened. I've decided not to go on to the next book. 800 pages covering 6 days. Absolutely one of the worst, most boring books I've ever read. Save your time and money. Horrible.
Haphazard plot, little character development, lacking any realistic credibility and politically "all over the place" with little regard for facts. There was some interesting info regarding the "turbines" and how they impact the environment, wildlife and health of those near them. But overall the writing was unfocused!
i really havent read enough of it
This is the worst book I ever read. The plot was unreal and had no realistic plot. If all his books are like this he has lost a reader.
Didn't like the plot development or writing style. I found it too outrageous; too many unexplained story continuity gaps. And this was the first book of 5.
This information is given freely from SSA so do not pay for it. Save your money to retire early. Enjoy
The story had no real plot and what there was was not well developed. The big thing that happened and the resolution was hastily put together. Had to keep flipping pages in order to see if it would get better. It didn't.
Writing very elementary
My daughter and I read together daily. This book felt like someone stopped writing 3/4 of the way through the story and said "the end". We both agree it's the worst ending of any book we've ever read.
It just wasn't that interesting.
this book doesnt teach much its a waste of money this is some script kiddie stuff in here id advise a different purchase
The author is quite skilled, but the story is better left untold. The characters are all quite seedy to the point that it becomes a disgusting read. I had read most of the negative reviews prior to purchasing this book. "Vulgar language, sex, violence"... hey... sounds like a good story to me... after all its got two dogs in it that must be good guys. No, its not a good story. I stopped at the halfway point. That was more than enough for me.
I found this book to be extremely biased, and stepped reading it half way through. I can't find five more words to describe it.
The Kindle does not need a guide. The problems I had were not addressed in the guide so I had to figure them out myself. Had to buy apps for PDF, MPG, & MP4 files. Displays them great.
very slow moving, too much detail, boring story. did not finish. don't like English writers stile.
I am a huge Firefly fan & was so excited to see a book series coming. I enjoyed "Big damn heroes" and pre-ordered "Magnificent Nine." From the beginning, this book had a different tone & feel from the previous one & the series. As I read it, I didn't remember who wrote these two books but my immediate assumption was that there were different authors for each of them. I was shocked to see that James had written both. The obvious difference is that Nancy Holder co-authored the first one & in this book James was solo. The absence of a female perspective is obvious & is at the heart of why this book bothers me so much. Most of the characters are a shadow of their former selves. Obviously Jayne is at the heart of the book & the two main protagonists, Temperance & Vandal, get the majority of coverage but what really made this book so unpleasant was the disdain for women & violence against them. Firefly (series) & Serenity (movie), like the wild west, were violent but the female characters OWNED their destinies. Not in this book. It felt like this book was written by a man who doesn't respect women. This isn't just about Jayne & the sociopath Vandal being "done wrong" by a woman & that is the root of their behavior. Throughout the book is a series of violations against women. The female characters have some agency in the resolution but it's really the men who save the day & rescue them. This book left a terrible taste in my mouth & I am relieved that James isn't writing the next book, "Generations." If he writes additional Firefly books, he needs a female co-author. If there isn't one, I won't be reading it.
All the barn wedding plans drove me nuts. I realize "the gals" are trying to book a venue but it was just too immature and overboard trying to push ole Ben!
it was just about a total waste of time
This is a real scam. only a few pages of a slow moving EMP PA tale, abruptly ended, with the remaining 80% of the download an excerpt of another novel by the author.
Too long. Interesting plot. Appealing main character.
Wasn't worth the time nor effort just to click between the virtual pages. Had a rather silly plot device hop in just to end it with a buy my next one ok ?
I pre ordered this book because I really like the first few books. This one however is a total let down. This is a fictional story and the trashy political jabs should have been left out. The story would be just fine without the author interjecting her personal political views. Start a blog if you want to rant about the Trump administration. Don't make your customers pay for it. I made it 20% through and am moving on to something else. Anything else.
If I knew going in how many times the "f" word was going to be used i would never have purchased! Never made it past chapter 2
Not a good book. I never even finished reading. Her books can be very boring. This one was.
Sick. I'm glad I didn't read the whole book. Who thinks of this garbage. What a waste of reading time
The book is the only thing that get 5 stars.....bc ivory b takes waaayyy to long to release...it's been almost 3 years and we still haven't got part 3 🙄🙄🙄
If I had purchased this book I would have wanted my money back.!! The only thing in this book was sex. No story line. I'm wondering how this book received so many 5 stars. Down right ridiculous.
I love historical romance and the book description looked promising. But I found that I couldn't even finish it because the errors were so distracting.
This author was recommended to me by a friend. I did not care for the characters or writing style at all. The man is a complete ass and the woman is annoying.
I did not like the book at all
This book is cluttered with the rest of my stuff
Didn't receive this book either. But I don't remember purchasing it anyway
This is a collection of poorly written rip-off jumbles of other popular sci-fi and fantasy books and movies. There's little plot, the characters are ridiculous, and the narrative is so brief it's like reading an outline.
There are some books that are intriguing enough (even with a few faults) that I'll keep reading. This is not one of those. I honestly felt like I was reading an outline that was being filled out in preparation for writing a story. Even the continuity between paragraphs was disjointed and down right jarring. I should have read the reviews first. One review suggested a reading level of tenth grade- at times that might be generous. I do't know who the editor was but he/she did a disservice to the author and the reading public by allowing this to be published. If there was no editor then the author is fully to blame. As another review suggested, I am not inclined to try another book by the same author . So it went to mys slush pile- I wish it had gone to someone else's before Amazon.
This book had so much potential. The story is creative and plausible. The characters are too many, too often, and the story line is blurred because of all the jumping back and forth with all these too similar characters ..worst of all is ending. Solves nothing, answers nothing and after a long read just leaves you upset. Complete pass is my review.
This book would be so much better if the characters actually acted like adults and talked to each other instead of making assumptions (which both the primary and secondary couple do). I felt like the plot was long and drawn out. There is also so grammar and spelling issues.
Not my sort of novel. I didn't realise what type of story this was so I was unpleasantly surprised.. For some reason I thought I was picking up a romance novel. Be warned this is not at all like Outlander. DNF.
Much ado about nothing. Nothing changes genetics. Thought I'd find something new. I was wrong. The author's rules are nothing but good nutrition.
This story does not know where it wants to go. Several ridiculous plot lines. The characters are not likable. Author even considers a child murder to move the inane plot.
Very depressing story.
I never received this item
Didn't live up to title. I expected more about dog. I also expected it to be funny. Book was disappointing
I love mysteries and suspense. That said, I couldn't make it past the 1st couple chapters. Way too many cute 'sayings'. Ugh.
I wanted to like this book, I really did. A dear friend suggested it to me 20 years ago. I never finished it then and as years have gone by I thought I might should read it again and see what I'd missed. Maybe he was trying to tell me something all those years ago. Now in my 40's I found the book not only boring, but terribly depressing. The constant bickering of Maggie and Ira got on my nerves. Maggie constantly manipulating people around her and Ira not having any sense of timing for telling the "truth." This book was a disappointment 20 years in the making for me. No revelations here.
Oh my goodness... this is the most depressing book ive ever read.. i got to chapter 17 and couldnt stand it anymore. I cried several times up until then. Real life can be depressing enough i dont want to read about too. Im sure it gets better, i just dont have time to waste on someone who cant forgive, when she doesnt even know what happened. Sorry, i really hate leaving bad reviews but this is just too much.
This is the actual worst book ever. It was actually painful to read and about 75% done I just had to call it quits. It was truly unbearable to even finish.
This was really a horrible book. This book is about a stupid black women that's in love with a man who killed her family. This women also have sex with any man that looks good to her, so yes a lottttt of unnecessary sex while she's pregnant. On top of that time goes by and no mention of a baby bump................ I feel like this author had multiple story in one book. I had to skim though most of this book. I really want my money back, but I'm not that kind of reader.
The book tried to cover too many aspects, unfortunately the author is no Tolstoy and hence it all seemed jumbled up. The approach to solve the mystery was very naive, and readers would solve the mystery long before the protagonist reaches the same conclusion. In the epilogue the author mentioned that she decided to incorporate mystery in a historical fiction because her husband enjoys reading detective books. That was enough to understand why the end product was so sub-standard.
The books tries to put a sci-fi twist into a (mythical) Santa Claus legend, but falls short. 'Santa' is minor - until late in the story.
I could not the book.pLease Could not open the book. Please advise. Thanks
started out as a good story but I stopped reading at the slavery/rape part
This was described as a short story. It's not even that. It's just a cliffhanger. No ending.
Ace Atkins usually writes a pretty entertaining novel. This one is pure trash and doesn't carry the story well at al. Not worth the price at any cost.
Poorly written. Dull. Not very captivating.
The author had a definite political bent that tainted the story. Otherwise, it was a sweet book.
A lot of characters and can be a little hard to follow. Not a page turner and I kept waiting four something exciting, shocking to happen. I was incredibly disappointed in the end. I would not recommend.
please remove from my order history! if you were paid for this from my PRIME Account....i want a refund!
I hated it terrible bad bad bad and bad bad bad experience badgers are bad for me all terrible bad.
What is this author thinking? This book - the entire thing should be #1 on the "worst ever not romance book list. " The male was a psychopath rapist and the female was a disgrace to all women. I don't know a woman who could think of this as romance. Total trash and a real shame.
Don't waste your money.
A woman rejects God's love for Satan. She kills and enjoys it. And is covered with blood. She is an animal at the end.
I don't even want to be eloquent in my description of this book. It was just plain awful!! The writing was confusing and repetitive. The characters were not likable or relatable or even well constructed. And the plotline was beyond ridiculous because it just kept going around in circles, with no end in sight. And apparently you have to read the other books to get any insight into the crazy vague ending you were left with. No thanks!! Now I am a fan of dark romance books, but the amount of unwarranted and unexplained death, rape, and hurt threats that Madi got was a bit much. I am utterly baffled as to how this copy managed to make it past beta readers, copy editors, and line editors without someone speaking up about the glaring inconsistencies that this book is steeped in!!! Failure on all counts to anyone involved in publishing this book.
This story lacked originality. In 1st chapter, 4 women talking in the woods. 2nd chapter She is virgin, will only give it up for right man. The male is a shifter, that sees her and smells her. He already wants to do her. In chapter 3, they are in a room, they both feel the inner sparks. They come together and kiss and almost go further until her friend breaks them apart. The female feels she would easily give up her virginity to this stranger, all because of the (feelings) and that KISS. I have read the same thing in so many stories, it's not funny. This was a waste of money and time!
I was looking for a good read and chose this as one of my Prime Reads. I've read some of the author's books and remember them as enjoyable. This one, however, was hard to read and even harder to find the plot. I decided to read reviews to see what others thought and when I read that this book has no hard ending, I quit reading .
And I'll read anything!
I tried to get through it but kept putting it down due to all the errors in grammar and punctuation. They were so distracting that I could only make it through 15% of the book. I want to know how the story ends so if there is an update to the Kindle version with corrections, I'd be willing to pick it back up and add my updates to the review.
Terrible book. Author appears to be a male, but he writes like a woman...flowery detail, over-emphasis on personal relationships, etc. First part of story was almost impossible to get through with the mixture of names and intermingling of history and current narrative. The good reviews this book received are way beyond my understanding.
The premise of the story is ridiculous. Out of morbid curiosity I finished the book. To be honest I skipped parts. I already felt it had wasted time I would never get back.
Sorry, but cheap sophomoric writing and and abundance of profanity. I quit reading a few chapters in, not for me.
Very little info on setpoint how to explanation. Recipes were family size, not for an individual. I am not eating 4 eggs at a time! A total waste of time and money. A huge disappointment.
More of a joke. This books simply states the obvious and provides no actual help. Do not waste your time with this one, you'll just be more frustrated fro doing so.
I really love this SWAT series, but this installment was by far the worst one! There was only one love/intimate scene, which is really odd for Paige Tyler. The story itself was unbelievably slow considering it took course over a very short week. One thing I like about her books is that usually she ties previous characters into the beginning and end of the books, but this one barely gave mention to them...even at the end. I totally get that each book is about certain pack member, but this series has proven that each book is not really a stand alone book, yet this one felt like it. It made it seem as though Zane really isn't very close to any of his pack members. I'm hoping the next book is of the same caliber as the previous books and not this one.
My book club chose this book for one of our summer reads. The plot description made the book sound like a good read. They were not even close. The basic plot of the sisters trying to understand why their mother murdered their father was okay. But the individual story lines of each sister left much to be desired ( unless you're a fan of graphic sex novels). I did finish the book, but what a waste of time! I had to miss our discussion of the book, but I hear it was pretty lively.
This was awful. Truly awful. I have no other words.
I slogged through this weird book and finished it but found it dark, depressing and frankly boring. Waste of time.
Wanted a real book, unable to cancel this mistake. Totally dissatisfied
The book content is very poor.
Nothing new here, just common knowledge and common sense. Bought it on the cheap so I don't suffer buyers regret.
Have had to find a lot of things on my on. Does not show location on map to find things only a general name. Not the guide is you want specific info.
Information repeated over and over. Some good tips however the constant repeating gets old
I'm sorry.... the writing was very good and it COULD have been a good story, but the ending just made me mad. It was truly depressing.
I never got this nor did I order it.
DO NOT BUY THE KINDLE VERSION. The Kindle version is a bad conversion. There are no page numbers. There are strange breaks between some song titles and song lyrics. There is no way to scroll to songs other than continuous swiping up or down. Yes, you could use the TOC, but you have swipe back to the beginning of the book each time a new song is called. I have complained to the seller but no solutions have been offered. AVOID.
This book was a total disappointment. No plot, very slow, finally at the last 25 pages the story became interesting. I have read very many Hannah Howell novels. Usually she is outstanding. The last half dozen have been very poor.
Was not what it said it was on description
I read half but couldn't get it to load again
This is not part of a trilogy, it is simply only the first part of a complete novel. Very disappointing.
Stupid me for thinking I was trading a book and not a review. I hated it and will never read a another book by th I s author.
Ugh. Too much information on using sex for manipulating a man to get information for spying. I am not a prude and I didn't finish it.
I have no idea how the author made the book so long because I tried reading through the first couple of chapters and got absolutely nothing out of it. Long-winded, useless, and unrelated to anything remotely useful. Spend your money elsewhere. 1 star.
Not a favorite for me.
Boring, no real plot just daydreaming about their next meal I gave up reading it after 3 chapters. Needs more story less food discriptions.
I always give Elizabeth Gilbert the benefit of a doubt because I enjoyed Eat Pray Love so much. But I am done with ever reading another one of her books. City of girls is so dragged out and boring I can barely find reason to finish it. I truly think she is a one hit wonder writer and I will never read another one of her books.
This story just got way too weird and made no sense. Sorry not my cup of tea at all
I almost stopped reading this a few times because I thought it was so boring. I finally finished it, hoping it would get better by the end and I was sadly disappointed. I like Catherine Bybee and have read her other series and loved them. I expected more.
This was a tough book to finish. I almost gave up around 30%, then again at 45%. I stuck with it because I truly liked the idea of the story, but the writing style is so hard to follow. I'm sure there was research done on the manner of speaking for the period the story is set in, but it was hard to connect to the story or it's characters because the writing was so hard to follow. The storyline is choppy, jumping from one time to another and back again. The story itself had potential, but there just wasn't any development of the characters or their relationship. I fell asleep several times on this one...
LT Ryan writes another series that I absolutely love to read, the Jack Noble series. I've read the whole thing twice and then bought it thru Audible and listen to it in my truck all the time. So I thought I would give this series a try...😫. I cannot figure out what happened. I can't even finish the first book. It's just mind numbingly boring. It's awful. I can't believe it's the same author. Mr Ryan, please do us all a favor and get back to writing about Jack, Bear, and Clarissa and put this new series on the shelf permanently.
I think the idea of the plot was good, but the writing fell apart at the climax. The final showdown was inane and would never happen. The main characters were well written, but the antagonist and his cronies were stereotypical. There are portions of the story that are absolutely boring, which forced me to scan read. I won't do that if the book can hold my attention which this one failed to do.
Probably THE most boring pretentious book I have ever read! It rambled on incessantly until I wanted to scream "get to the point!". And that was just in the first five chapters . Oh, I understood what it was about, but it wasn't worth the extensive effort I put into reading this dull book. Want a really great book to read, War and Peace.
Where is Book 2? The Summer of 2018 is far behind us. When you said book 2 would be out for the summer, we're you talking 2018 or 2019?
Wth This was horrible so confusing all over the place made no sense I really hated it!! Don't waste your money!!!
In his introduction, the author speaks of the importance of not wasting words, but the introduction itself does just that, as does the rest of the book, at least up to the point that, offended by his wasting my time with what he imagined as his verbal mastery, I quit. I've handled dog attacks in the past without grievous injury, and if I deal with another, it will have to be my prior skills that save me.
Never received this and don't remember ordering it either.
I would like to order it in english not Portuguese.
I Love me a dark taboo read but this was just crap. Same thing over and over. Really don't know how this is getting such great review but to each their own.
This apparently constitutes a book in this century of ours. The non-existent lord help us.
If you buy this book, only the author will make money online.
The author lacked knowledge about early childhood development and how care centers are run. If you write on a subject, take time to become educated.
I felt this book was boring. Very informative but hard time to read at least for me. Wish it more detail.
I very rarely do not finish a book but I did not make it past halfway on this one. The characters are all the same, the plot is boring and predictable, everything is way to easy for everyone and the author gets her characters confused. I was often a bit lost as to what was going on when she got the names mixed up. I have no idea what anyone looked like or what the town looks like. Not a good book at all.
I did not intend to order this book.
Story itself is ok, not a lot of depth. The grammar and spelling errors are so bad in parts it is distracting.
This book starts out boring and continues to be even more tiresome as you read it. Couldn't finish it.
Not funny, not clever, rather crude. I didn't finish reading it and deleted it from my Kindle. If you want a funny series about a Senior Citizen, check out Ann B. Ross' Miss Julia. She's a proper Southern lady who gets into situations she never expected, but handles them with aplomb. Characters are rich and some are hilarious.
It was just so predictable. Waste of money, save yourself and do not buy.
This reads like the creative writing assignments from the teenaged girls at my high school. The prose lacks any sophistication and the author has no ear for dialogue. This would probably earn a B- as a portfolio project, only because the student took the time to try and tie up ALL the superfluous loose ends (adding in the twist at the end dropped the grade from a solid B).
This, without a doubt, was the most depressing book I have ever read. There was so much redundant dialogue. My book club chose this book for our next gathering and I'm guessing that there will be people who somewhat liked the book and others like me who hated it.
Barely made past the first page before the main character started whining about being a size fourteen. Why are all these books the same? I don't mind reading about a plus sized woman, but I don't to be depressed when I 'm doing it.It is supposed to be a romance novel. All women something about themselves that they wish were different, but it doesn't have to control their lives Did not finish.
Too technical on description of ships
Disappointed that the item never came
I did not order this,,,, I already own all the books to this series, why would I buy these ????? want my money back for this order, thanks donna sue
I had an issue with my purchase and contacted the publisher. They did not respond to repeated requests.
This was my introduction to Allende, and I honestly would have never ever read another if a friend had not suggested trying 'The House of the Spirits', which turned out to be WONDERFUL. Eva Luna is also wonderful. Those two books made me feel so alive that I feel they opened an entirely new side to life for me, one I had perhaps buried years ago and one that has made the world come alive for me again ... This book feels like an entirely different person wrote it, it's boring, cliche, nonsensical and makes me feel dead and tired. I also didn't appreciate the political digs in it referencing the 2016 election (and I'm very moderate, not conservative ... I just feel the political situation today actually has so much nuance and depth to it, and the approach of this book not only utterly fails to understand what's happening but actually makes the divides worse ... just awful). Whatever you do, don't judge Allende by this book alone!
Thank you Ms. Hamilton for helping me fall asleep at night! As with many other Anita Blake fans, I am pondering the reason I purchased this latest book in the series. No plot, no excitement. It is filled with so many descriptive elements of what characters are wearing, the exact shade and length of their hair and their percentage of body fat. Why do we need to know that someone's hair looks coarse from across a room? I was surprised that it did not include the fabric content and a link to purchase their clothing as well. Pages of confusion in deciding who's lap Anita should sit on in a vehicle. I found myself constantly skipping ahead to find content that had some actual bearing on the story. It improved slightly after they arrived on the island, but I still found it lacking anything interesting. Anita didn't do anything in this story that a human woman couldn't have done. Please, please Ms. Hamilton, dig deep and write another kick ass story.
Poorly written rip off of Escape from New York/LA. Half the time the writing didn't make any sense from one paragraph to the next. The characters don't even rise to the complexity of those from the material the entire plot was rehashing (the previously mentioned Escape series), which is pretty bad. Calling them one dimensional would be giving them too much credit. The sequel Is a hard pass.
Makes a decent point and then repeats it over and over and over and over.... so repetitive and no ability to capture this reader's attention.
In fairness, I did quit midway through. Believe me, it wasn't because of the hilarious humor, (I found none.) And it wasn't because of the fabulous romance. (Again, I found none.) I read eleven chapters, 38% percent of the book, not a laugh out loud moment once. The h has only encountered the presumed H, one time. If there was any chemistry there, it didnt translate well, in print. He appears at this point, to be forgotten. It just seems to be going on and on and on. Round in circles. Taking the long way, but getting nowhere. I didn't stop because it was interesting. To me, it just was not.
Straightforward but boring. I skimmed and then gave up. It didn't get better. Definitely lacking. I enjoyed the Greek element but did not connect with the story or the characters.
This book is such a hot mess. It's so dumb, I think I'm just slightly dumber for having read it. It sucks away your IQ points it's that stupid. I feel like going to the author's house and demanding that she come over and mow my lawn to pay back my time. If you like the matchmaker series, skip this one. You'll be doing yourself a favor.
I enjoyed the first 3 books in the series; however, I could barely make it through 2 chapters of book 4 before removing it from my IPad. Personally, I think the worst thing an author can do in a fictional book is to interject his or her political preferences in a slight of hand kind of way. I am moving on to authors who leave their own personal political views out of their stories!
I guess I had higher expectations for this book from the reviews. I really thought I'd at least like it. The plot idea was great. I loved Ash but, it just didnt go anywhere. Most of the book was about their radio show and talking to callers. I wanted the author to dig deeper so we could really get to know the characters. All we know about Grace is that she is attractive looking, Latino and is kind of a brat. I'm dissapointed.
I read the first two Jane Hawk .novels hoping for a conclusion. When there was none, I begrudgingly bought the third. This book is beyond wordy. Upon finishing this novel, I was very disappointed that again there was no conclusion, and alas, I would be forced to buy the fourth book. As there is no gaurentee of a conclusion I will not be purchasing the next novel. This is a scam.
Shallow plot and character development. Lacking vivid description of setting, motives, and characters. Disappointing ending, not believable in the least.
I did not purchase this item
I thought I was getting a New Testament bible to read through out the year. Not described properly.
I rarely leave bad reviews, avoiding them by only buying books with at least 75 reviews to avoid those "stacked" by relatives and friends. I made an exception for this one and was almost immediately sorry. Full disclosure: I only made it to the 20% mark and deleted it from my Kindle. Stilted, choppy writing with obvious foreshadowing [like the footman in the hallway trying not to look interested just after h has a conversation with her brother about the H being a spy for England] made it impossible to be absorbed into the story or feel any emotional connection to the characters. I read hundreds of books each year and am willing to bend some grammar rules for a sophisticated story line with interesting characters. This one felt like a pre-teen novel being read out loud in a monotone.
Well, that was a waste of time.
What a horrible, HORRIBLE book. Its incomprehensible to me how women authors can create male leads that belittle, mock, and disparage the female lead and she is TURNED ON BY IT. How can you send that kind of message to people? To teenage girls and boys that may read this book? That it's ok to talk to women and about women like that because WE LIKE IT? Do you realize how much that promotes rape culture? I think I got through 25% of the book before I just could not stomach the male lead after he said he'd make her his whore. I'm just repulsed by the whole thing. I don't care how hot the guy is, if you got talked to like that in real life you would punch the guy and walk away, not get all hot and bothered. I also don't care that there's an HEA at the end. THE END DOES NOT JUSTIFY THE MEANS. Just absolutely horrible.
Could not finish this book, much to violent and grafic and disturbing to read. Will not finish reading it.
Pages in book were blank. Can't follow story.
For being about being in love with your fiancé's brother it's wasn't awful but was made awful by Beth. She is not likable at all and her background was written much more tragic than necessary.
I did not receive this product. Seems as though it was a false advertisement.
If not a complete story there's nothing more for me with the story or author . Thought I had found a good author
Just another useless book about affiliate marketing where it's only focus on promoting expensive products that you know nothing about. Nothing new here that you can't find for free online if you're interested in only promoting expensive products that you know nothing about. I strongly disagree with promoting something that you know nothing about, and something that you don't use personally. Affiliate marketing should be something that you use by yourself and have valid reason to recommend that product or service to others. Majority of niches mentioned in this book, such as weight loss, forex trading etc., are straight up scams that delivers zero value to their customers. If you want to learn about doing proper affiliate marketing, than avoid this book.
I felt the few minutes it took to read was a waste of time.
This book has a interesting storyline but I found this book about as much fun to read as a textbook. Reading it was like slogging through a bog - it just didn't flow. If lack of proper punctuation and misuse of words (their for they're, your for you're, etc.) annoys you, don't bother with this book. I did persist until the end because I wanted to see how it played out. Guess what? There is no end. Everything is left up in the air, nothing is resolved! Ugh!
This was poorly written, my ebook had multiple editing errors. The plot was boring and typical. I go into romance/erotic books knowing that it's going to be played out but there was nothing about this book that stood out to me.
I tend to like dark novels, but I didn't like this one. I found it a bit on the slow side and had to make myself finish it.
At first I was hooked. But then, the story became slow paced, twisted, farfetched, unbelievable. I really didn't enjoy it.
This book was a disappointment! I typically can read straight thru in one setting. I struggled to keep focus. I was confused by the storyline. It felt thrown together and lacked passion. Ghost writer?? This is not the same author that i have enjoyed for years! Not worth it. Wait until it is a free read. I want my money back. Good reading is a result of excellent writing...this was not a good read!
The beginning of this book wandered from one point to another. Kept reading and finally by mid point I cared about the characters. But at just over half read I could not go on. The horrific cruelty depicted...I read fiction to escape from the injustice and inhumanity of this life...this was revolting enough to give me nightmares.
Don't bother. I knew "whodunit" about half way through. I finished the book but was annoyed. Also, there are a few times where the wrong character is referenced. That's just shoddy editing.
A bit predictable I had to make myself finish reading it Did not make me want to read more books by this author
This is one you can put down and the bad guys are a surprise! Some times a good book moves slow but it's still worth reading!!
This book could have been soooooo much better. It was confusing because it just started. It read like cliff notes. Nothing was joined together, not the characters, nor the timeline. If the author would take time a rewrote this book I would reread it. I liked the main characters.
Didn't like it. Never bothered to finish it.
I previously reviewed the first book in the series, Witching on a Star. That wasn't a success by any means – I rated it 2,5 stars, and while I had high hopes for a reverse harem set in a witching academy, my hopes fell flat and the book was a bit of a dissapointment. Still, I picked up book two, As You Witch, because I wanted to see if it would get any better. The series has a lot of potential, it just never executes it well, so I thought that maybe some of those kinks would've gotten fixed in book two. Alas, no such luck, and I even liked this one less than the first one. This book was filled with unnecessary drama from the start until the end. With a million possible options to pick villains when your book is set in a witching world, the author keeps on using the mean girl as a villain. It's dull and predictable. The dialogue is so bad that I had to roll my eyes at every other sentence. Max is immature, childish, entitled, and the guys she's supposedly in love with are so bland and boring even I wouldn't be able to keep them apart. There is no conflict. There's nothing really at stake. The relationships are too perfect – these four guys are instantly OK with all of them being with the heroine, and none of them is trying to win her for themselves. Of the four guys, only two have a hint of a personality, and the other two are basically just thrown in so this would be a reverse harem and not a love triangle. Either give them more personality or focus on the two that do have developed personalities and that a reader can root for. Look, I know I'm one of the few who isn't fond of this series, and it has really high overall ratings on Goodreads and Amazon. So, don't take my word for it, this is after all just my opinion. But as far as reverse harems go, I've seen a lot better than this one.
This is a long read that would benefit from losing some of the overly long descriptions and unnecessary subplots. The book does work at sentence and paragraph level, and some of the ideas are very good. But at the end of the day, I hit the halfway stage and went 'enough'!
After finishing part 2 of this 3 part book series, I have to admit that I will not be reading book three... even though I already paid for it. (Which is a shame bc this "series" is nothing more than one book randomly chopped into three parts, so they can charge a bit more, and so I will never see how it ends. Although I don't need to read it to know- it's THAT predictable. Like in your face obvious what is coming. And it's stupid.... kinda like the main heroine.) Did I mention that, although the h is supposed to be an intelligent Harvard grad who does well at her job, she reacts to everything like a twit and her internal dialogue is filled with thoughts that make her TSTL. And at the first sign of romance, she suddenly can't manage her work ethic anymore. But it wasn't allll bad. The plot and tempo of the books may have been crap, and I may have wanted to strangle the vapid and hypocritical main heroine.... but, The main Hero seemed well developed, and the smut scenes were hot. So I gave it two stars for good guy and bed scenes- which were nice, but not enough to make me read the final book in the series.
Well I picked up the second book because I thought maybe it would be better than the first. But it wasn't. So much worse. I am uninterested in the majority of the characters except the ones that get killed off. I particularly find the main character to be a smarmy ass.
This Bible is not in chronological order. I know that the Bible does not go from Genesis to Chronicles.
Didn't finish it. Every story was like the last one. The book promised lots of details but it didn't deliver. Became bored after while.
0 to 60 in.... no magic then suddenly super powerful with no training and somehow able to do a perfect spell. Honestly dreaded getting deeper into book Hurts my head to try and understand how the author can cram stuff together and everybody loves it
This book started out good but during the middle of the book it got really slow. It took me a lot longer than usual to finish and I found myself skipping pages. It got better towards the end, and then it was over.
Far too repetitive. Far too repetitive. Far too repetitive. Far too repetitive. Far too repetitive. Far too repetitive. Get the picture ??
First books were significantly better
Read reviews of book in NYT and other outlets which led me to think this would be a wonderful, insightful read. It was not! It was very awkwardly written, there were far too many meaningless characters to try to keep track or and little interesting character development. Most of the characters seemed more like stereotypes than real people. A major disappointment.
I'm so very disappointed...I only got thru a 1/3 of the story. I thought it was going to be about Scotland...maybe even time travel. It took place in a little town in Texas. There were too many crazy characters to keep straight. Sorry just wasn't for me!
What wedding planner doesn't know the names of the bride and groom going into being interviewed for the job? So, for me, this book was just a huge mess from the start. I found it unbelievable, with characters that didn't engage me, and with an epilogue that capped my rating at two stars, because if nothing else, the writing, editing, and grammar were okay.
The characters were nicely developed. But the story line was not thrilling or shocking. It was just weird. Some of the plot was predictable. The ending where all the answers come together...was far fetched and a bit unbelievable. This book is just OK.
I'm reading this and have to check and see what series it is because I have no clue what is going on
Formulaic, boring, repetitive and annoying. The protagonist, Isa, is neither intelligent nor introspective for a lawyer. What is offered as self - reflection comes off as merely insipid whining. Her daughter had too big a role in the book while doing nothing but crying and nursing. If the author had described Isa had nursing that crying baby one more time, I would have ended up screaming.
The author knows nothing about human health. Just what the commercial interests put out! Don't waste your time reading it.
I have read every one of Mr. Berry's Cotton Malone books and have loved them all except for this one. It was far too preachy and not at all what I expected. I was bored to death and skim read most of it. Sorry to say I wish I had not bought this book.
This was a "sweet" romance and the friends to lovers trop is one of my favorites, but I did NOT like the implementation at all. The Hero was too clueless to be believable and the heroine lacked self esteem to such an extent it was irritating. There was lots of introspection and there was absolutely no chemistry between H/h. In fact, there is a moment when the heroine finally has enough and I thought: "good, now she'll go find someone who turns her on". Not the emotional reaction the author intended, I'm guessing... I was also annoyed by the fact that the Hero had a girlfriend he neglected for most of the book -- not a good omen. And there were a number of things that should have been addressed a bit more thoroughly: how the heroine was going to deal with Nick's mother, the grandmother's behavior towards the heroine, etc. Add to all that the fact that it went on and on with nothing happening and no real psychological step forward, and it was a bore of a book. There was no emotional payoff and basically will be forgotten by this evening. I can't recommend this one.
Good writing, interesting story line. The characters were thin and I never got into the story. A single story broken up in to the short books. I don't understand how this series got so many great reviews. One review mentioned the Pharaohs. There are no pharaohs in this series. Previews don't fit the books at all. Will not be buying any more books by this author
Being part of a family of teachers, I found this story very unrealistic and the "mother" as very self-absorbed. I doubt she would last very long as mother to any classroom.
The booklet is more like a give away that would come with a product for free. Not very pleased with it al all.
Once again a book written for those who essentially are beginning in BDSM. If you are, this book will for sure help you understand the core of the lifestyle, but then again, 90% of BDSM books written will do the same. I bought this book hoping it would cater more to those who do have some experience and are looking to advance their knowledge and skills. This book just repeats what the other 90% of the books do. The last part of the book was interesting. Dealing with the Dark and spiritual side of BDSM. I found that to be an interesting read. I just wish BDSM authors would stop turning out the same info book after book and hat someone would write a book that focuses on advance BDSM not beginner.
I love all her other books, but the author sold out to "the flavor of the month" and it cheapened, and basically ruined the book. It also could have used some editing. Not well done.
So it needs better instructions. Doesn't work very well for my prelit tree.
Overall I found this book to be a disappointing followup from the first which I enjoyed. I have opted to discontinue reading the series as a result of this. Hope that in the next series the author writes he can get back to the form in the original book.
Ii usually love her books but I was very disappointed in this one. The sons, all military men, rush home because their father goes missing during a snow storm. Days and days go by and still no sign of the father. However, during this time the son Angus can rekindle his love life with his old girlfriend, solve the mystery of who killed her stepfather, rescue her from a man who kidnapped her and propose to her. His father's disappearance had very little significance for this family. They never find his father and don't appear to me to be that concerned.
Basic plot. Nice simple story to fit in between reading more complex novels
I personally did not enjoy this book as others have. It just tried too hard. The main character didn't feel real to me. Then the relationship with Raymond didn't feel real either. And the ending followed suit. I felt like the author was pushing it to make the twist happen. Wish I could say it was a winner for me, but I had to push myself to get through it as my bookclub was reading it.
I thought it was a very sweet story but pretty fantastical. Would be perfect for the Hallmark channel. Quick read and the recipes were interesting. But .....
I am so confused. This book lost me on the part where Tim Burton's Batman exists in this universe. Is this supposed to be the origin story of the Joker, or is this just a story that has nothing to do with DC Comics and just has a misleading title? I don't know. This didn't answer anything. But it does have good drama in it. DC fans, don't bother with this.
Just weird. I've got a pretty strange sense of humor but this was just out there.
I read this book till the end and really don't like it. At the first time in my life I met such kind of boring book, and spent my time for nothing. Very sad for that.
The points of view change with no notice. For a brief few pages it was the end of the story, after the first baby was born. The sex became dom/sub. And let us not forget all the typos throughout the story. Oh yeah, the plot needs some work as it jumped from place to place.
I wanted something for quick quilts. This was not it. If you have never made a quilt, this would be a good place to start. Not much of interest for me, but good for a real newbie.
The characters are very likable and the premise/plot is original as well. There's no doubt that Joe Hill is a talented writer. I just hate the fact that the book is so slow paced and at times very boring to read. It's very hard to pick back up once I put it down and that is a huge negative for me.
This is one of those books I got for free that was worth every penny. I kept waiting for the story to start. I didn't like this book very much. I felt the characters were one dimensional, the plot was obvious and there was no life or character development I'd skip this.
Good start, but that's about it
This book was just okay. I really didn't pop for me. I believe the author could've unpacked the story line a little more. The story could've had potential, but it some what feel rushed.
Creepy. Only read one chapter.
I like the style of Mr Petit, I really enjoy Westerns, but I am sick and tired of the women either getting raped or forced into prostitution, sometimes both. I think this author needs to come to grips that he just might have a problem with females. I have read several of his books and have yet to read one that at least one woman isn't raped. Mr Petit, maybe you need to talk to someone and figure out why you feel the need to always demean women and constantly have the main male character nothing short of God like. Just my personal take on his books.
The story had potential with Victor's unique abilities, but it was impossible to tolerate Alex. The psychologist (Alex) was self indulgent and apparently incapable of rational behavior. In the penultimate scene he ignored the options he may have used to avoid disaster - and escaped despite himself. For an apparently gifted practitioner, Alex failed to recognize and respond to Victor's deadly abilities, and lacked a plan to resolve the story's plot and his own repeating personal failures. Not a satisfying read...
Saw an ad for this book on FB, and the reviews sounded good so I purchased it. After making it through 27% of the book, I decided to give up. Too many characters to keep track of and all seemed similar. It just didn't make me want to continue on the journey. I RARELY give up on a book or post less than great book reviews. But this was so disappointing after the FB build up that I felt the need to say something.
A little discouraged that I found a typo in the very first 5 minutes of reading it. Kindle version has no photos, and the kindle app is not available for my Samsung tablet.
Skipped lot of pages due to the per-marital sex. Violence. Some parts of the story were good stories.
Interesting setting, a bit gloomy.
I probably skipped 1/3 of the book, it just kept rehashing over and over. The story is good but it needed to be written better
I didn't finish it! It just didn't seem to flow right. I felt like the author was making excuses for every action.
Not sure why this is considered a great classic. Found it relatively tedious and uninspiring. If you're looking for a revolutionary new literary style of the same vintage, read Joyce's Ulysses instead. If you're looking for a great story of the working class struggle, read Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath instead.
Expected more than a long complaint about how difficult it was to find the time to write a book
Stayed distracted by spelling and grammar mistakes. This could have been a whole lot more readable had someone taken the time to proofread .
the story was really slow
The Author got sick of her stupid characters, and stopped writing.
The story is easy to read. It is tragic that the author had to live through and survive a marriage with a narcissist. I am not clear as to why she felt she had to move to another country after the divorce. I do not understand the poor relationship with her daughter and whether or not that was resolved.
It was pretty captivating in the beginning, but towards the middle somewhere it seems like she lost that spark and got lazy. I feel like I'm reading a book of cheesy cliches whenever theres supposed to a build up to a suspenseful or dramatic scene. it's mostly in Flora's chapters I start to feel this way. Maybe if I finish the whole thing it'll get better, but for now I can't help roll my eyes overtime she tries come up with a snappy comeback
This is my first book from this author it will be my last. The reason being the main character was extremely weak to be an adult , also way too much time spent on her and her boyfriend Greg.then When she finally gets a clue that she has feelings for Elliot the book is about to end .
I really didn't care for this book. In my opinion, it was too descriptive which made the book too long and it didn't capture my attention.
I had high hopes for this book especially since I love reading this type of genre. This book fell flat for me as the dialogue and plot was way too cheesy for me. Here we have Madison who is sought after the Elite Kings and they ALL have feelings for her. I mean come on!!! I finished the book but it was really difficult. I attempted the second book of the series but I just couldn't.
I️ understand this was a prequel or short story, but the editing of it was horrible. I️ found myself tripping over sentence and words and having to read it over to try make sense. More than once it was written in first person then jumped back to third person. There was a bit of lacking when it came to the chemistry between the main characters. Maybe it will be more in the novel to come?
I was so excited for Zoey and Austin's story but was disappointed by it. I don't feel drugged in and compelled to read the rest if the series like I usually am with K.C Lynn books.
I can't think of any writer other F. Scott Fitzgerald that has had such of a yo-yo effect on me. I thought 'Gatsby' was the real deal, 'This Side of Paradise' I gave up on, some of his short stories left a big impression on me, whereas, 'Tender Is the Night' felt like a bit of a mess. I put this down to his personal life, which wasn't exactly plain sailing. 'The Beautiful and Damned' sits comfortably in-between this lot, lounged in the Ritz-carlton to be precise.
Wow, this was not an easy read. Although the many, many acronyms were identified in the glossary section, it made reading and following the story very cumbersome. I found it annoying that there was such a frequent need to flip back and forth to the back of the book for the definitions. This constant reading interruption greatly detracted from enjoying the story line.
Cannot open this book. I think I need help. Thank you
The dialogue in this novel is so protracted and stilted, I could barely stand to finish the book. Sadly disappointing.
I did not like how women where treated as just a sexual object in this book. This book was just a bit to evil for me, I am not sure I want to read anymore books by this author.
I guess it was okay as I did finish it, but my god I'm still wondering why. It's like eating something completely average thinking that the next bite would be better only to find in the end it wasn't worth the chewing.
This is a weird book and a great example of an author losing total control of a story. The first half of the book is pretty good but as soon as things get into space it's like a different author began writing. The characters become totally unbelievable and the authors knowledge of space flight, procedures and even basic equipment operations become all or apparent. The audiobook narration is great but this book falls apart in the worst way imaginable. The story become contrived and the behavior of the astronauts is so laughable it's insulting to NASA. I cannot help but think this book lacked from having honest beta readers and several desperately needed rewrites. The author should have spent a lot more time in research. I cannot recommend it to anyone.
I was disappointed with this book. I expected it to give more concise information about fasting and the foods to eat. Instead, it is one lengthy scientific explanation after the other (and I have a science background) about biochemical processes in the body. Some explanations are fine, and necessary, but it can become overkill. Having read the book cover to cover I couldn't explain it to you in a way that makes sense to you. I think most lay people looking for information about fasting do not need such detailed scientific explanations; they want information that is applicable without having to become an expert in biochemistry.
I did not like it. I did not finish it.
This story could have been so much better had the writer followed her own spells from the book. Do not fake it.......
Sadly, quite boring. Couldn't make it through more than half of it.
Graham is a heck of a talk show host, but after reading this I have come to the conclusion he has nothing to do with the writing of his fascinating and often risque questions. His book reads like a Wikipedia article. He is Irish, gay and drinks. No news there. Or in this book. I have seen others write about how funny he is in this book, did not see any of it.
Very disappointing. Didn't even have an interest in finishing it.
A BABY FOR THE OFFICER certainly fits in with the category of "young, naive girl meets older, gorgeous hunk who is desperate for her," this novel was so inaccurate it was almost silly. Lyla moves to a small town to start a new job, only to find that her employer-to-be changed his mind. With no warning and a dwindling cash supply, she's desperate. Then she hears about Clay, the sheriff who needs a nanny. Bingo! The two meet. He's a hunk, and she's perfect for the job. Besides the fact that this is an overused plot, the novel has some major flaws. Problem #1 -- Clay's relationship to the baby was never clearly defined. Problem #2 -- When the court told Clay that he had to take the baby, the court would have first declared the baby abandoned; and second, made him her legal guardian. Problem #3 -- In some states, grandparents have limited rights. In other states, grandparents have no rights. So, in spite of their wealth, it's doubtful the parents of the mother could threaten to take the baby away.
First book was great, but the second book stops at what seems like the middle of the story. Many typos and a horrible stopping point
I just couldn't get into this book. I read about 3/4 and then quit. I don't usually do that but I'm behind in my reading. Maybe this just isn't the right book for me
So as much as the title really draws me in I didn't really enjoy it as much as I thought. You can try this book out as the book is free on Amazon. I do feel as though the book was rushed. We have a Doctor Tess who has patients that come in all with the same symptoms over a period of time. Yet she is the only one connecting the dots? When she does connect the dots it seems that it is something bigger involved yet we are left wondering if anyone gets in trouble for being behind the dying and the sick people? Another thing is the scene with the bomb like did the police not talk with Doctor Tess? I think the author needed to add more to the story and get Tess to actually seem like a doctor.
The book started out better and faster. But it got slow and boring. Then it took a turn. Not sure if I liked it.
Written in the old style, cold facts without body or personality. I did finish it but I don't know why.
Read this book for my bookclub. Disturbing read, and I felt the graphic description of porn films was gratuitous. It wasn't needed to advance the story. It felt like her editor was saying, "You need to add some sex scenes in here to spice it up."
I have read almost all her books. This was her worse by far.. amature writing. Not worth the read .
I like the love between the characters in each book, but each story is the same. They have an instant connection when they meet, they either try to stay away from each other or be together, there's a big issue, one almost dies or get injured, and they live happily ever after. The only difference is of course setting, main characters, and the conflict. But they're pretty much the same.
Sorry, this person is TSTL. No way she was ever made a detective. Even if it was just supposed to be funny, it should have been based in reality.
I did not enjoy this book. What might have been a good entertaining story was muddled by her characters' internal philosophical/psychological meanderings, none of which made much sense and which interrupts the plot constantly. I found myself skimming over too many sections and disliking otherwise likeable characters because they seemed so full of themselves. Maybe the author meant to portray them this way?
This was a tough read. I wanted to like it. I loved parts of the story because it was well written and offered unique perspective. However, i The story didn't flow easliy. It jumped back and forth until a death. It wasn't until the very end that it became clear where the author was taking us. Many lives of one young boy who was writing different endings and lives for the same people. Strange approach yet interesting but overall to meandering and too long. It took forever to read and I almost gave up. The historical content and setting was interesting.
It was TOO politically correct I couldn't read this nonsense. All it talked about is how his friends were of different races, religions and everyone accepting each other. Except...The author thought it was acceptable to call one of the kids "Fatty'. Yeah. That was acceptable. If a parent had to rely on this book as an example of treating people with respect ..... what kind of parent are they?
Had a promising beginning & storyline but lost it as the story went continued. Stopped reading at 57% and I still have not motivation to finish it.
My 14 year old son bought this series but couldn't get past the first few pages as he found it boring. Great covers though.
A little too Nancy Drew for me. Predictable. I read to the end hoping for a twist that wasn't there.
First of all I love the series. I love the local setting and all the Key's characters.Why I hated this book and almost stopped reading the series is based solely on my personal taste. Without giving the book away ,I HATED the way the female was treated, Jesse may have been an elite soldier in the past but would not be considered to join an elite squad now, and the dog's name is terrible. (but to me, the dog saved the book) Yes, I will continue to read, but ask Wayne to consider the feelings of his readers.
I wanted more. It ended with questions...
This story started out slow and then got good in the middle and then fell apart at the end. I would not recommend this to a friend and was not worth the price.
I saw this book on Amazon first reads and thought of my grandsons who love to pretend they're dinosaurs and tigers. But I found this book encouraging bad behavior. The tiger refused to wash up, refused to brush his teeth, drank blood! The tiger was in total control and the parent had none. These are not behaviors you want to encourage, so as a result I would not encourage this book. I also found the writing very choppy and disconnected. I gave it 2 stars for the illustrations.
This is the first and only Agatha Christie book that I will ever read. I never felt engaged by the book at all, and I blame that on how horribly contrived the whole story felt. There wasn't a compelling reason to care about the 'whodunit' aspect of the book. I did appreciate the eclectic cast of characters, but it didn't make up for everything else.
I found myself skipping entire pages because it became very redundant. Also, I thought Bex was a bit irritating. I would not recommend it to a friend.
I'm sorry but I could not finish this book. I got 5% in and there were so many typos it became frustrating. Please re-edit and spell check it it. The story itself was good but after about the 20th error I couldn't handle it anymore.
As a true fan of MC romances (my guilty pleasure) I purchased this book based on the positive reviews. I don't get it. The story line was weak and over done, and the characters were immature and not believable. The writing was just not good. This book could have been helped by even the minimal amount of editing. I really hate to leave poor reviews, but I am embarrassed that I paid for this book. There are so many better MC series in KU.
The premise had a lot of potential, and it was really good...up until the reveal. Then she was just like "lolz, it's okay you're a man-whore". Totally lost me after that.
Couldn't follow the plot, shallow characters.
Writing extremely simplistic, heroine hard to like, mystery silly and boring all around.
I thought the story was contrived, the characters were not well-developed, and the writing was not great. That said, I did finish the book.
not a page turner, but it was okay
This was not a thriller at all. Filled with untruths about vaccines and basically attempting to show doctors are unethical. Would not recommend.
I really just did not like the story, but the pictures were great to describe with my son during bedtime.
Not only love at first sight but kind of junior high level with of ups and downs present in a normal adult relationship.
I had hopes of liking this but quickly tired of it. With ratings of 4.5 stars it was a disappointing read for me.
I love the idea behind the story but you needed to grow the characters a bit more rush the story along way to fast. Turn into Monty Hall campaign and yes once again way to short.
More than average boring.
My daughter accidently ordered this and we do not even use a kindle
I'm a big Silva fan, I've read all his books. After the Other Woman, which was great, I was really looking forward to this year's book. Unfortunately I think he just mailed it in. Some unbelievable turns of events, unlikely coincidences and an unrealistic ending. Sorry, but I expected more ...
Only fit for a man's bathroom read.
no heart in this one - whatever the magic is that sucks you into the characters and makes you love them was missing. The heroine was TOO perfect - there was no arc of breaking her down and letting her overcome the trials and tribulations and making her stronger than before - she was level all the way thru. Things happened around her that were bad, to her family, but never to HER and it was like what was the point of this story? A week in the life of a hostage rescue group who happen to have one of their own kidnapped and so much more intimately involved than normal, but other than that - this was simply a week in the life. so to speak and in my humble opinion. I would like to have back the time I wasted on this book, especially since I did because of all the great reviews.
This book was cheesy and predictable. I don't know why I purchased it; I suppose to see how the story ends. Although it's pretty obvious. Would not recommend and will not be buying the third in the trilogy.
This is one of the books that I purchased during the last year to help me with my job hunt. I did not find it as helpful as others. This book is an introduction to the homework you would need to do with the help of other books. It does not tell you the details of what to do, just what you should do. For example, it tells you to have a compelling cover letter, but does not tell you what exactly makes a good cover letter (does not tell you what to include, what not to include, no sample sentences, not what helps in different industries). A number of other books for comparison did help me with those details. This book tells you tells you "know your value", but does not provide information on where to find such information. There are web sites that make that information available for various companies and geographic regions. This information could have been included but is not. This general type of advice continuous through out the book. The suggestions make sense, but they don't really help someone to drive those tasks to completion. Ali Julia review
This booklet is poorly written and edited and includes extremely basic information only. Not mind-blowing as the advertisement suggested, but easy read. This short document reads like a short pamphlet usually found in a doctor's office.
After the first few chapters, I started skimming and I did finally make it to the end. It didn't take long to begin disliking the heroine and to see that the hero deserved someone better. I can understand and accept vengeance to a point. However, the so-called heroine's actions were so cold-hearted, calculated, vulgar and hurtful to innocents that it stripped every ounce of compassion and sympathy I would normally feel for someone who had experienced what she had. The romance between the two was not believable at all.
I just finished book 2 and could not wait to continue the series. Unfortunately, when I started book 3, It was like the end of book 2 never happened. What a disappointment! I will finish the book because I paid for it, but what a letdown. I purchased this in the middle of the night to keep reading, then found out that the story DID NOT CONTINUE. If you are going to write a series, please don't switch horses in the middle of the race!!! I would give book 2 a 5, but I am so unhappy with your handling of this one.
I have the book a low rating because the description does not mention it ends in a cliffhanger!!!! I HATE CLIFFHANGERS!!! Natalie and Steve are former high school sweethearts. I have more empathy for Steve's character because he is honest about his current feelings for Natalie. In the other hand Natalie is in denial about her feelings.
The Book Thief was such a great read so I was looking forward to this book. It was confusing from the start and I kept reading because of the author. I usually always finish a book, but I gave up on this one. I talked to another person who was reading the book. She had the same review.
The storyline caught my attention but I pretty much skimmed the entire first story. I'm not sure if I'll continue and read the last two books in this series.
I've read this guys books for years. This is worst one yet! He must be totally fixated on men's private parts. Page after page after page of size references. Occasionally broken up by an entire chapter in a psychiatrists office. Not even worth the buck I paid for it!
I did manage to force myself to read the entire book, but it required willpower and migraine meds. I would like to stress that the story in and of itself was engaging. My 2 star rating comes from the struggle to read it. There are misspellings. There are page-and-a-half paragraphs with 10s of commas that are basically marathon length run-on sentences. The most challenging aspect of reading this book was the often jarring tense shifts. There is no rhyme or reason to it and it often brought me painfully out of the story. I felt as though I were getting mental whiplash. And that was not helped by the fact that a ENTIRE chapter is repeated! All in all I applaud the efforts of the author to tell a story he wanted to tell. I just can't give a higher rating for this version. If he were to go through and correct the problems that are extant in what I have read, I would probably give a higher opinion. It just doesn't deserve it as the current version stands.
Boring, I quit reading it halfway through
The book was complete at 65% that is not what I thought I was buying at 6.99. Half the book went back through books 1-3 then into the wedding and future a bit. It was good just disappointed. Feel like I got robbed of 35% of a book or my 6.99
A man and his AI....blah blah blah..........about as interesting as a headache. Guess I will try something else. Jeez, just post it.
I think I could have liked this book if the story were told in third person, instead of forcing the reader to experience every thought in the anxious protagonist's head.
It started out good, but the 2nd act of the book didn't match up with the first. It made no sense for Mason to leave Max for that long with a weak explanation. When they finally met again after 2 YEARS, she was ready to forgive. It was ok, but definitely not as good as Desired or Desired Too
I found this to be a very real struggle to read. I am sorry, but it is not my cup of tea in a story, others may love it, but I am not one of those, so I will not be recommending it, but like I said others my love it, so don't place too much on my review.
I really wanted to think about this review before I posted because of mixed emotions. I really didn't like the scenario about the heroine Kate, kept a steady relationship with her ex fiance and new wife, while she was supposedly still in love with him. It's a toxic relationship to be so involved. If they had broken up for a while prior to her ex meeting some else, I could have accepted it better. Luke, the heroine was the best thing about this story and I think that's why I continued to read the book. It did have a happy ending. No sex but there were some swear words. I was a little disappointed in the author about the swear words and I read lots of good authors that don't have to use them. I probably won't read anymore books by this author. I think I read her books in the past and I don't remember them.
This is a short erotica story. The ending is rushed and unbelievable. If you haven't already, read Addicted or Nervous by Zane.
Let us pretend the book did not happen and wait for the sheriff's return. I gave it two stars because it was "good in parts" and because I want the series to continue.
Disappointed in recipes. Not what i was expecting. Wanted recipes for more popular dishes.
Not all interesting, only worth a chapter or two, certainly not a whole book worth of info here. How many times can the same cities names be recited?
Have your antidepressants handy.
I became hooked on this series. The story intrigued me. I bought six or seven of the books. Yet it never came to fruition. There were always unanswered questions. I finally decided that Jace was writing to keep me buying books and never intended to finish. I gave up and quit reading.
The story line was good but somewhere a bit past midway the whole thing derailed. Gary takes Mike to the house where the car bomb killed his mother and says this is the house where he grew up. Earlier in the story he & his parents were in a safe house. A three level gambling boat isn't going catch spray from the river on the third level. Things that make the story unbelievable ruins the story.
I just don't believe these 5 stars reviews anymore. I adore fantasy and there were some nice beats in this book and an interesting main arc - but it all gets buried by too much bloat. There is really only about 200 pages worth of material here. Even that material is basic chosen one beats big baddie. Waaay too many side characters that were pointless. Random POV shifts - as in telling the exact same moment from two or three points of view for no reason other than to add pages to the book. A frankly stupid and unexplained magic system. Somehow PG (no cursing or sex or even food or use of bathrooms) but with R levels of violence and torture. Tone was also extremely serious and desperately needed some humor and levity. Such a self serious slog at times. Please don't believe the 5 star reviews. This book is below a average fantasy inflated with too much redundant filler.
disturbing, though to reconcile, was it the author's intent to make aware the social differences between female and Male pedophiles
This entire book is so played up! She put herself in a situation she thought she could handle...she couldn't and she left. END OF WACK ASS STORY!
Just didn't like the flow of the book plus the storyline wasn't very captivating. It seemed phony. Took me quite a while to finish this book.
It seemed to drag on quite a bit after the first interviews of all suspects and went back and forth between the same suspects in interview form. Started to lose me.
The magic left this version of Little House. Now I feel a mixture of dirty and creepy. I am a Little House fan from the books to the TV series, and this version left me feeling as if I walked into someone's bedroom and not in a good way. This Caroline is a far cry from the strong figure of MA we have grown to love, this Caroline is unsure of herself, obsessed with weird things and in keeping up appearances. This story sucked the magic that is Little House away leaving nothing but a empty husk of a story with characters I didn't know and didn't want to know. I think I'm just sad.
Well, just tried our first recipe tonight and it did not go very well. We tried the Chicken Casserole, which other reviewers had recommended. First of all, it's better described as a soup or stew as it has a TON of liquid (maybe they have a different idea of casserole in the UK, which is where the author seems to hail from). Also, the cooking time on it is laughably too long. It recommends 30 minutes on the poultry setting (which has a default time of something like 15 minutes). This is with all the ingredients - including sweet potatoes and carrots - in the pot. Since I always try to follow a recipe precisely the first time, I went with it, despite my better judgement. Oh boy, I should have trusted my instincts. The vegetables were completely water logged and basically disintegrated when you stirred the contents of the pot. I mean, I made homemade baby food when my kids were little and I didn't even cook the vegetables that soft. It was a shame, because it smelled so good. Maybe I'm being too harsh, and should wait to review after trying another recipe or too, but this was just too terrible. The fact that it was recommended in other reviews really makes me wonder how awful the rest of the recipes are, if this was their favorite. I would have given it one star, but it did taste all right.
Expected a fun, romantic comedy, but ended up being a book where drinking and sex take the place of romance. Having traveled to both places, I liked the descriptions of Vegas and England. There was some romance but this was mostly a disappointment.
I love Graham's talk show on TV and I was looking forward to his book but I found it very disappointing ... It's just nothing special ..
Tastes terrible and doesn't stop my snoring. Waste of money.
Calm and silly. You can't just waltz into a Amish community. It takes years to prove yourself. TRUST has to be earned . YOU DON'T FALL IN LOVE 15 minutes after showing up. And declare you love...SILLY
The book was bad two stars was generous the spelling was awful. Not very interesting at all something maybe teenagers might text each other pretty sad.
Did not expect short stories. Clever, but, not my taste. Hard to say much from this sample. Nothing more to say. Sorry.
This book is supposed to be for women but clearly written for men. Although there is a lot of info backed by science, get ready for a long and boring read. I was looking for some simpler guidance on cleaning up my diet and some workout plan structure. I don't feel it met that for me. There is no real meal plan and workout instruction states workouts will be 60+ minutes/day. Not what I was looking for.
This story doesn't flow well. As an adult I found it hard to follow or stay interested so I'm sure children will have trouble staying focused. On a positive note, it is a very colorful book.
The story was wonderful. The writing style is atrocious, to the point of being maddening. The man is in serious need of an editor!
I don't even really know hat to say. This could have been an amazing book if the author left some of the explicit parts out and spruce up the writing style. I enjoyed how creepy some parts were, but other parts seemed redundant and surface level. Don't know that I'll pick up the second book.
It's kind of like the season finale of game of thrones without the previous 7+ years of awesome world building television. Apparently it is also an anthology which I will pass on continuing.
A disappointing novel by a very talented author. What a pity. Harris' talent is squandered on this poorly developed tale. Full of potentially interesting characters who are more caricatures than fully realized. Lacking the depth one has come to expect, even Harris seems eager to have it come to an end, with an abrupt finale that left me wishing that his talents were put to better use. 😢
I had read somewhere that this was a good book to read, but I found it to be disappointing. It was a challenge to read and understand the Irish wording. The characters were not well defined or likeable. In total, the book was boring.
This book was a major disappointment. I thought it would be better but it was just poorly written.
The premise was good, the characters could use a little more definition. I didn't get a good sense of who they were until halfway through. And the dialogue leaves a lot to be desired. I wish the characters would stop TALKING about their feelings to each other and SHOW me.
if you like sappy love stories with and page after page after page describing her every emotion and nothing much else, then go for it. Not my cup of tea.
This is the first of Carla's books i didn't care for. I've read most of them, nearly all. This story was undeveloped and choppy. Read any other of Carla's books and I'm sure you'll enjoy them. This isn't worth the price. I just didn't feel a connection between these characters.
Can't seem to get into this one.
Story is ok. Did not keep my interest to read the next one yet anyway.... Not at all what I was expecting and not written very well.
I don't get all the 5 stars. Honestly, this could have been a good book, I tried to love it, I really did, but couldn't. Normally I can start and finish a good book in a few hours, this one literally took days. I picked it up, read a bit and couldn't take it anymore, so I put it down. I did this for several days but was determined to finish it. I think what bothered me the most, and it was so hard to get past it, was all the stupid nicknames! Overkill! I got so tired of these adults calling each other childish nicknames, not just one, but several for each family member! But to each his own and it looks like a lot of people loved the book, good for you, honestly. I just can't rate it higher than 2 stars, the nicknames killed it for me.
Very poorly written. Appeared to be a cut and paste of notes.
love the story line. the grammatical errors are annoying and the fact that she chopped this book into so many different parts where it easily could have fit into two, maybe 3 is enough for me to end my journey here on part 3.
Not a bad follow up but the first book was better. This one seemed like a disjointed rush to finish it. Kinda disappointed in it
There was a good story here, but waaaaay too much narrative not relating to anything happening. We got it ... the parents were crazy about each other. Not that interesting. I skipped over long passages. The other characters were far more compelling and could have been better developed. This was just meh.
What an idea for a story that literally could have played out in 50 or so pages but man did this drag out. First, good scenery and characters and writing is decent. Premise is interesting but this book just goes on forever and, spoiler, the contact with the craft is over in a few pages and book done. Period. The end. All this bullshit in the jungle just so repetitive. Didn't care for this book.
This book was a complete miss for me. Whatever humor it contained did not reach me. I found the subject matter of a child engaging in very adult activity be disturbing. I did enjoy the twist at the end but not enough to recommend this book.
I could not finish it, could not read about such cruelty to animals. This is the only book in the "Anna Pigeon" series that I did not love.
NOT enough info! This book just gave the basic Biography of Steve jobs which can be found in Internet and other sources. Moreover, the book is not written in organize way and smoothly. Disappointing!
DNF, Couldn't get into it.
Poor Brian!! He's told cancer has taken up full time residence in his pancreas and his time is limited. He could choose to work on his bucket list or spend time with family, but decides to go out guns blazing, taking those who've wronged him with him. Not much plot.
The story was good, and I'd read all her books except for the fact that after so many times of the same type bedroom scenarios, I ended up skipping all the sex scenes where the author went into great detail about sexual acts. I found that the sex scenes did not add anything to the story, except for an attempt on the authors part to steam up the pages a bit, which was a failure in my opinion. I don't plan to buy any of the other books in the series. Good thing this one was a freebie.
"Try the following: print("Hello world")"
I felt the storyline was weak - I normally find her work interesting and full of twists. This wasn't that for me. I kept wanting for it to better - but it ended before that ever happened.
I hate a story with no end, if I want to read the finish I have to buy another book, not my idea of a good read.
Did not like this book. Thought it was childish and not very well done. Talking animals and spirits are not my thing. Would not read another.
I like all his books, but i was disappointed in the 'book shots' i have read...did not realize they were so short. From now on i will wait till the full novels go on sale to purchase.
I actually paid for the book (only .99 but still), this was a hard book to read (and I'm not done yet). The flow jumps all over the place and it is not a quick fun read (IMHO). I'm sticking with it but so far it wasn't worth the time or money spent. I would go into detail but don't like when book plots are in the reviews
This book has potential if the number of characters were cut down and more history drawn into the storyline. My book club had a great discussion, but agreed it was too confusing.
This book at first I thought may be good then I read some of it and got bored pretty fast. Honestly I'm pretty sure the description was better than the book. Sorry Miss Cole but I didn't like it.
The product wasn't organized well. The author used the alphabet to organize everything without quite getting to the point. Each chapter could have been summed up by bullet points or just made shorter by getting to the point. Much of the book is the author going on and on regarding his personal opinion and also constantly saying, “I'm not being racist or singling any group out I'm just staying this”. The personal opinion parts come out every chapter so far. For example, the author says not to wear big bright logos because they draw attention which makes sense. But then he goes on and on about how he didn't wear logos because he doesn't believe in free advertising for companies that aren't compensating him. I could argue that having logos can help hide you in certain backgrounds. Like if you go to a skater park it helps to be wearing a pair of puffy skate sneakers. I'm halfway through the book and I'm already bored because of the layout. I'm still waiting for the meat.
I am looking for an NIV Bible that is easy to navigate on a Kindle Fire. Sadly, this one isn't working for me, as it's cumbersome and time consuming to navigate. I am hoping to return it.
I chose this because I was intrigued by the synopsis (and I thought I would be able to get to it by Christmas; however it was the new year, but that does not apply here). I have this 2 stars NOT because it was not worthy, it is a good read, it just seemed too slow paced. However, I am willing to try the book again as I read the first half and used the audio version to complete the last half.
I have yet to get halfway through. I'm an avid reader but can not seem to get into this series.
I thought this book was awful. The characters were shallow and hollow, I had no reason to like them or care about their plight. It is completely ridiculous that a man whose daughter is missing would be assigned to this case, much less this unit, since he would be clearly excluded from any such work. The grisly violence didn't work, it seemed completely gratuitous, as we had no background about why a serial killer became so twisted. The 'suspense" was scattered and seemed to be all over the place in scenes, especially toward the end, no congruent thought processes. The author seemed to have looked up internet articles on runaway and missing child stats and threw them in ad nauseam and almost verbatim from internet articles. The author tried to throw in stuff to make the teens seem real, like bands names, and etc. but it was a total miss. This book was a complete, laughable mess, I skimmed the entire second half just to finish it, since there was nothing of substance I would have missed. There are thousands of detective novels out there that are better, and I just will never understand the good reviews, but it was, in my opinion, a complete waste of time. Thank God its was cheap!
75 pages, and throws ideas in without motivation or justification. World building without much point. Without spoiling, certain parts of the story strain belief even with tons of ridiculous magic floating around.
I know I'm in the minority here but I didn't care for this book at all. It started really well but then it became mundane and repetitive. The same thing kept happening over and over and over. The same actions, the same thoughts. I became bored very quickly and started reading another book, coming back to this one for a few more chapters at a time only because I wanted to see how it ended and lo and behold the big reveal was EXACTLY what I had figured out 20% into the book.
I have LOVED this series, that is until now. I am three-quarters of a the way through this book and am finding it hard to finish. It's really rather boring and depressing. Everyone just seems old, or older, and tired. There's none of the wit or snappy discourse I so enjoyed and appreciated from the preceding books. Hoping it gets better by the time this installment of the story arc wraps up, but I am not optimistic and rather disappointed. It seems another series I thoroughly enjoyed is grinding down to a long suffering end (Thanks Robin Hobb and Assassin's Fate! - Grrr!).
I read What Alice Forgot and couldn't put it down. I immediately bought another book from this author. I had heard good things about this as well. I was a little bored with this one. Maybe I like more mystery and suspense than what this had. There were many characters and a lot of talking about birthday parties, Tupperware parties, Easter parties at school. I don't have kids so this is not very thrilling for me or interesting. There were some other things that provided contrast but overall the story didn't grab me. I hate not finishing books but I struggled to get through this one. I could have stopped half way though.
Meh They probably matter most to the people who said them
But the story just didn't deliver. The writing didn't really flow and to be honest the timeline wasn't believable in the least. I couldnt finish the book. Add to that the grammatical errors that could have been avoided with a solid proofreading. Hopefully the author will keep trying.
I adore Bentley Little stories so I guess I was let down by these short stories. It was definitely not my favourite anthology and I felt that the majority of the stories felt unfinished. Bentley has an amazingly unique voice and his ideas were gold but somehow they just didn't translate. Of the gems, read : Slam Book Children's Hospital Last Rodeo on the Circuit (my favourite by far) The Mall
I pushed through the agonizingly horrid word scramble because I wanted to finish the story. The characters work, the plot worked, the police procedure was acceptable. I cannot make myself buy the second book in the series. Sorry.
I was disappointed. The stories seem to ramble and then abruptly end in a random place. The author's writing style is fine, and if any of the stories/essays actually had any kind of ending it would have been a pretty good book. But alas, she never gets around to closing out the story or writing any kind of climax or resolution so about halfway through I gave up.
The three main characters where horrible people. All the self inflicted torture Ellie went through was perfect for her. Will was as thick as a brick. No accounting for Tia. Pathetically evil. Poor Baby Bill. SPOILER ALERT: What woman doesn't know she has no uterus until she is 30 years old? Hello......................
The first chapter kept my interest but after that it was a boring slog thru the conversations with a known liar. After a time I was flipping pages trying to find an end to it all. A sad story that could have been shortened
I enjoyed the story and was so sorry for what Jacks was enduring. That said, my Kindle kept omitting pages from the book. Yes, I was more than able to keep up, but there's no excuse for it. The surprise ending was totally unexpected! Will look for more books by this author.
First, the writing was rudimentary. But the conflict involving the co-worker was interesting enough to rate it three stars. Unfortunately, there were too many errors. The antagonist was called by the wrong name (Amanda instead of Tori). At least twice in the book it referenced the main characters having boys when in fact they had a boy and a girl. Furthermore, there was a sex scene in which the male leading character said he didn't want to hurt the baby (from his penetration)- but the woman was not pregnant. Lastly, I'm not sure if it was formatting issues or a bad cut and paste job that caused sentences from previous paragraphs to be repeated out of context. I wanted to rate this book higher but these mistakes are indicative of sloppy writing and editing.
I'm giving this two stars, not because of the stories (they are great) but because it's yet another e-book travesty jam-packed with typos. I've only read the first two stories and have already come across about 50 missing periods, misplaced quotation marks, and so forth. And in the first story there were FIVE places where the word "land" was misspelled as "kind". For some reason. Amazon should be ashamed to sell defective junk like this, but I guess they aren't ashamed of much.
Not my idea of a good read
Unimaginative. Boring. Would have been better as a novella in my opinion.
DNF'd. This made me very uncomfortable for some reason. I didn't buy the friends to lover aspect.
I'm not a 100% believer in bigfoot, but I heard something in the woods once that made me wonder. My curiosity still gets the best of me and I turn to this kind of story. I read bigfoot books and can't help but wonder who's lying and who's not. This is the last book in this series that I'll buy. This story has gone so far beyond believable that I wouldn't be surprised to see the great and powerful Oz show up. Also, these short installments really cause me to lose interest. If it were published as a single book, I probably would have finished the story.
The writing is ok and the premise good but I'm 1/4 into the book and our heroes haven't even met yet! I'm bored!!!
As a fan of this particular genre, I'm familiar with plot lines that while thoroughly enjoyable, may not be realistic. This story however was so thoroughly unrealistic that even for me it was hard to swallow. The author did a poor job of explaining why a man and woman would fall so deeply in love at first sight, that they would be willing to risk their brother and husband respectively. It was too far of a stretch. I thought there were ways the author could have made the premise work but I feel like she took shortcuts by hanging everything on the idea of love and passion at first glance.
I have read all of DS books. Was very disappointed in this poorly written novel. The depth of the characters were lame as was the happily ever after ending.
The story has possibilities, however is so slow, that I got distracted easily and just didn't want to finish it.
Spent a lot of time with multiple rabbit holes and ended with a "gopher" out of left field having done the crime. Basically, a waste of my time.
Another free book not worth the time but worthy of 2 stars because I didn't notice any spelling errors. Story was dull and felt forced.
Interesting crime story but not really book worthy. Sadly this tale of a weirdo, two families, murder and deceit is too common today. I was let down after the revelation of the actual crime, from the long buildup and I guess that's a good thing. Reading too much about the depths of mans depravity is probably unhealthy anyway.
Too much telling about the beauty of the jungle among other things
Too technical for me but my husband may enjoy it. I had to skip parts of it but wanted to know how it ended.
I have absolutely loved every Tana French book I've read--except this one. She's a brilliant writer, but this book was a slog. I couldn't wait to be done. I just couldn't care about the main character-- whiny, self-obsessed, painfully introspective. Not much of a whodunit either. Pick up something else by this talented author.
Can you even begin to believe that your husband is having numerous flings and you aren't even suspicious. Then he is murdered with another woman and the wife is immediately involved with another man. Anyway I found it unbelievable and a bit boring. Too much dialogue. I skipped a lot
I loved the first book, but considering the release date for this book got pushed back, I really expected more. In short this book just seemed rushed. There was grammatical errors, words where there shouldn't be, words spelled wrong, words spelled right but not the correct word (ex: one instead of on) Also agree with other reviewers that I really felt no connection between Eve and any of the boys this time around.
I nearly gave up on this one after reading the sample but gave it a go anyway. The beginning is jumpy and by that I mean it starts telling a bit of the story and just jumps forward without explaining what the girl actually did. That stops after a while but then you have to deal with this pretty unlikable heroine and all these other characters that are just as flawed. I found the world building, or the way magic is used, to be pretty bland and stale. This has all been done before in other books that are way better. The familiars are the most interesting characters but the writing is so obvious that you know where this is all leading all the time. Might be ok as a book for bed time reading to the grandkids. Can't really recommend this one as I just could not like the characters or get interested in the story.
This short story might appeal to teenagers but as an adult woman I felt it lacked substance. Not motivational at all.
There may be good ideas in here, but I found the informal style irritating. I tried to get past it, but couldn't. I can't think of the upside to using that style in a science book. You risk getting in the way of the content for no gain.
I read all three books in this series now. The first was good, the second excellent but the third, tedious. Too many names to follow, boring story, no substance to the book. There was very little real action. Just people running around from place to place. No tracking skills shown by Hawke and very little mention of Native American ways. The hero could have been anybody. I slogged through to the end just to say I finished. Hope her next book is better, but I'm not sure I will buy it.
The story is pretty familiar, awkward girl gets noticed by a billionaire. They have an affair and pays her rent and tuition. It ends in a cliffhanger. I think this could've been better if there was more story and not so much detail. The author spent too much time, in my opinion, describing what they were doing and not enough on the angst and feelings the characters were experiencing.
Enjoyed this book. As a CASA volunteer I would like to see more emphasis in that area. It's an important cause.
Unfortunately, this one was not a win for me. The storyline was predictable, the cookie-cutter characters were like nearly all other "twin switcheroo" romances, and the lust that overpowered their brain functions made me roll my eyes. I would have been somewhat satisfied if all their problems didn't miraculously get sorted by the end. Don't get me started on the lie being kept for nearly 80% of the book... I was hoping that Scoring with the Wrong Twin would bring something new to the table. Alas, it wasn't meant to be. Oh well...onwards...
The premise seemed so far fetched and unbelievable. In addition to the dialog and phrases used by the characters didn't fit their personalities. Just weird.
very interesting book. well written
Promising enough to keep on reading....but the very lengthy details detracted from the end impact of this story. I was left feeling like the author rushed the ending. Very disappointing.
Too much fluff and no substance. One word - boring!
I really wouldn't bother. There are a few giggles the characters aren't well developed, there are grammatical errors, and there is little plot.
This book was already outdated as there are many other programs out, which are better.
Not as interesting as his other books. Stopped reading after about 30 pages.
One scene in this book has a shotgun "floating away"! Who in the world ever saw a shotgun or any other type of gun that would float? This author obviously never held a gun in his life!
Nope. Would not recommend. Very superficial and full of fluff. She is making money off of you. Don't buy what she is selling.
Not sure why I got this book; maybe the story about a girl trying to navigate her older sister's death sounded interesting? But I think it must be a YA book and it just felt too simplistic.
Just couldn't get into it.... started out too boring to keep my interest enough to finish it.
Disjointed, hackneyed, sophomoric, other than that ok
I wanted to like this book. The story is cute, the sexy scenes are well done... But overall, the book reads like a cheesy, overly worded, Hallmark movie with overly excited/dramatic characters that don't feel real enough to invest in. The character descriptions are beyond lacking, I cannot even begin to imagine what Autumn and Holden look like because all we're given is their hair color, and her dress size. They keep repeating the same things in their inner monologues over and over again, making a huge deal out of the amount of time that passed between meeting to actually dating (even though it was only 6 weeks), and the passage of day to day events that are made note of don't line up correctly from sentence to sentence. I quit at the halfway mark because I am annoyed with the writing. I want to keep reading and find out what happens in the end... But I feel like the time I've already put into reading this was work rather than pleasure. 😞
Struggled to read, not very interesting or unique story.
I couldn't get into this book at all.
Fairly good mystery plot, although I was able to figure it out prior to the end. I really could never develop much sympathy for the main character, though, so will probably not read more in the series.
The characters are not that believable, boring. I like TV's character. Agnes and Flo are okay, nothing special. Okay story.
I must have gotten this one free. Since I love historical novels I thought I would like it but not so much. Probably the strangest book I have read in a very long time.
I wanted to read this based on the reviews. Usually, I can bypass poor grammar and typos if I am hooked in the story. However, I am just to the point where Brick fell from the sky and am wondering if this was ever proof read. I want to continue the book (again, based on the reviews) but am struggling due to the poor grammar. :-( I am giving two stars for now (and that is in good faith) and hopefully can update it if and when I'm able to finish the book.
What matters most to me is a likable protagonist. I'm about 1/3 of the way through, and unless she has some kind of "awakening" I may not be able to finish. Haughty, emotionally ignorant, and possibly narcissistic, I am not enjoying her company. There is no connection with her, and from her (first person) to the others. She appears to be very much like her brother Henry VIII.
Redundant. Loss my interest and looked forward to the end
Do yourself a favor and check it out from the library before buying this book. Wish I had. Trust your gut instinct. That's it. Nothing more.
On so many levels this book was unbelievable. Annie's character had a lot of flaws. I read the whole thing but it was predictable and actually boring. Just a huge disappointment.
I first read this book when I was a teen and was fascinated by it. Twenty-five years later, I found it tedious. Page after page of two archangels arguing theology with one another regarding sin and damnation and the pathetic state of the human race. There are some interesting concepts, yes, but you have to wade through solid blocks of debate without relief to find them. This is not a story. You have to be more in the mood for an ideological to and fro. I'm not sure it stirred my thinking all that much. I will not return to it.
Ok, it is quite clear that this author is not from the US. If only someone (author, proofreader, editor...?) had realized how many times descriptions and words were used incorrectly because of that. There is no way to really get into this story because you keep getting thrown off by incorrect vernacular. I do not recommend this for anyone who prefers the correct use of customs/language/slang/etc. for the country/region that the story is set in. It has potential but needs more work.
While funny at times, this book is one long preaching sermon on the crisis of education. And yes there is a crisis and yes teachers are undervalued, but I was just looking for a good read, not a sermon wrapped in a guise of a "good read". It's just too much. Too contrived. So disappointing after the first book by this author.
I didn't like how their story began- for some "silly reason I guess and I never could see them as true lovers-but EVERYTHING" else I have read of yours Ms.Tiffany Patterson --I TRULY"!LOVE!--I just couldn't get with this story- sorry-Thank! You!
I appreciated a lot of Lou's work particularly the Blue Mask and and New York LP era. And I have read and appreciated a lot of Anthony's writing over the years. As a guitar player, I like to read about the technical aspects of their playing, gear, recording techniques, relationships with their peers and enough of their personal life to understand what inspired them as musicians. I recently finished Robbie Robertson's book which was very engaging on all those levels. It is no secret that Lou was a difficult person and sometimes those stories can be interesting. But in the case of this book, it just was plain dull. I gave up on it about a third of the way through.
Our murderer kills a man by stabbing him six times in the torso and twice in the throat, yet somehow doesn't get covered in blood. There's even a mention of the arc of blood from the throat wounds. Throughout the book, he kills people at close quarters with a knife and somehow never gets bloody. The only time blood gets on him, it's his own when a dog attacks him. This guy should have been covered in blood from the murders, but somehow avoids it 4 times. There were a few other believability issues scattered through the book, but I found this one to be the most blatant.
Couldn't get past the first few pages.
I have found only this book I didn't like. It was really way out there and hard to follow sometimes. I have read every single book of Danielle Steels and this one, I was not a fan of.
I'm so confused with this story. What was the point and plot? First why don't Landon hire a private investigator or why didn't Jeremy suggest using scorpion? Why Landon take Melody to that sex club and allow Jeremy to watch them have sex. What was the point? I understand that it was Melody's fantasy, but its just a fantasy. So had Melody said she wanted to have sex with another man, would Landon have fulfilled that fantasy as well. Just a dumb storyline, thank God it was only .99
Every time she did magic she had to have sex?!? EVERY TIME!!!! The story was cute enough, but the sex part added nothing to the story.
After reading 69% of this Steady Madness - I choice not to even read this one.
The ideas are really cool but they require way too much time,supplies, and skills. And most are way more difficult than you'd expect.
.. characters as a bit 2 dimensional but overall a decent read. However, my big problem is the obvious lack of proof reading and editing. Using spell check is not good enough. Someone doesn't know the difference between affect and effect or broach and breach - just 2 examples. There are MANY more. Then there are the wrong words - mostly the addition of extra letters , seen rather than see or happened for happen.
To much work to read, did not hold my attention
I wasn't very impressed with any of these, although the 1st, 2nd and last ones were okay. I really enjoyed the “food” theme, and I think I could've enjoyed the books if there was a little more depth put into the stories.
I lost interest and keep reading for an exciting ending and I was disappointed.
The heroine escaped before she was forced into an arranged marriage. For a supposedly pure and sweet lady, she sure caved in to lust quickly. Her father and stepmother are ludicrously selfish, evil and stupid. The hero is self-centered and not likable. The other villain (mother-in-law), is a crazy kind of crazy.
Though the story is interesting and the characters have a great deal of depth, one serious flaw in characterization made the latter half of this book difficult to read: The main female character is portrayed as a Christian, yet she falls into bed with the main male character without much provocation. That seemed a very modern sort of thing to throw into a story set in the first century. Not only that, but the main male character was NOT a Christian, yet that seemed to cause the heroine no sort of ideological trouble. Part of what the Roman government did not like about first century Christians is that they were different from everyone else. It was dangerous to be a Christian at that time, but our heroine clearly tells a Roman magistrate that she believes Jesus died and rose again the third day, and he barely registers her statement in the dialog. The writing is generally fine, but this plot element should have fired much more conflict than it did. (See Francine Rivers' excellent Mark of the Lion trilogy for the level of internal conflict that should be felt when a Christian woman is attracted to a non-Christian Roman officer as well as a more believable resolution.) I was enjoying the story until the explicit sex, but that threw me out of the time period. This story has some very dark elements of child murder and political conspiracy and with the major mis-characterization of Christians, I can't recommend it if you like realistic period works. If none of that bothers you, the writing is fine, and the story is interesting.
I was very disappointed with this book as it was unrealistic, predictable, and the characters were shallow. While I like strong woman characters, the main character, Mary, is super woman, speaks like a modern college educated woman, and does not have any emotional depth. Her husband is kidnapped by the Confederate Army and even though he is supposedly the love of her life, she gives up on him after nine months. Really? Wouldn't she at least wait until the war is over before assuming he is not coming back to her? After assuming he is dead she quickly falls in love with his best friend who now becomes the love of her life. The character of John, an ex-slave, is also stereotypical and very shallow. How did he learn to read? Why is he always wise and forgiving? Doesn't he feel any anger or suffer from PTSD after all he has been through? I will not read this author again.
I have fairly low standards when it comes to lesbian fiction, given we don't have much to choose from. However, even though this was far from the worst thing I've read, it was far too predictable and the writing style was very much tell don't show. Ultimately I could not bring myself to finish this, mainly due to the writing style. I would say if you like drawn out sexual tension, the. this is worth reading (and I don't mean that in a judge-y way). If you're the kind of person to be bothered by certain writing styles, pass on this one, or at least preview first.
I read the first book in this series, and liked it alright. This book seemed VERY heavy on characters that I really had no desire to know, and was pretty much unable to keep up with, and didn't care anyway. This town has few redeeming features and some very unlikable people in it. I couldn't even generate much sympathy for the two main characters in the story. I may be done with this series.
This book goes on and on trying to describe the psychopathy of the bad guy. If I had read it before the others I have read by this author, I would not have read any more by him. Truly not worth my time.
This book was an easy read and the stories were enjoyable but I didn't learn much about building a capsule wardrobe. It was mostly anecdotes from clients. I kept waiting for everything to come together into some kind of guidelines or ideas for building a wardrobe but it never happened.
Where do I start. To say the book was short is an understatement, you can snap your fingers and the book will be over. Not only is the book short there no ending. She just ends the story in Tony and Virginia and goes back to Benjamin Lee. The very few chapters in the book is and that its. In the summary it talks about Tony story, but yet she manged to put a whole section of Benjamin Lee oppose to finishing out Tony story.Save your money this is an incomplete book.
I've been a Anita Blake fan since the beginning she was a kickass take names person and the stories were full of mystery and action with a suitable amount of romance or relationship mixed in. Lately the books seem to focus on more of the relationship does he love me does she love me who is going to to be our next partner in the group that the mystery and action that made the books so popular to begin with. This book started out promising but then suddenly it was was more a romance love torn novel with a dash of action. Anita went from the confident kick ass heroine to a unsure lost in the angst girl we have now. Bring back the kick ass take names Anita we lived and lose some of the angst that seem to fill the books lately. When I saw it was going to be Anita and Edward I had high hope for a taste of the older books and started racing through the book but the story soon got mired down in her self doubts relationship drama that has pulled down the series.
I am typically a fan of Ms. Black's, but not this book. This was a very difficult read for me. It was slow, boring and lacked connection at the beginning. I thought the H was a big jerk, while i was unsure about the h. The only reason I finished the story is because I HATE leaving a book unfinished. I bought the remaining books in the series before ever reading this one, so I'm hoping it gets better with Griff's book.
This story has potential but the dialogue is predictable and cliche. The twang is too much and the characters are flat. The relationship between the friends is interesting and the author should focus on fleshing out her characters more.
This book was just ok for me. I was not crazy about the main characters and didn't feel it was up to the other books standards.
I wanted to love this book. I am a huge fan of Skinnytaste and almost exclusively cook from her books and site so I wanted another source of healthy recipes that could help with variety. This was not it. The recipes ideas are extremely similar to Skinnytaste with way longer ingredient lists and almost all recipes containing ingredients that I wouldn't even know where to buy. If you want to spend hours upon hours cooking and shop at specialty food stores, this is the book for you. If you just want some healthy recipes you can find time to squeeze into your schedule, do not buy this book.
Cheesey, so much internal dialogue it bacame whiny, and when she tried to stand up to her father she sounded like a whiny child, she admits it, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant to read. Oh, the cheesey parts were with the cult, too ridiculous to be funny.
The book was not as carefully crafted as other Alpha/Omega stories. The lone wolves and the skin walker were out of step with the previous books. The changes in Bran and Sage had them acting so different from previous books it was like reading a bad dream.
I liked the style of this book with short chapters leaving you wanting to know more about incidents or characters in them. I kept reading hoping all would revealed and then...nothing really. I am left wondering what the moral or message of the book was supposed to be - perhaps commentary on the eternal bond between sisters? Not sure.
To many dishes with things I can't find in regular store
Interesting and better written than other books in this collection.
Through 2 chapters I still didn't know where this story was going or who the characters were. What did hitting the deer have anything to do with the novel. I'm sorry, I just couldn't go any further.
Have not yet been able to 'get into' this book. One day, when I am out of fresh material I may yet complete it. Although, when out of fresh material I usually reread a favorite. Something tells me there may be something interesting here, I just have to keep trying.
There are some engaging characters, and some engaging plot lines. But there are also hundreds of characters who are named, and described in detail, and then never return. Lots of violence. Perpetual warfare, and yes, dragons. But for those who like stories with dragons in them, the dragons don't do much until very late...well into the fifth book. So you have to wade through many hundreds of pages to get to that part. If he writes (another) sequel, I'll skip it. Not worth buying. Get a copy from your local library.
I felt this book could have been EPIC it started off great and sadly feel flat. Probably won't continue the series.
A lot of good information but it's easy to get lost in the plot line. Overall a disappointment. Come on
Honestly, you can learn all of what's in the book from videos on line. Felt I threw money away.
It wasnt a bad read but alot of ot read as a teen novel with too many graphic scenes. It left alot of cliffhangers that werent really answered.....i think without the steamy parts it would be better categorized as teen fiction...
This was a repetitious novel that had no plot, characters or gripping scenes. After the first 20 or so pages it was same song second verse. How many ways can you say no asylum.
This book was a really unlikely romance -- the meet was not that cute, there was no chemistry, the plot was predictable all the way through and the dialogue didn't make up for these things. It went on for too long and frankly it was an imminently forgettable story. I'd pass on this one.
I liked the way the story but only skimmed about 60% of the novel because there was way too much filler.
The author seems to think men are vile and evil. Those sections of the book do not enhance the story but seem to be the author venting about something in her past life. I don't like that stuff in books
Action or chase portion was way tooo long
I finished it with some skimming. This one really didn't do it for me. Was I the only one that noticed the confusion with Ruby and Roma? Can't believe the author forgot her own characters names. Very predictable and a little too pat to keep me engaged.
Slow to get my interest. Had a hard time finishing the book. Writing was sometimes too detailed when describing a scene.
Kind of choppy but the worst is that this is not a stand alone book but just a set up with no resolution or explanation-don't start it unless you are going to buy the series
l did not enjoy this book
It was a slow read, I finally just gave up
There was not a page that I turn not knowing what was next, is a emotional journey of survival and hope but everything falls into place too soon.
Started out interesting enough in the sample that I bought it. Writing ended up not really pulling me into the characters and felt like the writer had reached their word limit because, all of the sudden the mates are a couple and it's over. My least favorite read in a long time.
It was a decent story but had a LOT of typos and incorrect words (passed instead of past for example). The idea of the story itself was good, even if the author tried a little to hard to educate the reader about prepping.
Did not care for the books at all. Repeated frequently. I usually finish books, but these I thought they would never end and considered not finishing several times. Would not recommend.
I gave this story a two star because of the offending words and unnecessary, explicit sex. Would have been an enjoyable read without these.
The clue should have been in the authors bio...romance writer. Beyond simplistic story and dialogue. Just skip this. Trust me.
The protagonist in this book is really flat. Whether he's talking about emotional experiences or the ins and outs of his technical job, he presents the same flat, analytical affect with wooden, overly formal dialogue. At first I thought it might be a specific character choice (maybe he's just one of those people that doesn't exhibit a lot of emotion and has trouble socially relating to others), but as I kept reading I realized ALL the characters are like this. They could be having a conversation about an impending life-threatening invasion as casually as if they were talking about supply-chain logistics. The detail and description didn't have any immediacy to it, everything was described from a very detached, objective point of view even when, presumably, you'd want your reader to feel the same fear, excitement, anger, anxiety, etc. that the characters are feeling. The no-nonsense, overly formal tone of the writing was a very odd juxtaposition with the subject matter (space fantasy with wizards and spells and such).
This book was very graphic in a sick way. Might be what some people like, but I don't. It would have been better for me if I had not read it.
I didn't like it, it's a sensitive topic but I just didn't find the plot intriguing, it was like a bad lifetime movie plot
Having read the other books in this series, I was disappointed there wasn't more of a plot like the others. This seemed like a random series of settings to discuss and participate in different forms of sex. Not much background or surprise of any sort. Disappointing as the caliber of the author's writing is usually a higher standard. I apologize if I sound too negative, I just expected more of a story.
Like many decisions made while drunk, purchasing this was a mistake. It's like Douglas Adams's greatest space based hits filtered through a mildewy towel. It was worse than the Hitchhiker movie. Two stars for competent grammar and punctuation, and for making me laugh out loud at least (and at most) once.
This was a cute story, but was expecting a whole book. Not there.
It's not horrible.... It lacks character/story development. The main character - for not being a pathetic 'Earth damsel' she certainly thought and behaved like one. The plot - predictable. The storyline - scatter-brained. I think this is a series geared more for teenagers solely focused on this genre than adults who are willing to break from it every now and then.
This book started off so well and then the author dropped the ball. The characters also changed unexpectedly and it felt as though he wanted to have a series rather than have a well written book.
I wanted to like Texas Ranger, but in the end it was too over the top. From the misdirection to the final clue that solved the case and the big reveal, there was no subtlety or nuance in the story. Texas Ranger is not a believable story.
L' Amour stories all rate an A+, except for one of his earlier shorts. But the collections bother me. I have read several of the collections in which I have found one or more shorts in them that I read in another collection. Seems to me somebody is just trying to stuff the book to make more money. I doubt I'Amour was that type of a person. A
Interesting to start with, but became tedious to read in the end.
have been an good owner of an instant pot for a long time now but have never used the pot until now. The recipes are mouth watering. its a good discovery for me and am enjoying every moment cooking with my instant pot.
Disappointing addition to the Stephanie Plum series. The storyline does contain the usual assortment of unusual personalities but they just don't feel real and their humor factor does not make-up for it. My advice is to skip this book and go straight to the next with caution.
Could you please upload another good quality book as snaps in the book are not clear which is really disturbing?
YA will probably love this. I did not. It is full of cliches, sex, drug use and over and over and over again, ad nauseum, lots of teen angst. It has a very low opinion of men. Not saying incorrectly, but it is very obvious this author doesn't think much of them. The protagonist is flawed. She goes on about it incessantly. Now the things I liked were few, but the story was unique. If the author got rid of about 80% of the introspection it might be a good story. Not great, but readable.
I got this book because it's a subject matter I've been very interested in. Something but I could relate to. My mother was adopted, my daughter is as well. Back in the time that my mother was adopted people did not tell their children they were adopted. Many never knew. My mother came to hers late but she was able to meet. My daughter has always known. What does that have to do with this book you might say? Well, a lot. I could not relate to This Woman's experience at all. I tried many times to find redeemable qualities in her and could not. It's been a long time since I dislike the character as much as this one. There were so many little things that kept creating snags for me, such as the baby not smiling until she was 6 weeks old. My babies smiled in the first few days. You know, those Smiles everybody say is just gas but a mother knows in her heart really isn't. Beyond all that, based on other books by this writer I expected a good book. It's not what I got.
I just hate in when the author uses GD's. I don't allow its. used in my presence and I certainly don't want to read it. There was way too many F-words. I really think offensive language in a book should come with a warning label. I would have never purchased this book. The upside was I did like the characters and storyline. The sex scenes were a bit too descriptive, but I would not want to read a romance without one or two. I am also getting tired of the single H's who have so many flings and one night stands that they are too numerous to count yet the h's have one or two lovers, haven't had sex for years or they are still virgins. To manage those statistics they have to be discriminating and have standards. A heroine like this wouldn't want to be with a man who has had his dipstick dipped into so many vehicles, it's near ready to retire for a new one. Just saying, it would be nice to read about a discriminating hero for a change. This is the first book I have read of Erika Wilde and will probably be the last for above stated reasons.
A very contrived plot with bizarre quirks. The orient express has little to do with the plot. Therefore the title is simply a come on.
A fair book full of esoteric medical data that fits the story line IF you are a nurse or a doctor yourself and care to put the data together.I would not recommend this book to anyone to read, unless that person needed a sleep enhancement. I am glad that Crichton kept at his writing as I know for sure that The Andromeda Strain was an awesome novel and a great movie! Not this one, sad to say.
Really bad. Bad dialogue, bad story -- just plain bad. Was this even written by JK? I don't think so. I loved the first two books but this finished me for the series.
This book was so boring. They fought vampires over and over to get some necessary thing someone in government told them to get. Do we know how vampires happened on Earth? No. Do we know why a government that worked for 150 years now needed replacing? Nope. Supposedly vampires were strong and dumb or strong and smart, but took over everything on Earth. No matter where they were sent there were hordes. Not a very fleshed out book. Some characters were vaguely interesting, but not fleshed out either. Unless you like action action action! This book will not satisfy.
I did not finish this book as it was not enjoyable to me.
Well written, but it left me unsatisfied. I will not be continuing this series. This book was like an extended introduction.
This ebook was not edited / proofread by a human ... twice whole multi-page sections were repeated. The novel itself started out as a crime drama but quickly morphed into a hard-to-take-seriously thriller. I was disappointed.
Now I've got no problem with friendship based romances where there is hear but it's just hinted at. I prefer realistic romances where you go at it like wild animals. But to call this a sweet romance is stretching it, this book is more like the latter than the former. Yes, there is no consummation til the very end but the person telling the story has lots of dirty thoughts. Now as to my reason for the low rating the person telling the story is an idiot. If it was told in third person it wouldn't be as bad. If the narrator would use colorless sentences in between the spoken verbal vomit that the comprises the main characters interaction then at least there would be some sensibility in the story. As it is it's told from a feather-head's perspective and I kept groaning at the stupid as I closed it when I couldn't handle it anymore. I debated not finishing this book and kept hoping it would get better when she didn't panic. After that point it got choppy, bland, and boring--like the author wrote a bunch of scenes and randomly picked three.
Kind of cute idea, but I felt like the author tried to incorporate to many different issues. Let's pick one or two social injustices and leave it at that, instead of trying to cover all the bases. Could have used a little more character development as well they all seemed a little flat.
The typos, words incorrectly used for example perspective instead of perceptive were very distracting. I found the plot, characters world building very interesting but was very distracted by inconsistencies and errors making enjoying this set very difficult.
I realize this is fantasy, but the premise is a huge stretch. The characters are underdeveloped but the sex scenes are good. It is in need of another read-through. A few misspelled words and words in the wrong place. It's not terrible except I paid for this book and expect that it's complete and professional.
Not much action for an action packed adventure. Not much character development, people just drifted through the story.
I used to enjoy the Maisie Dobbs mysteries. Not this time Endless...seemed as though her publisher asked for more and more pages...
2 stars, honestly I didn't like the book, it wasn't an enjoyable read. When I first started I thought it was promising but as the story develops it loses the appeal, the characters are somewhat likeable, but in general, I don't think the author gives you enough to get to know or relate to them. Overall, it felt unfinished, when I was halfway I considered not finishing the book.
Not as good as his other books. Slow to build up and the big reveal at the end isn't all that interesting. Not sure I want to read book 2.
I am so disappointed in this book after having such high expectations when reading the reviews. The author was all over the place and the back stories and psychology of it all was just babble. I can't believe I paid money for this. I do not recommend
Very static. I have listened to a few hours of the audio-book, but alas, could not go any further. Also, the narrator voice is very strident and made it even harder to bear. This is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of one, as I might have enjoyed it a bit more if not for bad audio interpretation. Will not continue with the other books, even if I already got them, fortunately on sale!
The information is very general. Not in-dept at all
I was really into this book for this first 50 percent. Then the conversations and narration just got long and boring with complicated background information that bored me. I just didn't care.
This series gets progressively worse with each book. Not sure I would recommend reading anymore of them. D.
Found it to be repetitive and boring
disappointed with this book following the first story, didn't hold up to expectations... the characters were not as strong
This was an over the top kind of story. It was silly and funny and engaging . Could be enhanced by an editor and a proofreader. Such as pocketbook being a N.American term. In Britain it means notebook. Also, he is the Viscount. How would a cook have the nerve to shoo him out of his own kitchen? At another point it is said her returns across the lawn to the house. But this does not work. What he does is return to the stables. There's the usual missing words and wrong words. The biggest objection I have is a mystery that is presented but never resolved. This cousin George preceded the H and retrieved the H's orders. This is never explained. How did he know where to go? WHY did he do this? This is way too big a piece of the plot to leave undone and dangling !
Predictable, poorly written. The main character is flat and behaves in ways that just don't make sense. Spends too much time explaining what happened in the first book. Needed a better editor.
These are mostly excerpts consequently very unsatisfying to read.
If you like a lot of drama this book is for you. The plot nor the characters are very unique. I had to stop reading several time since I was getting bored. It's pretty predictable.
It helped a lot. Thanks so much. Very good information in this book. Recommend to all who have s jealous streak!
I clicked the link on fb and gave it a shot cuz it mentioned heroics and other buzzwords that I fell for. It has almost no heroism and all the characters are pretty much garbage people. I also thought the church being behind everything was kind of heavy handed and an easy target for the audience to get behind as an evil empire. The story was very short, didnt reveal anything as far as what it's really about and didnt engage my interest. I'll admit the pacing was good and the flash backs were a good way to get into it while slowly revealing the background of the characters. But I wasnt rooting for anyone, their power sets made no sense and there were no heroics to speak of except from a background character who seemed entered as an afterthought. The price was good and will probably convince me to read the next one. Not because of the story but because the first book left too many open questions that my mind needs answered. If that was the plan of the writer then I guess he accomplished it.
Did not like the way the book was written....the way they went back and forth....was confusing....I wasn't sure of when what was happening...I think it could have been written much better for understanding....was disappointed ....but wasn'e totally disappointed in the ending
Not any challenge to know who is Jack. Disappointed in this book.
Actually I think that the book has quite an interesting plot line; however, the writing is amateurish , the dialogue is stilted and the author demonstrates a poor command of the language. At the very least it needs several re-writes. Disappointing. I gave it up after about 50 pages.
If I could give it 2 1/2 stars, I would. It's a sweet book, although it is kind of sappy. Some of the dialogue seemed unrealistic, but it was an ok read.
The premise is ok but the story isn't long enough or detail enough to make us believe the main characters fell in love.
Not a good book. No real story, jumps around all over the place. I kept thinking it would get better but it doesn't
Detested the writing. Extremely hard to follow the point of the writing. Just finally got fed up and stopped reading. A waste of my money. Grrrrrr.
Nice story but too long passages those could have been avoided. Flipped a large section of the book unread.
Way, way too much detail. Never really ties everything together. Much of the plot doesn't make sense. Done with this.
Too much opinion given for a true crime story. I wanted facts, not his opinions. I also didn't like his writing style. He uses obscure words throughout the book which only makes it hard to follow. Also, the book constantly switches years and goes through so many names and crimes, you forget who is who and what murder they are part of.
There's some very good bits of information buried among way too many dad jokes and useless stories about pictures he took which to be honest were mostly bad. I guess the pictures only need to demonstrate a concept, but even then what he was trying to show was often unclear since he rambles endlessly. He kept mentioning about how he would go into a subject more deeply, but the space of the book wouldn't allow it. I would much rather have has good, hard information than be bored with stories which had no benefit. Overall, I don't regret reading it, I guess. But I would suggest another book for more direct lessons.
Cumbersome to use and search for specific verses. Difficult to find a book and then open the chapter and verse. The issue is functionality.
Story was cute, but author missed the mark at the end. Just like they got tired of writing and just told the outcome!
I was really disappointed in this book. I was looking forward to Raven's story but it was not what I was expecting. First, Raven was very self centered and only cared about proving herself. She didn't care who she hurt in her quest. Next, the relationship between her and Leo seemed fake. It didn't seem like there was any real connection. I felt like Leo only wanted a wife and any female would do. Raven didn't seem like she was even interested in Leo then all of a sudden she wanted him without much explanation. Lastly and the thing that killed my interest in the book and this series is what happened to Magni. It's like the author destroyed all the things that made me like the books in the first place. I will not be reading the next book.
This was a very different story without a consistent protagonist. It was like there was a thought about a good story but it got along the way. It was hard to follow some of the jumps in the story.
There was no need for this book. This could have been added to book 1 as additional chapters or an epilogue.
I liked the people in this book. There were several very funny moments. But, it was one of those reads that didn't keep me glued to it. I easily put it down.
I really wanted to like this. I managed to finish it, which is one plus for it. A romantic mystery.
Simple read, not the most exciting read. The plot tended to drag in places.
The story was quite promising to begin with but it seemed to fizzle out. There were too many different strands, none of which was brought to a satisfactory conclusion. The characters lacked depth. I have read the previous 13 books in the series as well but don't think I'll bother with any more. L J Ross churns these books out so fast that she seems to be running out of steam. Submitted by Jackie
This is a dark, troubling story about a family who live underground to hide from events in their past. It took me a long time to finish the book because some parts of the story were so depressing.
Slow start, hard to read......
So I was in the mood for simple cute romance with a bit of steam and this fit the bill.
Not at all like other Virgil Flowers books. Very hard to follow, seemed to be running in circles with way to many characters. A total bust!
The story plodded along and ended so abruptly that I thought it was a mistake. Did the author run out of words?
I like to read stories with female lead characters but Max is really male with a sort of female body. She/he behaved like a male killing machine and it was very boring.
couldnt get into it.
too many characters. the story goes all over and lost me. Not that interesting,.
I must have purchased it by mistake. A bunch of women on a reality show. I don't watch reality shows.
Too much social narrative from a character who defines loser.Of course that maybe the authors plan,if there is indeed a plan. I could not follow any concept of a plot.So I stopped reading
If you like your books to be 85% about sex and the other 15% being a not too original story line that could have been better with more imagination to the characters instead up humping each other like rabbits page after page. Seriously I got to the point that I was just flicking through the pages to get to some content of the story. I guess I should have been clued in by the title that it would be like that; oh well.
While I enjoyed the basic book, albeit pretty much predictable, the Epilogue left me COLD. Totally out of context with any possible outcome. Not going to ruin it for you if you want to buy this book, but be prepared for a totally unrealistic conclusion.
Lacking a noble purpose. Compared to top 5 GAR winners, paled. Too much sex, not enough meaning. I needed more depth.
would like to think an author improves as a series progresses. This book of a series I really like does not support that. From sloppy continuity at the start of the book to an amateurish plot and dialogue, this book disappointed. I hope for better in the future.
It is hard to believe that such a great author could write such a boring and repetitive book about one of the most interesting people who has ever lived. This book is not worth reading. Go to the source materials if you want to know more about Leonardo.
The premise was interesting, but it soon became a challenge for me to finish this. This is more an essay than a novel, hence the weak structure and characters. In terms of essay, it was pretty weak too. I really wish I had never started this novel, I'm not one to quit on a book no matter how bad it is. I learned my lesson with this author. Sorry, just not for me.
Sorry, not feeling the insta-love. I was rolling my eyes at the double dog daring, what are we? Seven? And you can't say no??? Possible Spoilers....... And what fool let's someone tattoo them without first looking at a stencil or getting a description first? And what reputable tattoo artist tattoos his initials on someone he just met? That's not insta-love that's scary. From there to losing your virginity on the office desk (so no first date, walk in the park, movie or dinner?? Does this guy even know your last name??) how romantic. Needless to say I skimmed my way to an uneventful hea. Outside of the juvenile daring and the so-so s*x, not much of a story
I like the characters. I think. The writing is disconnected. The plot is vague and hard to find. Needs a massive rewrite and aggressive editing.
Completely mis-titled book.....it won't teach you how to pray. You can tell this book is OLD! The analogies aren't relevant anymore, making it hard to put this book into modern 'sinful' context. Definitely not the book I hoped it would be.
Eh. Couldn't wait for the book to be over.
Wow she sure hopped into bed with the next guy she found quite quickly. Not much of a story.
Although a unique theme, the book was uninteresting to me. The characters seemed shallow and the conflicts were so " soap opera".
It was a little hokey. It started out fairly interesting but when the ghosts were brought into the story I thought I was reading a child's book.
I wanted to love this book. American historical, esp. mail-order bride, is one of my favorite genres. This one is not well-researched. There were glaring time-period mistakes and I had trouble getting past them. To add to that the relationship between the main characters is unbelievable. There's a notable lack of dramatic tension and honestly, I just didn't care if they got their HEA or not. Personally, editorial errors do not bug me. I can read past typos, but errors in basic story-telling...nope.
#1 was good and the world building was somewhat interesting, but it quickly devolved into a hot mess.. the art looks nice and clean but the postures and expressions got ridiculous.
I couldn't get into this one. Read the last six and mostly enjoyed them. Found myself skipping large chunks filled with background for various characters. Disappointing, because when the author is "on" his books really grab me.
The first few chapters were difficult to follow and confusing. But sticking with it was rewarding. The author keeps you guessing until the end.
Sorry, really not my cup of tea. Could have been a great book, but way to monotonous. I mean come on...
I just had a hard time getting interested in this book. Read four chapters the quit.
Too many points of narration. There was never really a climax, or if there was supposed to be, the author did a poor job of creating the build up. The whole point of the book was basically the characters revealing the event and their relationship. It just took too long and was drawn out. I got bored.
Haven't got to it yet!
Fair cookbook. No organization.
Premise was good, characters were loosely developed, locations needed fleshing out, but worse, too many storylines were left hanging. The ending was abrupt.
Great writing but the story line is ok. I didn't care for either characters and their second chance love story. I thought it was weird with too many lies, but hardly any drama other than the murder mystery side story that was never resolved in this book. I assume will have closure at some point in the other books. Not a bad story, just not to my liking. I thought the side characters were more interesting.
Seriously tedious. As another reviewer mentioned, you will get instantly lost without refreshing your memory about who the heck every one is, and yes, I've read them all. Reads a little too steam of consciousness, and needs more punctuation for coherence. And seriously, enough of the Meryn worship. Don't think I need any more of these - just wasn't any fun to read, and I felt like I spent waaaay too much on it as well.
Shallow and very thin. Little plot. This book has very little to offer anyone.
No plot. Yawn. No nothing much.
This didn't work for me. The story felt disjointed and the MCs lacked chemistry. They also reminded me of teenage girls at times. This was my first book by this author and I'm not inspired to pick up another one. I'm surprised by all of the rave reviews, but maybe it's partly because it felt a bit like a continuation of a series rather than a true stand-alone? In any case, I really wanted to like it, but it fell short for me.
I got to chapter 5 and got too frustrated to keep reading. I had trouble staying in this story and connecting. After reading some of the other reviews I can see I wasn't the only one who had some of the same issues. This is a great first draft, but the biggest issue I had was the lack of emotion in Vita's character. Instead of experiencing the story through the eyes and feelings of the character you are told everything happening as if it happened already instead of experiencing as the character in real time. Like having a play by play of your best friend's day. The dialogue was stilted and unnatural or just awkward at times. The concept is good but it needed fleshed out more. There needed to be personality to the other characters as from the vampire who stuck out because he was a vamp.
DNF. At least half of the book was just descriptions of the main character being tortured....and it was torture to read. Too bad. Really liked the premise and beginning,the rest went downhill fast. I mean, this man has parents and yet he's locked up and all his belongings are thrown out of his apartment in the street? Really???
This is not a two star book. I think there's some malfunction with Goodreads. This book has important things to say about reading from a Christian perspective, and why it's important to read. A good antidote to this age of distraction.
Couldn't get into this one. The main character doesn't connect to me. She "sobs" repeatedly about being a sorcerer but I am not following why it is such a heart-wrenching moment? Weird emotional moments like this throughout...they don't ring true and theres not enough context. I usually am pretty tolerant with annoying main characters but man, this one rubbed me wrong. Turned into a DNF. Seemed otherwise very promising.
I refuse to give away the weak reason that explains the novel's plot. Suffice to say it is not a ghost story. Find a better novel to read.
No pacing of any kind is why. Also half the book is told in third person, and half in first. That didn't work well even for Robert B. Parker. I won't try any more of this author's work.
Good for young adults. Would probably have given it three stars but there were too many typos. Could use a good proofreader.
This book was ok how ever I do wish the author had done more to make it more interesting.I look forward to reading more of this authors work.
PBS Documentary in a book. Not much color to this. Seems more like reference then story.
The book was ok. I started skimming the love scenes near the end because I wanted to finish the book faster. The unbelievable part was that the bad guys lost 10 million dollars due to the H's drunk babbling and yet the H offers a 200 million dollar payoff plus 100 million a year after that in order to get the bad guys to back off. Now, he was a foster kid so he had no inheritance and is the owner of a publishing company. I just think the amount he offered as a deal was ridiculous and it doesn't seem realistic that he can come up with that sum yearly.
Not a smooth read. Confusing. Want to get drawn into the story but it does not happen until the end!!!
The storyline left me flat! It started off with a bang, but then got kind of wordy and dull, no twists in the plot line. The ending was disappointing. Lately I have been finding that to be the case with all of the newest James Patterson books. He remains my favorite author, but his writing keeps me waiting for that "special something" and a better ending.
It answered some questions.
No major revelations here, save your money. Very repetitive after the first couple chapters. Need five more words to close
i enjoy a good story and I enjoy hard science fiction. This book is a good, fast moving story but the hard science is non-existent. In that respect the book was a disappointment to me and I will not bother with the subsequent books in the series.
The book was good but I did not know I was reading a miniseries I did not like the way it you had to buy the series
I just couldn't! It was horribly written and there were no errors but good lord this book just went on and on. At 45% I just couldn't take anymore and I love the paranormal genre. Too much repitition on every single thing that's already established. I skipped pages and still was able to continue without losing any detail. The author could have cut the book in half and it would have been good. Will not be looking into anymore from this author
Poorly written book. The author takes 100-150 pages to write an autobiography of his life. Could have been said in 1-2 pages. He's not famous so I don't know why he thinks anybody would care about his life prior in that much detail. I've never seen that before in an NDE book. I don't know if I believe his NDE. He apparently dies, gets transferred to another hospital, etc. Then after all that comes the NDE, not interwoven in the details as it allegedly happened. It's like it's an afterthought. The way the book was written you think you are buying three separate books: an autobiography, memoir of his medical emergency and then an NDE book. That the book received prior 5-star reviews (and only 5-star reviews up until this point) suggests the possibility the reviews were bought, or biased reviews from friends/family in an effort to support his work. Read other NDE books and you'll see how badly written this book is, not a 5* book by any means.
More then 50% of this book consists of youtube links and is written like an online tutorial. No indepth information.
Liked his other works but this one devolved into a story of personal righteousness.
One can't read Justin Roberts book and not feel bad for the bullying he put up with. But it seems like most of the book is bullying stories and how much the traveling sucked. It's just not a very interesting read.
The main characters are desribed too much as flawless heroes, even a chapter about the son being a fantastic basketball-player and how he drives his team to a win. The main story itself is interesting, but the celebration of the characters makes it so uninteresting.
This book is written solely to convince other doctors/practitioners to spend more time with patients using a different model of care. If you are looking for any health information, lifestyle changes or insight whatsoever don't buy this book. You aren't getting any answers here, and unless you live in Cleveland and can pay for that clinic you aren't getting the "method" either.
The story was pretty good, although the 3 female characters were insultingly stereotypical. The sexist nonsense spoiled what might have been a much better tale.
An all over the place mess. Not a likeable character in the bunch of main characters. And I usually like Faye Kellerman's work. Not this time.
This book was so good until it got close to the end. I was not happy with how it ended.
The plot was really weak. It was like watching a cheap Hollywood movie where nothing in the plot surprises.
Why do I keep getting like / dislike messages for products I bought years ago. Fix it!
Glad I payed next to nothing for this eBook The cover looks to give you a rundown on a lot of use full info. on many different kinds of rocks and minerals. Well how much can you say with 16 one topic picture pages and about 1 page worth of print? Pretty pictures and rather simple print info. make this a good book for say 6 to 10 year olds, but if you need more than that ? Don't look here.
I found this story immature and frustrating. Perhaps it is better suited for teenage girls not for adults. The character is terribly immature which I realize is the point but more precisely she is annoying and so needy. I found myself wondering had she ever heard of birth control and talking to her husband about planning to have a baby instead of leaving it to luck. No mention of the man using birth control. Doesn't anyone take responsibility?
I only made it forty pages. Trump has FOUR of his buddies in jail by conviction and as far as draining the swamp, this is the most corrupt administration in the history of this country. If I hear the "liberal" mainstream media crap oI know the book is not for me. Trump will be in prison with his pals very soon. He is a traitor to this country. Bought by Russia. Just wait until Putin takes over. Bobby, I just can't take this fake rhetoric so will not read the rest.
I really wanted to like this book. There was a ton of repetition, not only about the sexual things the couples felt and wanted to do (but didn't), to the extreme detailed and repetitive inner workings of the secret service and the high school. I understood what Joe was trying to do, but he was just a plain ass for most of the book, and quite frankly I got sick of it . In short the book was way to slow for me. I read about 60% of the book over about a week. I finally decided I had enough of reading the same stuff over and over again and just skipped ahead until finally, at long last, something happened. I just kept skipping and skipping until I finally finished it. I was shocked that the couples really didn't get together until the final chapter of the book. It just dragged on way too long for me. Really disappointing for me because usually I will read Kathryn's books in less than a day because they are so good.
Generic work hard for success and don't quit advice. Lots of self promotion from someone I've never heard from. I guess I'm not her target audience, but I applaud her enthusiasm.
This kindle book is very short. I wouldn't have purchased it if I realized how few names were in it. Read it in less than an hour. I did enjoy how the author gave explanations and origins of the names.
I love Kendall Ryan, she's always a one click for me so I was really disappointed when this book fell totally flat. The writing felt rushed and amateur, the story felt way too quick and the insta-love was a huge turn off. It also iust kind of felt gross (Spoiler below) Nic sleeps with Elle without a condom, without ever telling her that hes a "male escort" who regularly sleeps with his clients. That to me just screams yuck, and I thought it was incredibly disrespectful. Beyond that the entire story kind of leads up to her finally finding out hes a male escort and it was not even an exciting climax. She gets told and is like "oh I feel so stupid, I should have known." Should have known? Who in their right mind would ever expect that? And then all he does is apologize and says he loves her after literally 4 dates of straight lying to her and shes like "oh he loves me? Hes so sexy I cant resist!" Like really? Have some self respect! Then shes more appalled that hes never done oral with a client then anything else. This book fell completely flat, honestly wish I could get my money back. I skipped the last 2 chapters because the whole thing was just completely ridiculous. Disappointed for sure, hope Kendall Ryan's next release is nothing like this one.
Sorry but this was just painfully dull. There was no snap or interest in the dialogue with these 2 and the characters were just weird. The whole 'team coming to the rescue' didn't really work for me either.
I'm at a loss with this book. Did it keep my interest? Yes. Did it disturb me? Yes. Did it have characters that stood out? Those are usually reasons that I like a book. However, this one didn't sit well with me. As a woman, the violence was reminiscent of a battered wife, and that I didn't like. So often in these stories, it is romanticized. However, there was nothing romantic about this. The constant behavior followed by a sorry followed by a repeat is unsettling. Especially, as I am drawn to dark romance. Maybe that is what didn't sit well with me. The fact that this didn't feel like fiction and instead felt as if it could have been an episode of Dateline. Hence my dilemma. I am intrigued as to the mystery but am not sure I can handle the abuse to get those answers. The only saving grace is the hat the author isn't explicit in the details either sexually or the gore.
First, mob was involved. So over them. There were errors. The characters were wishy washy (at least to me). Just over it.
I have read the first two in the series, now the third and each book has gotten more and sloppy. Modern slang has no place in a period piece, and the spelling and missed words should have been caught by a good editor. Disappointing
First, I would like to say that I love this author. I read all of her books. So when I saw that this one was a BBW I still had to buy it. I have sworn off of BBW because for the most part they read like self-help books. Unfortunately, this one is no different. While on the surface the heroine has an "in your face" persona, behind that is just another big woman who doesn't like what she sees in the mirror and doesn't understand why the Hero would either. To Madam Butterfly: while BBW is something I don't enjoy, I do understand that for every reader who does not enjoy that genre, you must have twice that many asking for them. I appreciate you honestly labeling your novel BBW, it was my error thinking I could ignore the weight and size references. BTW, I also want to thank you for explaining how authors get paid on Amazon. Because of your thorough and honest accounting, I have changed to buying your books instead of renting them through my Kindle Unlimited account. You deserve to be paid for your talent. I look forward to the next book (as long as it is not a BBW) :)
This could have been a decent story (not great by any means, but fairly readable), but the level of gruesome detail seemed gratuitous. Did we ever learn why April wouldn't speak? If so, it must not have made an impression on me. And what was that reference by her brothers about what they did to her? I considered purchasing the whole series as a package, instead of just Book 1. Glad I didn't.
I read this story painfully from beginning to end thinking it may get better. I can appreciate the effort and creativity that went into it but, just my personal view, it was a pretty weak plot with a weak ending. Maybe just a bit to "far out there" for my personal taste but I would not discourage anyone who likes Si-Fi to give it a try.
Kind of juvenile actions and dialogue. That definitely could have improved. Her past seemed silly to have caused so much turmoil. Not buying other 3.
Not that great. Very basic knowledge that's really just common sense. Wish it would have been more helpful. Better keep looking.
It was a standard m/m romance about two guys getting over the loss of a mutual friend until the author added ghostly happenings. One of the main characters turned into a frightened child who was superstitious over every little thing in a basement without any explanation.
As with other reviewers I found the main characters barely likeable. Their behavior was unbelievable. It took a while for me to "get into" this story. I almost deleted it in the first chapter but decided to keep going. It was just OK.
There was so much repetition. I would guess at least a quarter of the book should be taken out. Very disappointing. In fact I will not be reading the next book in line. When an author does this it feels like they just didn't have enough material for a whole book so they added all the repetition as a filler.
I liked this series but with each book the writing gets poorer and the plot has no mystery to it.
Did not finish, could not get interested in story at all
It reads like it was written by a teenage virgin. Juvenile. I really tried to be open-minded, but, no. I can't recommend it.
I'm sorry but those "accompanying song" titles at the top of each scene, I really thought I could ignore them, but they are so agonizingly distracting, I can't stand it! I want to finish this book but I want to throw it across the room too. It's like a book full of typos except they're done on purpose. They are so frequent, sometimes every other page! I'm not going to listen to these songs while reading this book, or ever. It just takes me out of my mental "zone" while trying to read. Jesus Christ get rid of them! Second problem, the guy's vocabulary is really spectacular in his head, for someone with zero education. But all that comes out of his mouth is one word at a time like "Hurt" or something like that. But in his head he thinks about it in lots of detail for 20 minutes. It's too weird.
Long winded and Boring
This was listed as a YA novel, but I don't see how. Most of the book depicts rape and non-consensual sexual violence. Not a fan.
The use of the verb 'sat' whenever the verb should be 'set' is very distracting and irritating. Otherwise, a good story.
This guy talks about pro tips but he is not a pro or even close to it. His instructions are incomplete sometimes wrong and in no way prepares you or shows you how to make the repairs that he is talking about. This is the problem with home repair books, none of them are written by contractors with actual skill sets but written by writers who sell it to editors who also don't have a clue about construction skills. If you want to learn construction skills ask a neighbor who is good at it or other contractors or ask a contractor to let you tag along on his work and watch him. You could take a week's vacation and learn a lot about how to repair things. Also there are home repair shows on cable that can demonstrate these things. This guy is just looking for money instead of having any pro skills to share. The reviewer is the author of the Kindle book entitled: Sex Education for Adults Secrets to Amazing Sex and Happily Ever After Too and was a contractor for 30 years
This book is a rip off of a New York Times bestseller that was published last year. It is repetitive.
While the ending had a twist, I was bored while reading because it was insanely repetitive. The same words and actions were repeated over and over again.
Weak characters. Took to long to develop. Plot was murky even after that. I was not impressed and was ready to stop reading but I try to give a book a chance to redeem itself. This book never did. Bev was so neurotic about who she was and wasn't that it ruined the already weak plot.
I liked it until it wrapped everything up. The mystery was predictable, and the end of the novel was depressing.
I liked the characters in this book but the book was a big disappointment. I kept waiting for the big battle and the bad guy but it never ever happened.
Not one of his better efforts. Weak finish.
I am a huge fan of Bradshaw because of the Ben Blue and Cain stories. In those series, the plots & characters are gripping, intense, very deeply drawn, clever, and exciting. Tate is a spinoff character from an early Ben Blue story. His role was small but well written. Not so in the first two Tate books. The first in the series is weak and this is worse. There is way too much scenery description, way too much meandering, no clear plot direction, and sloppy construction. Tate just isn't interesting. His character is flat, under developed, and very ordinary. Bradshaw's strength as an author has been his ability to develop colorful, clever, and meaningful main characters. This book just rambles. Very very disappointing. A note: Bradshaw will never clean up his grammar errors. I can't imagine why. But in most of his books, the basic storyline is so terrific, the silly glitches aren't seriously important, just irritating. I recommend new readers read the Ben Blue series first and then start to include the Cain stories, both of which are magnificent. Add a bit of Rubio as well. "Hickory Jack", Bradshaw's first novel, is truly an amazing piece of literature. Don't miss those because of the weak Tate books.
The supernatural powers ruined the story for me. in my opinion, it could have been a fairly decent "beach" read , otherwise.
I read this because I really like the song. I wasn't bored, but it took me a month to finish because I never really felt compelled to pick it up again. It was OK, I guess.
This was a slog! I love Flavia and this book did her character a disservice. The characters and their motives were not fleshed out. Lost opportunity! :(
Basic story was very good but was told in a slow dragging way. The real action didn't start until halfway thru the book making it hard to stay with plot
The writer teases the audience, allowing to believe the story will resolve Jamie's family dilemma and her personal identity crisis. Instead, readers learn the goal of the book is to make us buy the next book, which I won't. Goodbye, Janie, and good luck. Something tells me the next book will be a tease, too.
Too bad the basic ideas for the ship were good. But got lost somewhere. The dramatic finale chapter s seemed unnecessary and added for some too " Busy reason". All the captain s friends I'm sure will help continue to aid in the ship's next quest.
This book read half I can not read, do not know how to say, may be my problem
Incredibly uneven collection of short stories. A couple were good, but several seemed incomplete. Save your time and find something else.
if I had not read this on my kindle, I would have thrown it across the room when I reached the last paragraph. I struggled through the book, soooooooo many characters.........but, I love david rosenfelt books, so I couldn't give up on it. wished I had........
The cabin was a good book but this book was a little bit too much - quite far-fetched and ridiculous at the end. It could have been wrapped up so much better. To basically start the whole ordeal all over... An 'extended' version...... Bad idea. It turned a good story into a ruined one.
Black and white. Wish it had color pictures of foods
Didn't really get into it
Too many parts of the plot were too easy to telegraph - you knew what was going to happen without having to give it too much thought. Some of the characters were pretty thin, not much to them or not developed. Some repetitious dialog prolonged an event that was anti-climatic. It was an ok read but not anything I'd recommend.
i found this book pretty boring! did not finish the book !
Didn't finish it. Not really a great book for anyone over 15.
I didn't enjoy the book until I was in about 80% done, if I wasn't in a book club I wouldn't of finished.
Tired Cold War story
Over 6' of well built confident hot male who isn't afraid to be a super hero yet is humble about it. She is a third grade teacher who I'm not sure I get. Who has sex for the first time with someone, doesn't use a condom, then the next time doesn't ask if he's clean or tells him she's protected? Insta love...... maybe. That's what you need to believe for the happy ending. The use of Fu** or God d** multiple times isn't necessary for a quality written story. Doesn't make it more believable. This story wasn't bad, had some steamy intimacy scenes, no cheating or cliffhanger.
The first book Jaime was so annoying and overdone, she was immature and bratty.Luke acted more of a 13 yr old boy than his 24 year of age he was a wimp and I had to skip several chapters just to finish. The second Joe was more likable and so was Lacey.Lacey was abused by her father Joe came to the rescue. I couldn't read the third book by the third chapter I was done. The characters are not well developed and it's hard to like them and really invest in the story. I gave it 2 stars because the second book wasn't as bad as the other two.
Ultimately the ending was just so disappointing that it erased all good will I had towards the book. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
Started out interesting, loved the premise, but didn't deliver. Eye roll worthy melodrama at end, and just not much here.
I really tried to get through this series! I thought 1 was good, 2, I started to wonder, by the end of 3, I found myself cringing and dreading what came next and not in a pleasant way! Thus...remainder of series went back to the cloud! Cudos to the author for being able to do that, but not my thing! If a story puts me in a bad headspace and makes me dread the next chapter over and over, I'm out! Strangely enough, I applaud the author for her ability to do just what I can't handle! But...I read for pleasure, not to be continually disturbed through approximately 1400 pages!
DNF. I shut the Kindle when the hero noticed the heroine's makeup. Hello. This is the 19th century, when respectable women did not openly wear makeup, and certainly no unmarried young lady did it so that anyone would notice. You can argue with me if you want to, but that popped me right out of the story. It was fairly weak anyway, with a heroine planning a makeover because her fiance is roaming Europe and ignoring her. Sounds far too 21st century. And it's hard to believe parents back then would allow an engagement to drag on for two years like that when the whole point was to get the daughter married and out of their house. I think I've been suckered by an attractive book cover and a premise that shows little likelihood of being fulfilled.
I did not like this book and wont read the rest of that series that I ordered. Did not like the characters.
Was this a book? It seemed more like a half hour TV sitcom. But I guess it was an excuse to try and sell the next installment. No dice.
See my full review on Goodreads. In short, the concept is good, but characters are one- or two-dimensional and too many factual errors and technological inconsistencies. And the editing is atrocious. Think of this as a made-for-TV movie put in book form.
This had such promise but there's just something strange with the writing. Things happen but they're not fully explained, it doesn't draw you into the story - it just tells you what has occurred. It's rote and unfulfilling. What should be pivotal scenes just pop out of nowhere with no lead in or explanation and it's just so mechanical in its story telling. I don't care when characters die or are tortured because there's no actual emotion written into the experiences. As I continued reading, I wanted to be more interested in the characters but Charles' presence is pointless and his character has no actual reason for existing, and the main character just falls flat. There's no single interesting character that stands out in the entire book which is sad because the author has built a flush and diverse world to build off of. It held such promise.. Oh well.
I expected a deeply emotional and gritty novel, especially since Derek was supposed to be a mobster, or drug dealer, something like that. It just went on like a whisper, and ended in a whimper. A rich mobster, who couldn't take the death of his mom, moved to another town, into his girlfriend's tiny apartment? We never see him at work either. This is such a let down, knowing the type of novel Willow Winters writes.
I have read and enjoyed all this Author's books but could not really get into this one. Put it down many times which is something I have not done before.
The core of the story was interesting but the story traveled too slowly and kept repeating itself from various angles. The characters of the book were too extreme too; the good & bad characters were too good or too bad to fit reality. I could also predict what will happen next before it did.
I don't really have a favorite part other than Animal survives! I love his character! My least is paying for a book that only took a half a day to read and your prices are increasing as an average hard copy book.
I always date the Stephanie Plum books as four or even five stars because I laugh out loud when I'm reading them. This one might have even been a five, until it ended with a CLIFFHANGER! Obviously Janet Evanovich no longer has any respect for her readers - just greed. I have purchased and read all 25 books in this series, putting money in this author's pocket! Makes me so mad I could spit! Not one more cent to this author!
recommended by a friend, just okay
I finally got to the end of this series. It was difficult to say the least. This fifth book was a bit more fast paced, but still lacked realism and consistency. Even fiction should make sense. I would list examples, but it would include most of the books. I got through it but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, I'm just one of those readers that has to finish what I started.
Was looking for a new series and thought I'd give this one a go. However, there's too much pointless narration, implausible actions, and mangled syntax for me to keep going. Had to put it down at "save the world!" Two stars may even be one too many.
I found the story line hard to follow. Did not realize it was a book with 3 stories.
I have to write this review to exit out of this book. I loved it and want to read the next one.
Not fond of the writing style. It was hard to get into.
I thought the hero was a marginal character and then a major one and it did not read well.I skipped pages which I never do just to get through it. It rambles and I lost interest. Had I known I would never have bought it.I do not recommend it.
I get how one might get tired of a character and want her story to be over, but this book is a disappointing half finished mess. Our leading lady wants to be pretty (puts on makeup to impress who?), she wants to be respected (does whatever she likes, regardless of how foolish and ill-considered it is), she doesn't see any problem sleeping with her mentor/professor, afterall what are they there for? So, she's a complicated and to this reader, unsympathetic character, fine. But the world she lives in is interesting, the magic is fascinating, but I wish the world was fleshed out a bit more, what does the character's siblings plan on doing for a living (without magic)? So, I read this last book in the series to see how the author finished it off and I was dissapointed. Should you read it? Probably, but keep your expectations low.
Bought this book by mistake, it was ok too long,repetitive,and you know what was going to happen.The only surprising part was who the daughter of Eddie was and even then it wasn't enough.
Very generic topics with many references to his other books. Very quick read. This general info you can get from Writers Digest magazine out any writers blog
I have previously enjoyed this author, but this book is a disappointment. Other reviewer have done a good job of summarizing the faults in this latest novel. Let's hope the author reads the criticism and engages a better editor or learns to control her runaway pen.
Not a fan. I've given this author a few tries and I don't think I'm ever gonna read another.
Somewhat confusing storyline. Shifts to the past, then ends leaving you hanging. Don't really care for books that are written to get you to buy the next book.
Considering the authors who are known for exciting reads this is NOT one to be recommended. The characters are not very likeable this time, though Gideon was in the past, Garza wavers between good and bad, wimp and hero, just a mishmash of a book. Was it written by two guys who know each other or a committee?
The book and story wasn't bad, but definitely not the steamy f/f romance I was hoping it would be. Not quite enough description of things or character development. Sometimes I like vague descriptions so you can imagine them in your own way. But you really didnt get much to go off of. I wont continue reading this series perhaps even the author.
I couldn't get very far into the book.
Was disappointed in the book. Did not finish. I enjoy the Doc Ford series, but this book just did not click.
The book looks okay....I haven't tried any recipes yet but there are several that look good. I am very disappointed that there is not a table of contents at the beginning of the book so I can just click on a recipe without having to look at every page. Also the format on my fire tablet is not good at all. I have directions of one recipe at the top of the page, and the next recipe title at the bottom. So I would give it a 1 star on formatting....it is awful.
I hope it gets better when the main characters get out of Philly. Also, the story needs proofreading and editing. There are so many distracting errors. For instance, when they are attempting to rescue Becca, Cal tells his daughter to stay in the vehicle. Then it says he hands the key to BECCA, but it should say TRINITY.
Somewhat interesting piece of historical fiction but also somewhat clumsily written. It seemed that every chapter ended with a dark foreboding line that indicated that “things were about to become much worse.” Not sure that's a direct quote but it's the sense that was conveyed aloud too many times. A little subtlety might have been nice. The book also needed tighter editing. A few sentences contained repeated clauses, and Hick took walks with her dog apparently after the report of his death.
I thought this would be a collection of short stories, but it's really just one. Thought I'd read a few scary or horror stories in honor of Halloween month and all. This is one story about a scary snowman - but more silly than really scary. Moderately entertaining but not what I'd expected from a Danish or Scandinavian horror genre. Read it in a few minutes.
This book was a sequel to a great book, Red Phoenix. Unfortunately, I don't think it lived up to that book. Some characters were carried over from the previous book and some were new, in truth only a couple of the previous characters had a good arch. The rest of the characters were pretty flat. The action was fairly weak overall. I was disappointed.
I got tired of the back and forth
The author was once a very funny writer, and every once in a while he still has moments of brilliant humor. But they're few and far between in Calypso, and mostly he just rambles on about nothing. I kept thinking that any moment now, the humor will kick in and hold. It didn't, and the last third of the book was especially bad. Probably my last book by this author.
I felt totally ripped off by this book. Oh, it was a fun read: full of the right amount of gory details with strange animals running amok. BUT, there is nothing satisfying about the read. Here are my issues with the book: There is no resolved ending - reader can assume that there will be a book 2, but it isn't stated anywhere at the end of the book or in Amazon books. Since the reader and characters have been taken on this blindfolded ride to the Zoo, the location is unknown. HOWEVER, as the book winds down, we read that the media is at the location. WHAT? The assumptions are just too glaring for me to recommend this book.
The story is frequently interspersed with conversation between Brother Moon, Sister Sun, and Great Spirit. I made it all the way through the book, but it got rather dreary with untimely deaths and constant battles with depression, culminating with a rather flat ending,
I don't mind reading books that continue to another book but I don't care much for those that end abruptly and you have to read the second or third book to get the continued story. Having said that the story was fast-paced and moved quickly, however somewhat predictable
I didn't know anything about this book going into it except that the cover was beautiful. I've read this authors previous series which was good so I pre-ordered it. I saw a few IG/FB post saying how emotional the book was and to be sure to have tissue close by. I started the book and I was instantly intrigued because this was such a tragic, heartbreaking and deep topic. One that is extremely important to me as a survivor myself. It's so sensitive in nature that it can go either way. I found that the main characters Bea and Liam were adorable together but I think Liam needed more depth to him, more character development. It's as if he was dropped into the book and then removed for 6 years only to drop him back in. I also felt that as the story progressed and I could understand what Bea was thinking at times dealing with that she didn't fight back, she didn't try to stop the abusive that went on for 6 years in her mother's home. I felt there were times, opportunities within those 6 years that she could of gotten help, collected evidence of the abuse to put a stop to it. I was angry that no one in her life picked up on the signs to offer her help. I thought her mother was so selfish I wanted to inflict pain on her for being so neglectful. I felt that there were just so many things that the story lacked a realness, it lack true depth.
Like another reviewer says, this book goes into too many details about minor everyday actions. After about 30% into the book, I had to skip to 70% and finish because the book was too boring. I also wanted to gag every time the author used the word "tummy" which was multiple times. It's like an adult saying they need to go "potty".
Not a very convincing storyline. Also, the main character is irritating - I found it difficult to identify with her or really care about her.
I stayed with this for 13 chapters and gave it up. It is horrible.
I know it's a Christmas story and this one fell right into the "Hallmark" category. But after hearing all the praise about Debbie Macomber I expected better writing. The whole premise of Charles suddenly changing and the whole Ray-Emily instant connection thing was more "magic" than I like to read and don't get me started on the elves.
The account about his "heaven" experience is very minimal. Did not get much of what I was expecting, poor help for me.
I was really disappointed in this story. It was long and slow. Parts were linked together poorly with no rhyme or reason. The kidnapping was poorly connected to the main story. It was as if the author threw a bunch of ideas together but had no idea how to link them together in a meaningful way. Not worth it to read.
I've been a long time fan of Christine Feehan and have really enjoyed many of her series. This one, not so much. The story line and character development seemed secondary to the crazy amount of sexual content. Don't get me wrong, CF is great at adding steaminess to her stories, and I'm good with that. This book was more like reading porn than a story. I kept reading, hoping to get more depth of characters and overall storyline. Lots of characters thrown at out there, but it felt random, poor connection other than a way to set this book up for more of the same and try to call it something new. Not interested in continuing on with this series.
This is one of those series that has potential and is interesting but the author drags it out to make the most money for the story. Which leads to each book not having a real climax or missing chances to really develop the story. Two books in the characters are almost pretty much where they started. Would not recommend
Nothing new or exciting. Stories we've heard before. Spent 10 bucks and killed 5 hours on a plane. Y M B
Hedonistic dystopian porn saga. The characters are strange and endlessly horny. Nuff said.
Love the book. Poor Customer Experience when there is no way to access audio upgrade on iPhone. I switched to Kindle because of the Audio Upgrades I got on Thyroid Healing & others from Amazon.
First off, I have to say Mary Calmes is one of my very favorite authors. I usually read her books at least twice (I think I've read Frog four times now). Also, this series is my favorite and I love Miro and Ian. In fact, I've really become vested with all of the characters. Even this book, though my least favorite, had several sections that brought me to tears. That said, however, the whole "thing" with Janet and Ned at the end was so disappointing and, I thought, totally unnecessary. That whole section seemed like Ms Calmes was told to add more words so that was just tacked on to flesh out the book. It ruined the whole book for me and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Please Ms Calmes. Write a fifth book and fix this!!!
*** SPOILER ALERT *** You have to read more than halfway into the story until they actually get married. Up until then, it's a big ol' dance between the two of them. After that, it's more dancing and then you toss in a crazy ex-husband, a pregnancy that really doesn't have much relevance to the story IMO and some mystery/love story that tries to fill in the rest of the plot. The story itself jumps blocks of time per chapter as it sees fit, which means that the author doesn't have to really build any part of the plot in too much detail. All in all, a disappointment and $0.99 I wasted.
I loved her other series, the End of Days series. This one was quite disappointing. Good visuals but a lot of errors and did not move the story along, took me a while to read it because I just could not commit and then it was over. Will not read the next in the series of there is one.
Did not like the bride to be in this story The wedding planner and the grooms brother who happens to be a divorce attorney becomes involved. I did not see the groom and the fiancée likeable. And for the bride to be pregnant and not know was too much. It felt forced and made her look like a gold digger.
The first chapter and last chapter are decent. In between is a morass of internal monologue and relentless description of minutiae that numbs the reader to the plight of the protagonist. Once we don't care about the protagonist, the narrative tension is gone and it becomes laborious to finish the novel.
This book was fine. The gimmick sustained itself through to the end but it lost its novelty pretty quick. Though has a whining white male ever been a novelty? I'd be impressed by how much he goes down on women if I didn't think that it was intended by the author as a commentary on the protagonists manhood or virility. So, meh? Also, trigger warning for attempted rape.
I'm a great fan of RJ Scott, especially her Sanctuary, Bodyguards and Ellery Mountain series. This book, however, was very disappointing. For one thing, I detest books where the characters cannot stand up to their various family members. There are too many books out like this and I'm tired of that particular trope. I also wasn't enamored of any of the characters. I especially disliked Abby who kept throwing her brother under the bus and, despite her obvious intelligence, was a dithering female and acted like a prima donna. I liked Darcy, who seemed to be the only one in the whole book that was trying to make things work. The whole story seemed sort of rushed. I'm not familiar with Meredith Russell so can't comment on her skills, but this was not at all one of RJ Scott's best efforts. Not a very good start to this new series.
Didn't finish nor enjoy this book at all.
The book was okay. It didn't keep my glued each page. Good for the price. Don't think I could recommend it for a book club reading.
This could be a good book if it had something besides conversations. No action jjust blah blah blah!! Couldn't finish it.
I like reading series that has the same characters and follow their growth as a detective. I thought the writing was childish and didn't capture my investment in reading more about this character. I am always anxious to read what Harry Bosch or Alex Cross or Cotton Malone is up to. I am normally an author's dream since I like just about every book but Buttons and Lace is not a series I would want to continue
I did not enjoy this tiresome book at all. Perhaps another reader might enjoy this that likes early english drivel.
The books are listed by title without the author showing. I want to see the authors to choose the book.
This book had some interesting characters, but the editing was atrocious. There were at least two mistakes on every page, and often the words were so mixed up it was nearly impossible to decipher the meaning. The story was uneven and had lots of gaps. Still, I stuck with it to the end.
Sooo slow, mundane, flat, predictable. What on earth makes this a romance? The couple doesn't even meet until 50% thru the book. They share no more than a simple kiss 81% into the story. They end up marrying, but there is no real passion between them.
I have read so many of Debbie's books and loved them. But, this was such an inane story. I could not believe that she wrote a story like this. The characters were stupid !!
Very little to do with private money. Although is a fair beginners guide summary of elementary concepts to get started in real estate. NOT for high end private placement.
Don't waste your money the worst Teddy Fey book. There must have been a ghost rider from the nearest day school.
To many typo errors. Made it hard to read.
Just finished A Hundred Summers and loved it, but really did not like this book at all. Of the two characters Vivian (present) and Violet (past) I could not stand the Vivian character and her storyline and I skimmed through all of her chapters as fast as I could turn the pages. I enjoyed the Violet character and her storyline but it was pretty predictable. Since this book was titled the Secret Life of Violet Grant I wish the whole book had been about her. There seemed to be no real point in the present Vivian character and her lifestyle and life choices were laughable. Overall I have to say I do not recommend this book. I can't understand all the rave reviews.
My disclaimer: I dislike writing reviews because what I have to say is based on my suitcase of life including all of the books I've ever read. So i feel my opinion is my bias & I surely feel bad to be negative. I don't want to lie either. With this being said, I started out liking the story & was thinking this is going to be good. Shortly thereafter one of the main characters became way too much for me to believe was a real person. I just wanted to "slap" this person's head. Please forgive me & my thought of abuse. I was overwhelmed by the infantile & idiotic acts & verbal trash from this person. It didn't help there were two enablers that had problems too, one person more than the other. Of course this is what the entire story is about. There were other side stories too so there are more characters that helped smooth out what was going on. In my opinion the only person being normal was a young person and much was said of the person's young-ness almost anytime mentioned. I was totally surprised by Grandpa popping up. What did I miss???? I have purposely tried to hide the sex of any of the characters except Grandpa as this review is my opinion of these people in a fictional story so you can make up your own mind. Last, some stories were a bit contrived, something I don't like much.
Greta grew up in Kansas during the Civil War. She's grown up by war's end, and there's nothing for her here. Her brother's way out in Oregon, and she needed a way out, and when she saw an ad for mail-order bride by a teacher, she took it. // Greta was not Marston was looking for in a bride. He, at 32, hoped for an older woman, not a 20-year old slip of a girl. He hired her as teacher's aide instead, refusing to sully her. However, Greta knew what she wanted, and she sets about to her tasks, be a wife to Marston without the intimacy, and hoped to win his heart. However, with winter approaching, and a wagon train due soon to leave for Oregon, time is running out. I guess this is somewhat inspirational, but I didn't feel much from this story.
In my opinion he jumps from one thing to another, there is no sequence. I did not learn much. It's not a good book to read about the bible
Y. It was hard to hold my interest. I had a lot of unanswered questions. Therefore it did not feel like closure.
to much filler. must be paid by the word. way to much worthless info. the first 30 percent could be skipped without missing anything. once you get to the meat of the book not bad. the second book same way.
I started out hopefully, the heroine seemed interesting, but the sexual content made me quickly decide this book was not for me.
After reading Kevin Hart's book I was recommended this book from a friend. I was really excited and wanted to like the book, I'm about 60% done. The writing style is awful. Its not a linear book and her stories are all over the place.she goes from one point in her life to a completely different part of her life and then back again. And some things just make no sense. For instance at one point she was making 400 a show for MC'ing but in the same breath would say she was broke, but getting paid to MC and getting paid to do comedy. She doesn't explain how she got roles or how she got comedy shows, it just happens. So this book is more of a bunch of collective stories about her life rather than an autobiography.
Still not a great storyline. The Series has great potential that's why I've kept buying it. There needs to be some more character development and some antagonist. There needs to be some kind of sustained confrontation and or great betrayal. Too many of the conflicts happen quickly resolved with little effort some of the plots are very predictable.
Wasn't one of her better written books. Plot wasn't very good. Characters where stale.
did not even finish it, it got boring. sorry.
Found it a bit tedious. Didn't hold my interest at all.
There must be a better word to describe this than "short". Tiny, miniscule, puny, ... Also, when did Reacher become so naive and trusting?
It was ok. Kinda predictable. But I read it all the way through. It's an easy read in a few afternoons.
I am not a fan of the older style of writing where it is told through letters to other. Just did not care for the book.
I like this world and the series, but felt that in this particular book, the emotional dynamic between the two main characters was forced and two-dimensional. There was also limited involvement from secondary characters to round out the novel. I had to force myself to finish it. Hopefully her next novel will be more developed.
Weak plot and not very well written. No more Patterson for me!
I learned about the process of making the movie from tv documentaries than from this book. This is primarily a retelling of already published stories without any additional detail or insight. Simply an ode the National Lampoon co-founder.
Curiously, I read book 2 ("Too Clever by Half") before book 1 (this one). I found this somewhat interesting, except -- a BIG exception -- I really don't like the witch/magic/old wisdom mumbo-jumbo. Do they really believe in that medieval superstition down in Southwestern Cornwall? Are they really that primitive? Or is this just for the sake of a good detective yarn with a different slant? I don't plan to read any more of this series because of how much this superstition pervades these books.
Formulaic and predictable. No surprises here . Not much of a plot either.
I liked the humor in it. But compared to the immortal ops series, this is more of a fast food $1 burger. I am not planning on reading anything else in this series.
The idea behind the story was original and unusual for fairy fantasy. Characters were well developed and plotlines of intriguing mystery. Unfortunate that it is ruined by sensuality and sex scenes that eventually is the only thing keeping the story going. An original idea ruined by cheap sensuality.
Worthless for the intended purpose of assisting people with understanding what working inside an embassy is like
Setting of story not really clear - time frame fuzzy - not really intriguing.
I didn't like that it doesn't read like a story or conversation. The author did not leave out any detail, no matter how minute. It's a good book if you are a researcher, heck of a record. For the reader expecting a narrative, not so much. Wasn't my cup of tea.
Couldn't get into it---too much narrative.
I wish I had read some of the negative reviews earlier, I would have saved myself time and money! I have enjoyed this series and am not shy about it's graphic content but this heroine just made me cringe! I just did not buy her language and I'm not normally squeamish about that sort of thing. Once an F bomb ok, but every time she opens her mouth it's Sh$t this or 'ef that! She sounded far too modern and frankly unlikable. Come on... It's a shame as I really wanted to read Gavin's story, at this point I just feel bad for him. I also gave this 2 stars so that people don't stay clear of the whole series just this one story.
The concept had potential but it was rushed. Lots of potential story lines were introduced but nothing was really finished. Honestly, the ending read as though someone tapped the author on the shoulder and said, "Wrap this up."
I was expecting more. Not sure if there is a part 2. The abrupt ending was unexpected. Not something i would recommend
This authors marketing scheme drives me nuts. I honestly don't know why I keep buying her books. I have find myself enjoying the story & then suddenly the story stalls. When I check the page number, I realize the author or editor is dragging out the story so they can sell another book. This series is a cash grab. If you don't like cheating, skip this series.
The world-building is weak and the main character is uninteresting. The bones are there for a great tale but it just didn't hook me. Sorry.
Please, please, please re-edit this book. I want to enjoy the story, but there are so many grammar errors, mis-used words and pronoun agreement errors that I find myself trying to figure out what the author is trying to say. I'm actually stopping part way into the book to write this because the errors are so bad.
Book was slow and I thought it would always get better flashes of what could have been a wonderful book
There's always a danger in starting a series of books long after the beginning. In this case book 11. I found this an interesting story but it was too easy for me to put down.
Wonderful set! Great read. All three flowed well together and had no dull moments. Will be buying others as soon as I can.
Very disapointed. Loved Woman In Cabin Ten,,,not so much Lying Game. Doubt if I will read anything by her again.
She writes well but it is very predictable. As soon as a character is introduced you know exactly what will follow. Wish it was better, would have loved to have found a new (to me) author.
I didn't even finish this book. This was so dragged out that I finally just fast forwarded to the end. Ever hear of less is more? Whole chapters of graphic sex and slowly story development does not make a good book. Learn from better writers who know how to balance the two. This book needed about 200 less pages. What a disappointment.
This was a Barely Serious Book Club selection. I would not otherwise choose science fiction published in 1969. A challenging read. No one at dinner had completed reading the book except the member who chose the book. She explained its significance in the evolution of sci-fi and some of the plot so I picked it back up. The incredible journey of the two main characters across the ice that also leads them to understand each other is truly epic. I read for pleasure and escape. This book while worthwhile required a lot of effort.
Very technical space opera.... seemed like a good set up pre book to a much better series. Which is also what my book club said that they get better as you read through series but it definitely wasn't for me I couldn't get past halfway point.. wasted my life on this one.
I just couldn't get into this Dugoni book and I like him as an author. Deleted it at about 1/4 through.
I thought it would get better. But 1/3 into the book, we were still describing in DETAIL how to climb a mountain. The book would have been better if 100 pages were taken off. I enjoyed the Patagonia description but the mountain climbing constant description got very boring. I gave up and wasted $10. I probably disagree with most of the reviews, but that's how I viewed this story.
The story wasn't bad but it had terrible errors throughout the entire book. Author needs a beta or someone willing to correct mistakes. Editor should have caught these errors.
...the author committed the unforgivable: she inserted her own political viewpoint into the story. The line was with regard to a conversation taking place between two detectives driving down a lonely road deep in farm country. When one detective asks the other "What grows here??!", the other replies "Republicans and unemployment". An insult to me, a Republican, and to the very farmers who provide this pompous, elitist author who no doubt enjoys the best those farmers produce. It was very offensive, and puts Slaughter firmly on my "will never read again" list.
The story could become a true event, but I wanted to kill James so many times,stupid,stupid man! I almost didn't finish the book because of him,why did the auther make him such a dim wit ???????? No common sense! Not worth reading!
Bland and repetitive are the best things I can say about this book. Huge sections repeat the same information over and over again, for what felt like word count padding. There's nothing technically wrong with it, but there just wasn't much good about it either. Give it a week and Ben and Elliot will have faded away into a barely remembered blur.
The plot was promising as was the chemistry of the characters. But there was just too much waiting around in between advancing the story. I was not engaged or entertained
This book has a minor plot and goes on forever, as if the author was given marching orders regarding volume. Major disappointment from someone who has written much better in the same style, some of us have learned to appreciate
Didn't care for the book. Too many kids to keep track of in the book and boring.
I found this book to be trite and hard to read. I finally just gave up and moved on.
I really wanted to like this book.I liked the concept but the MC came off as more of a high schooler, rather than an adult. I had to return it.
One more description on how the petit but powerful lawyer destroys those who make the fatal mistake of even getting near her was a reason to stop reading. However I did finish, the improbable plot with James Bond style villains out to destroy the world and of course the most inane love triangle topped off with vengeance on the mean woman that was responsible for the most dastardly deeds meeting her end at the hands of, never mind I don't want to spoil the ending.
Poorly written! Very disappointed 😔
This one never quite worked the way it wanted to. The format is a good one, but a huge problem is that none of the characters telling the stories within the story had distinctive voices. They all spoke in the same excessively formal pseudo-Victorian cadence as the prime narrator. The stories varied in quality, but none of them truly popped the way great short stories do, and the one that pulled off a great twist did so in the middle, allowing the narrative to just kind of peter out. An interesting experiment, but I can't recommend this one.
If you're interested in names, parties and places, you'll find a lot to enjoy. If you want more, the book is lacking depth of feeling.
This book was not as good as their parents book. It was too much resistance for no reason. It was just mediocre.
The plot had had interesting concept,but it was poorly written. It should have ended with the first book. I will not be reading the sequel.
A very short and quick read I thought Books 1 and 2 were better. Maybe take more time writing rather than mass production.
the subject sounds interesting, but the book was dull...did not finish, and I like English history
The firsts book was interesting, then each book following was almost the same except for the villain.
As a fan of Hugh Howey and dystopian science fiction, I was underwhelmed. There were a few quality stories, but most felt rushed. A few grammatical errors that were surprising to see.
This is NOT a review for the book; I love this book. This Tamora Pierce series holds a special place in my heart. However, this kindle edition is not great. At first, the typos are few and far between -- not a big deal, I notice a couple in almost all kindle books -- but towards the end of the book they become more frequent and frankly ridiculous, things a basic spell-check would have caught and words that are completely indecipherable. Amazon, can you update or fix this somehow?
This book is simply a vehicle for sex. There is very little story to it as far as I am concerned. Just my opinion.
This is a difficult book to review. First because the topic and story is horribly depressing, and second because the writing is sub-par. True crime books are rarely happy ending stories and that's not what I was expecting here, but the story line suffered from a lack of cohesive approach with random things thrown in which had no bearing on the story. It skimmed the surface of what was going on in the clouded mind of the perpetrator, and gave short shrift to the core issues of domestic violence, drug/alcohol abuse, and dysfunctional familial relationships and its impact on young children. Ultimately I don't think the book accomplishes what it sets out to do, which is to examine what drove this young mother to throw two of her children off a bridge. Better editing might have helped this book . . . 2.5 stars but there isn't enough compelling factors to round it up to 3 stars. Disappointing.
Makes Harper Lee "read" like a one-hit wonder.
Not going to read any more McDermitt books, was so depressed by what's happened with one of main heroes- Alex, and how her death was described in details. It is definitely just me and my emotions, but would not recommend to read this book
Very slow read without much of a plot. The writing was awkward and the main characters were not developed well. You don't find out any information on the main characters pasts. The dialogue's in the story was also out of place.
Characters were a bunch of stereotypes and the writing was juvenile.
Boring, not enough story telling
Writing was choppy and disjointed. Some parts in the book appeared to be there for no discernible purpose other than to fill up space. Only in little bits and pieces scattered widely through the book does the author hint that he is capable of elegant evocative writing. The rest seems to be an attempt to flesh out a formulaic horror story; small town in its fading glory with all of the requisite characters carefully in place. Just not good.
Someone forgot to proof read this book. There were at least 4 pages that were repeated. This was just a mess. How much did Danner boots pay him for all the Danner ads? Second I live in Portland and know my way around . I am not a slow driver and there is no way I could hit some of those speeds at those times. Maybe I should not admit that part :) The author really does not drive around Portland much. I enjoyed most of the story. The last 70% of the book was rushed and not very well thought out. I guess he was setting up for the next book and lost interest in this one. It was a fast read.
The author pieces together snippets from various sources to weave a portrait of life in Lincoln's time and references the source after every snippet. When reading the kindle version, I could read each snippet and just glance at the attribution but in the audible version each attribution is read every time which really disrupted the flow and made a very unpleasant experience for me.
Nothing revolutionary in this book. Just basic common advice you have probably heard or used before. It's not going to help me.
The book was okay. I couldn't really get into this one like I have the others. No real exciting events happened and I didn't like the ending.
Moderately interesting. Character gimmick did not appeal to me.
Ugg...Felt like a 1950s stereotype of rich southerners, but the characters were so cartoonish & unbelievable for current day and time. Maybe I hated it because I'm from the South, & it was like a driving miss daisy but with younger sexy characters.
The 2 main characters were perfect, with no flaws. The 3rd character was very poorly written, especially in terms of what it said. And the plot resolution was so hackneyed. Very disappointed.
Good story. Well written. The book has way too much repetitive lurid detail in the violence scenes. Same with sex.-- too much and too repetitive. The story line, however, is valid, imaginative, and worth exploring.
Although several of the stories were good, some by the same author were out of order and it confused me.
It was hard to get past the feeling that the mother is a major egomaniac. The book felt like it was mostly about her, not her son. Much of it felt impossible. Time frames etc. I really find myself not caring at all after finishing it.
Very preliminary, not much new stuff. Would not recommend this book. Seems like the content is not fully developed yet
I don't even know what to say.but I'll just say is ok if you want to spend money on this go for it.😂
I cannot figure out where the positive reviews are all coming from, maybe an audible version or something. there are typos all over, using of instead of off then instead of them, and countless others. I ended up re-reading a lot because I couldn't figure out what was happening. It goes beyond an editor to needing, in my opinion, a rewrite. Add to that, the author doesn't even follow his own magic math (or at least he doesn't seem to) Douglas is regenerating 13 mana per hour yet he is running around throwing spells that are described as costing ten points all over the place. Or he is using man to tunnel around to avoid the monsters on the surface, he stops because his mana is empty, and then starts again because his mana is full. but by my estimation that would take 10 hours, yet earlier it describes his dirt turned air as returning to dirt in seconds. How is he keeping it air over the course of hours? But all that said some of it is still rather humorous.
There is enough of that in real life. Do we really need it in a cozy mystery? That whole episode about the two men saying she was too pretty and could not be taken seriously was extremely unnecessary.
It's not that the content is all bad, but this author is taking great ideas from other people and dramatically over-simplifying them to the point that critical context is lost. He precariously walks a line of giving credit and making it seem like these ideas are his own. All in all this is not worth your time or your money. Go seek out actual professionals who aren't just trying to drum up clients for their own coaching business by sloppily copying others. Really disappointed.
The Killing type. While this was a twisty short story about two sisters and the man they (love ha!?) One sister thinks her husband is trying to kill her but the other sister tells the police she is making it up. Then the second sister wounds up with him..did not really get into the story all that much. It's a good premise. And I like short stories. But there was to much put in to justify being so short. Twist after twist after twist in a story that takes under an hour to read. It was to much for me. Also I did not like either sister nor could I get a grasp on who they really were. Actually I liked nobody in this story except for the sisters sweet mom. There was not alot of meat to this story as it ends rather quickly. Not that it is bad or not well written. But I read so many mysteries and I really do need to feel like I know my characters and what their motivations are. There was no character development but I guess there could not be much as the story was so short..just so much to cram in with such a short book. And the sisters left a bad taste in my mouth. Truth be told I could not stand either one of them. I do like dark and intense stories and think I'd maybe have liked this more if it was full length.
This book is not my favorite. The story is so boring that I can't watch To the end!
There's a lot of telling in this book which makes it hard for me to connect to the main character. I also never got a very good personality read on cheshire or many of the other characters. The main character also came off as a Mary Sue. It is a creative premise however and some of her creatures are very inventive!
I found it kinda boring...I read it because everyone was telling me it was a great read...not my style.
I think the message and theme is good, but the delivery is cheesy and cliche. I had really high hopes that was dashed.
It was ok. Not the best. Guess it was t what I expected.
I really like this series and this Author but this book was not the best. I had to force myself to finish it. I just found it dull and sometimes confusing but that could have been from losing interest so many times during the book.
How can you review this, it is not even a book. It is only a partial. Why on earth would anyone seriously call this a book. It is more like what is printed on the back of a book jacket.
I am finally done with this group of beach friends. Both Jason and Kyle just need to grow up, and I'm tired of their quick bursts of anger. The author uses trite phrases related to characters tucking strands of hair behind their ears ... over and over. And, the constant descriptions of characters' clothing is distracting and doesn't enhance the story. This particular book didn't end - it just stopped. So very disappointing.
As a beginning of a longer story- a bit disappointing. Extremely religious world, the whole gods system unclear, military fractions mixed up. So, the commander of knights , experienced soldier, during many skirmishes and war didn't kill anyone? Nonsense. The plague concept interesting, let's see how the author develops it. Dead who are alive - difficult concept, we can't be even sure who is in and out, for the whole series a threat, as there might be the case, that those killed in the first volume will be back in the third. I'll buy the second book anyway to see , where it goes.
The ending of this book was waaaaaaaaay too rushed and did not make any sense other than to tease a new series. Very disappointing after investing years in this series.
Not what I expected from this author and I have read most of his work
A lot of the stories were confusing and lost me. I wasn't quite sure what Was going and would have liked more information, especially the basic information such as when, where, groups involved, etc.
I specifically looked for Lauren Layne books last night because I like her writing. I finished this early this morning, but I wanted to wait a bit before reviewing. For starters, I'm disappointed I paid $5 for this short book. This book was really about a whining 27 year old female. It's told in first person, which makes it worse for some reason. I feel like she should've developed the romance with Mark more. It boring was. It wasn't worth $5. Clearly, they'd end up together. I'm trying not to give the whole book away, but it's hard not to.
Wasn't too keen on the rape. When I read a Amish fiction I am not into having this hit you in the face. Was really disappointed.
Too wordy Disjointed plot Neither insightful nor entertaining I did skip much of the middle of the book because I could not slog through it.
There was no depth to the characters or to the plot. It was a true cozy mystery with no graphic violence or sexual scenes and no coarse language. Sadly, it was just not well written.
The book doesn't have in-depth information or ways of applying the principles. It sounds like a non duality book that only people who are awake can understand. Maybe I'll try another one of his other books.
Long winded, did not hold my interest. I put it down 1/2 way through.
Not my style at all. Sicky, sappy and zero tension. I won't be reading any more of these books - barely made it through this one without gagging.
I read the first two books and then gave up. The plot is okay but there is not enough depth in the story to keep my attention. There are too many unanswered questions and just silly plot points. A sensor indicates that the enemy you dread will be arriving within hours and you do NOTHING!!! It is not even clear why the enemy is deemed Anti-Life. There is almost no development of the enemy at all. I found the characters to be rather dull and lifeless as well; more formulaic than interesting. I won't be returning to this series.
Not sure why but I had a hard time finishing this book. Just wasn't that interesting to me. Saw the ending coming.
Sorry, I just didn't like it
I liked the mystery of the plot, but it is disjointed and too wordy and well organized. I would not recommend this novel.
I liked very much the first 3 books, they all seemed to have a bit of an agenda, but not so much that the agenda interfered with the story. This one however, way too much agenda. IF I want to read about some woman who is struggling to come out as gay, then make it a story about that, do not try to place it in a mystery book. Did not like it, too much gay and not enough story.
I liked the story but really, really disliked offensive words. That's is why I gave it a two rating. Would not recommend to anyone not an adult. I think stories can be written and liked without using such words
I have never seen so many typos in any published work. The writing was fine with humor and romance. But wow, did you ever think to hire a proofreader?
A beginner's book for sure but lacking vital info that is 101. Like how to respect the dead when going to a cemetery. Beginners should not be advised to go to cemeteries unprotected while lacking proper knowledge. More importantly, cleansing and protection work is glossed over which are fundamental and essential 101 lessons that are vital for successful workings. None-the-less this book is a short and easy read for beginners.
The book was just ok for me. Nothing memorable.
I wanted to add another dictionary to my Kindle. It can't recognise any verb forms except the plain form, a problem too serious to ignore.
There were times I found it hard to follow. I honestly skipped over a lot of stuff. I'd also appreciate more biblical references.
Soap opera digest and first sex scene needs a rewrite. Middle aged people do not undress themselves and stand back and scrutinize. Nope. The rest was mildly entertaining in a Nancy Drew sort of way.
So much wasted potential here. The mc is such a wuss! He gets a harem and never has sex with them. oh except that one they are so sexually frustrated they get him drunk. Wtf? Man up dude!
As an old timer with this author it's with heavy heart that I say goodbye to this series. The last few books in this series have really been a struggle for me and I haven't read one in 2-3 years now that I really enjoyed, but have been holding out hope that she will revise her writing style and maybe update some of the terminology to reflect more modern times. Unfortunately I just find the stories boring and the love scenes just plain corny now. Not sure who the target audience is but those of us that have been with her from the beginning are all feeling the same way judging from the reviews that I've read here and on other sites. The storyline just doesn't make sense anymore, the heroes are redundant , and the heroines complete bubble heads too stupid to live ( figuratively speaking).
I quit reading it because of the foul language.
I love all of Anne Perry's books, but this one fell short for me. It was a little weird, the story weak and not up to her usual caliber. Very disappointing for me this time around:(
A disappointment. No where near as good as all the other dale brown series of books. A dud.
Truthfully, I couldn't finish it. I have struggled, but there isn't any meat here. The characters are forgettable and lack any real spark. Goodness! Why does the heroine have to be so silly and why does the hero have to be so slow? Really! The whole thing lasted way longer than it ought to have and I couldn't waste any more time. Sometimes, characters can have their own pieces, but not this time. Perhaps, as another reviewer said, it is just me and I cannot get into the piece. I don't think so. The exotic travel wasn't all that interesting--and I haven't even been to India. It just seemed to take space not be a place. I gave it 2 stars because perhaps for someone else it will work and I don't like to really dis the author since much of the writing isn't poor, just not interesting. I'm sure that happens to many authors.
The book did not download correctly. Pages were missing. I enjoyed what I read. Would like the complete volume I paid for
Yawn. Same stuff, different names. Overpriced short story.
I loved the beginning of the book as it gave a view of what life could be like if we don't start caring about our planet. He is a known science writer and I wanted more! The characters didn't come alive to me. I finished it and would not recommend it. Read his other non fiction books.
Not much of a western. Just rambled on for page after page. Didn't stick with the plot and was lost several times. Don't think it was worth reading.
Dang it!! The book didn't mention that it was a trilogy or whatever at least I didn't see that anywhere. Its a good story that was slightly dragged out. I'm sure it could have all been one book. Not buying part 2
The book started out well and then just went on and on and on....... and never quite got to the point until I just quit reading it. I got to about 60% of the way and simply could not continue. I see where others have simply skipped ahead full chapters to get to the last 15% of the book. By the time I gave up my interest had simply disappeared. Too bad, could have been written in a much more concise and interesting format.
This feels like a Young Adult version of the currently LitRPG trend. Post Apocalyptic nonsense, completely naive and oblivious MC, every other character dropping tantalizing hints that the world is big and complicated and scary. I put this down about 2/5 of the way through.
Gosh I wanted to like this book....I really like older woman, younger man romances but things one was seriously irritating. The main character, Jillian, hooks up with a younger guy and then spends the entire book being a neurotic old lady about it. She is so annoying and self destructive, that I even wonder why the younger guy is pursuing her. Also she is a complete doormat to her ex-husband who is clearly using her as a safety net and she puts up with it, even when he deliberately sabotages her relationship. What saves the book a tiny bit is the side characters. Her sister-in-law is supposed to be her cheerleader pushing her to take a chance, but she is so over the top she becomes super annoying halfway through the book. The younger guy, Chase is the highlight, but we don't get enough romance scenes with him. Also he's got his life so together you can't picture him with Jillian. Not because she's older, but because she's a hot mess. This book really missed the mark.
I really liked book 1 but this one not so much I liked how it started after the it was all over the place it was hard to keep up if she was dreaming or these things were happening and the end really sucked.
A heavy-handed, bite-sized piece of climate change/xenophobia speculative fiction with a narrator who isn't interesting enough to be either likeable or unlikable. Nothing and no one feels fleshed-out enough: characters dropped like flies, and I just didn't care.
Did not meet my expectations
How can anyone write so many words and say nothing? It was an interesting concept of two families living in the same house more than a hundred years apart, but there should have been a better connection.
Subject matter was OK, but boring and a terrible read!
Not at all a master chief story like we've come to expect.
Somehow it appears I read this to the end. However, I read the first page and knew I don't care for the vocabulary and stopped reading immediately.. I stopped at the very beginning. If you are sensitive to vulgarity avoid this book.
Like so many others, I fell for the first Murderbot book and gleefully awaited the series' return. What a disappointment. This novella reads like a mere chapter in a longer book. The plot is paper-thin, the characters cardboard cutouts, and the writing is serviceable at best. At worst, the prose is hugely repetitive and bland. I paid $10 for the Kindle edition of the book and it took me less than two hours to read it. And now the publisher wants me to pay another $20 for the next two installments. I can abide by reading a poorly written book (it's not even a book, really, but a short story) but I hate getting ripped off.
I tried to read all of this book but only parts of it was down loaded. Every time I got into it , it was skipping pages. It said down loading but didn't. Skipped pages.
It was very slow moving & I quit reading about halfway through.
The basic storyline was interesting, which is the only reason I finished the book. However, it was so bogged down with politics that the story got lost. Some political info is necessary for the plot, but this book goes into so much detail that I almost didn't care what happened to anyone. If I wanted a political history lesson, I would have read a textbook. In order to get through the book, I had to skim through the boring politics. This should have been a short story instead of a torturous novel. Also, if you're offended by the frequent use of profanity, especially the F-word, then you might want to skip this one. Actually, I would recommend skipping this book unless you like historical political books.
I want the rule book not a business plan. Glad I paid as little as I did. Better books are out there.
Kind of slow reading with a mediocre plot. Really didn't enjoy the book that much
What happened in the first half of this book??? I typically jump on these Dev Haskell books as soon as they come out because they're just an easy and light read. I almost quit this one because the first half kept saying the exact same things over and over again and it seemed like they were just trying to fill pages. FINALLY the story began to move along and it read more like the other Mike Faricy books, but definitely the first half of this one could have been written by someone completely different and I wouldn't be surprised.
I will give myself another chance to read the next one. No more to add. I felt that all the descriptions were overly done.
Very shallow character development. Could not get a feel for the time period and the reactions of those in that period to the time travelers didn't seem at all plausible. Not even close to anything in the Outlander series. Interesting premise, but poor execution.
Very boring .I can't believe she is so worried about the kids after all they have been with her all those years
I was disappointed with this read. There wasn't a character that was particularly likeable, the activism sprinkled throughout felt contrived to make it relevant and I really found it hard to root for anyone in the book. I've read other books from this author that I enjoyed, would not recommend this one.
I usually love Grisham's stories. This one kind of left me cold. I confess that I am not interested in a killer who is deservedly on death row demanding money from his family to pay for a non-existent try for a stay. The ultimate con that brought him to his execution duly served!!
This story started good. It looked like it would be an exciting story. Unfortunately, it got boring. I'm a third of the way into it and I thank myself for having a fast forward button on my kindle. If this story doesn't pick up real soon, I'll just delete it and go on to my next book.
I might have enjoyed reading this book but listening to it was torture. It was akin to listening to an 80s style valley girl meets special ed angsty teen. The cadence slow, the modulation odd, the inflection incongruous. I suggest reading it not listening to it. Probably wont do No 2.
Her story never really progresses, a tedious read. One of the more boring junkie to sober stories I have read, not at all insightful...or even that entertaining. She comes off pretty pleased with herself despite saying otherwise. Don't bother, waste of money.
I read a lot of rock/celeb memoirs and ex wife memoirs, they're my guilty pleasure and I love them. Now, I understand she didn't want to write a tell all. But there's nothing here. Nothing. She must have turned in about four pages to her ghostwriter. Lots of, "I'm so nice, so and so is so nice, that one girl isn't nice." And the exclamation points! So many! She lived with an addict for that long, and I couldn't even tell you what Danny's drug of choice was. Lots of missed opportunities here. Honestly, I've never said this in a review before- but don't bother.
Not sure what the point of the book was. Learned almost nothing that I didn't know about the Donner party. The characters were truly ridiculous. The storytelling which started out ok, just became boring almost to the point of being tedious. The ending was just as dull and anti-climactic. I bought this based on Stephen King's review. His books are better than his reviews are.
I read this book for my book club and would not have chosen it otherwise. It was a fast and easy read. Kind of simple and not much depth.
I feel like I missed something with this story. I know many people who loved this book but it felt a bit forced and over the top to me. Rather than making the character seem grounded, the author made her seem clueless in an inexcusable way. The story itself was relatable but the character irritated me.
I really couldn't get in to the characters in this book, also found it a little boring and I finally skipped to the last few chapters of the book because that's how bored I was. I have read all Laurens books and I found this one disappointing.
I've described this as reading a Lifetime movie. It's a wild ride that comes to an abrupt end in the last few pages.
I am a huge fan of Helen Hardt. However, this book was very slow paced and not up to her usual creativeness.
I was disappointed. It was their back stories and not a romance at all.
I thought the quality of the writing was really bad. I cannot believe this is the same author who wrote One Day in December.
OK, I have to admit I didn't finish this book. Just couldn't get into it. The storyline started great but it just dragged to the point of get on with it. I had to give poor reviews but for me this just wasn't a good story.
Sorry.. I really , really wanted to like this, but I just couldn't like it. It's too short, with really no story line. I can't understand how a naive girl who has been on her own will give in to this man. Yes, she wants her fairytale, but not the way this is portrayed.
Why do the characters speak as if they live in the 21st century when the book is set in the 12th century? That ruins the entire story for me. The plot isn't bad at all. In fact, it was rather creative and has some very interesting twists and turns. The historical setting is interesting. But the moment one of the characters opens their mouths it's all for nothing as the phrases and words are too modern. I doubt I would recommend this to a friend. So I won't pass on a recommendation here. A good story ruined by words!
I really wanted to like this book. It started out good but it seemed to be all over the place and I could not stand the main character. It was drawn out to the point that I just lost interest
Not impressed. Full of typos, repetition and fluff. He could have written this book in 50 pages or less.
Not for me. Writing and story were slow and predictable.
I obtained this free e-book from Amazon and I am voluntarily writing a review. I did not like either one of the main characters in this book due to their immaturity, temper tantrums , insecurities, and manipulative behaviors which made this book way too long.
This book is interesting, but the author is badly in need of a proof reader. Spelling is terrible, and the book would be lucky to get a D from a high school English teacher.
I usually read cozy mysteries in a day but this one took me longer than usual. The book was boring and full of cliche. I firmly believe that the detective of murder mysteries can either make you love the series or hate it. I particularly did not like Charlie Cooper (and maybe that's why I couldn't get myself to read the book) - I guess she was lucky and was able to solve it. The other two - Marge and Celeste are likeable. The most fun to read was Charlie's dad.
My thoughts on this book are all over the place. I found it motivational with some interesting concepts, but very difficult to read and stay focused. The format of using extra space between each paragraph (with many consisting of a single sentence) makes it seem the author was just trying to give the appearance of a longer book. I really dislike that elementary style as my eyes are constantly having to jump to the next thing. Pages that have so little text have to be turned quickly, causing frustration and distraction. I did finish it, but only because it was so short. The book could use an editor for grammar, plus the language and innuendo throughout are pretty crude. Maybe I should have guessed that considering the title, but thought it was just supposed to sound empowering. I don't understand why anyone would purposely offend a segment of their readers by continually using such cheap vocabulary, unless the target audience is vary narrow. Thesaurus.com is free to use; I recommend it highly. Overall it does provide good tips on how to achieve personal success, and has some entertaining anecdotes. I wish I could give it a higher rating for that, but making people want to read what you have to say is the bigger battle. I have no desire to read anything else by this author.
Some amusing moments (and even a "laugh out loud" or two), but overall, not much to it. Didn't appreciate the increase in bad language as the book progressed.
The story was pretty good, but predictable. My problem was it was only 10 PAGES LONG!!! What a rip-off!
The writing style is good, excellent pace, I liked the basic story and the dilemma they were facing, his to lose it all for love and hers to take the risk he wants her for her money and not for love. The problem was that the story was not believable, it couldn't happened like this. Lizzie didn't act like a strong woman and she didn't act like she is living in Regency Times . Hugo was disappointing, treating her the way he did is not acceptable and demonstrates lack of character. Towards the end when she told him what she think of him I couldn't agree with her more so the grand gesture he did at the end was there so we can have our happy ending but it wasn't something I saw coming and it felt forced. Their main connection was physical and a lot of the story revolved around that.
I wanted so much to enjoy this book and the mystery behind the plot but rather it focused so much on anxiety that it lost me until the last few chapters. It is a difficult read for those who face the same struggles but perhaps that's the whole point? I'm starting to rethink my views and rating on this as I type. I guess I'll be thinking about this for a while...
I love JEM; I want to be clear about that. I think she's an excellent writer and her books have always intrigued me, especially this series. I like her efforts to not make this a POV book; I really cannot stand POV books because you're just wasting your money on something you already have read. However, the storyline was kind of deja vu, pond intended. Like can we get a new antagonist? I feel this story could have been great but adding the same conflict from previous books of the series into the mix was a complete letdown. I am deeply disappointed. Honestly, I think the reviews on this book is based on her popularity and not this book.
The plot was good enough to keep me reading despite the poor writing. Though the spelling and grammar is pretty good, this book needs a lot of editing. It's repetitive and often contradictory. It's supposed to be a realistic story, but people control their heart rate, and an addition that was built onto a house 3 years ago has a basement that juts out from the rest of the building. You can't tell me no one noticed her digging that. I knew who the kidnapper was by about 40% on, and even though the author tried to lay a false trail, I was right. Bottom line: this could be a good book with a lot of editing.
Poor plot line. Too much jumping around.
I really thought I would enjoy this book and really wanted to,, unfortunately it didn't hold my interest and was written as well as other books like this. I have the utmost respect for the author and other men who fought in World War II, but the author tried to be to flowery and poetic in his descriptions and it took away from the flow of the book. That along with the fact he doesn't name a single person he served with, just gives them cheesy nicknames made it very hard for me to enjoy his story. There are better books to read about these battles.
Wasn't a fan of the abrupt ending. Was clear they are together, but could be so much more to their story. A few glitches in proofreading, overall quality of writing was good and no cheating.
I expected more it to have more action then it did.
Alma deserves a lot better than this wooden account.
This was disappointing with the pressure to buy into additional material - took away the genuine message like so so many other spiritual insights for sale these days - thank goodness some genuineness exists today for humanities gain and not the author - just not here - stick with your own relationship with God or higher power = at least that is not for profit
I almost never leave reviews, but I hope this review helps the author develop. This book has such "effing" potential but really fell flat. Effing or Eff was so overused, and the F word in front of a 4 year old, really? Finally 88% of the way thru, something happened besides sex and fighting. I did not care for the way this book was written, most of it was summed up after it happened making the story telling seem juvenile and the dialogue between characters was stagnant. If the author created some mystery and suspense in the first 88% of the book, this could have been awesome.
not sure why but the first page of EVERY chapter does not show up on my kindle fire. First time I ever had a problem with a downloaded book.
Jack Ryan Jr's go-it-alone story here, without the rich characters of his Campus cohort, rings empty. Hope next one is better.
This is your typical good vs evil book. A god and nobility thriving as the slaves suffer and finally rise up. I wasn't enjoying the novel like i would have hoped.
While it had some dirt to dish, nothing you haven't already heard on TV or read on Twitter. But it is simply not well written. It reads like a personal testimony from Omarosa about how exceptional she is. She also changes voice throughout the book. The first part talks about how awful the Trump administration is. The middle recounts her years being a Trump groupie, filled with accolades about Trump. The last part reverts to how really, really awful Trump is. And somehow in the midst of all that she buries a fiancé, goes to seminary, becomes a pastor, and meets and marries a Jacksonville church pastor and co-pastors his church. It's hard to tell which is the real Omarosa if, indeed, such a person exists. I suspect she has created a television personality and now is having a hard time separating her real self from reality show Omarosa. She and Trump are two of a kind.
The summary is extremely misleading. Maybe 5% of this book involved actual 'world forging'. The entire first half is pretty much the main character fighting ants. The latter half is pretty much a cheesy fantasy romp. Overall the story was so-so, not really my cup of tea, but maybe someone else's. It gets two stars because you're led to believe you're buying a novel about building an entire world from the ground up and what you get is middling lit-rpg with a standard helping of tedious harem.
The cover and description really grabbed my attention. I made it a ways in, and just couldn't finish. No real attachment to the characters and there seemed to more confusion than anything else. It just could not keep my interest to find out they whys. To avoid spoilers for others, I won't elaborate. Too bad I can't return it.
Too wordy, terrible representation of eating disorders. As if a buttered grilled cheese will stop you from having food disorders in one sitting. You just don't care about these characters. Couldn't wait for it to be over. Actually, I didn't.
I thoroughly loved The Things You Cannot Say so I was eagerly looking forward to this book but I was tremendously disappointed. I know the topic of addiction is a timely one and a serious one but I could not engage with any of the characters---even Sam. Annie made terrible choices and Lexi was,an enabler. It seemed that every page described another outburst of tears. The baby Daisy was the only one I felt sympathy for. It was,so depressing that I nearly put the book down but decided to finish it to see if there was,any redeeming value and there was. The last 15 pages were excellent.
Boring. She's almost 30 and her bf of 8 years wants to take a break and she hasn't spoken to him in weeks and she doesn't know he's not into her??? Really slow and boring. I returned it.
I didn't care for this book at all. The beginning was interesting, the middle was good when he brought in Holly Gibney from the Mr. Mercedes trilogy but that is about it.
Amazon messed up. I didn't order this and didn't receive it.
More detail than I wanted
I was absolutely engrossed in the first two, this one, I couldn't,stay engaged. It became very repetitive, lacked the action one expects from Don Winslow and I was tremendously disappointed that he could not stay away from the politics. The cartels came into power long before Trump and yet it seems that all of this is now laid at his door when he is trying to fix the problem. It is a shame that this wonderful trilogy added up like this.
Don't bother reading this book. If you have followed the news over the last year you've pretty much learned much of what it has to say. The book becomes much less fly on the wall after February 2017, when I think Wolff lost access to the White House. The big revelation is that Trump probably never really wanted to be President and that we should be thanking God that Bannon's downfall has begun. But this is not going to be the book of the Trump administration. Go read something beautiful.
Did this book have an editor? A proof reader would've been even better. Even Microsoft Word will help with grammar. Too much time spent trying to develop the characters before any story began.
To compare this to a Hitchcock thriller is beyond the pale. This may be a good read for young adults, but for mature adults it's plain silly. There is no nuance or subtlety in the plot. The author lists the criteria for a psychopathic personality and then throws in a plot to capture each factor, including the classic torture of animals when the subject is a child. This is just not my cup of tea.
There are very few typos or misspelled words, and the grammatical errors don't detract from comprehension. For that alone I'd give it two stars. But the content itself left a lot to be desired. This read more like the wish fulfillment stories I wrote in middle school than an adult romance novel. There are no real conflicts, no problems to solve, no separation between our happy couple, no kidnappings or mysteries or crimes or anything. Basically the hero finds our heroine hiding from some bad guys after she witnessed a crime, he instantly recognizes her as his soulmate, his family embraces her, and....that's it. If you like that sort of book, this is a great book for you. I prefer a little more meat in the sandwich.
I never got beyond the 2nd chapter
What the heck? The story took a ridiculously hard turn and I deleted the book.
Not a lot of substance and took about 2 hours to read, very short.
I'll not finish the book since it just keeps going on and on... a little too many details, too complicated personalities and, in general, just too much of everything.
This was my first attempt at this series and very likely my last. Had the writing style not been occasionally entertaining, I would have given it one star. Murder mysteries are best when the reader is given all the necessary information to solve the crime. Such was not the case here. Added that the characters were flat, not developed, uninteresting and inserted for no reason, you end up with a jumbled mess of a book. Obviously enough people disagree with me to make these bestsellers. So be it. I prefer to stick with Ms. James and Ms. Grimes.
I don't think this is a true story, although I did when I started reading the Kindle version. The story calls into play deliberate suspension of disbelief, and by the end, I was convinced it was made up out of whole cloth.
Too many characters and not as riveting as I was lead to believe in the reviews. Would not highly recommend
For some reason every encounter or lack of encounter is decided by dice we can't see. Instead of the characters being observant or not, we have them rolling a 1 on a perception check. The main character, who knows the world having designed it never clues in his supposed friends when he sees a path that would benefit the group. I got 1/2 way through the book and stopped. I want conflict resolved by prior training, hard work and willpower, not the magical dice.
A bit of fluff. Easy read
Most of the stories are sub-par. Just not great writing. I guess you get what you pay for -- what was it? 350 stories for a dollar? Oh well.
It was not really funny. There were some attempts at comedy but it really was not funny. The stories were not well put together. Meaning, they didn't have a clearly defined genre...was it funny or drama. They felt flat in the middle. Not really humorous as claimed.
Is what I literally said when I finished the book. No marriage proposal? No meeting of the families? No epilogue? It just ended. It was like bad sex; over to soon. I was unsatisfied with the ending of this book because it seemed incomplete.
Weakest entry in the series. Illogical plot and no supernatural sidebars. The villain(s) are not interesting. A complete boring story.
I have read a few of her books and this was not her best. Expected so much more from this author.
For me, the flashbacks, although helpful in understanding the current situation, stopped the overall flow of the story. Also, thought the story line got more and more preposterous and too many gaps and jumps to make sense of it all.
Very superficial summary of Einstein's life. No real insight into the man, and what drove him.
Outstanding characters, attention grabbing plot BUT the detailed descriptions are distracting and made this book hard to read. The opening rape fantasy is also a huge no-no as well.
Although I found the plot compelling - I struggled to finish this book. Maybe I'm simply not deep enough to read this author.
It was well written, but I felt the author tried too hard to use biblical names to create her story of Christ. Even though I'm not a Christian, I found it offensive. Using other names and not trying to match biblical story would have made a great read.
Language and sex, not really enjoyable.
I guess I didn't get much out of this. I didn't read the first book beforehand, and the story is one of those where you really should read the books in order, so that you can pick up the second book and already know who the characters are. I felt lost and like I was continually struggling to catch up with people and past events I had no understanding of. My fault. Be ware: this isn't a stand alone story.
Slow, unrealistic and I had trouble forcing myself to read until the end.
I suppose any story about war is going to be sad, but i didn't think it needed to be this sad. Made me feel depressed. I do not recommend it.
OK, but nothing special.
Disappointed... Started excellent then became trite ...expected more
It was too slow to actually get into
Stupid, stupid, stupid. Oh wait, what I meant to say was stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid! It's really too bad. The author tells a pretty good story but the premise is so lame i could only get 35% of the way through the book. I'm so tired of the hero being the biggest & baddest dude on the planet that has the ability to correct any issue with ease. And the thought that POTUS would use a rented private yacht for his vacation is absurd. Oh yeah, once the trip is set and the individual's are briefed that it's a top secret mission, they discuss it in a bar around other people. The author simply doesn't understand how top secret information is treated by those that hold a clearance.
So funny I laughed my butt of It the beast of books include the ability to create the most popular stories of the year
Boring and repetitive. Own all the other books in this series. Liked all of them but this one lacks.
Dumb and violent. Not sure what the appeal is with this one. Too much internal dialogue. If you like reading about abused women, I guess ...seek counseling.
This book had 4 main stories and several shorter ones at the end. They are not particularly well written but were for the most part entertaining enough. There are lots of errors especially in the last story. At least they 're clean.
It's not original content and not what I imagined. The author admits in the beginning that it's packed with excerpts from Quirk's titles and content from expert bloggers. So I give one extra star for admitting that but I hoped for a truly geeky compilation, not a bad case of comedy.
Far too detailed book about miserable nation.
There was something missing in this volume that the other volumes had. Reading at times were tedious, and the plot felt rushed in places. I don't know if this is the final volume, but if it's not I hope the next book finds what book one and two had.
Slow reading. Not much depth!
Well, I wanted to like this book and I tried hard. Almost put it down a couple times. It's got a good dose of fantasy that I didn't enjoy. The story jumps around a lot and is difficult to follow. Reread several chapters trying to figure out what was going on. Character names were confusing. My apology but not my cup of tea.
The basic story was good, but the author rambled so much that it was hard to follow. I would have stopped reading early on, but I am determined to always finished a book once I start it.
Looking for love may led to healing
It was very mild/vanilla
Funny, not like funny haha but funny. No actually it's mostly funny haha. I received a free copy and this is my voluntary review.
Sometimes repetitive and a bit too earnest. Really wanted it to end earlier. Enjoyed learning about ancient sites in the U.S. and potential reasons for their placement.
Lucy and her mother, Wanda moved from Tupelo to New Orleans for a new start. Wanda got a job as a hairdresser (Lucy helped out in the salon) that came with an apartment above the salon... This was a short, fast, "okay" read. There was nothing here that makes me want to continue with the series. I was not that interested in the storyline or the characters. Just not my style, I guess... Kindle Unlimited Member
Short story collection from various authors. Needed a bit more editing. A nice book with some quick reads for the busy holiday season.
This is fun for family's and children but not as good as I would have hoped when I downloaded it.
nice writing but characters are some of the dumbest people alive ie: unbelievable, not plausible, outcome predictable.
There were errors in the writing. Some of the dialogue was confusing, the way the characters spoke to each other ( maybe that was intentional) but it did I not add anything to the story. I have read books by this author before, this one was a little confusing all around. They story overall was ok. There have been better.
Think this book had potential to be really good if there had been further development of the characters and story line.
okay story, but not really grabbing me. Read it and another book at the same time and I have never done that before.
This might be suited well for four year olds. The words were a little hard to read due to font/page colors.
Not normally a hard-core sci-fi reader, but the book description and reviews caught my attention. Initially, I had doubts about the non-human narrative, but that actually became more interesting over the course of the next 200 pages. The idea of the story covering millennia was also cool...until it wasn't. The story begins to lag badly about 60% in, and the human characters seem to be living variations of the same scenario without really adapting or learning from their previous mistakes. Maybe there's a point there, but it eventually got tiresome. If edited down by a third, I think I could have enjoyed this more, but by the last part, I just wanted it to end, with no feelings of investment for how that happened.
The book was not what I thought it would be.
This book is a good read. Interesting characters. Enjoyed the twist and turns that it gave the reader.
An OK series, I read the first book and had a hard time getting into the next in the series.
I've read all of John Green's books. This one was a bit of a departure from the casual teenage adventures he wrote before. This book was an internal adventure for a very real mental illness. I'm sorry to say I was somewhat disappointed and eager for the book to end. As a fan of Mr. Green, I'll keep reading his books but this one is not my favorite.
This was a good story but seemed to drag on and on. They are a couple of my favorite characters but the book was probably 50 pages too long
I loved the first part of living with the Indians .I didn't, like last part ,he left his son too long .
This series is threatening to be as silly as the Reality TV one, so I stop here. If there is one more in the Target Practice series, I may come back.
Again interesting enough to get the 3rd book
I was disappointed in how the book ended. She could have expanded more on the storyline of Celine dealing with her cancer and her relationship ending with her husband. It's not one of her better published works.
This is okay. I kind of like this story. Hunter isn't exactly like what I would think a military man would be like (in his bodyguard business). He isn't alpha enough I guess is what I am saying. As for Gib he is just a little to gullible and naive to me. He needs to grow a pair.
The story idea was good and so is the author's writing style, but for me there were too many things that didn't add up. Riley is supposed to be excellent as a profiler, but I didn't really view her insights as extraordinary. In fact, sometimes she's rather dim-witted, as evidenced by one of the later scenes in the book with the female patient. Most of the action seemed to be a frantic race from one place to another, where the minor characters ended up doing more of the rescuing or discoveries than the main characters. I didn't feel a lot of investment in the romance between Riley and Thayne either. Maybe it's because the reader doesn't get to see their attraction for each other from the beginning of their relationship.
These are cute story that cannot be published today because of stereotypes. This a shame because all stories should be taken in the context of the times they are written. Which is why very few people have actually read Mark Twain.
Hard keeping up with the characters
I do get really tired of reading what everyone had for breakfast every day, and every time a horse gets groomed.
Ok but nothing to get existed about.
Well I should have read the reviews before reading, this is just a tease of what's to come. Definitely has me ready to read the actual book, I can't wait.
I was entertained but also frequently annoyed by the main character, her love interest, her best friend and the direction of the story.
Hard to review this one. At times it kept me wanting to turn the next page. And other times I was trying to decide whether to finish it or not. There were some decent twists, but often times the plot and characters were too over the top and too unbelievable. All in all I would rate it average.
This.... It was just too fluffy and fantastical that I feel the only reason why cancer is mentioned is to differentiate it from other very similar novels and that just felt wrong.
Without giving away the story, I didn't Henderson for some of the book. It was funny and romantic, but the other part, about being invisible I didn't get.
Too much repetition and pointless conversations. Interesting journey and some interesting side characters. The differences between the 3 Musketeers are perhaps too subtle.
Not bad, until the end. How is it that the hero's daughter, after going through her own mother's death, and the subsequent trauma with her dad... but wait... it gets better... then, at the end of the book being kidnapped and witnessing two people murdered, along with having to save her dad from drowning after he'd been shot... doesn't show any signs of trauma. Yep. Pretty dramatic ending. But, it's all good because they're all going to run in a 10k.
Cold Pursuit is book 2 of the Cold Justice Series. I was a bit disappointed in book 2 of this series. The plot comes right out of the headlines but it didn't seem as good as book 1. Vivi is the mother of a son who doesn't speak. They are at a mall when a terrorist attack happens. She is helped to escape by Jed (an FBI agent) and he takes on the responsibility of their safety. The terrorists target the boy as they think he heard or saw something while hiding in a cupboard. There are lots of twists to keep the suspense going. I gave it only three stars as I didn't feel the romance. I do recommend the series.
Ty's story intrigues me more than the sneak peak they showed of Wade's last time. Not enough for me to pick it up or pay for it, but enough that I wouldn't curl my nose up If it gets offered for free. I still think the title of this one should have been nothing but trouble or the Mafia Princess. The right dress is a red herring because Nina doesn't dress sexy. She only wears one tight dress.
This book was chosen by my book club. It was OK, not outstanding.
Ryan's escapes are implausible. Would like a little more creativity. I mean, you know the hero is going to survive but Rayan is just a little too lucky.
Recipes may work for some but too many were packed with heavy cream and cheese. As this is not the way my family eats I returned.
I kept reading because I thought something surprising was going to happen. The family connections that we learned about never really wowed me. It was an interesting story-but not so compelling.
3.5 STARS I enjoyed most of this book and look forward to the rest of the story in the next book. I love how Kennedy Ryan does her research and always highlights issues. I just got a little bored toward the end. Maybe it's something about it being a duet and filling up space. I'm looking forward to the sequel.
I enjoyed this history, even though I suspect it skated close to fiction at times. There was a little too much authorial opinion colouring the text.
Another okay book. Fairly decent, better than some other cozy mysteries I have read, but nothing special
Just did not hold my interest the way many books do. Since this was a free book, it was worth what I paid for it.
This is more the first part of a book, establishing characters and motivations but lacking real substance. Clean prose (no major spelling or grammar errors) and well written dialogue. Depressing, since it only establishes the main character's situation. It's not bad, it's just not good. I will not be following this series. I prefer my novels to contain a full story. Even a novella should have more story than this did.
Too much relationship chatter for me. The old Anita would never have been so public about her kissing either. Not enough action.
When do you say an MMA fighter you think aggressive outgoing and it started off real strong and then he turned into a wimp it was okay I haven't really read this all there before but I'm willing to give it another go good points to the story interesting I just don't think you should have made him such a wimp
This book is the same as the only other book I have read from this author....the makings of a really great book with interesting characters who get shafted in the telling of the story. It could have been so good. Instead its just meh.
This was a typical Lusty Texas story, nothing great, a cute MFM no major drama or suspense...a bit high priced for this story but if you enjoy the series.....
For those of you who don't like cliffhangers you might want to wait until March 2020 to read these. Certainly I would have. Other than that, I enjoyed this, but would have preferred to wait for a complete story, rather than half the novel.
Disliked the continues reference to her strange personality, did not fully explain why the villain wanted to punish Genevieve.
The books are well written and the storyline moves along at a good clip. The three books are very short and should have been one novel.
Fair read ing could have been better. Wishy easy leading man. Barely could do ANything. Couldn't control switching from one story to the other
There were a couple of mistakes in the story line. I almost stopped reading because right in the beginning it did not make sense to me that a character had a gun and was holding it to his head and then nothing happened about his apparent attempted suicide. Later, a phone apparently woke someone up, but then in the same paragraph the phone was dead. So I think it was supposed to say that maybe the phone dropped on the floor and woke the person up? But putting that aside, it was a very good original story. I like the main character and it was fast-moving and interesting. The only other thing that made me leave a star off, is that it was rather short and didn't really have an ending, you have to read the second book to find out what happens. I do recommend this, if you're willing to grab the second book too.
First, three stars is only for this book. The series is so unique, dark, twisted and all things depraved. Ten stars at minimum. But though this was all those things it lacked the heart of the previous books. And I guess the editor was on leave. This author will always be favorite and a given one click. Still, this was a bit of a disappointing end to such a one of kind, like no other work. So, meh.
This is the second book in this series but unfortunately, again, the Amazon blurb does not indicate that this IS NOT the last book in the story of Avery and Gabriel. But it is a “stand-alone” book- NOT!
Purchased for the price of a full story but only received 1/4 of a story... Great introduction, but no meat or satisfaction.
I'm assuming if you're reading the review for this, you've already read the other books- so this will have spoilers for the series overall, but not overly specific things to this book. People say this book ended poorly. Let me remind you, Atticus was KIND OF a shitty person the entire time and did terrible things, and made terrible decisions. People don't like this book because the main character doesn't get a happy ending. How about- sometimes you don't get a happy ending. Sometimes you get what you deserve. That being said- some of the plot is a little 'meh' in this book. Owen is by far the best character of the whole thing, and part of his story includes the best like that Kevin Hearne ever wrote- so be on the lookout for that. You'll know it when you hear/see it. Would have gotten 4 stars, but Oberon in the few scenes he is in is kind of annoying this time around as opposed to being cute. Normally I like his bits, but I just wasn't feeling it this time. For an ending to a series- if you don't need your perfect protagonist (despite him being far from perfect) to remain one, it's pretty good. I was satisfied.
I thought it was pretty good, but I am just so excited for Nate and Becca it just felt like filler and teasing.
It was tough to get into this novel.
Not as fast paced as I thought
A series of short essays by various authors, some pretty good, some pretty mediocre .
Supernatural. Vampire. Dark Romance. College girl gets kidnapped by blood thirsty vampires. Hot sexy time scenes. No rape. Some jealousy ( it all works out). Recommend for that hot quick read.
This book could have been summed up in two chapters. I mean, I was bored and needed something to read but not the same thing over and over and over again.
This book is not a how to, it is more of a memoir. It was well written and there were several good ideas I highlighted and will return to. It is motivating and I am interested in being more mindful of my spending and taking the challenge to change my own habits.
If you like Tony Hillerman and are invested in his characters, you will enjoy this book. However, this series has gotten a bit long to me. The plot is weaker than in earlier novels. There is less Indian lore. Also, there is a rush at the end to the up loose ends that seemed almost artificial.
A good glimpse into the roots of rock and roll, and the excesses of the culture. Rock n' rollers are egotistical by nature, but in spite of that, it's still an interesting read. I look forward to Stephen Stills' autobiography to get another perspective.
"You thought about three things at once, and in full detail. Are you sure you're a kid?" "She's really smart for a kid her age, and her ability to analyze information defies belief." I feel like the author was never thirteen years old; he seems to think that anyone under eighteen should be incapable of thinking things through. The author uses his position that children are idiots to justify constant reminders that our not completely idiotic main character is a genius. It's very irritation, but just like the first book, despite the irrational people and the terrible justifications for our main character's strength, I mostly enjoyed the book. I hope there's a time skip soon, so the author can stop feeling the need to remind us of how abnormally smart our protagonist is for a child.
Donahue and Sally has had it a bit rough in life. Both has experience quite a bit of trauma which they are trying real hard to overcome while at the same time trying to live life and keep their head up.
An entertaining series
Heaps of typos and muck ups with names and places. I screen shot the mistakes but don't know who to send them to? I pay for these and think it's stink there's so many mistakes
I liked the story line. I didn't like reading the same information over and over. Also I didn't like the ending.
Sweet small town romance. Pretty much what you expect, meddling family, friends and neighbors. Introduction of other characters then a HEA
I really liked Noah, but Veronica was so wishy washy I'm surprised she didn't give him whiplash. I get what the author was trying to do, but some of it could have been cut out.
This book dragged in a few places. Not as an exciting pace as other books. I put this one down several times.
A long winded story that took forever to come to fruition. The characters held promise which did not really materialize.
This is a good story, well written, quick read. It's just darker than I was expecting, having read other books by this author. This series appears to be a bit grittier. Still, well done, as I said! I'm not sure if I'll read the other books in the series, but will still check out other series as I like the writing style & non-dark story lines! : )
Loved the book, but there were many errors in the book. Looks like the editor didn't do a good job of finding & correcting them. Still a wonderfully written story! Hope the next book won't have mistakes too.
This was an interesting, quick read with lots of details about FBI procedures. It's an entertaining read you might enjoy it.
I didn't understand how the title related to the book...The ending left me a little flat.
Proofreading this book would have made the story flow better. Lack of common sense details, that could either be attributed to a lack of knowledge or proofreading were present throughout the book.
was pretty good but her later books were better.
Needed more work to transition from short story to novella status. I do find myself wanting know what happens next.
But the way it ended left me hanging too much! I guess you really have to read all three books in the series to get the full story, I don't know. It was abrupt and just left me rather confused. I did enjoy the characters. They become fairly well-developed through the book. For a lot of the book, I didn't want to put it down — I got very involved in the different storylines. There are a few inconsistencies (Jamie talks about being married a month, but Douglas says his cat will be mad because he's been gone 3 weeks....should be more like almost 5 weeks).
She could have finish in two books! Nothing much really happens on this one. I'm finishing the series and I hope the third book is as good as the first.
The concept is fantastic, but by the end of the book I was just plowing through it to finish it, not because I was interested in the story any longer.
I purchased this book but It will not download to my kindle. It says it was successfully downloaded but it is not on my kindle I have downloaded others with no problem.
I gave this three stars because I simply did not like the story and quit reading it about half way through. I will not read anymore in this series. Just a matter of preference for other authors.
It was the usual fair and nothing spec. Stone is like the vanilla version of James Bond. Dissatisfied with the read as it's just the same old same old
I liked Shay and her independence. I was enthralled with her journey in finding herself. The Hunter clan was destroyed taking the alpha's mate now he has found a new mate. This was a intriguing mix of romance and violence. I liked it
I love this author and everything I've read by her. I hate to say it but this one was a miss for me. I didn't connect with the characters much. I liked the old world style and atmosphere. It had some great moments and some beautiful writing but it missed the mark for me. Will I continue to read this author.. absolutely!! Not every book is for every reader!
This book was a bit of a disappointment. It relies too much on Southern stereotypes and not enough on the local flavor of South Carolina's Low Country. The plot took a painfully long time to build up an then could not sustain the action. I was expecting more of a thriller but it came off more like a bad romantic comedy.
This is an okay short book, it did remind me to be confident in myself and stand my ground, but not all of the advice is for me. It may be for you, who knows?
Decent story but dragged on at times as the chapters were really long. Character development was really good as was the author's descriptions
I really liked the story alot. But also was a bit too short for me. But all in all I like the characters and the story and I will continue to read the rest of the series.
An entertaining, if not predictable book. The sum of the story: People do things that they regret but in the end everything works out fabulously... with the hot guy(s).
The book was just OK for me. The story was a bit of a stretch. The male character was not as rough and bad-ass as the author usually writes her characters. He was sweet and ahead of his age. It was just meh...
Enjoyed the book, good for light reading!
Good characters and a good story. Quite a bit more amorous than is to my interest. Some drama, and romance.
The author does a great job of showing you why you're a nice guy and why nice guys suck. He doesn't really offer a lot of great ways to deal with it. It will make you feel unhappy with yourself.
The book was not bad however the excerpt is not for this book. She is not a single mom, he is not her boss and she does not have twins...
This was a different kind of read for me but a good one none the less! It was nice to read of a different romantic culture
I have the complete set of the Cyborg Sizzle series. I use the lure of these stories as a reward for exercising 6 days a week. When one is available, I am diligent about making sure I get my minimum amount of daily exercise. In other words, I really enjoy these stories. The heroes are physically strong but emotionally starved half-organic/half-machine cyborgs who have escaped the tyranny of slavery. The heroines are take-no-cr*p strong in their specialties (i.e. engineering, genetics, piloting) and have no real fear of these emotionless (so they're told) war machines. I found Vapor's and Mira's story the least exciting of the Cyborg Sizzle series that I have read yet and I'm up to 12. I did like Mira's character, her actions, and her motivation much more than Vapor's. As pointed out, the Human Alliance is turning out to be really bad guys and their wickedness continues growing. I wish these books were longer, with more emotional pull of falling in love. There is an overabundance of sex... which is ok... but I tend to skim that and get to what I consider the meaty part of the couple falling in emotional love. Still, I'll keep buying and am practically drooling for the next in the series.
Need to know how to down load
I like the underlying world Becca Jameson has written about. I like it enough to want to read the next book in the series. What I didn't like was the out of place profanity. The characters were interesting. The hero wasn't overly predictable and the heroine was strong while still retaining her femininity. If you like spicy romance novels, shifters, and don't mind excessive profanity, then you would probably like this book.
The familial loyalty and love is the strength that nourishes us in this life journey. That we can be betrayed by friends and family member buy it is prudent that we so not judge them by their action but find the factors that placed them to act in such manner.
This is a good book for someone who is uninformed about basic nutrition. I did not find it helpful due to lack of new information.
Definitely a time/setting I am not familiar with, quick read. Some of it a bit over the top. Entertaining, o
Why end a book in the middle. I get you would want to split the book to make more money but please at least finish the scene. It is very annoying to many readers (I am one) if a book ends like this one has in the middle of a scene. You can leave cliff hangers to keep readers wanting to come back but this was not a cliff hanger this just stopped in the middle of a fight. Urgh...
I purchased this because of my love of these characters and the assassin's series... And the fact that the author is pretty awesome. I knew this book would be short, but it is way too short for the price. Otherwise, it's a good quick look into a true love that died too soon, and a good bridge to a new series.
Not a bad story just a lot of characters and does not leave enough to develop them before things happen and then keep happening.
Ok but definitely did not live up to hype. The characters were only marginally developed and the plot was too cutesy for my taste.
I expected more character development and a more complex plot. I found the book to be repetitive with too much time focused on the character's internal struggles and not enough on intrigue.
Love at first sight? Almost. This is a sweet Christmas story that touched the heart. It is very sad that people can be cruel and mean, but they can. I was touched by Martha's story and I'm glad that love saved the day.
Plots were fine - story was slowed by too many descriptive sentences.
The book reads more like a disfunctional family whose parents add to their distress until the family unit finds a common goal that brings everyone together to start over at a new/old place.
The book started out with interesting characters and a good plot, but it didn't grow or develop well. The end felt rushed and I didn't buy it at all. Disappointed as this book got good reviews - maybe it was found to be more interesting by readers who were either Catholic or went to a Catholic school?? I had to push myself to finish it.
Descent read and story.
Story line was cute but not written well enough for me to really get into. Some reactions seemed extreme and unrealistic. Needed work on character development.
Pretty basic love story, good guy saves the day, not a lot of action and just enough character building to keep readers into it. Story line jumps a lot so there isn't a lot that builds up the relationship to what it ends up being, could have been better but a good read for someone looking for a light romance.
I have read all the wonderful books in this family but I'm sad to say that this one was just good not great. What happened to dialogue between the couple - most of the relationship was in their thoughts not in what they said. What happened to bringing in the family members and the fun of their dialogue. What happened to make the heroine such a whiner - the constant I'm not good enough. Not to mention the contradictions on what's said in ome chapter such as the great mother that leaves her son alone overnight by himself while shes on a date. The Male characters had the alpha attitude these books are known for and that saves the book.
It was dragging in the beginning... But it peaked in the last chapters winning me over. Am anticipating for the next book...
Interesting storyline, characterization could have been better. Felt a bit more like a story that would appeal to younger readers.
Hate blind sided reads that leave you hanging with the “to be continued “ and no heads up on timeline!! Typos were off putting but storyline was interesting.
The sections related to shifters and the struggle between good and evil was great. I continued to read on because of that narrative. But the author frequently Shifted away to painfully elongated romance sections. They followed the same patterns and were at times rather ridiculous. The men involved were hard to believe and seemed feminine and emasculated in their approaches to love. There were also numerous typos. Would probably classify series only under female teen romance
I cannot recall enjoying a book more only to be disappointed and even dismayed at the inadequacy of the ending. It could have been so much better with the addition of two or three more sentences. But for the ending this would have been a five star review. Instead I am left with the cliche of "Really? Are you kidding me?"
A decent book. Spends a little too much time on minutiae.
It was a fairly interesting plot, the characterizations were fairly good, the solution was not obvious. I prefer less sex, but I realise that many people disagree so I don't mark it down for that. There were some loose ends that should have been tied up... But my big problem was... Snow is nearly killed for an object he is carrying and the very next day goes on the subway ... carrying the very same thing! Surprise, surprise. He is attacked again. This is his behaviour throughout the novel. There was some of this in previous novels, but it has reached a definite TSTL point.
I was disappointed to find out this book can't be viewed in landscape mode. While all the fancy animated pictures look nice it is not convenient to view in only one possible orientation, even after turning media off. I'm not sure about the reasoning behind this.
Somewhere along the line, I stopped caring. Not my cup of tea.
This novel to me was just okay.
Raising her daughters, helping with his daughters, and living with a troublesome will are all part of Selina's daily life. Henry is the other big part of it!
Sorry, Evan, this is not your best writing. The most intellectually stimulating parts are laughing at the typos. When reading this book I keep thinking that you could be continuing your stellar "into the black" series instead. You are the world's finest SciFi space opera writer and it was sooooo disheartening to slog through this Superhuman grunge that I just couldn't finish reading it. I quit after 60%.
I'm not into voodoo or zombies (much like David) and I read it and Stay Alive with tongue in cheek.
This isn't brutal Game of Thrones fantasy. You won't find a cutthroat hero who wants to rise to the top by any means possible. This is more like Disney fantasy. A world where uneducated teenagers talk like educated, seasoned adults and somehow rule the underworld of a large city. The hero is more like Robin Hood, where nobody is wronged and, even though is he is 13 years old, makes it all happen with almost superhuman powers despite only possessing mild magical powers. Hurricane is an enjoyable read, but it almost lends itself more to a young adult's comic book read than a serious fantasy novel.
Stormy is a Fae-witch hybrid with a curse. We have shifters, vampires, an escort service, a whole lot of history, and an attractive rock star.
No matter how much you read your baby will do something completely different than what this book says. lol its not the book its the baby
Not my favorite book
The storyline was just okay,it has the same characters,a man who has suffered a large loss in his personal life and is a former person of particular skills, a woman who comes into his life for good or bad reasons.What seems is new.
I really enjoyed the first 2 in this series, but the dragging on of this lying relationship between Ty and Cassidy is beginning to wear me out. Nobody is that stupid, especially not a SEAL. TELL THE MAN THE TRUTH, for goodness sake, and move on. Also the 1st 2 books talked about her friend that died. I'd like to see that mystery solved, but I can't handle this long drawn out story line, so I may never make it that far.
I got some good points as a novice to Alexa, but it was a quick skim to read. I think a lower price would be appropriate.
It would probably make a better movie than a read. Can't say exactly why I wasn't crazy about it. Characters are spot on. My favorite part? The dictionary at the back! Although, if you put the words into the reading, most are self explanatory.
This is a heartwarming story about friendship, family, and self-worth. I liked the characters and the relationships that developed between them. The pacing was a little slow for me in some places, and there were a few plot points that felt pretty contrived or unrealistic to me, but I don't think those things would bother the intended middle-grade audience. Overall, it was a good story and I enjoyed it.
The author certainly has an interesting way of conveying this harsh tale of survival and unconditional love. What's funny is that I've always thought my vocabulary and knowledge of words was at least a little above average until I completed this depressing journey of a harrowing yarn. If you are down and out reading this story it will probably make you either more depressed or feel blessed that you are not truly living this fictional horror. Because if these events ever came to fruition and you were not lucky enough to have a quick and painless death life would really really suck! I personally have more faith in mankind...but then again I guess one never truly knows the monster that man can become in a fight for self preservation. I saw the movie first and thought I would give the book a chance to delve deeper but it was nearly identical. So 3 out of 5. Depressing yet entertaining enough to keep me interested although it was becoming clearer and clearer the more that I read I was following the same path as the film.
I felt like this book had so many different stories that I had no idea what it was supposed to be about!! Definitely did not feel like it was what the blurb made it out to be. 3 stars is generous!
The subject matter was very timely about sexual abuse on a child. The author did a fair job in developing the characters. The interactions of the family and friends was the best part of the book.
I liked this book but agree with other reviewers that the story is somewhat contrived and the characters unbelievable. I found Lydia irritating as I have no patience with characters who are not forthcoming with their emotions and issues which is frustrating and can bog down the story line. She was the only survivor of a horrific murder as a child but refused to discuss it with anyone then broke up with her boyfriend because he knew about it, knew who she was, but refused to bring it up to her. I also agree with a reviewer who was very critical of the epilogue which was nothing short of cheesy (a ghost hunter show on a Spanish speaking cable channel discussing the murder at issue in the story). All of that being said, I love a good mystery with a lot of twists and I didn't have this one figured out until the very end. It also kept me up late into the night reading so it's not all bad.
I found the theme of an alien invasion consisting of the taking of every individual on the planet Earth by means of teleportation to be unrealistic. I read the entire novel and was left with a less than positive attitude toward it. I declined to read the rest of the books in the series.
I like the two different sides to the same story involving two different couples. The romance was quick but sure and there was a bit of humor in these stories.
So far good Have not finished it yet... Trying to figure out why my kindle won't let me... Hmmm... Hm
The premise of this series is interesting. The characterizations are good. The plotting has been fine. But, the storytelling is not so good. Too much repetitive, long conversations and descriptions. It is especially irritating making no sense in scenes where the hero POV is fighting the monster and he has a long description of how the monster is killing someone and then he starts or renews his attempt to kill it! I wasn't impressed with the first book, but because I had purchased a special priced three book set, I figured I might as well give the second one a chance. I'll not be wasting my time on the third book.
This story was interesting enough to keep me reading, but I didn't love it. The main character was nice, but I didn't relate to her or her choices much... however there would not have been a story if she made more honest choices. If you're looking for a quick easy read, I'd say go for it, but if you prefer something with more depth and character development, I'd say pass.
It's been a while since I've read a Grisham. And as always, he manages to bring courtroom drama to life. It's the story of a white man who leaves his fortune to his black housekeeper, cutting off his children and grandchildren; the perfect recipe for a lawsuit and a counter lawsuit. The book starts slowly but the twists and turns are fascinating. I didn't like the abrupt ending though.
Old school detective story but fun to read. His daughter came to our book club so that really ADDED big time! He was quite a man and an important author in his day!
Book was fine. It seemed more like a method for driving people to buy their other books as advice seemed more like a high-level overview of other materials.
A quick read no thought involved fairly interesting way to kill time when waiting is all your doing
Did I like it? No... Not really. The way everything played out, the characters, the climax, motivation, inner conflict, character development... It was all a little bleh. You can read it and it won't make you want to die, but it is hard to get through. It's hard to relate to the characters. I was skipping paragraphs at a time and not missing anything. I might read the next one... Maybe they get better? Probably not though....
I guess I'm not as romantic as I once thought I was, but at 82 yrs of age it's understandable.
This didn't really hold my attention. I found the characters to be flat, the plot to be disjointed, and the prose to be largely uninspired.
Good beach read. Fast paced. Should have and could have been better.
I thought the Book moved too slow. A lot of somewhat interesting characters. Switching between the boy when he was younger and later in life, it was hard to remember where you were in his life. I've read other books like this but the back and forth was much easier to follow in those books. Very disappointing!
3/5 this book lacks structure, world building and a real plot. It's starts real slow and nothing really happens until you are 70% in. Definitely over hyped and doesn't live up to it. Much room for improvement on book 2.
Hard to follow from beginning to end
Character were good storyline held interest
With little in common, old friends are unstoppable forces to be reckoned with.
You wont find something extraordinary, but it's easily understood, basic but complete. It's a good start if you know that you should start doing real marketing, but don't know how to get there.
I really liked the story but for a little bored with the narrative style. (The phrase "Yours truly" got old!) It was an entertaining take on the sagas, and I think the author really nailed the Gods from Loki's perspective.
It is a silly book, but if you are in a silly mood you might enjoy it.
The book had some pretty unusual characters. It definately read like a series as it left you hanging in the end.
An interesting story that suffers somewhat from the writer's prose. Continues from where the anime left off.
Quick read albeit predictable but I went into it know that ....needed a break from some of the heavier stories I have read lately. Did not dislike the book but if I know how it is going to end pretty much when it starts, it's not much of a journey. Books that stay with me are my 5 star hits!
Good book. Dragged a little bit
Not for everyone. This tale skips around so much that trying to keep track of where you are, who you are hearing from takes a while, at the same time trying to piece together a cogent story. Very mystical and otherworldly. I struggled to finish it just to see how it would end. Some will give up after the first few chapters. How does it end? Sorry, no spoiler here. .
I received an ARC of this book to provide a review. This is a well written and edited book. Ben's dad passes away and in in his will there is a marriage clause for him to receive his inheritance. He gets married to Pam who is stewardess he meets to be able to receive his inheritance. When he meets Jessica her daughter her daughter who is in college he falls for her. He falls very hard for Jessica and wants a life with her. I recommend that you read the book to find out how all individuals have find there happily ever after. I woul give this book a 3.5. Great job Amy Brent!!!
It was confusing for a good portion of the book. I thought the "narrator/character" was a man until about halfway in. Interesting read. Kind of predictable tho. I would have liked to read more about the actual activities that the ladies did, but this was my first Julian Fellows book so maybe this is his style of writing. However I did enjoy reading about the type of world these people live in, so I am willing to try another of his books.
Again disappointed in the book. Very slow start. Started it a few times and then finally read the whole thing when I had nothing else to read. 3/5 is the best I can give it.
Because Nora Roberts wrote it. I could tell it was one of her earlier stories she has grown As an author she has only gotten better now her books are so great I can't put them down
I haven't read Baldacci in a long time. What I found unbelievable was how these two women traveled with the government hunting them and their never caught. The whole story is not believable
It was a toss up between 3 and 4 star, but enough to get me hooked. So if I like the next one, will give it a 4 star!
I thought it was rather slow moving. Her character was well depicted but sometimes I got lost with all the husbands and step children. It was a good depiction of how she weathered the stock market crash and her generosity to those step children upon her death.
I'm giving this book three stars because it had some good points but in the end it was a depressing story and left me frustrated. The back and forth, bad decisions made repeatedly, and amount of time that the two main characters longed for each other was too much and then the ending was rushed. I've loved this author in the past so I didn't even question purchasing this book on the first day of it's release but was disappointed in the end.
First book by this author. It was okay. A little slow for my taste. Brutal. A little mystery and suspense.
Not sure what is happening with the story, what is the reason, what is the cause, and what actually is happening.
This was an enjoyable quick read. Readers of contemporary fiction might find this novella entertaining. The plot and action all center around several characters and their relationships with each other, both sexual and platonic. I did not find it difficult to follow the various characters, but the amount of free love in a contemporary setting is a little hard to believe. The novel is written well, especially for a translated work. Readers should know that there are explicit scenes throughout the story, including rough/abusive sex and rape. The story is set in small town Sweden, and although there is not a lot of setting description it was interesting and different for this American reader. The way the story unfolded kept me turning pages until the end.
An okay read. One big error of a character commenting on a hospital stay that happens later in the book as if it had happened already
This was not my favorite of her stories. A little predictable and ended too abruptly. But still an enjoyable read.
I wish I could write that I loved this book but I was undecided throughout. For me it was unrealistic. Interesting plot but too jumbled. I think I am in the minority but that is o.k. The end through me for a loop that is for sure.
I enjoyed the characters and storyline of this book, although I didn't think this was the best book by this author. I thought the total change of Rebecca's personality was a bit unrealistic and that didn't fit in well with the storyline. I would recommend the book but with some reservation regarding the ending.
I really enjoyed the compilation if stories in this set. Bravo to all the authors who contributed a who-dunit. The settings were wonderful and the characters were well-developed! I look forward to more great stories from these ladies!
This book is a little different than I was expecting. Jackson is a hermit that is gorgeous but has lived in seclusion the past 4 years. His life is interrupted when Harley, our h, escapes from a car that a stalker trapped her in. Jackson is intrigued by this woman who comes to his door screaming for help, of which he does eventually but not very willingly. From here forward the book moves at a crazy pace, and I feel like I've missed some big part. I'm also a glutton for series, so of course I need to keep reading. 3-3.5 stars
I thoroughly enjoyed the first four books, and couldn't wait to continue. The fifth book was so long and confusing, I sincerity wanted it to end. Too many twists and turns in the last book. There were so many different tribes of people it was hard to keep them straight. I didn't think the last chapters were even necessary. Sorry, but won't be reading any more of your books. One really great thing was that I didn't see any typos.
Said it all in the headline area. Hope everyone can enjoy the time. Distractions don't matter. Hope you get it as a free year.
Entertaining BUT completely unbelievable that the members of the MC would see some women as whores and some as precious objects to be protected.
I honestly don't know how I feel about this one. I liked it and I didn't. I skimmed a bit cause it struggled to keep my attention. However I do find myself curious as to what will happen. If it was on KU I might go on but since it's cash pay I'll sit on it.
Have'nt read ESV yet
It was an interesting plot, but the characters were too underdeveloped to really enjoy.
Average guide for anyone to start passive income with real estate. Here i found some guidelines and easiest ways to get started with.
Many childish and repeatedly reading same description of incidents again again. Let your pre-teen read it. 2.5 will be more then enough.
The author keeps your interest
Glad the girl didn't die. The story line was too long. Some parts kept repeating itself. The book should have been shorter. Kept on dragging.
This was my first time reading a book by this author. Very interesting. Liked the characters. But, I didn't like the ending because it was unfinished. Other than that, I liked the book.
Like the series but the books are to short for the price you pay. Also wonder when the conclusion will come.
Too much filler ...character had too many issues. I want escape not problems / drama in my reading material.
I love the story. It moves a little fast, so character development is a bit weak. But there are some incredibly detailed descriptions that are very well done. The reason I gave 3 stars is grammar. There are some horrendous errors, like using the wrong tense of there/their/they're and several others of the same kind. Some are simple spelling errors that you must assume the other spelling and meaning of the word intended. It's incredibly frustrating and I've considered not reading based on that. The story is wonderful, otherwise I would rate it much lower than I have. It takes true imagination, planning, and foresight to author a book like this. There is more to writing a book than creativity and vision, though.
Good information. Reads like a Q&A book. You don't have to read all the way through start to finish, you can pick and choose what you're interested in. You may have to do some back tracking to get info he presents earlier, but overall he's repetitive enough in each question section that you can probably understand his info.
Very short story that sets up the next story, if the invaders can't be stopped, then the people of the planet will be killed!
This was not what I expected. I read it, enjoyed it to a degree but not enough to pursue the series.
It was very hard to read because of the formatting. Instead of words going left to right, there were many pages that had one letter on each line. That was awful. The story was ok.
While I once again find myself really liking the characters in Lani's stories, the mistakes and inconsistencies throughout pretty much the entirety of the book takes away from that enjoyment. I hate to leave what I'm certain will be considered a negative review but I have been noticing these issues for many books, and I have read all of Lani's. I just wish she would get a better editor or beta readers, anything to improve the flow and cut out at least some of the eye-catching mistakes. They always end up being a huge focus for me.
There were a lot of things I didn't know about the President's mother's, but, a lot I did know. If you follow the President's, not their policies, most of what is in this book you already know!
I enjoyed the protagonist in this book. The story, at times, was hard to follow, mainly due to the old English jargon. Many story lines left unfinished but it is the first book in the series. A very dark story. The writer did a great job capturing the city at the time and building a mental picture.
Enjoyed the series however both stories were similar in content. Wish there would have been completely different scenarios. But still really enjoyed them.
I'm a huge fan of camp slasher ANYTHING and gay ANYTHING, so this story was perfect for me. It is definitely flawed, but the twists had me reeling. The mystery was less interesting than the deaths, but that didn't bother me. If you like gay horror, this one's worth a quick read.
This true story of a family fleeing from war in their beloved country to a safe haven in India has its ups and downs. True bravery and trust are displayed as the family faces hardships and long periods of separation.
Good story however hard to imagine anyone surviving all that time under fire. However he did!!!! The ending was abrupt
Bit o' spoiler here: There is a scene early in the book I simply couldn't get past. The day I find a naked teen girl lying in a parking lot in broad daylight and my response is, "Hey, you might be in trouble for lying naked in a parking lot so I will keep it a secret for you." rather than, "Holy s&^t! Rape? Kidnapping? I need to cover her and call the police and an ambulance!" is the day I will come back to this book. Simply could not believe that scene...wtf?
While I am a fan of this series, I wish the protagonist would grow. When I stopped reading a few books back, I left Riley Paige in the same mental space that she is still in, 3 books later...it's a bit of a downer. Yes, some old characters make an appearance (I will always be a fan of Jake), but Riley doesn't change. She continues to go between hot-headed trouble-maker, to down and out depressed, victim. It's not a matter of the writing, though...she is consistent in her psyche. She thinks about the impact her being away from her family has, she feels remorse and guilt, and when given an opportunity to change, she repeatedly doesn't. The author strings along the same routine throughout nearly every book, and I, for one, am ready for a new formula.
The violence was overdone , the fantasy disappointing , the love story appealing , the ending interesting The length planned well
More the subject of the book. I don't like books about drug dealers. Some of the characters I cared about, others not.
most of the stories were too similar. excellent author, though
Enjoyed the action in this novel, but always cringe when there is vulgar language. Typically I avoid such books in advance when made aware of such language. I almost stopped reading with your graphical portrayal of the wife's infidelity. Felt the detail in that room was unnecessary to the plot of the book.
My conclusion after reading this book is that knowledgeable workers outlive organizations, and they are mobile. The need to manage oneself is therefore creating a revolution in human affairs. Because most work is knowledge work, and knowledge workers are not “finished” after 40 years on the job, they are merely bored. So, it's important to reinvent yourself no later than 45 should you wish for a career change.
Samantha Perry is a data analyst for the NSA who has to go into hiding when someone burns down her apartment. She finds herself thousands of miles away from home with new clothes, hair, and name. Despite strict instructions to leave the case she'd been working on alone, she can't help but continue researching in the hopes of getting her life back sooner. Then she meets her new neighbor, Seth. At first she avoids him, but as he keeps coming around, she starts spending time running with him. When he asks her out, she's excited to go. But the damage from her research may already have happened, and she might not just lose Seth, she may lose her life. I enjoyed the story. It wasn't the most amazing thing I've ever read, but I was excited to continue reading the series.
pretty good but a light read
now read all up to thirteen
Only thing I don't buy is a werewolf not knowing all but two instructors get it on with their charges. His sense of smell and strong hearing should have given a million swimming clues and gossip gets in even when not listening
Elle was always into Noah. Set on Pilot Isle, Noah left and became a scientist. Years later, he's back and Elle has grown up, still waiting for Noah.
A teenage girl who fun it. Interesting setting. It was ok, but I will not pursue any more in the series.
Thought Cully was a little silly and arrogant. Have not read this author before and probably will not read him again.
Good story, just not my normal interests.
Very interesting and insightful at times. Could also be repetitive and boring while describing some personal relationships. Overall, Mostly enjoyable and informative.
I liked Willow & Xander - their friendship is interrupted by the awfulness of war, but when they finally reconnect, you can feel the depth of their love and friendship. And they jump right into the sexy times, but then pull back a bit & navigate through getting to know one another again & getting to know who they are NOW. Their love remains. : )
As always I liked the Bernie character. I thought the girl friend part was a bit of a stretch but it was ok. Story and plot good.
I usually love Patricia Rice books but this one I just liked. I found the main character, Beatrice, to be a little too stupid for me to like.
This is a good start to the series. I liked the main plot and found the characters extremely likable. 3.5* from me.
It was just okay. Kept waiting to get really into it, and it never happened.
I loved the first book, but was a little disappointed with the second guide. Most of these perfumes I can't find anywhere to test.
What great Characters are contained in this book. Although Mary is the prime, they all are so strong. I wonder what it would be like to live that kind of life.
I'm not thrilled that there was so many books on these two people.
I love most of his books. This one? Not so much. The sex is gratuitous and vulgar, and the characters have lost their depth. I'm hoping the next book will be more engaging.
Too long and much of the same, Just give me a fast paced story and move on.
Only reason to continue reading this series is Tom and Mike. Unclear dialogue, run-on sentences, a chore to decipher. 😢
The premise behind the book is interesting enough. Unfortunately, the writing is fit for a Saturday morning cartoon, and the author, like so many others, writes about firearms with little to no knowledge of the subject. The characters are straight out of a 'how to' book for beginning writers. A reasonably quick read that drags on and on...
I liked the 1st book much better, did not like the ending of this one either.
A very disturbing read. From the beginning of a,man's desperate sections borne out of extreme poverty to the twisted ending where tremendous guilt settles on everyone involved. The author did a great job of directing and redirecting your attention.
It was not one of her best stories. Some areas were a little slow. Story line was just o.k.
It was a little bit unbelievable and a little bit wordy. It was enjoyable and with no violence. Just a sweet story that was predictable.
I liked the plot of this book but there was so much internal monologue throughout the book. It made it so slow going. But I did enjoy the book and would recommend it to anyone wanting to read a clean regency story.
I have always been fascinated by Mel Robbins. She is incredibly gifted and encouraging. I picked up this book after seeking a few of her speaking videos on youtube. The book was well written and full of insight. A few of the parts were repetitive but the point was well conveyed. I would easily recommend this book to a friend.
What a way to start a better life by kidnapping your enemies sister and forcing her to marry you. The life of this brigade is worse than the life of Rebecca and her brother Alexander. The way this story and the one before it doesn't exactly have an end. Also there are the usual grammatical errors that I always find in this author's stories.
I found this book at times very engaging, but at other times, there were some mystical elements that I found bogged down the flow. Also, it was a bit confusing when the author would jump from one time frame to the next. I found that I had to reorient myself with the story often.
Well it started good lots of action but why keep repeating that she train when we read she read? Oh well
The first part, about his magical career is great. Lots you can get out of that if you're any sort of freelancer. But then he heads off to India, and I just hoped it wasn't going to be like listening to one of my friends who's been travelling and they comes back from India and say, 'I just see everything so differently now, but you had to be there.' But that's what it is. There must be some insights in there for him, but they don't translate to the reader. There are some good moments, but it leaves you feeling really dissatisfied, and the ending is rushed so you're not even sure why he went on to live the life he's chosen.
The storyline moved rather slowly and it just couldn't hold my attention. I would not recommend this book to friends.
This book was weird. I felt like I was reading a story written by a high school kid. The characters were not believable and the way they barely knew each other but were all madly in love with each other was odd.
Wasn't the best, however it was okay, I would recommend this book. Okay read..
I did find this book easy to read but felt kept going back over same ground too much and characters were introduced and didn't deliver -suspense but then didn't quite get there ...,
Could not wait to finish this book. It just seemed way too long and somewhat repetitive.
A nice read, but not captivating.
don't really need a lesson in politics. can see that on Fox. too much political bs to keep straight.
I have no idea how to review this product, as I did not purchase it. I have contacted Amazon to tell them my account has been compromised but they have not responded. I have removed my saved payment method, so maybe the hackers will move on.
It's been a while since I've ready anything other than a historical romance. This was a great read for me. Kept me interested and engaged. Will be reading the rest in the series.
This is a fun, easy read. The story is well done and light. It moves forward at a good pace and holds the reader's interest. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a nice and interesting book.
I get that this is a series, but I feel like half the story has been left out. I'm talking about details and the development of the story. I'm afraid that I won't be continuing with the series.
I had not realized how many american families were living in the Philippines during World war two. It was interesting to read about the style of living and how abruptly and catastrophically changed for the privileged.
The book was good until the end,way to many unanswered questions. I thought there must be a sequel but there wasnt.Unless you liking walking out in the middle of a good movie without ever knowing the end don't read this book !
Liked the doing things that you never thought of doing before and getting out of your comfort zone. Might make some people be inspired to do the same.
The book is difficult to get sucked in to due to the fact that the author spends a large amount of time focused on world building instead of having us connect to the characters, or at least integrating the two. The book also felt like a set up for future books and that's not the way books are supposed to be. They should all have their own plots that are wrapped up but subplots can carry out and become main plots. Also, the amount of new words and history of the world is completely distracting and feels more like a history class than a fantasy book you can get lost in. But once if you stick through and force your way into the latter part of the book then you won't be disappointed. The characters are fun and interesting and you are easily able to invest in them. This should've been done right away. This would hook and make the book much more enjoyable. But while the world building is very distracting, the author is very dedicated and his words are beautiful.
Some good information and insights, but too preachy about social issues unrelated to the topic. Maybe it should be in a different book if she is so interested in the topic.
This book was only n okay. The sex scenes were hot, but the plot seemed thin and it didn't have much in the way of subplot. I would have liked some more history on JJ and what prison was like for her. It might give some in the sequels, but I doubt I'm going to read them.
This is a good mystery, but it moves slowly; to the point of being boring at times. There is way too much discussing the evidence they have, what they think, what they are missing, what they don't know, etc. It is repeated over and over. However, I was totally surprised as to the identity of the killer. I totally missed what clued Dusty into the evidence. I guess after hearing the same thing more than once, I just kind of skipped over the info. The mystery is good, just too much filler.
This book was a hard read. It was very cliche and almost annoying. I wouldn't recommend wasting your time to be honest. I wanted to like it but it just makes you roll your eyes. A little drama, no suspense.
It's amazing the power of a lie to affect lives , it's like throwing a pebble in the water and the ripples that spread out. I am a firm believer of truth that it will set you free. This story was circumstantial and kept the reader engaged throughout.
The story was a bit slow. It couldn't pick my interesting until the last chapters. I read it because I like these series. Someone of the past come back but it's not really clear for what... it was excited at first but nothing happen. The mystery was good. I didn't suspect it. The end, well,
The second book in a series of three. Good quick read with just enough mystery to keep it interesting. Well written with a little corny thrown in. I liked it & I have book three to read.
The story is good. The editing is not so good. Don't pick up this book expecting it to have been edited by a professional. The story concept is good with its twists and turns though so if you can get past the editing piece you may enjoy it.
Too many British terms for a general story. Earlier story were better. Hope the next sended story is a little bit different .
and the last line is "To be continued..."
Some relevant info for MP and good thoughts about psychology and your mindset but ultimately an ad for website and software.
What a nice, easy, and fast read. Kinda confusing at times but this is the first book I've read from this author so... Anyways a nice happy ending for the couple but their families, like really now, are the worst. No support at all. Kinda expected more from the heroine's sister as she was the heroine in the prior book. And the mom...smh!
Decent read. It flowed ok. I would recommend it if you like legal books.
Helps put things in a clear process on how to reprogram your subconscious mind. Read it and you'll see. Thanks
The story started out strong but quickly fizzled. After being told over and over and over (rather than shown) by the hero, heroine, and numerous side characters how smart the heroine is, what a great lawyer she is, how tough she is, etc. the ending was a real disappointment. I was expecting to finally see how amazing she was in the court room, only to have her do absolutely nothing and the issue be resolved off page by the hero and other characters that we were never introduced to. What a shame!
This is a highly informed and helpful report on Blockchain technology and speculation about its applications and ramifications. There is a single chapter about the possible misuse and dangers. The entire presentation would have been more helpful and insightful had the cautions been presented side by side with the opportunities.
The book was a powerful reminder of conditions in the cities which led to children being taken to Canada. However it is also a reminder of the selfishness of those who lied and used those children as slaves. We wouldn't tolerate those conditions now, but back then they were all to common. The writer didn't finish the story, though. A chapter ended, I turned the page to read the next one, and there was no more. A book without an ending is a big disappointment. Hence, only 3 stars.
The first few chapters were so poorly written that I had to force myself to continue reading. It did get better, but it was like an entire book of mini stories with no culmination to any of them. It's almost like the author keeps setting the stage to finally fill us in on what's happening, but right up to the very end, there is no closure. There were some sections that I really enjoyed, but just too many unanswered questions.
The first chapter really drew me in and I finished in one sitting. It's a cute story with an interesting plot line that made for a fun break between serious (and long) books I'm currently reading.
Took me back to my childhood with the same memories as described by the author. Life was so good then and its great to relive those times through the eyes of a fellow 70s child I have received this book for free and wrote this review voluntarily
Written in the style of famous British Mysteries with many interviews without the modern forensics. Good old detective work with a rather interesting character, an English Bulldog investigator.
Well, I needed something light fun and so something with a Hot Scot seemed to be just the ticket. Unfortunately for me this one just ended up being so-so - I never really connected to the characters and the story didn't inspire me. I'm sure some will find this story perfect - and I hope you do. But for me it was average in every way.
This is not a terrible book. It's not exactly what I expected. It is supposed to be funny but I didn't see the comedy in the storyline. It wasn't funny to me. This was a very bizarre storyline.
It started out a PDA and ended up a different story entirely. Not even the same characters. Don't know what to think.
there was too much shifting scenes to follow the individual chapters.
I liked this book. Jackson and Parker met in college and became lovers, even living together for eight years. Parker decides he wants to go into politics and just ends the relationship because, as a Republican, he could not be in a gay relationship and run for office. After five years apart, Parker needs a good attorney and goes to Jackson for help. The story had a few issues, but had an HEA. That was good enough for me.
Like reading the authors diary.
Book could be a whole lot better with out all the detail sex
A charming mystery requiring a great deal of suspension of disbelief, but delightful in its setting and characters. A good beach read.
This book was hard to review. First, I read reviews about it and people either seemed to love or hate it. Second, many claimed that it is a rip off of other books, but my review will be based on reading this book, and focusing on the details here - not on any other similar stories, or comparisons, etc. This book is the perfect sappy teen romance. The weird, socially awkward girl transforms into a beautiful butterfly and three good-looking guys are at battle to steal her heart. Yes, that might not seem realistic,but then again it is fiction is it not? If you want a good beach read that has love, lust, tears, lessons learned, and the heartaches of learning how to love and love the right person, then this book is for you.
You better be satisfied with jack jr storyline as he is 98% if book. Some incredulous storylines and weak wrap up at end. Not authors best effort. Let's see more teamwork.
Quarter in and I can't find a clear story here. I kept hoping if I held on long enough for the connection would start with to form, but I can't see it. Without story, I need compelling characters, but I can't latch onto any of them. There is no depth, just dialogue and surface thoughts... I feel like we can't get too deep into character pot lest we figure out what they're really doing. The names are also mostly teasing towards Arthurian myths, but without a story context I feel like it is simply that, just a tease. There are some splendid premises here, but I'm disappointed because they aren't paying off. Almost reads more like a script, and we're missing the visuals of the action - basic set dressing is there, but very little energy. A fight with science-magic energy swords is done in barely a page.
I would love the stories more if Jade were not constantly in peril and always coming across as weak emotionally. She is relentlessly manipulated and forced into situations by those around her. For a powerful white witch - she is easily controlled by circumstances. Mature her character please.
The writing is well-done, but ultimately, I felt the ending was rushed and a little bit unsatisfying. Can't give it the full 5-star complement.
An interesting account of his life & work but in need of judicious editing which could have cut the book in half without reducing relevant content.
It was good reading, but not one that I will read over and over like some others I have.
Too far fetched but okay for a read on a rainy afternoon. If you like who done its, this might be for you.
First of all you can't put it down! Great read lots of suspense! But I literally get angry when the story abruptly ends. You read the entire book and still don't know how it end
I am always disappointed when I book I like is full of proofreading errors. Makes it hard to want to read another by the author.
One of the founders of the “Top Gun” reveals his role in forming the fighter school in order to develop to successfully dog fight the enemy's various fighters using tactics developed by navy pilots. Interesting but technical.
I have read many of this author's previous books and enjoyed them all very much. I ordered this as a pre-order, excited to receive it as soon as it published. The premise of the book was excellent and Mrs. Bennet was a delight but the lack of a good edit was very distracting. It made the book difficult to read. I was disappointed.
Interesting concept. The characters were somewhat shallow and the storyline wasn't fully developed. It really is a short story not a real novel. That's not a problem it's just that it was a little weak in execution
Format is factual, with good research. But, unfortunately, it is not gripping. Would have preferred a historical fiction approach to bring some of the lead characters more to life. Stopped reading half way through...
This book kept my interest for the most part but I was disappointed with how it left things unanswered. I felt like it was just starting to get really interesting and then it was over. I hate waiting for the next book release to find some sort of closure. I have read all of the books in the two series and have really enjoyed them all but I feel like this book had the least closure out of all of them. There were also some very predictable moments in this book. I knew exactly where the story was leading before it happened. Still a decent book and good writing but not my favorite. I definitely wanted more from this book. I would have been happy if this book would have been longer and tied up some of the unanswered questions.
Hi I'm not sure what went wrong with this book, not the story, that was fine, but the editing was appalling! Missing lines, so many incorrect words. I don't recall any major problems with the other books in the series (mind you I am fairly tolerant of typos and occasional grammar errors) but I don't think there was a page in this book that didn't have something that grated on my nerves, my auto correct was working overtime. That being said I did enjoy the story and will give it another chance if there is another book, I just wonder if the wrong file was used because if not then you really need to get an editor that understands english. It would have been given more stars if not for the editing.
Good characters, good, light mystery with intrigue. Pretty quick page turner. Several typos. Will read book four and see if editing is better.
It's good, but very basic
Interesting thought just too bored there are no picture just tons of words. However, the content is good anyway. Good to read.
I knew most of this, was looking for more examples and suggestions that would give me more inspiration for things like goal-setting and planning.
Did not keep my interest.
Main premises of the book could be condensed into approximately 20 to thirty pages. Animal protein bad , WFPB protein good. The rest of the book drones on and on about how the dairy, pharmaceutical and processed food industries have corrupted the university and medical professionals to chase money not good food and patient care/health.
Not my Favorite storyline. I normally read her books in 1 to 2 days. However, this book a few months. But if you are a fan like me you will like it.
Julie is funny and crazy. I am glad she found love. The women of endurance are funny. It was cute that Simone wanted to marry Autumn also.
This story seemed extended by half. The characters were fleshed out and the plot sketched quickly, then the same actions and responses repeated; seemingly to extend the tale. Should have been tightened to a faster pace.
Laurie has a very funny way of looking at things! Loved the stories about the girls down the street and the gym. I can relate.
A little different take on the shifter world. Being able to talk out loud while in furry form was a new one, it was usually mind to mind, interesting. The story was okay, just didn't get into it as with your other shifter series. Thank you anyway, it was a good afternoon read.
Other than the great ending, this book was reminiscent of climbing a sand dune. It was a very slow read.
Although reading this book was starting in the middle of the series, I had never heard of the bride's of San Francisco so I hoped that I had found a new series. Unfortunately I was wrong. This book was very predictable starting at page 1. The character development seemed rushed, the conversations were inane and many times modern phrases were used not the phrasing of the era. Much about the book was unbelievable for the era. Cora lived in her own? No chaperone and not even a live in cook or housekeeper? Hopefully, some of the other books in the series are better!
Very predictable..will not read next one. Good thing it was free I would have asked for my money returned. Boring
This book is interesting but often confusing especially at the beginning. There are too many characters and hard to follow everyone, it gets better towards the end. Some of the technical business parts are also confusing. Now I just want to read a more entertaining book next.
My rating is somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. I enjoyed the imagery of the writing style, and was engaged enough with the internal conflict I didn't miss the scarcity of external conflict. However, I was disappointed in the end by the protagonist's character development-she lacked growth in what I felt were the most important areas for her to gain perspective.
Stock Regency romance with a little mystery and the required HEA. There's nothing fresh or unique in this very short story that comprises only 88% of the published page count, the rest being author's notes and a preview.
I liked them together but Sophie could be annoying. Josh was hot and wanted her and said it over and over again. Sophie just couldn't get it together and while some of that is okay it went on too long and then bam it wrapped up and over.
This was a cute romantic story. Probably how in real life some go. Nice characters, drama, humor, a Happy ending. Enjoyed the closeness of friends and family. It's missing something, but I can't put my finger on it.
Was just OK. I mean I like to read and then reflect. There was nothing ever to reflect on. If this is auto-biographical, which it is, Bukowski was an idiot. I did like the fact that he changed careers late in life, showing youre never too old to do something worth while:)
The overall story line was great. Plenty of questions within the story kept me reading to find the answers. At times the action sequences tended to overshadow the main plot. Not sure if I'll read the 5th instalment yet.
So many don'ts that are unrealistic if you're trying to be your "authentic" self. Felt like I had to change who I am to be with a good man. I definitely can relate to making some changes however with so many demands on us women it's nearly impossible to accomplish without playing games. Disappointing to say the least.
I initially really liked the series, especially because I am from the area the author is writing about. BUT - after 5 novels where Gage continues to be a Luddite even when it seriously impacts the people he purports to love, continues to play macho man and refuse to get his painful and debilitating knee repaired, rushes in without much thought to dangerous situations and is miraculously rescued at the last minute by some fluke and, once again, is irresistible to the beautiful woman he encounters, falling in love overnight and then losing her at the end - I'm getting bored. I want the character to learn and progress and he just does the same thing over and over. Good series start but Gage is getting to be underwhelming.
I got about 1/3 way through. Mostly obvious suggestions with no path to change.
I love Harry's style of writing .. the stone age stuff wasn't for me
The conclusion of the story arc is exactly what Modesitt fans expect it to be, excellent execution of the same basic formula, unveiling yet another time and place in the rich fantasy world that is Recluse. However, I found the ending to be a disappointment. Not because of how the plot concluded, but in a perfunctory way he ties up loose ends. Usually, he either leaves the loose ends to the reader's imagination, a perfectly valid literary choice, or he has a few chapters or an epilogue of happily ever after. In this, after the climax, he kind of goes "oh, by the way" and wrapped a bunch of stuff up in a single sentence that lacked the detail to make the resolution plausible. I can't say more without risking spoilers, but it really took me out of the story and left me feeling like he hit is word count early and ended it so he could ship it off to his publisher.
This story started out OK, but as the main character went off the rails I couldn't keep reading. Not for me.
I enjoyed this book, right up until it stopped right in the middle of the story. So don't buy this if you have issues with that kind of thing. Or wait until the series is complete, because the first two books in this series both do that.
Plot was a little thin. But, an interesting story. Characters are mostly believable. I enjoyed the book. Would be a great beach read.
A typical Harlan Coben thriller. “Tell No One” is a page turner with many twists and turns... in fact almost too many.
The secrets of the past were revealed gradually which added to the reader's interest. Otherwise it followed a standard format for this genre: The man and woman love interests are physically handsome and struggling with their feelings. The children were nicely written, not overly spoiled or annoying...just normal kids. I found the man to be a little too perfect all around especially when dealing with the children. More "steam" than I like, but not overly graphic. An easy read.
A good read but just not Tom Clancy.
Very slow read, boring. Not enough suspence. No development into relationship between Lane and the Sheriff. I don't believe the abducted girls were that stupid!
The stories are interesting if a bit predictable but that's ok. What I find off-putting is the foreshadowing at the end of almost ever chapter. It's an unnecessary sentence and you're writing in the present and the future with just that one sentence. It throws off the flow of the stories and I'm not sure why your beta readers didn't tell you to take it out. The books would flow beautifully without them.
This could have been a good read,it started off good ,about many mc clubs in one place,and how they get along.I read it because I like the old lady's club book,thought it would be like that.It leaves you in the middle of the story.I was not happy to have read about the book,then it just stops.I'm writing this so if you don't want the same thing don't read it.
Very cute story! It's short and quick. Detective Pikachu to the rescue!
I like that the book is comparable to others in this genre. In that respect it was what I expected and was an enjoyable read. I was put off by how unrealistically the main characters deal with the aftermath of their respective traumas. They act as if once the immediate trauma is over then all is right in the world and life moves on normally. This is so not how reality works. However, to have the characters deal with their issues realistically the book would need to be twice as long and the romance aspect of the story would have shrunk down to a subplot.
What can make Kate happy? Harley. What is making Kate miserable? Harley. This story was interesting, but it was way too much wishy washy back and forth from Kate. I felt the conflict was too forced. I love Harley. Great character who knows what he wants. Kate...not so much. I really wanted to slap her and tell her to grow up.
A bit light but couldn't put it down and read it all at once.
Not really worth the time
A great, quirky story that has a lot of potential; however the rating goes down due to a certain amount of typos, all in the wrong places. The author seems to push in as many wonderful details as possible which sometimes makes it a jumbled read and it's hard to find the way back. A bit too scattered in my opinion; I also found it incredible that the MC would accept and use her abilities quite so soon. The series has potentials, mostly due to the beautiful surroundings and not the quality of storytelling. No suspense and no romance.
This book is an easy read about a fictional version of Annie Oakley, and what she might have tolerated as she became famous as the best sharp shooter ever.
While the story was good and the passion as evident between Jason and Abe, I didn't care for Jason, he was a complete self obsessed tool, even if the author gave him a few moments, h was still just rude. Never apologized once, even when he went psycho on Abe early in their relationship. Overall, not my favorite from the Family Collection, but the other characters make up for Jason.
I typically like the art history action story but for some reason this did work for me. I cannot pin it down but the characters never hit home.
I read this book after Pachinko. Pachinko is a masterpiece. This book did not set out to be a masterpiece, but has everything I like in a story. However, although the characters are quite interesting at face value, they had a way of leaving my head so that I had to remind myself who they were. That doesn't usually happen to me. This is an earlier novel by a writer of great ability, and a lot better than most books out there.
This has been a very enjoyable series. Great characters and good action. I did not like the way the story ended. It just kinda petered out with none of the built- up expectations coming to fruition. Yes, that stuff happens in real life but the beauty of reading sci-go is to make the ending better than reality
It has a syntax that can easily interface with other systems. We understood easily.
A woman I would have enjoyed meeting. wish the book could have unraveled some of her personal secrecy; like how did she emotionally handle her husband's depression. A fascinating story. Still can't figure out how she did it.
Entertaining but my least favorite book in the series. What happened to the independent, feisty women in prior books? All the women seemed to have lost their backbone, which was very disappointing. liked seeing old characters from prior books but wish there had been more focus on Tracy and Francis. Too much violence, not enough romance.
If you're a big KA fan, I'm sure you'll love this. I find that any time I start reading KA (I read a few a year), the first book is often a challenge as I have to get used to her writing style. It can be hard to follow with the incomplete sentences and mashed up dialogue. By the end of the book, I was feeling a lot better about it, it got easier to read for me. So the 3 stars is reflective of my overall experience. The characters were nice. I particularly liked Izzy. She is a bit of a Disney princess, complete with a singing bird on her shoulder while she washes the dishes. I like Johnny a lot but he's pretty much a typical quiet, alpha hero. He's a great guy, just quite a bit of back and forth with him while he straightens his emotions out. It's definitely worth the ride though to watch Izzy bring him to his knees.
I didn't find the book as impressive as some did. It was just another slave story in my opinion. It wasn't terrible, but it didn't live up to the hype either.
easy to read, nice HEA
The Chinese grammar in this book is too old, I don't think any Chinese could understand it clearly. It's much better with Simple Chinese translation.
This book was in many ways a typical Riley Hart book, which means it was well written and had an awesome cast of friends and real/found family which always adds so much depth to her characters and her books. Actually, that may be the biggest reason I love her books in general. I way enjoyed the protagonists Ash and Beau and the progression of their relationship. I guess for me, although I was glad to spend time with Kenny, Beau's brother, it was sort of understood that Beau needed to stick around close to home to help with Kenny, and yet other than occasional speech issues, Kenny seemed to be functioning just fine. So to me he came across more as a plot device than a person because I just couldn't get a handle on him. So for me the book was good, but not great.
After finishing this book, I purchased the next one. This will give me a better chance to review.
Very quick read. Either has an amazing imagination. I was disappointed in how she left the end. To much left in the air.
Considering the time between this book and outs predecessor one might have expected more from this book, especially given the author. This book is definitely a sort ou'd bridge book. Nothing much happens, but reveals were relatively minor, and the plot barely edges forward. With no end in sight, it is difficult to see how this book adds to the overall story. Having said that, Weeks is still a very good, engaging author, so the book is enjoyable.
Fair attempt at telling a story worth telling. I like the introduction of a plausible suspect. Useful information about the nature of policing in the time. Patching writing in places but decent conversational tone throughout. Hard to keep track of all the killings but fair attempt to do that for the reader.
Annoying grammer and spelling mistakes, but great stories from various perspectives. Some sections had better editing than others. Overall average.
Really enjoyed the beginning but it turned completely unrealistic about halfway through. Nice setup to the story but lost the creative juice at the end.
Left something to be desired.
The book opens well, and it kept my interest for the first 2 chapters. I couldn't identify well with the main characters; they never really filled out well. The main female character makes impulsive decisions throughout the book, yet survives despite her poor judgment. The authors historical background seems intact, but the characters are not realistic enough to command investment in their stories.
Moderately interesting story but didn't like the characters at all. The main one is lifeless and boring and seems to have practically no emotions. I liked reading about going to the little village in France but it just didn't have anything going for it but a so-so mystery and no romance by any standard I would judge romance. The kid was the only one in the book with any personality or brains.
The mystery and family drama kept me interested in this story. But there were some awkward religious parts, some unrealistic whale life saving parts and I was sad at how many people ended up being bad guys. The good guys end up reasonably happy in then end so this one was worth the read!
Overall the series was good. It had a few things that could've been left out, and sometimes it seemed to drag on, but the overall concept and description of the mer men intrigued me.
This was an enjoyable read, but seemed more forced than the other Rosie books. I didn't have as many laugh-outloud moments.
Sorry but this book did not really get or hold my interest.
I bought this only because it said it was written by Renshaw. However, compared to some of her previous books I've read it wasn't very good. She struggles to make the central male character of Madden sound like a man. Instead, he sounds like a hormonal wah wah teenager. The central female character Brighton is oddly one dimensional to me. In fact, about 1/4 way through I had to double check that it was actually written by Renshaw because it was flat compared to her other books. I love her book "Country Nights" and if you read these side by side it is like night and day (no pun intended). It is like two different authors. I don't know what changed, but it has put me off her books. Plus, this book is all about 3rd wave feminism which turns my stomach.
Good writing and an interesting twist, but with religious content. Should be listed as Christian so the readers know what they are buying. I dislike deceptive labelling on books like this.
This novel reads more like an allegory about balancing work and motherhood. The messages are very close to the surface.
Not as well written as I expected, but interesting subject matter.
You have great story line ,but your spelling and punctuation needs work. Do you even proof read your story? Quite trying to use big word, or do many, and just let the story flow! Please read your story and you will see what I mean.
I loved the ups and downs of Marnie's life. I was not ready for the story to end. Can't wait for the next book by Maddie Dawson.
Not a typical Noah Wolf novel. Almost seemed as if it was written by a ghost writer. Hard to get through because it was so far away from what I'm used to with Noah Wolf. Not a fan of this particular one.
I usually like Kristin Hannah's books. Comfort and Joy was a quick enjoyable read, until the ending. Had I known it would be the type of story that relies on "magic" to bring it to the happy ending, I would not have purchased it.
This book was too violently graphic for me. I could almost see it as an episode of some zombie like series on television. Arthur has quite a road before him. Bless him.
It's better then the first one in the series but it's something with the writing. I'm not pulled into the story. The first part were ok but I hade to make myself finish
I truly enjoyed the first three books of this series. I thought they were well written and exciting. This book, however, felt forced and contrived. It seemed like the author was just ticking boxes to wrap up the series.
Not a bad book, but I do not believe calling the President of the United States vulgar has any place in a book about murder. Stick to the facts.
I like this series for what it is, but I wanted a little more story, this one ended at 67% and felt incomplete.
My least favorite Longmire book. How many times did the kingpin let Longmire escape from poorly constructed/guarded situations? Was he channeling Bond villains? All that was missing was the monologue.
Maybe spoilers Wow...I am disappointed. Was so excited for this book but turned out to be the weakest. And shortest it seemed. Bishop and Loren were separated for most of the book. Yet once they meet, it's just so easy and rushed. I expected more fireworks and more fight I guess? Loren was sweet and pliable and I dunno. I wanted more sass. But I suppose that's not what the authors were aiming for with her character. I was also waiting in vain for this ferocious alpha leader Bishop to just snap. And go all crazy and claim his mate. But Bishop seemed so tamed and a complete gentlemen. Which was nice but eh. He was the oldest and on the brink of dying. I wanted and needed more savagery to be unleashed. Hell, Valen and even the evil guard Greg triggered a more visceral reaction in me. As for Gordon. Some badass villain he turned out to be. Blink and he was easily decimated. Even the showdown between him and Bishop was lackluster and just too simple. I wanted more bloodshed. And now... sigh. A new character is introduced but I kinda am just meh.
I was getting into the book and then I get a message saying I got a truncated copy! Where's the rest of this book?
It's not bad. But it's not something that I'll be reading. I found the female lead to be weak and stupid.
Great read. The story line keeps it interesting and relevant.
Slow start getting interested... but once story got rolling, very interesting read.
This book improves the further you get into it, I'm not sure yet whether I will get book 4. I'm not very much into this story but that doesn't mean other people won't enjoy it,everyone likes different things so other people may enjoy it very much.
Loved it; I could not put it down. Stayed up way too late to finish it. You will not regret this purchase
It could have been a lot better if the author had been a bit more careful. If you're going to write a story about people who speak Spanish, at least make sure that the Spanish you use is real Spanish. You were careless and your Spanish was not Spanish at all; you should have used someone who spoke the language to edit and correct your Spanish use. It was terrible. However, the story line was interesting, the yarn was attractive, and the characters were likable. Your lack of care made your work seem sophomoric.
Because I am of a similar age to that of Willa, the main character, I related mightily, but I fear the story might not resonate as well with those of other ages and genders. That said and done, though, Ann Tyler is a master character weaver. I dove in to Willa and even thought about her dilemmas when I wasn't reading. She faced situations akin to many aging but healthy women who have abandoned their own wishes and hopes and even talents in preference for their families.
It took me months to read. That boring it was. Expected better than i received. Not interested in knowing the daily life of people
The guys are so neutral at the beginning. They watched Ro being imprisoned but did nothing. I am glad they feel guilty about it but it makes you wonder. The romance is a s!ow burn which is always good.
War and a strong female heroine not afraid to do what do what she has to to help her sick father and tend care for an injured man of battle.
The story did hold my interest and the end was a bit surprising. However I found the heroine quite unlikeable and was dismayed that she would buy a shabby bar and express no interest in making it any better. She told a customer with scorn that she did not serve frozen drinks or food. I could just feel the grime and smell the spilt beer on the carpet. I also found the church bit unbelievable. Not interested in any more of Janet Black.
Very entertaining with holiday theme throughout. Realistic challenges for relationship because of past issues make for great story. Confronting fears and overcoming faith mixed with true love.
I am really enjoy best, I felt like I understood the plot, and then near the middle/end it was definitely a surprise. I'm not sure I thought the ending. But I definitely love the story, and really like the character development.
Good story line but the English language is bad in places.
the setup was difficult maybe it was me...
I liked the the plot was more original than most, but the writing style is choppy and lacks depth. Overall, I would not read this one again.
I didn't like this. Very slow moving, in my opinion.
Well written, light and slight but entertaining. Some almost laugh out loud moments.
It's okay, well written and fairly interesting. The title is kind of misleading. I was expecting a book about aviation, but it's mostly about the author's life in Africa. It's interesting, but the aviation part is relatively minor. So if you want to read a book about a girl growing up in Africa I would rate it a 5. As an aviation entry it gets a 3.
Fatal Distraction is a solid thriller that will keep you turning pages and stay tuned to the characters and the storyline.
It was a good book but the hero kept saying things and thinking things like "he did this, she should be grateful" and etc throughout the whole book. That just getting to me. If you do something for someone you dnt have to constantly throw it in their face. It as aggravating.
Found this book divided into 3 distinct parts. Part 1. Rachel spends a lot of time looking for the identity of her father, leading the reader to believe this is what the book is about. Nope. It really is about some insignificant character, Brian, that she meets for a second in this part. Part 2. Rachel reveals herself as an entitled yuppie, who is screwed up mostly by her deranged mother. She is vulnerable, weak, and needy. Even when she gets a chance to rise above her insecurities, she fails. Part 3. No, wait. Rachel is really a superwoman, not only emotionally, but by action. She is able to pull off some unbelievable dupes and stunts on an unsuspecting cartel of bad guys. The author can do better, but I must admit, I was pulled back to the book again and again, not so much to find out what happens next, but like someone looking at the two-headed cow at the carnival. Another glitch, IMO, is the excessive wordiness, especially about abstract feelings and emotions. Sometimes shock is just shocking, not a lightning bolt of terror or some other over the top comparison.
A large part of this book was getting the characters to the point that they could see, and the reader could understand, how weight so drastically effected their choices and their lives. But, it was, a very depressing ride to get to that point. Obviously no one wants to be fat, and the journey to acceptance of your weight is a huge obstacle in any life. But, the story had so many ugly characters, that it was not an easy book to read The romances were disappointing, not developed, and seemed more of an afterthought. While the HEA was there, it left me with more questions. Definitely thought provoking, and as always, well written, but I still go with my title. Not quite sure what I thought of it. Unsettling...
I thought this book was OK. There wasn't a lot of excitement to it. I did like the characters and felt like I was able to get to know them. I think the story was good, but a lot of repetition made it way too long. I also didn't care for her mother's relationship status towards the end. There was absolutely no purpose for that.
I have read this and the sister series that preceded this. I have absolutely loved both and I'm actively searching down more titles by this author because of that. However, this book takes a turn to a much sadder, darker place. I will admit I am the happily ever after kind a girl, and such sadness turns down my enjoyment of the book.
Interesting story, but not the quality I am used to reading by Penny. I read it in under two hours, and in retrospect would have only paid $.99 for it on Kindle.
Characters and setting were charming...a heartwarming story!
I quite liked this story & it had a few good twists but I don't like how at the end a few mismatched scenes were chucked in to try make a cliffhanger lead in to book 2. Much better as a stand alone story
A lot of empty words. Author write about minimalism, but he forgets himself about it. In general the book could have been better.
The series ended with a whimper. Another series that simply lost power as it progressed. This book felt disjointed and more then a little contrived. The author appears to make things up as he went along, searching for an effective way to end the story. It didn't work.
A little bit of a slow start, but worth your patience as the story progresses. A portrait of family in all its aspects, the good and bad, the tears and the laughter.
It starts out pragmatic and sane. Then, about the 70% through the book, it departs into lofty ideas the author and his wife say actually become reality. And I believe them. However, the source to all they experience is not what they think it is ;-)
It was a ok story but very dull. Not very factual
Well written book, though content didn't get me as excited as I thought. A huge chunk of the book was on race and gender. I thought it overpowered the book, but I understand this is her reality. For reference, I am a black woman also, so I can relate. Overall, didn't agree with her approach to sex, relationships, and finances in relationships. If anything, the book makes me appreciate how different individuals are, how different our childhood and backgrounds are, and how that shapes us. Still love me some Gabrielle Union :)
The author's deeply personal study cluster B personality disorders and recounting of his journey through recovery from the abuse and devastation at the hands of a psychopath was both informative and validating.
The illustrations were nice but the simplicity of the storyline was not engaging enough for my 4 year old. Overall it was not bad would read again.
Haven't had time to finish. Seems great so far.
I guess it's about 3.4 stars. Some of the twists were predictable. Good crime mystery all around, but not remarkable. The author shows promise.
I was really into the story. There was no conclusion, and that was disappointing. Not a big fan of books that don't have an ending.
I thought it was ok. I felt like she was writing it as if she wants it to be a tv script. It's cute but nothing that will cause me to read the other ones
This book just didn't do it for me, not only was it short, but the characters just didn't seem to be a good match. Like, in his position, why would he care about her at all.
In some ways I really liked it, but in other ways I didn't. It was a unique take on the genre, and I'm glad I read it. Sometimes the story was a bit disjointed, but overall I liked the book and would recommend it.
Easy reading, but the words did not hold my attention. It was not an exciting book even though the characters were nicely portrayed.
This book is a richly described journey into nihilism. Beginning with a belief in the bond of blood brotherhood and ending with the belief that life is a joke. The use of language is stretching to this reader. The lack of classic punctuation is distracting. The best part of the book is the insight to the Vietnamese perspective of America's involvement in the war. I would recommend this book only to those interested in another perspective of a significant segment of our national history.
In the sense of the plot it was a very good and interesting book, each character was unique and the author did a terrific job with detail and setting the scene, however In my personal opinion, I disliked the fact that the author used a typical broken bad boy the main character to fall in love with even though he beat the crap out of her again and again. I'm only really mentioning that because I've seen it in a few hundred books and I don't think it should be an example for love that YA readers pick up on and take from that to be a normal okay thing. Secondly: I felt rushed sometimes in the book, the character hopped from place to place so quickly and so much that I felt like it was rushing me to finish the story. All in all other than that it was a great book and I enjoyed traveling with the main character on her journey.
I wanted to like it and there were parts that I sort of enjoyed. The majority of the book was a disjointed mess and it felt like parts that were important had been cut out. ***I decided to review an ARC of this book.***
Certainly not my usual reading genre, but it did have a satisfying ending. I'm not really sure how to rate it, so I went with three stars.
Really like it but the story has way to much passages that are intermingling long for nothing .... on more then 1 occasion I completely skipped passages because the where way to long and repetitive ... but it's still a very good romantic story !
The plot was good and I was rooting for Delilah to win over Oliver and get him away from Cruella. I felt like there could have been more depth to the story. There was a lot of internal dialogue. I would have liked more spoken interactions to help the flow but a good story and HEA. Can't wait for Liam's story.
Some of these stories are just so superficial. I am a reader that likes to imagine that the stories could possibly be real.
Have not opened this book and do not remember ordering it at all. Have not been ordering books lately!
This book has some great ideas and information, but is too dense. way too much information, i would have to read this a few times to truly benefit. i am a new trader and after reading a few books on trading just needed a few points i could use.
Ok, book. I just wish that the author had provided a little more detail to the overall story. Easy read
this should have been described as a really short story. It still leaves several questions regarding the library.
In book one, the author revealed that she had awakened with a story in mind. This book is the third of the series, leading the reader down the path to the end of the story. By now, we are familiar with the characters and their respective gifts and can only hope for a positive outcome for our heroine, as we cannot see the end, ourselves.
This book has an interesting premise, but I felt like I came into it in the middle of things and never quite got caught up. The author rushes though a lot of things that could be expanded (and would make for a better read) and doesn't really let you get to know the characters enough to care what happens to them. This is a young adult book, and I feel like the author thought it would be okay to just skip around and never really get too deep into anything. Giving the story more depth might set it apart from all the other fae stories out there. As it stands, this is an okay book and teen readers will probably enjoy it, and maybe the second book in the series has more going on.
Slightly better than the first book in the series. OK overall. I like the locations and theme of the series. I guess maybe I just expected more. I was left curious at the ending.
The characterizations of the two protagonists were very well developed. The initial plot went well, too. When it got into the Egyptian phase, IMHO, it got cheesy lacking both credibility and depth. It's an easy read.
The story was good, but the MCs didn't have enough depth to them. Felt like the story was rushed and not fleshed out enough. Enjoyed it but not enough to read more in this series.
This book took a long time to get interesting. I was disappointed if was foreign there are words and descriptions that were unknown. Wouldn't read another.
3.5 Stars his is a fun Christmas romance with a lot of dating and cupcakes but that sweetness is evened out with the hard truth that divorce hurts and it takes a while to heal. Shae has always liked Aiden and Aiden has liked Shae but Shae was married and then they changed jobs. Now, Shae is single and find Aiden on a dating app. Aiden is over the top ginger hot and super nice. Shae has a great circle of friends and family but really risking her heart again freaks her out. Aiden is willing to hang in there and it is a lovely romance with Christmas shine.
Similar to other books
good information but a hard read
I got this book to read along with my book club. And in reading it I realized that I just don't care for novella length stories. They feel too fast paced to me. That's really just to explain why I only gave three stars. I would say, I liked the concept of fairy tales with more dragons. I also enjoyed the added touch of Snow LITTERALY having skin like snow, hair like a raven and lips like a rose. That was clever.
Predictable. Moved slowly.
I did not know what to expect when I found this book. I've read most of this author's books though, so I thought I'd give it a chance. I was pleasantly surprised by how glued to this story I was.
I'm a bit lost with this, it says 386 pages yet it doesn't show me the whole thing but skips pages...
Enjoyed the book, but half way figured out the storyline and knew before the end who the characters really were. A movie is in the making based on this novel, hopefully they will change the storyline somewhat to make it less predictable, but still a good read and has movie potential.
Eh. This one was okay. It's a light hearted romance, easy read. I liked Jethro, not so much the lady. But their story was cute. I don't like how Reid relies on sex so much. There's more to love than that.
I have read many Lynley novels. This one was extremely slow going.
I love this book but I wish that it was longer. I also loved that he had a interest in Ashlyn Ella the daughter of Cinderella. That was the most important part of the intro.
This was a short cute read. You have cranky bear shifter who accidentally marks his mate in a drunken one night stand that leads to a whole bunch of trouble. The story would have been better though if it had less errors. It's in desperate need of a good editor/proofreader. Tons of grammatical and punctuation errors that distract from the story.
The book starts off great - you think it's going to be a book about how the world or our world of electricity might suddenly end - but then it gets bogged down in all things electric, from the history of electricity, to how it functions, to practically everything and anything you might need to know about electricity. Boring.
Pretty good book. Most of the characters are pretty realistic. It was too easy to figure out who the bad guy was, though.
Not my favorite book. Too much bad language for my taste. And did not like the way the book ended.
OK BOOK. I love this series, but this book was just okay.
An interesting story line with a few twists, contains mild violence but unfortunately significant foul language. All the characters were nicely developed and all the puzzle pieces come together in the end. It was a good book and an easy read.
It feels like some plots were added after the first book. Lacking some coherence throughout the story.
When I need a quick, light read for a short flight, I usually grab a book from the Little Free Library near my home. THE WEDDING AUDITION by Catherine Mann and Joanne Rock (though predictable) fit the bill. It was served up with a side of romance and had a dash of drama thrown in for good measure. And like any good book faerie worth her salt, I left it in the airplane terminal for the next person to read.
Very simplistic, but told basic Bible stories.
Good story but lacking in detail and length...kind of left me disappointed. Could have been written better. I feel left hanging
Not as good as the other books in the series.
Not as interesting as Sparks usually writes.. Was somewhat disappointing! Maybe next book will be up to par...let us hope
I got bored and somewhat annoyed with this book. So much so that I skipped several chapters. Olivia was an immature character to me. She annoyed me. Nathaniel was the only one that didn't annoy me.
A good book, but the story line is getting a little old. Girl meets Boy then they fall in love, have a misunderstanding or some other thing gets in the way. They go thru the boo hoo stage then make up and all is well. She needs to change that. Love the same people appearing in her stories. But as I said, same old same story line.
verdict still out as I'm currently taking cooking lessons on how to use it
Sooo, it felt like I missed a novel in the series when I started reading this. Decades have passed since the last novel, and I was a bit lost for a while. Good story, just not sure why they changed it so much.
The book and story were a bit tedious. She seemed like a very nice person even though she was a hopeless romantic. Pragmatism was not her strong suit.
Some of the characters were interesting, and I wanted to know more. That being said, the quantity of errors (which a good editor could have taken care of) and the shallow plot pushed me away instead of drawing me in. I thought that the IDEA of the plot was interesting, but the method for carrying it out was simplistic.
It was ok but I felt it could have had deeper character identities. I felt like I had already missed reading the first book.
This was not a book that kept my attention. It is a compilation of the author's life experiences with the publishing world. The author intertwined these life experiences with his collection of short stories. I'm afraid I found the book a bit boring.
Too much padding around the story.
Bought it for book club but it wasn't that popular with the rest of the members either.
As a life long golfer in his very late fifties I kept thinking as I read this book that the majority of this novel was simply common sense. But, the more I thought about what I will call Zen lessons, the more I thought...no they're really not. There is a tremendous amount of wisdom within this book. However, you have to be willing to open up your mind to the ideology. You have to rid your thinking of...yeah, I already know that...and truly absorb the concepts. There's no doubt it will improve your performance.
Interesting plot, LOCATION, and characters. Raina is pulled into solving the murder of an 'uncle' and dark family secrets. I didn't like the ending. This is my first book of this series.
Offers good insight, not too many practical daily things one can do. I really tired of the self promotion. I get it, shes good at her job, but it seemed like a waste of space reading wise. Just wanted a daily simple schedule of tackling reflux throughout my day.
I felt the story was slow moving and then end was so abrupt. Would probably not read anything else from this author.
A little too much explaining, in my opinion. Could have moved a little faster. I did like how the past and present were connected.
I read All This I Will Leave To You which was great. This story was just ok. For me the psychology of the perpetrator didn't really make sense. I also thought the mysterious creature in the woods could have been more developed and involved in the crime scenes. I didn't find the ending very satisfying. Having said all that, the characters and the plot were interesting. Redondo is very good at physical description.
Another in the series form this author. Okay read.
I would classify this book as a young adult read. It was enjoyable, but the plot had a lot of gaps and guesses.
What I enjoyed the most was the beautiful language describing the places and people.
I did not like the story
Very well written and it helped me after losing my first pet after 10 years. My only complaint is that it only talks about couples and families. Would have been nice to talk about a single person and having to go through it alone.
I loved the story and was hooked on the book. Foul language was the biggest complaint I had but still a great book.
This book was not as good as the rest and I should know because I own every book that she has on amazon
I love the writing and I am thrilled for Homer and to Gwen for rescuing him. It took a lot of time, patience and love on Gwen's part and trust on Homer's. I just felt that at times the book got off track and rambled on. All in all I am glad I purchased this book and it is a very heartfelt read
It was interesting in parts, but not a page turner. Interesting to hear about relationships she had. Janet T
Its OK -just not as good as most of this series. Sow in spots.
There were a lot of flip-flops in the story. The title makes sense more after reading the book than it did before I read it.
This book read like Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child whipped something up because they needed the money. . . . . .
This book is an encouraging jumpstart to help with memorizing the Bible. It is helpful but the real work is to read and repeat and also understand the word. It did not tell me anything I didn't already know to do. I never wanted to memorize the Bible, I just want to understand it and apply it to my life. I want to know scripture that applies to me and my life, and to get closer to God, and I don't feel the need to memorize entire books. I feel the Holy Spirit will guide you in studying and knowing the word of God.
This started out as a cute story, but took a sad turn. There is a lot of truth in the views of Fox 8, but it was depressing to read.
I found it hard to get into the story. Still haven't finished the entire book, which is extremely unusual.
My second book by this author represents just too much of real life being unfair to good people. An American Marriage was more eloquently written. This one lacks pacing, the first two-thirds lackluster, the last third compacting too much drama in a short space so that the story seems truncated and the characters feel incompletely elucidated. I was disappointed by this book and would be so to recommend it.
It's okay. Not a novel with great depth however.
A web of strange sad people all revolved around a sad therapist with the death of their children as a common denominator.
good characters, very british
I needed the reminders and inspiration contained in this special little edition of everything I always wanted to know about morning pages. I have started writing my own morning pages again, and finding I missed the habit, even though I haven't written them in years.
Enjoyable. Reminds me a bit of Jack Reacher. Tough ending what with Herron appearing to die from the Omega Strain yet appearing in Enclave. Will wait to see how he managed to survive. A bit hard to see the logic of having his daughter spared when the strain is going to kill everyone else. Pretty tough slugging for a six year old to survive when everyone else is dead. This could have been better thought out without using her at all.
I enjoyed the first book (1000 White Women) much more. I thought this was a bit flat compared to that. However, it was a decent read.
It was hard to get past the fact that her sister was previously married to her love interest. The build up of the romance was done just fine though.
The bones to a story are here for sure, but first it needs to be proof read and edited properly. April/Lisa the counselor; meaning both names used, countless botched sentences, timelines need to be scrutinized (takes an hour to drive somewhere but she is there instantly). I read Spilled Milk and it did not contain any of these grievances. This book feels hurried, fragmented and frankly I stopped reading it at the chapter about Jackson. I really wanted to like it. I could feel the story there, just got bogged down in the lack of attention to detail. Per say instead of per se. It just needs more work.
This was a very strange book. Just not my type of reading. It didn't make a whole lot of sense .
The biggest issue is the repetitive writing in parts near the beginning. Entire paragraphs are duplicated in various points in the ebook. Which disrupts the flow of reading.
I had already read it so didn't go too far. I find his books on Penn Cage Are much better if read in order.
I bought this book with the thought it was not going to be a sick romance with tons of sex scenes. If I had known I would have never gotten the book. I skimmed through many parts because it doesn't take six pages to describe sex. It actually takes away from the storyline the author has going. Instead of all the kissing and what not there could have been more suspense and action. the author builds up all this hype of the character going to the ball and she is not there for barely ten minutes it seems. The continued threat of the step mom with no follow through of any kind to show she was serious was another let down.
I found the writing boring and hard to finish the book!
This book is alright. I didn't find it life changing, but perhaps it will for you. Perhaps the best part of the book is in the last chapter where it states all the other awesome books on this topic.
I found the story a bit predictable, still it was a good read.
I was so excited & looking forward to reading this book. The book description sounded so good. A huge problem that I encountered is that on about every page or every other page there were words missing, whole sentences missing. At first, I thought it was just a random issue, a few pages but it continues throughout the entire book. I'm reading the book trying to guess what words or even sentences are missing that connect one page to the next. It was awful. The book, what I could read of it was good. I enjoyed all the characters. Liam, more than Clara. He was such a great guy once he finally admitted that he had feelings for Clara. Very swoon worthy! Always reassuring her, being patient. Loved him! I loved Clara's quirky ways. I really wish she wasn't so insecure & always felt like people had to like her or else. That is so unhealthy & unrealistic. This is my first book by a new to me author but I'm looking forward to checking out more of her books in the future.
Surprising twists abound in this story of family and friends during a stressful period of intensity in a family's life.
Slow book to start. Middle was ok. Interesting premise to base off a history channel show. Some good comedy. Open ending. Strange twist with Medusa head. Could have been better.
Ice Act One: Layla and Robert had an immediate attraction to each other, and act on it, even though there is a bit of a intrigue between them, regarding another hockey player. Layla is a strong female lead, and I grew to like her character quite a bit. Robert took me a bit longer. He didn't grab me as other hockey player leads have in the past. By the end I was anxious for there to be more information about Ethan and I felt a bit let down that that didn't go anywhere. There were many typos, but maybe they are fixed in the published edition. I hope so. Ice Act Two I enjoyed this story line much more. Ryan was introduced in Ice Act One and he is a good guy. Jamie is a Cafe owner and she was relatable and likable. Their connection was sweet and fun. This part of the story had more intrigue and it followed through to the end.
This Christian book gives interesting insight into the discernment of spirits, imagination and visions. Good alternative meanings of Hebrew and Greek words makes for interesting insight. For a better grasp of what Mel is saying I expect one would need to read several of his other books.
The story moves right along ,at times slightly hard to follow all the characters. A little different than her other books.I did enjoy it.
Good plot but extremely weak characters. Actions of the govt employer and military interaction was extremely unrealistic. Too bsd, has a good plot.
I just didn't care one bit about the main characters or the world they lived on. I skipped from chapter 15 to 36 to see how it ended and even than I was skipping through at high speed.
This book read too much like a repeat of several others in the genre. The relationship was too extreme as well, this followup seemed to lose some of the spark that the first book had with the H/H relationship. Too loooong as well. There was more action, but it wasn't useful action.
Good short story that is unnecessarily lengthened by repetitious recitals of mundane daily activities. I like the characters, but there is little development of any of them except for their interactions with the main character. Seems like there was a lot of time spent on recounting of daily activities without any concrete connection to the main story. Felt like it was filler.
Overall a sexy story with interfering elders. Belle & Logan took kinky sex to another level. Who knew love would come after experiencing heartache and insecurity issues. Recommend
Overall, Quinones' book was very interesting and I really liked the juxtaposition between the pharmacists and the heroin dealers. He treats them as independent entities, alternating his narrative back and forth throughout the book, however still manages to show how eerily similar they both were. That being said, I found the book very repetitive - he must have described the addict's transition from Oxy to heroin at least 15 times in 350 pages (or at least it felt like it). It became somewhat burdensome, and although I tried to tell myself that this was a symbolic narrative representation of the repetitive persistence of drug use and addiction, I found myself skimming quite a bit, especially towards the end.
Not as funny as the first book it had is moments Rosey came off as selfish spoiled brat Henry,s working his butt of and the minute he come home she jumps him she is still cute and nieve but a shellfish brat
Interesting history of NYC, with an interesting topic to keep it together, but seemed padded by too many oyster recipes and other oyster lore.
I enjoyed this book. Justin and Norah seemed perfect together. I love how the author weaves really good information about complexes and disabilities into her books without it overtaking the plot. I knocked two stars because of one main reason. I came into it expecting something really different just as her other books have been but was met with a similar storyline to a lot of other authors. What saved it for me were her authentic characters and the humor and knowledge she weaved throughout the story.
This book was middle of the road for me. I am not a gamer and the gaming aspects were ok and fortunately for me not too over the top. I just don't gaming... anyway.. the storyline was interesting but sometimes I felt it jumped around a bit. The slow burn romance was too slow for my liking as well. Gave the book 3 stars because the end of the book snagged my attention and I might actually consider reading the next one now whenever it comes out... the end of my book said later in 2018 but the book appears to have come out in 2019 sooo not sure when the next one is coming out :)
It was a typical light read! Lots of faith is expressed but not overwhelming. There are no lurid sex scenes. No violence.....just a simple story line perfect to while away a rainy afternoon.
Bella's book series continues with Violet and takes a few twists that (again) I found predictable and she kind of foreshadowed.
good for what it is : you get what you are looking for.
Humans may not have evolved on earth, yes, and that is the only chapter (chapter 2) that was worth my read. The rest is a collage of internet theories and bulleted list of supposed aliens, with the author's personal beliefs and speculations getting way way too much into the way. You might as well listen to bedtime stories on youtube about aliens or fairy tales or the Bible (as the author seems to take that crappy little book very seriously, at the exclusion of all other books written by mankind). Nothing new or original. Just a collage of mostly irrelevant bedtime stories spinned by couch potatoes
Good read, however, I am NOT a fan of what seems to be a trend in book series. Just give me one well written novel, with a beginning, middle and a satisfying ending.
The characters felt rather flat despite the length and psychological depth of the novel.
Enjoyed this book however, it stops abruptly and you have to buy The second and Third book to finish the tale. Can't find book 2. I prefer the whole story in one book and feel cheated not knowing the ending. This will be the last Chastity Brown book I read. Very disappointed!
Pretty well written but not my favorite type of story. It was ok.
Cute idea but weak story line. Not feeling compelled to read another, even though I live in Pittsburgh.
I don't know if it's due to the line - this was my first Howls romance - or just due to the story, but this book wasn't up to par with Ms. Chant's recent work. The plot was somewhat simplistic and predictable. I didn't really connect with any of the characters, nor did I feel there was any growth to them over the course of the story. The book wasn't terrible, but I was honestly expecting to enjoy it a lot more than I did.
This book was better than expected. The story is told from both Lana and Sean's povs. Lana is knocked up at the age of 17 by her next door neighbor Sean, who she has had a crush on since she was a child. After he takes her innocence, Sean tells Lana to keep what they did a secret. He walks out of her life and she doesn't know what to do or think when she discovers she is pregnant. Six years later she walks into Sean's life and decides she wants revenge for how he left her. After getting her revenge, Lana thinks that's it but Sean is determined to get her to work with him. She does agree but starts falling for him all over again the more time she spends with him. When he discovers she has a son, he doesn't think anything of it until Peter's age hits him and he realizes that he could be Peter's dad. When he confronts Lana on it, things go horribly wrong between them. Having to deal with finding out he has a son and trying to deal with his brother Tyler's alcoholism, Sean feels pulled into so many different directions. I was expecting more from the ending but it was ok
There was so much potential in the blurb but I struggled to finish the book.
Being a true southerner I am drawn to stories that tell the southern story accurately. This one starts out that way. We will see were it goes.
Surprise ending, many plot twists.
Some better than others. Still fun for a fast holiday read. Some were more intro to other books rather than stand alone short stories.
Interesting story and semi-detailed descriptions of sweat lodge experiences. The lack of a revenge motive was refreshing. It did seem to be a little juvenile in places but overall an entertaining read.
I love Black Panther as a character and I felt this book did him justice. I also liked the way the book showed the political struggle the panther had. However, Wakanda had nothing special about it outside of its metal. It looked like an average city with technology you'd find anywhere else. It would have been amazing to have better descriptions of the Wakandan world, filled with unique technology and a more African feel
I bought all three books in this series, all were a easy read however after the 1st book the plots were typical & discriptions were repeated over & over.
This book kept me turning pages, only to have the story re-told again from the perspective if each character; at some points the dialogue for each was verbatim. I'm not to happy with the ending. The quick synopsis of how each characters story ended felt almost as if there was a deadline that had to be met, so Morrison gave up on the extra 4 chapters that were needed.
I dont know what the hell I just read. It's was an ok book and that ending never saw coming.
Not a bad book and doesnt spend chapters upon chapters on sex scenes like some of the other books (it's still there just not as much). Brings up some good issues but spends far too many chapters on therapy issues. The worst part is that it is a zombie issue and Anita does not once try to use her powers until the end. They talk and talk about her being the zombie expert and most powerful necromancer but she never tries or even thinks to use her powers and no one thinks to suggest it despite how they talk about her using it in the past.
So a couple of things. This book is short. The main character talks about love a lot but is actually a horrifically abused woman with Stockholm syndrome that needs a ton of therapy. This book is not well written. This book is torture porn through and through. Lots of rape and murder. There is a plot with some twists in it but the author has a lot of plot holes which renders these twists more like deus ex machina rather than brilliant events. There are also a lot of grammatical errors and typos. I gave it three stars because I read the whole thing but it wasn't a big hit for me. Perhaps because it was so short helped me get through it. I like twisted stuff but this fell flat for me. Between the poor writing and the weak plot at the end it just wasn't a winner.
I liked the characters, though some parts were a bit predictable. But in the end, it was a pleasant story.
It was a little far fetched..i know miss Julia has money but the buying up of all these houses..and then the big Victorian house.. With no rent forthcoming..unrealistic. Did like the story line about the dog.
Very easy to read r rated you knew what was going to happen book. A very quick read if you're looking for that naughty bedtime story
A good look into the life and times of Shakespeare. Informative but brief. This was a transformative period in the history of the Western European world. The book provides a bit of insight into that time.
Run of the mill spy mystery. Had to work st finishing. Last Turner book for me for quite awhile period.
I know a lot of people love this book, but I felt the book started out really strong, but then sizzled out. Loved the first few chapters and I was intrigued about who and why, but for me the big time jumps and going back and forward in times, didn't work. It distracted me from the story and it was sometimes confusing. A lot of things were left unclear.
This book should be a thriller, but it doesn't deliver. It's hard to tell what he's trying to say because his phrasing is so clumsy, even incoherent at times. This is full of incorrectly used words, sentence fragments, misused commas, verb tense errors, spelling errors; and an instance where he notated a word with a trademark (TM) once, on the third or fourth mention of the word. The writing is very repetitive and annoying. The over-explaining of everything is distracting. This story does not flow. It's choppy. It was a good concept but not well executed. I liked the tech explanations. I enjoyed the references to Homer's Odyssey, and the Book of Job, because they fit in well and enhanced the story. The part about "what's meant to be" went in a good direction, but it needed smoothing out. I wish the main character's self-talk could have been more rational and more insightful. The author starts out with some kind of end-of-the-economy threat, but then focuses the plot around one man. The threat could have been more incorporated into what was happening to the people around him. I give it 2.5 stars.
while i can't exactly relate to the weak heroine, the action scenes were good. though not much plot or complexity in the book.
This just had something missing from it. Tags: blended-family, bw-wm, contemporary, domestic-abuse, humorous, erotic-romance, interracial, series, stalking, tortured-heroine, vindictive-ex
A very ugly story about a man with absolutely no boundaries, morals, scruples, or conscience that needed to be told, but the author should have had help with grammar, sentence construction and organization.
This story had a lot of potential to have a high rating from me. However, I will never be ok with a married hero taking other women out to events while he treats his wife horrid. Beckett found the error of his ways but it felt like it was too late. He did grovel tremendously which helped a bit. -no ow/om drama in the story but he took models and other women to events instead of his wife which brought this down a lot for me -no violence of any nature -lots of pushing away -no epilogue which was another reason for a lower rating- I NEED an epilogue in my stories
After the heroine slipped and fell for the third time on the same grease spill, I started skimming through the chapters. Silly, predictable with a lot of "funny" that felt forced. I added one star back because the story is clean, and I do appreciate authors who write romance without relying on sex scenes. Still, this story was just too fluffy for my tastes.
For the most part it was a good story, but some of the main characters were weak in definition, and the story line was hard to follow at times, especially as to who was speaking, and if they were referencing past or current events.
Island Games by Caleb Boyer would make a fun read for adolescents. I was mostly impressed by the author's age and his vivid imagination. The plot is centered around two young boys who find themselves on a mysterious island with no memory of how they got there. On this mysterious island the boys encounter several obstacles and monsters too! They are left with only one choice and that is to fight for their survival. Although the actual age of the boys is not revealed anywhere in the story, they are two likable characters who demonstrate the importance of teamwork.This book contains quite a few valuable lessons and as a parent I would recommend it. Island Games is a nice mixture of the genres science fiction, coming-of-age and adventure. As an adult reader, my expectations were not fully met. While there were several back to back adventures and obstacles, the story did not excite me all the way through. Nonetheless, young readers should enjoy this book far more than I did since the book is appropriate and better suited for a younger audience.
I love thriller and mystery books. And this story started really promising. But that lasted only until about 30% into the book when the killer and his secret were revealed. After that the book was about a guy killing bunch of people and police trying to catch him. Very predictable and quite violent. The main character, Alex Madison, was not very likeable either.
Bought (Highest Bidder Book 1) was a good book. I liked to two main characters and the introduction other characters to lead the other stories in this series.
i LOVE this series. mostly the the audible books. Nathaniel Parker is the best. and i couldn't wait for Oscar to visit. but this was a disappointment. and i can only hope that Betty leaves for good this time. she has too many issues and is a big baby.
I love her stories, even if I don't agree with her "awareness" for other things. I also wish there was less language in it so I could recommend to my students.
I'm not impressed, it was slow getting into it then leaves you with a cliff hanger..that I hate!! Everyone has their opinion.
I thought the plot interesting and unique and liked how the author wove it all together in her story. I did feel there was far too much graphic sex passages that really were not necessary to make this a nice read. I usually just gloss over but it seemed I had to do it more than usual. That is the reason I went with this rating.
Story line was good . But difficult to read . Too many peripheral stories that crowded what could have been a beautiful story . Silly at times.
It was OK, not the best writing. Like the premise of an Empire hiding a dark past, a entire race wiped out by men, another group of men trying to bring back the lost race. But the writing drags at times. The main character doesn't grow very fast. He has awesome powers and won't take responsibility for any humans or pick a side until he meets a little girl. Then his humanity starts to glimmer. But unlike Gary Darby's Hooper's Dragons series, where I couldn't wait to start reading, I found myself slogging through the story.
I am sooooo mixed when trying to rate this story. On one hand the writing is not good...it's choppy, scattered, repetative, and even juvenile at points. Everything that in any other book would make it difficult for me to finish the book. On the other hand I totally fell in love with Smiley and Adeline. Everything about them made me continue flipping the pages. She lived through hell and came out shining. I'm not sure if I can continue withe this series due to the writing, but I did enjoy this story.
In the beginning the book was okay... Then in the middle it got a LITTLE juicy and then the ending wants to be a little ***** and end this way...Im pissed because Im over here thinking that one Raven does what she needs to do that she and Christian would be an official item..but NOOOOO... This book is getting a 3 star because of the ending!!!!
I have enjoyed the story line of this series but the language gets more crude with each book. Dropping the f-bomb so much not only dilutes it's effectiveness, it also makes the characters seem ignorant and low class. It comes across as lazy writing. Sorry 😐
Nora Roberts books are so enjoyable. I learned about a cult and how unhappy people can be drawn into it.
I liked it she has a gift for telling, room for growth in character development. It was a fast read almost felt like a short story, but I am committed to finishing the series.
The chemistry is on fire and they are just hot hot hot. I wish there was just more explanation of the revelation Lucian came to and more in depth of how his walls came down and he knew he could Love again..
I enjoyed the story. It will be interesting to watch Jade grow.
Nice thing was most of the Crimes we're unfamiliar to me. Wasn't fond of the trickery user with the suspects.
I GOT SO INVOLVED IN THE STORY THAT LITTLE DID I REALIZE THAT 10 BOOKS WAS JUST A TEASE. THERE ARE MANY MORE TO THE SERIES WHICH I'M SURE ARE JUST AS GOOD. BUT I CAN,T AFFORD TO PAY $2.99 FOR 59 PAGE BOOKS. I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW IT ENDS PLEASE?
This has all the makings of a Hallmark movie. Lots of emotion throughout and a mostly happy ending. Little to no character development,however, but a fairly fast read.
Lots of suspects and twists and turns!!!
This was a pretty good book. It certainly kept my attention. Though I would have liked to see more "variation" in the experiences of the characters.
Too much sex, lots of violence, some quite disgusting, lots of twists ant turns. Plenty of action . The story kept the readers attention too much going on to set up the main character for a series of stories
This is the first in the series of Berry Springs romantic suspense novels. This is not as good as the others. The suspense is there, but it is not a tightly woven. There wasn't much depth to any of the characters. The ending was a HFN. I still enjoyed reading it.
this is not a complete story. I really hate it when you read a book that ends but the story is not finished. You have to purchase the next book for the complete story. This really stops me from even thinking about purchasing any more books from the author
This book features a likable couple, and they have a lot of hot scenes -- but it just seemed to me like they were more in lust than in love. I just didn't believe they knew each other well enough to fall in love that quickly, especially since they both had been hurt in other relationships that ended badly. I did really like that Derek was such a great uncle, and how he adored his sister's kids.
Not nearly as good as the John Dies at the End books. I just couldn't help thinking the whole time how implausible it all was. Serial killers live-stream their attacks (to millions of fans) and aren't instantly surrounded by police. Terrorists with super-weapons announce their plans and when they show up they aren't instantly shot by snipers. A lawless libertarian dystopia where people get killed on the streets exists openly within the USA. And the protagonist is absurdly unaware of any of this. She has to be to provide an excuse for it all to be explained to us, but she must have been living literally under a rock. It's a pretty fun read, but none of it makes any sense if you think about it even a little bit, and a lot of humour falls flat. In light of Wong's other books, this one is a disappointment.
It is an okay book. I have read better books and I have read worse books on real estate. There are some good nuggets of info.
I can usually finish a book, but not this one...
The book started out as a slow read. I wanted to be be invested in the characters but I never really was. It was often as sleepy as the town it was portraying. The ending was interesting, and the recipes sounded divine, so I wasn't a total bust.
I liked the facts presented by the author. It is clear that the author had a angle that he was going for and that came across. Very factual and not dramatized in the least. I would have enjoyed a little more drama and the book might have been a bit more interesting if the author had woven into the story a few more facts about the crew and the storm itself. An interesting read though.
This book has a collection of projects aimed at people with no or little sewing experience: scarves, blankets, hats, mittens, wraps, stuff for dogs and pets, pillows and tote bags, and Christmas decor. Most of the projects have at least one photo, most often of the completed project. Some photos are out of focus, but still give you some idea of the project looks like. I only found a couple of interesting ideas. Overall, the projects are pretty simple and have a home spun look. Ali Julia review
This book is well written, and I was going to give it 4 stars, until the end. Seriously!?!? I can't stand it when a book just suddenly ends. Did he have a heart attack? Did Isaac makes it out of his coma? (Does the dream come true, or does it symbolize they both end up in apple tree heaven together?) Frustrating to not have closure.
This book has to many chapters that do not move the story forward. Even Stephan King get edited. The stand was over a thousand page as written. published at around seven hundred. The story is very good, just try not to waste your reader time by keep superficial chapters.
You people should just read this book yourselves and write your own review on this novel yourself and I really enjoyed reading this book very much so. Shelley MA
This was a somewhat boring read. Some of the letters were interesting but most of them were not very . I think you would "have to be there".
I had high hopes after reading Ready Player One. Armada kind of let me down. I found the first half boring and all but the last chapter predictable. I had to force myself to finish it.
Decent read but rather slow at times
I quite enjoyed this young adult story but the last chapter seems to completely change the accepted situation then the book ends!
Not really gripping, even though it is set in an interesting place and time. The characters just didn't engage me. And the plot seemed overly complicated and simultaneously flat. Some writers just don't convey the personalities as vividly as they handle settings.
Her books are all the same but at least this one has a happy ending.
Great insight into being close to and protecting the personal lives of several Presidents, but the book goes into too much detail and dissatisfaction on the way the Secret Service is managed for me.
This book was readable but no surprises. Got kind of borrowing. Good to just pass time. I would read another of her books on hopes of her fulfilling the promise her writing gives.
The writing style is very of it's time, and a bit flowery to read. An interesting little story, but I came away feeling like I lacked some of the context necessary to get everything out of the story.
Well written with lots of twists, but became a treatise on Japanese/American relations. I learned quite a bit about the Japanese and their thinking but it became so repetitive that I couldn't wait to be done.
A scorching read, but severely lacking in character development and redemption. Even with an excellent grovel, I couldn't let go of how awful the H acts throughout the entire book.
Easy read. Amazing story. The ending was perfect. Life doesn't always work out as you expect and this book hills that truth.
The story of the actual crime was well written. I could have done without reading one of the child killer/rapist's diatribe. I'm sorry I paid for that part and skipped over it. I have no interest as to why those two savages did what they did, their past, etc. It's a poor reflection on the author of an otherwise interesting book to include that drivel. Perhaps a second edition will leave that out?
It was OK. But fairly predicable.
I was so caught up I practically tossed my iPad across the room when it ended so abruptly..... could have set up something and provided a softer landing.
Wasn't sure since this was a new author for me. This was a good introduction.
OK, Not a big fan of his lead character.
content is not so good. I want to know Japanese
After reading the trilogy about Shepard and Claire and then the prelude to this story and now this I have a fair understanding of the world these stories are set in. It is an interesting world, but I have to say that this Dome seems worse then the one that Shepard destroyed. The book starts with a rape scene in public, allows for a wife to be set aside for other mates, the man choose how the Omega acts, and Betas are essentially slaves in this Dome. I did enjoy seeing Shepard and Claire and seeing how they are doing...the ending of their trilogy was so sad, so it was great to see that while not great they are working on being better. Jacques seems to be a master manipulator and I am interested to see how these work out with what he did to Jules in the future.
Don't remember the book and have given it away. What I do remember was that parts of it were very good but not enough. I have read many many many of these types of stories. Some are outstanding and others are completely horrible. Outlander is the best of the best by far.
Interesting and written with an understanding of character and history but a few too many stories in one. Would have enjoyed a more focused approach.
Good summer read. Characters are like able although a little shallow. Writing leaves a little to be desired as grammatical errors and misuse of words distract from content. But if you like crime fiction with female law enforcement officers, you will enjoy this.
I really liked the plot. Interesting ending. I would like a more definite pattern when switching from present to past.. The book needs a little more proofreading. Writer definitely has potential.
Okay read. A little too much time was spent in the character's mind and emotional state - kind of repetitive and didn't add much to the story line once you got a feel for it.
Good plot, and good characters as well... it's just missing something to bring it all together.
series continues to be well written and interesting
Respect for the Native American culture was evident throughout. The protagonist, however, was neither sympathetic nor insightful.
I didn't see much of anything new in this book. Perhaps it is good to be reminded of old ideas.
This series of stories was somewhat difficult for me to read. I don't think I ever figured out what was happening or where the story line was going. The characters did not seem to click with me and I never did get comfortable with them. I'll probably not read any more of these books.
O love this series and was very excited to read it but I felt let down with this one
If you're not into horse lingo it is a hard book to read, thus the 3 stars. I enjoyed it but sometimes I just wanted her to go on with the story.
Parts were amusing, but no plot development below the surface. Not really romantic, more soft porn. The author seems more into shock, than developing some human interest.
Different viewpoints from five characters. This allows both insight and sometimes confusion. Sometimes actions by the characters seem only to connect the dots of the plot line but not add too much to the entire story. I found this to be a harder read than some of his other books. I will read the second in the series if for no other reason than to find out how Scott pulls all of this together
Prequel to Dory's story. There's not much mention of her dad until the end. Lots of chasing and running with some fight scenes between people and reptiles. Okay.
I got the audio book, but any full aged adult can figure this information out.I have read better books. it was well written.
The story is mildly entertaining so I don't regret buying it. However, I selected this because it was listed as a manga title and instead it's a light novel with a few manga style drawings for art.
Enjoyed this book with the intricate scientific details. It isn't so much a thriller as it is a medical mystery.
This was a slow read for me. I had to put it down and come back to it. Ali was a really smart girl, who let her smart mouth and disobedience get her and her father in trouble. Not to mention almost ruin her mother and father's relationship. There were a lot of holes in the plot. I wanted to read about all of them as a family (when the baby was born). Also, we never got to read the reaction of Dom's mother and grandmother to Ali and not having known about her for 11 years. There were too many things left unsaid!
This book was okay; I've never read an MC book that was so sugary sweet to sweet actually. It was so repetitive!! Entire sentences and scenarios repeated constantly. And can we say INSTALOVE!! They were in love at 5% 🤷🏽‍♀️ But Amelia was a hoot there were plenty of funny bits 😂
Part 1 of the report presented a great deal of information about Russian interference in US elections. It outlined specific receptivity of this interference by Trump campaign but failed to make clearly understood conclusions. Part 2 was more clearly presented and made a strong case(s) of obstruction. However, the report did not succinctly tie the two parts together to explain the relationship between Russia and Trump. It was difficult to read because of significant levels of redacted information and appeared to end before the investigation finished.
I was drawn to this book by Mayer Pete's biography; once one gets past his unconventional resume, however, the big message seems to be about competence and technical fixes to problems. That's a great vision for a mayor or a cabinet secretary, but the idea that being smart and hardworking is qualification enough to be president shows low low the bar has sunk. Sadly, the further I read in the book the less interesting and the less impressive Mr. Buttigieg became.
I chose this rating because the story was good but when his house was broken into , I just didn't think his actions were normal. He didn't get the least bit upset and I would think anyone would be. Not to the point of hateful anger but something at least.
Characters were good I hate cliffhangers. Unexpected twist in story
It's a very touchy subject and the author does a good job covering both sides. Not sure I completely agree with all of his beliefs but that is one reason why Christianity is so powerful. There are many interpretations. End of the day his point is clear, God loves all his children.
I guess I expected better. Do not like format. Too confusing. Struggling to finish
Kinda surprised where Katie took this story. I thought the Black ops angle was so random for these two, having read the rest of the series. I was super excited for this book but just wasn't into this storyline. I thought there would be more tension with respect to Vega's parents since they're best friends but that doesn't really factor in, and I thought it would've been a stronger plot point than this whole vision thing that serves as the romantic hurdle. I was in love with the first few books of this series but it seems to be dwindling now.
Not well edited and kind of cheesy
Story was ok, but the characters, for one reason or another, just didn't really work for me. There are attempts at chemistry, but not successful. I felt I was always at a distance from the story itself.
Scarlett, the No-Fun-Nun, has woken up from her wild, one-night stand in Vegas. She was a children's book author that just had sex with Gavin Bain, famous rock n' roll star. And if that wasn't shocking enough, she also realized that she married him in Vegas. Yikes! So she became a Bride on the Run, and it was captured on film all over the media. He needed to save his bad boy image for his record deal. She needed to spice up her good girl rep and money to help out her father. Could the two stay married and pretend to be in love? I liked that the characters felt real and endearing. Story was well-written and easily-read, however, it gets a little slow, turning mediocre towards the ends. Life of a husband/wife on a TX farm was not all that stimulating. I mean, an author and a rock star were like oil and water. But I guess this would be an okay romance.
I personally did not enjoy this book. Well written and would probably appeal to those who enjoy this type of story but definitely not my cup of tea.
All over disapointing for Lack of action.
If you love romance and need a break from your day, this is for you! A nice short read. You will fall for the story of Ethan and Nadine. Just as they start to fall for each other! I'm looking forward to reading the next chapter of their lives and how Nadine takes care of business and the evil Sandra...
I read the whole story in my leisure period. It's an average story but not so bad. Author try to give the best user experience for the reader. The story about the love and the family is sizzling romance.
It's an okay book, definitely not as good as her other books. There wasn't much character/story development.
I chose three stars because I felt like this wasn't Mimi Jean's best work. No comedy, the sec scene was scarce, and no real romance. Miriam was not a well developed character. Maybe she will get more depth in the next book? Lulu for a 2,000 year old vamp sounded like a whiney kid. Not attractive or likable at all. As for Michael he sounded wishy washy. He pl likes her, then he doesn't love anyone. Blah, blah, blah. Vampire assistant did get 3 stars because it was a good story line. I liked the mystery and how well it was paced. I also have a love/hate relationship with cliffhangers. Ahhh!
Had problems holding my attention
While I would love to do all that Scott did it appears that others paid the price. To me that suggests he was very selfish. It reflects total disregard for his immediate family.
A Japanese school girl is killed (we are not told how) and reincarnated as a baby [giant] spider in a dungeon full of monsters. This is a 'traditional' dungeon: It is full of monsters (the ecology isn't required to make sense), the deeper you go the worse the monsters get, and if you kill monsters you accumulate experience - until you level, and gain improved skills and/or abilities. It's silly but fun to read, and the spider is an engaging character. (The book has two formats. The "light novel" doesn't have much art work, but has about twice as much story.) A sequel comes out in March, and I plan to read it.
Although I enjoyed reading these short stories, I was very much thrown off by the fact that a lot of these stories would not be considered horror of even thrillers. When I purchased this anthology I was expecting horror or scary stories. Stories dealing with the supernatural in a chilling way. A good portion were, many were not. I would categories some as being sci fi or urban fiction, which felt odd to me seeing as this anthology is marketed a horror/scary one. Again, all were enjoyable, entertaining, and or interesting in there own ways - my issue is the inconsistency in this themed collection.
For the re release I received a copy through Netgalley. I really wanted to love this book, hot cop on the cover could never be bad. But, Cade and Katrina just didn't seem to fit the way I thought they should. She should have been grittier and tougher, not just aggressive sexually. He didn't have the depth to his story that I would have expected from a Marine. The story sort of jumped around, periods of time advanced quickly within a page, leaving out details that I wanted. It an interesting storyline, creative and steamy.
It was cute and I liked the twist that was thrown in there. I'm glad it was short. I wouldn't say I was in love with the book
I appreciate what She Ra does for women. I just wish the book could have been a little longer. 😊
Linked the characters and the story plot. The story ending was a surprise with a different twist to the outcome.
I read her other book and really liked it so I was excited about this, but was disappointed. It was pretty boring. I like to read to escape my life, not hear some fictitious character complain about her job, husband and kids. I read the whole thing but wished I could get my time back.
Dear Michaela Green, who told you to stop writing/telling this story? I stuck with the 2 dimensional stereotypical Jewish characters and as another review said became emotionally invested. This is not a clever ambiguous what happens to our heroine ending. This was a mistake to leave us wondering if Finn is a snake? If Rachel unpacks her boxes. you needed another three paragraphs at the least. was the sex even good. i was ready to recommend this book but now I can't. You need a better editor.
I didn't think this book was a Young Adult book when I purchased it. At least that is how it seems to me. I did like how it was written and how a faceless boy could communicate through telepathy, but his powers were a little over the top. The first half of the book was good, but I had a hard time reading the second half as it was repetitious.
I like these books, but the reason I am only giving it 3 stars is because the first 2 books were just okay. It seemed like the writing was all over the place and the storylines had a lot going on. Not sure if this was the author's first books but it didn't seem that polished or directive. I felt like I had to go back and refresh every couple of pages to follow up what was going on. Also the chapters are super long! It felt like I was reading forever before I got to a new chapter. But once you get to know the characters and see how they intertwine, the next 4 books are great. I really enjoyed them and the stories and writing got better with each book. I would recommend if you can get through the first couple of books.
I was disappointed with the 2nd book. I was not as engaged in this world as in the 1st book. Too much mental anguish. I get it, there will be all the insecurities that come with betrayal, but it just kept going to the point where I didn't want to continue reading. I thought it needed more of the political machinations and what was happening with the immortals in the realm.
Most of the time I enjoyed the book, but at others I felt maybe I had missed something. Main character, Frannie, seemed at times to not be so likeable. At times I had to go back a few pages to see if I missed something. With her Mother, who she found out was not her real Mother, I felt she could have had more compassion for the circumstances, and involved her in more of their years together. I have enjoyed other books by this same author more than this one.
okay but fairly predictable
I don't really know if I looked this book or not. I'm undecided. It was ok but I kind of expected more with all the great reviews it's gotten.
This was a good read. The development of Jakob's character has been fascinating. I think I enjoyed the "better" side of the hangman; without the gore of his work. His daughter sure has become a strong character as well.
This book is not an easy read. It is filled with in-depth documentation on the battle. Many times the data is stated several times in different places in the book. The documentation of the timeline of this battle shows just how tough an engagement this was in the history of WWII in the pacific.
Ok, the story wasn't bad, but I get so rubbed the wrong way when my kindle shows I'm only 69% of the way thru the book but it's at THE END! That just makes me super mad, like I've been jipped. Why would I now buy the sequel when I know that will just happen again. Not gonna happen. Fool me once and all that. Just be honest and tell the reader the true length of the book.
A pretty good story, but didnot live up to expectations
I liked this story, but there were just too many random details that didn't add to or enhance the story at all. I rolled my eyes too many times at the characters.
I realize that this is a young adult book, but i expect more maturity in the writing. Also it is in need of a good editor. Misspellings and in one instance a word was completely missing causing the sentence to end awkwardly.
This was a sad tale of a child with serious mental illness whose condition was ignored or hoped would just eventually resolve by loving, seemingly naive, adoptive parents. There was too much repetition of drug abuse and allowing it to continue unabashed. It was interesting to learn of the miracle of finding her birth mother but even in that, it left the reader empty, only wanting to skim through most of the book though touched by the undying efforts of a mother to unconditionally love her child.
It is an okay read but I kept getting irritated that the lead character could be so stupid.
I'm still not sure l understand what was going on in this book. I guess it was an exploration of reality and wishful thinking but the point escaped me. Fun read though.
I can't help but like the main character and the writing is good. It has a western noir feel that I like.
Passion and Ink by Naima Simone is a forbidden romance light. Specifically the hero and heroine are technically step-siblings, but they meet again after many years and don't recognize the other and they definitely didn't grow up together really. Which is really the only way to do a step-sibling relationship, in my opinion. I'm not good with forbidden romance, tbh. But anyway, I actually thought this was less steamy than Naima Simone's usual and I didn't like it quite as much as I've liked some of her others. That said, it is Naima Simone, so it's still really good and the sexy stuff is quite sexy.
It was just a little too long. Even though it is history, it was boring which most of his books of this series are not.
It drags on sections and gets far too bogged down in specific,, often technical detail, but the characters shine and the relationships ring true.
Don't quite understand the title. It kind of sounds like if I can't have you, no one can..but its really not like that at all. both coming from bad breakups so understandably cautious, but I guess I didn't feel the draw or pull between the two characters. Just my take on it but it was written well enough. not hard to read through
Winters is nothing if not thorough... Good plot - just overly long in my opinion. How many epilogues does a book need?
Rating: 3.5 Stars SINFUL PLEASURES is the story of Miss Amelia Knight, a young heiress who must secure a husband if she has any hope of gaining the inheritance her grandmother has promised to provide upon her marriage to one of the few select lords she has chosen. Upon arriving in London from Scotland however, she takes a trip to the slums of St. Giles in search of an old childhood friend who might be in trouble... Forced back to London after the death of his brother, Richard, the Earl of Blackthorn, wants only to settle his family debts and fulfill a deathbed promise. Needless to say, rescuing a damsel in distress and finding a wife were not part of the plan. But when danger comes knocking at his fiancee's door he must not only confront his demons, but consider the prospect of opening his soul to the amazing woman who's stolen his heart... I have to admit that I did like this story for the most part, but if you're a stickler for historical accuracy then this one may not be for you. Believability was an issue for me, as well as the fact that a relatively innocent miss was able to trot around Regency England with nary a maid, groom, or any other type of chaperone for the majority of the telling. I also noticed way too many typos, at least forty or more would be my guess. I did like the romance between Amelia and Blackthorn though, and I also liked them as individuals. There were even a few plot twists that included some very sad events, although I didn't feel as emotionally invested as I should have. Overall I think this story could be made better with a little editing, but I do think the author has potential and I'll probably give the next book in this series a try when it comes out.
This book did have some revealing and perhaps original information on what causes people to form habits. This information was very helpful. I just felt the part that was valuable was repeated over and over again via different antidotes. For me it was just too repetitive.
As a long time Dresden Files fan, the quality of this series (story and production) is not up to par, in my opinion. I have actually contacted the production team with a list of corrections over the course of the series. They have been gracious and apologetic. So I give them credit for that. In conclusion, I will always be a Dresden fan and customer, but I will be unhappy and disappointed if the quality remains at the level it is currently at.
I can usually guess what's going to happen but in the case with this book I was totally taken by surprise again and again. I really loved the book and would definitely recommend it. I thought it a little slow at first but after that the story picks up and it more than makes up for it. If you like Ghost stories, this one will keep you guessing.
This is a 2-3 star review.... the story was just OK. The author's train of thought was hard to follow and conversation between characters was very jumpy. I did feel that all the lose ends were tied up. The climactic part of the story was far fetched. Just OK.
Good yarn. I was bored with the lists of names such as people he knew Good read though. On to the next book.
I'm confused. If this book is the one about the dealer i Navajo art who is murdered very early in the book, then it is the one I finished reading this morning. I found this book very herky=jerky. It did not flow smoothly or make it easy to follow the characters. The money could have been spent on a better written tome.
Matteo and Bella have know each other for hears. Bella has always love Matteo but he left her to join the seals. He was also drawn to her , but thought of her as his sister's little friend . His father expected him to breather as another sister . Matteo's father has a stroke , so he leaves the Navy to come home and run the family business . A old seal commander call to ask him to help catch a terrorist . Ella and Matteo must work together to stop a sleeper cell of bad guys . Love blooms again between them .
ok. Not great but not terrible. Read better but read a lot worse. Not sure I would read another. Pretty pricey for mediocre book.
His understanding of tech is amazing and the politics of the space culture are fascinating. But the characters aren't equally engaging. So I liked it, but it took a while to finish. The ending was great, when I finally got there.
Interesting concept and twist to the story. Too bad the editing is so bad it interferes with the story! Very lite read.
It seemed like the author was in a rush to finish Book 4 of this series. I have read the other books and was anxious to finish the books. This one was a little redundant in parts and some of the pieces did not quite fit together. It will be interesting to see how the next book will be, as this one ended with a lead into the next
I am not a fan of cliffhangers at all. I read this book because I find the subject matter fun and intriguing. There is no real twist or threat to make the story interesting. It is too wrapped up in a nice bow for you. I am going to read the second book to see if it gets better.
The other ones were better.
This was a good book and I enjoyed the plot, but it took a little too long to wrap it up.
I have to admit I was exhausted just reading this book. Can't imagine what condition the author was in after writing it! While it was fun to read and interesting to see inside the Greek culture?, I found myself angry at the end. EVERYBODY and every story line was left dangling over the blue waters of Greece. Not satisfying in the least.
I really loved Gage's character in the first two books of the Deadly Beauties with Alyssa. When I read this was going to be his story of course I was salivating! I really wasn't ever a huge fan of Kane despite being where the earlier series ended up so I was beyond excited to see my favorite, Gage, fall in love. However, I'm very sad to say it wasn't really redeemable after how things ended in the Deadly Beauties original series. I always saw Gage as the hopeless romantic I mean he did so many things trying to obtain Alyssa's love... He doesn't do even a fraction of that for Kimber. He pushes her away, has her the first time at a succubus induced party, he doesn't seem to return her love despite us hearing how he falls in love so deeply, I didn't feel it. (Hearing about his first two loves could have been used to propel his love for Limber but instead it felt like those two loves were greater romances than his love for Kimber.) If that makes sense, I more felt like I was being told he was deeply in love. Kimber was a pretty good character, except I felt embarrassed for her more times than I could count. I'm just not sure C. M. Owens did the best thing by making Gage end up with Kimber, Alyssa's adopted sister. He loved Alyssa and I think if she had ended up with Gage & Kane it would have been better. Honestly this entire book I just felt bad for Kimber like she was an Alyssa stand in. In the book Gage actually says "We've been here for two weeks, and Kimber is more mine than anyone has ever been." I'm not sure why that sentence put me off so much, I guess because he really just wanted someone to love him back so badly he'd accept anyone. It felt like for once he wanted someone to love him more than he loved them... Poor Kimber. Ugh. This was not my favorite, I just don't think Gage should have had his own story not with the lengths he went through to get another woman in the other books. But hey that's just my opinion, if you haven't read those then you won't see the same things & you might genuinely enjoy this book. Overall though, it made me a little sad, I never quite felt Kimber was the love of Gage's life despite how the author tried to tell us she was... Idk 2.5 stars for me. One last thing I never minded the "smirk" thing in the first series but every other sentence had someone smirking or winking. It became a bit over the top. Still love C. M. Owens and I'll read Thad's story but I might stop there if things don't get a bit more exciting.
This was a great story, and in parts, funny as hell. Both of the protagonists were likeable, and meshed together in a believable way, considering the whole 'mail-order bride' set up. (I really loved Beau and his slow steamy ways...lol). The side characters were a hoot, even though I thought that some of their behaviors and antics were a little over-the-top (i.e. stereotypical hillbillies). I did find it odd that Beau had formed an opinion of his cousin's friend without knowing anything about the poor, very unattractive man, when he stated on two occasions that Ennis was uglier on the inside than he was on the outside...where did that come from? Anyway, 'The Tennessee Mountain Man' was an enjoyable, entertaining read. 3.5 stars.
For me, it was an OK read. Not sure if I would have selected it, but it was free from Samsung.
I liked the seal team members and the heroine as a master diver in training. I did not like the rope therapy
Disappointed. It felt like they were more in their teens than being in their late 20's from the way it was written. Too much back and forth. Too much repeated words.
Love the setting, character, concepts - all very engaging. After reading the first book, happily pre-ordered this one. Story doesn't disappoint. $10 for 160 pages - not so wonderful. I read the "book" in just over an hour. Had it been $4.99 I would have felt ok, but also would have thought marketing as novella more accurate.
I'm not a Danielle Steel reader but was intrigued by the suspense aspect of the book. Unfortunately for me it fell short. It was very predictable and the characters were superficial. I skipped through much of the reading because it was repetitious.
Dare I say it? It was boring. The Italian mystery was weak and the constant change of pace between Italy and England quite jarring. The ending just does not cut it. And we are left with a cliff-hanger of a sort to the tune of 'what will the baby color be " Still, I plodded through and will undoubtedly get the next installment - though it could well be the last for me if there is no improvement.
But too much 'not telling' - why didn't she state who she was at the beginning or, at least, soon after? why didn't she state why she & Emma were there in that part of the forest? why didn't he ask why/how she got there? And since there was only 1 man who understand 'some' English' how was he able to tell the Chief what the man was saying? Why did she never say anything to him 'talking' with the other female? And why was she so stupid to believe the other man? Too much unreal.
Easy reading, fast paced and the good guys win! Will definitely read more of the series and of the author
This is informative in a simplistic manner. It is great that we are offered something to shed light on a dark chapter of history. But it feels like the author cut and pasted together two dozen Wikipedia entries and called it a book.
This book seemed more for teens then adults,but it was a cute read,I like all the creatures in this book
Some interesting history of the area but not a lot that I didn't already know from other similar books on this area and era.
This is my least favorite of the series. Totally unrealistic. No Mother would let her kids run around on a campus with a murderer lose. Too many things were too "out there."
I have read this second, very well-written, very short story in just 90 min. Can't give it a higher eating as it is not a novel. But, is very good.
Not sure just trying to get out of this so I can get to the home page. No more please!
It lacks good explanations to the workout and diet.
Too funny and too short. The disappointing thing is that he didn't talk much about the background of his movies. I was hoping to hear about the productions and behind the scenes items. But, it was quite funny and very blunt.
I like my protagonists to at least have some semblance of positive qualities other than beauty. It was hard to root for Allie.
It's okay. I expected some kind of story but it seems like just a bunch of ads for other comics. Granted I don't know much about digital comics.
This book was good enough that I did finish it. If a book can't keep my attention, I just won't. It has some fun characters, and enough unique ideas that I did enjoy it. It was a little generic, and could be a little silly sometimes. There were too many different races. It seemed like every new character was a different races.
Nicely written but it is redundant. Listen to the recordings between Amber and Scott and it's one in the same.
The story was cute and quick, easy to read. This would be perfect for a teen or young adult without a lot of time. I wish the characters were fleshed out a little more and the whole story was longer - which is a good thing... I wanted more! I'd read this author again.
i loved the first book. it was great, but as i progressed i started to dislike them. they became boring and stupid. the plot lines were all jumbled up and the grammar was off. i mean i might be 13 but i am writing a novel that people say is going to be big, i think i know when something is not right. yes i dont know everything but being in a very advanced reading and writing level makes me at least know somes facts. it is a good book though if you like this kind of stuff. it was an off-trail for me.
Not for me. I can see this we would appeal to a much younger person.
The book tells you in the first paragraph the way things are generally going to go, but the journey isn't at all how I'd have thought it would be. It's not a particularly long or intellectual read, but I enjoyed it. Good for fans of short thrillers.
The plot of this story was great, however I felt that it was easy to become lost in the narrative.
Just hard to get into it didn't want to keep reading it
Well written story. Maybe I have read to many thrillers but I knew what she was up to straight away. Nice twist in the story. Overall a good read.
I am ambivalent about rating this book. Although the author introduced a new candidate and motive for the murders (and apparently a real person according to the notes) the book is basically just a regurgitation of the victims' histories and facts of the cases. The resolution was interesting but, if you have any knowledge of the actual crimes, it seemed like a somewhat lazy endeavor.
I wish the charaters were more fleshed out and we were given more details about their lives before they met. This book seems rushed and abrupt . Clearly this book isn't for me, but you may like it. Happy Reading!
Got a little long at times but a good story. Enjoyed the cooking tips. Interesting about not making tomato sauce in an iron pot. I never did, but now I have a reason not to.
I did read it to the end, but very confusing story Lots of loose ends, just not sure I want to dive into another one (story)
The book has a lot of content. From presentations skills, to how to communicate to our customers, to how to delegate to other. It gives good high-level overview of each element of business communication. It gives a good overview of each facet of communication and provides practical tips. The layout is useful and some of the examples provided support the presented suggestions. The book needs a good editing. 1) Less is more. Because the book touches on some many different forms of communication, it doesn't really gets deep into each form. Which is a shame. If some sections where left out, other sections could be explored more deeper. 2) In ever chapter, it's been mentioned that the author works for a training company. This is becoming annoying as it feels you're reading a brochure. It diminishes the book. 3) Some paragraphs are repeated as highlight sections. Word for word. Which means some text is listed double.
This is a interesting little story with a secret. Wheat us Mr. Hoops really doing with all that sand? Great pictures
This book is designed for a caregiver in a group home setting. Not for someone that is taking care of an elderly parent with dementia. The author has some good points but overall the book did not provide anything I didn't already know.
This book had some realistic and well-written characters and plot lines. I liked Mary and her family as well as Kurt. I recommend for someone who is looking for a short sweet Roma.
it just reminded me off your average hallmark movie
It took me a long time to get into this story. Like, half the book at least. But the last half was interesting.
3 stars because I got halfway through and found the writing so poor that I almost put it down (and put myself out of misery). Way too many random thoughts that do not make for a good plot builder. Impossible to follow. I am a stickler for organized writing that paints a mental picture that readers can build on, characters you can fall in love with, one that's too interesting to put down, that has an actual climax and awesome ending, and leaves you craving more. This book has none of that, although after suffering through (because I hardly ever quit on a book), I was vaguely satisfied with the ending. Sadly, I do not recommend this book.
I love Stella and Carter and find their adventures interesting but also confusing. Stella seems to arrange things in a weird way.
A bit thin. Hard to see relationship to current affairs, but much reference to Nazi Germany. Perhaps just me, but not what I was looking for.
The story was predictable and I knew how it was going to end but I enjoyed reading it a lot.
Great book scary at times but good loved that it took place in my home state Thank you very much
The book was rather drawn out and could have used an additional editing. I still enjoyed the storyline.
I purchased this book because of the overwhelming number of reviews that claimed it to be gripping but was disappointed to find it didn't lure me in nor keep me interested. It's a story about Detective Inspector Fabian, his family and case the police seem unable to solve until Fabian recognises a pattern and thus begins the chase to find the killer. At the same time Fabian is dealing with personal issues. The story ended in a way that sets up a sequel.
This novel had a lot of up and down moments for me. One moment, I was completely sure I wouldn't keep reading it, the next I couldn't seem to put it down because I wanted to know what happened. In the end, I'm glad I stuck with it and finished it out.
Good storyline. Written a bit coldly.
I have a small collection of books related to using meditation to manage anxiety and disabling back pain. My therapist recommended this one, but I really liked my original book on using mindfulness to help control pain much better. Some psychology books drone on and on. This is one such book. The info is okay but the presentation is not very engaging.
A well written romantic story that shifts back and forth between tow characters lives, decades apart. It was a pleasant escape.
Author has been trying various story lines recently and this is one such example. We have a young woman who wishes to learn the various forms of magic in her medieval world. She goes traveling and meets various woman friends while learning the various Magics. The plot is thin and the character development very thin. Readable, but just lacks that depth that made previous series interesting.
This book started strong but then the constant POV changes, kind of killed it, not too mention the sudden appearance of the creepy stalker guy. Sinclair is a hair stylist and her gay friend Jessie asks her if she will go to his parents home with him and pose as his girlfriend, because his parents think he is straight. She agrees. Its where she meets the super, hot, brother,Reed. Reed is engaged to a nasty, obnoxious woman. When he meets Sinclair the attraction is instant, neither one of them can deny it. But Reed is engaged and Sinclair has morals and would never step over the line. But when Sinclair catches Reed's fiance naked with his stepfather, doing the nasty, all bets are off. Reed escorts Sinclair to a bathroom in the kitchen when things between the two get pretty heated, only to be interrupted by his mother calling out to him for help. Reed makes Sinclair promise to meet him later. What happens next?
I found it very hard to like any of the characters in this book, they were almost all on their own ego trip, disregarding everyone around them, only caring about their own happiness. The story and writing itself is good, but when you don't want anyone to have a happy ending it is not quite a pleasure to read.
To enhance the story! Hopefully her next book will b more satisfying! Could have been better! Will await her next book.
Fun easy read. No surprises and other than more pages on sex than really needed, a good distraction. Free and Fun
So far I have found this to be very elementary. As far as an audio book, there are too many scripture references rambled off so fast, I would have trouble writing them down. Also listening to a list of scriptures, makes for boring listening. I know the book would be longer, but I like when the scriptures part of the text.
We have a new Instant Pot and wanted more recipes than the instructions offered. Can't say that any of them jumped off the page. We tried a couple and while they worked I doubt we will ,are those recipes again.
Where the count of monte cristo is a deeply plotting novel 3 musketeers is more action packed. I love the 4 main characters and how they are always broke. Fun light hearted adventure with out much below the surface.
A good way to waste a summer day but WHY does the author keep referring to P.town as an island? It is not an island. It is town located on a cape. Thank you for allowing this geography nerd the opportunity to rant. I lived on Cape Cod for 16 years.
Okay, but too much steam. Not believable to have two people couple so quickly and with such feelings from each.
I love reading Brown books and I am a fan of Langdon character. I preordered this book even. Unfortunately, it is worse than his book of the last symbol which was bad too. He usually has pages of text that some may consider as educating. However, I usually skip these as I found them as incomplete or mixed up. Originally, I prefer his thriller writing and description of places and historical sites. This book could be shorter with such simple plot. Many of the characters resemble ones in previous books.
This was a strange book. It was quite boring to read, and I almost abandoned it several times, but I am glad I persevered, because I think that it will remain in my memory. It was not a time travel story per se, which was disappointing, because I love immersive time travel-to-the-past novels. This was more like a traveler telling a story...I imagine the audible version would be more enjoyable. The concept of being fully in the present as a time-stopping mechanism is not revelatory. In that sense, it was almost like a fable; I can see how the Mr. Haig would be a successful author of children's books.
This story was about a young woman who left Chicago for New York City And went on a blind date with a guy who turned out to be her new boss
good story, BUT . . .! i would have given more stars as it was an interesting story, but i am so tired of female leads who are otherwise strong, intelligent, self-aware, etc will turn into 14 year old girls with a crush over a man. usually they know the man is no good either for them or in general, but go all gushy and 'harlequin romance' around him, eventually giving in to whatever he wants.
ms. morgan's book are usually very good .this one was boring self pity is hard too read about over and over again.this book just wasn't up to the quality I expected from Ms. morgan .l would not have bought this book if I had known what it was like and I have bought all of M,s. morgan's books
Okay story, doesn't really go anywhere. The female lead is on the run in the beginning and not in the clear in the end. The book being part of a series that's not what bothered me. What bothered me was that the female and the male lead decide to not have children because of what he is and the pain it could possibly cause. THERE'S A SPOILER COMING!!! He has kids though; grown adult children. The female.heroine, first of her kind and powerful is to remain forever childless because he's afraid of hurting her. I know there's a reason given and I get it but it felt like an excuse to avoid have their genealogy mix and create a child. That's just my opinion though. As I haven't read the whole series and this was the first time I've read this author so this can be something they do regularly.
Protagonist is 20 in her second year of college. alcohol consumption. Swearing H-word, b-word, and multiple f-bomb. Like many new adult books the hero cheats and acts like a cliche manwhore. It makes him unlikable. DNF but I skimmed to the 95% mark and Hero hadn't evolved.
I enjoyed the connection shared between Lara and Ike from beginning to end. The dedication between Ike and Henry along with Lara and Ada is to be commended. This is a great novel but the reason I rated it as a three is because of the amount of grammatical errors aligned in the story.
The story line is interesting, the writing is fairly good. It just wasn't a book that I enjoyed as much as others I've read.
Liked the book, but almost got lost among all the villains. Olsen could simplify his plot to his advantage and to that of his readers.
Quick read, pretty good story line with a nice HEA
A little bit predictable, but an enjoyable way to fill a lazy day. Flat characters, but still a heartwarming story.
I'm not sure what was "uncovered". I didn't find anything remarkable about this short story. It is competently written but the story was not interesting to me and this reveal that is described in the summary never happened. I thought the ending was anti-climatic and confusing.
A fun read. A book to finish in a day at the beach.
I just could not get into it.
I think I was expecting more from the book and to keep me going I feel it need it something more.
I liked the novel. Good characters. Interesting plot. My main complaint is that there was no resolution of the evil group responsible for the mayhem that was the storyline. Maybe that will be addressed in a subsequent novel. Would have given 4 stars for a conclusive ending.
I found this to be a difficult book to read. It was at times very boring and I just wanted to give up and put it away but I finished it. I can't really recommend it though.
I read the Girl With No Name and was delighted to find this sequel. I was very attached to the characters from last book. Felt the sexual encounters were to explicit, almost stopped reading because of them. Make me nervous to read other books by this author.
I was hoping to read a story about sailing, but way to much about cooking which I have no interest in. The author is a good writer; I just have different interests.
The characters were well formed. Even the ghostly ones. I didn't like however how sentences would run together with different characters at different locations..
Broken man finds woman that makes him want to fix himself for. That's a cute story and didn't need anything else. Her being a complete goober when it comes to talking to people was a good move. But I don't get the king thing. A king would know that even though the main ride is closed that there is still a pretty good theme park available.
A little bit slow, sometimes the conversations seemed too wandering. Good main idea.
I liked the characters but I did feel like I was in a time warp back to the Harlequin Romances of decades ago. The hero felt he wasn't good enough for her and the heroine helped fix him. And everything happened real fast and the ranchers were so understanding and in touch with their feelings. But I finished it fairly quickly and it kept my interest with eye rolling. It was old fashioned but with explicit sex.
This is my first book from this author. The book is a short read. A billionaire, Spencer, meets and educated girl from the hood. Kriss is thoughtful and at times over the top tough. She has sass and much attitude, at times too much for me, but the book is a decent read. Spencer and Kriss are from different worlds but both have families and friends who obviously care about them. They finally get together after Kriss pushes his advances away. Their relationship develops quickly and is filled with moments of jealousy and arguing, and making up. The book ends in a happy ever after. Pros: The book is short but has a plot. Kriss finally isn't so hard and shows she has fears. Spencer is a decent character. Cons: The grammar is okay, not great. Too wordy, with extra words that bring no substance to the book. A lot of design name dropping, which has become the norm in our culture. The Malcolm scene, her ex, was odd and seemed to be thrown in. The designer that he still employed, but who had a thing for him was unresolved. Spencer's enemy family was a decent part of the book book sort of fizzled out. The ending and her being you know what could be seen a mile away. Overall: My first time reading this author was okay. I would buy her next book. I hope she does away with the wordy content, it's distracting. Get to the point.
it's a good read the story if interesting
This book was certainly not Sanford's best work. Not a lot of depth to the characters. Plot, so-so. A rare disappointment.
Burn For You was a sweet marriage of convenience romance. Bianca and Jackson were great together. The story itself was great but for some reason it didn't make an impression. Their connection weren't deep and I would've liked more romance. It started out great with a sort of enemies feeling but it slowly fizzled out to my disappointment. Jackson was a great guy who was misunderstood and Bianca wanted to help her mother. It was a straight forward story. No conflict and a happy ending. That's also okay. I just expected more.
I feel like a promise was broken to me the reader. Just when I thought the story was rapping up. You end in a cliffhanger, Really!! The disappointment of it all. Is that it? You have done this before with NO follow up. Why introduce the father? Answer, PROMISE!
A good and easy read for me when I need a distraction. If you like series that focus on fantasy utopian society, this will work for you.
This was a sweet romantic book for young people. It also would appeal to prop!e who love slobbery dogs. :)
Liked the fast start and development of the stories. Near the end the story slows down. You get 2 novels for the price of one. Archer would have done better if he just made it a one novel-the American side- The British side was slower. The end was contrived. This could have been a five star novel,but the Author got too smart and blew the ending.
A wonderful adventure ruined... Lame ending and so unnecessary. I'm incredibly disappointed. The author obviously has a chip on his shoulder. WHat a waste!
Not a dull moment! Kept me interested from page one to the last chapter! Will look forward to the second installment.
This is a detective story with a pretty obvious ending. The author gives it away in the way that he describes his characters. Even though I knew how it was going to end, I enjoyed the writing. Couple of troubling plot issues. But overall a quick fun read
Content interesting, well written though a bit repetitive. However, it is very hard to read. The typesetting is awful: missing punctuation and words running together. I expect this is just a problem with the digital edition, though I haven't had this type of problem with previous ebooks.
It had some funny parts, easy read did skim over some of it. Will pass it on to some friends. Descriptive and informative. Worth it for those of us that need a little help. Go have good sex and enjoy.
I really enjoyed the first book in this series and was looking forward to continuing Avery and Graham's story. Unfortunately this book kind of fell flat for me. I was looking forward to building more connection between the two outside the bedroom, and there is a bit of that, but everything resolves very quickly so that the guys can jump back into bed. Not bad for an erotica read if you're really into Daddy/boy role play. Just left me wanting... something more. Possible upcoming stories about Graham's son Wren and Avery's friend Sean (separate stories, that is!) were set up pretty well. I'll definitely pick up either/both if they come out.
I liked the first idea behind the story but it proved too complicated to become believable and took far too long in the telling.
Good Read but slow at first. Want to read book 2. Interesting correlation between humans and aliens of four million years separation.
A simple plot with few characters - an easy read for when you don't want to think too hard. Done.
I would've given this for stars, or even five stars. But the ending felt rushed. And the romance was so over done, it felt comical. I honestly could've done without those two things. But other than that the story is really cute, and the mystery is well done. It is a true cozy mystery.
3.5 I thought the book was a good continuation to the series. Again (just like book 5), you needed more background to really get into the story since book 1-5 really connected. If it was only about the characters, it would have been fine. However, it had a lot of plot continuation from book 1 so I had to try to remember where I read of the names before. The plot was definitely more exciting than book 5.
The recipes sound quite good. I would have enjoyed seeing photos of the finished product. Some photos showing how to care for the cast iron would have been especially helpful. Most of all, a picture of the restored cauldron was what I really wanted to see.
The title. I liked the title. And I liked the characters, until the end. Just skip the ending.
Good book-likable characters, but seemed to stray from it being believable.
Read it after hearing excerpts on NPR. Was looking for humor and thought this might fit the need. Not exactly what I'd hoped. Bit too dry. Heavy on philosophy. Okay bed time reading.
It was okay. Not something I usually read
My husband is reading it now so for he likes it
A couple I knew of because of Marina, as she had been a pillar of strength for the Royal family. He was like most of the Royals, interesting that he and David were so close however when David and Wallace were cut from the fold he didn't go out of his way for David.
I greatly dislike books that end at the moment of climax. Such a ripoff by the author. Content of book was ok, and kept your interest.
Not sure if it's the collaboration but this story, although had an important message, seemed to drag along. A love sexual tension like the next person but a large majority felt like the story line just drug along that sexual tension and not going anywhere. Loved the scenery and setting
This was an interesting story of lies and secrets. I was not surprised when the husband figured most of it out. It did let us know that we can't really keep secrets from those who love us.
Good storyline but just not very I interesting. Too much nonessential information and not enough interesting facts to keep th ed story flowing smoothly.
Cute story. Characters are cute, plot is cute. Super sweet and predictable, but yet enjoyable. Stand alone story, no cliffhanger.
Made me think of why I don't challenge people when they say things I don't agree with.
While on the way to solving a crime or two, the reader encounters so many witches & other supernaturals, you may wonder where you are. Could have been more interesting with fewer witches & more mortals.
I would only pick this one up if you've read the River of Teeth series and really enjoyed it or are looking for a brief feel of the setting. This is a very short, but cute story about one character and his mount. There isn't much here as far as a plot, but it's just some of those little background details that some fans enjoy having.
Decent read, wordy at times. Kind of grabs you at the beginning and then looses you in the wordy paragraphs.
A little to predictable but a good read. I have enjoyed the Alex Cross series. What is next? Would like to see a series like the Murder Club.
There was no ending to this book. I guess you have to buy book 2 to actually find the uncle. Liked the journey but need an ending.
So, I found this novel a bit long and slow. I'm all for coming-of-age novels, and this one had some delightful moments--including the narrator. I enjoyed his POV quite a bit. But at times it felt like the story was just going on and on and on and not really going anywhere. I did enjoy the setting, the small town, and the quirky folks who lived there.
Was less than I had hoped for.
This book is twice as long as it needs to be. I got to the halfway point and there was still no action. It's full of trite, unnecessary dialogue and over-explanation. A really good editor would have made a huge difference.
First I have to say that the grammar was impeccable. I am a prolific reader and good grammar impresses me. The story , not so much. What I read was a story about two college graduates sticking their toes into the real world. A lot of time was spent building up background information which slowed the read down, in my opinion. It finally came together in the last dozen or so paragraphs. That all being said, I am giving a neutral review here.
The storyline was okay for a fantasy genre. The paranormal stuff was a little hokey, but the author's writing style toned it down. I guessed the ending pretty quickly but was interested to see how she brought it all together. Would have liked a little more follow up at the end once the characters tied their loose ends. Overall, a light read that engaged me but easy to put down.
If you are wanting to take on some light reading this is the book for you. The character of Kate was well developed.I liked the dynamics between Kate and her family and friends. I did not like that the author changed the POV from one character to another in each new chapter. Sometimes it took several paragraphs or even a page before I realized who was talking. I didn't find myself skimming or setting the book aside for something more interesting so that was good. Maybe a 3.5.
The story line was good but not enough love/sex scenes for a romance novel. Maybe I just expect more.
This is a short book which is some of it's merit. I agree with the premise, that as a coach you need to move past providing solutions. You also need to not always try to transform your clients. If you want to put this into practice though, you likely need more information than is provided in the book.
With all the new finds for 2018, could have waited too release book. I Waited this long. But, a good historical account
A lame story where all the action was without action, all the crises were resolved in the most simplistic way possible and the end was a foregone conclusion.
Interesting story starting off as a prisoner to be executed. Having a pack or two of wolves on your side could make a huge difference in staying alive.
Was slow reading at times but a very touching and masterfully vivid picture of the life in rural new england
A very beautifully illustrated book for children to understand that all things different don't have to be scary when looked at for its beauty. Very easy wording allows all children to pick up this book and enjoy the wonders of lightening.
I love that this story stayed clean. I wasn't drawn in to the characters as much as I'd like. But it was ok.
Johnson intertwines a current-day mystery with one from wartime Vietnam, with mixed results. More like a mashup of two books, with a few too many twists and turns to follow easily.
but then it fell oddly flat. Sorry, I feel terrible saying this but I LOVE the story, LOVE the characters but there was just something missing. Some of the scenes went to much into detail and took away from the excitement happening while others just flew over like they couldn't be done quick enough. Not sure I want to risk the next book for $4.99 🌸
This book was brought to my attention by the author on Goodreads. The book is well written. The book is written from several different characters' perspective. The plot twists and turns and the suspense builds throughout the story. Curran does a good job with descriptions of the Montana wilderness. The author uses backwoods knowledge to solve the mystery of the disappearance of the father and daughter hunters. The protagonist, Winslow Doyle, turns out to be an interesting character, and I want to know more about him. I enjoyed the story. I read this on my Kindle app for my iPad. I downloaded the e-book from Amazon. The book is 357 pages and was published on December 8, 2017.
I liked the hero and heroine, very like-able. I thought Miranda behavior towards guns seemed a little stretched. I think if she was there then I could've understood her feelings. Some of the conversations felt stilted.
I really enjoyed this book it was good from start to finish I look forward to reading more from this author
i could have written this story....Little drama or excitement...Very predictable and sweet
I was disappointed in this story. Maybe it really should have been written before all the rest of the Odd Thomas stories.
This is the first book I've read from this author and although it had some good reviews I was disappointed. It was redundant with the characters not growing at all. Gillian was pathetic. Constantly a victim picking controlling men. The ending was awful! Not really an ending, the book just stopped.
It was ok. Some of the info seemed a little stale ut the rest of it was a fun read.
The author did not create these characters and relies on the family's approval. Too bad that he did not look to the girlfriend for guidance.
I have to say after reading Mohammed and being completely captivated by the story, I was a little disappointed in this offering. It felt disjointed and not as well presented. I don't know if it the difference in the material or just my own prejudices and preconceptions coming through. I am on to God now and we will see. Still a good book but not (in my opinion) a great one .
This was a good background setup between the huge battles that happen in the series. Character building with a touch of mystery.
It was too repetitive but that was probably what the author was going for. I did like the ending.
Overall I did enjoy the book as it ended up with a happy ever after,but it did leave a couple loose ends which effected my rating. The matter involving her Mother and what really happened really was not explained completely even though the book had an epilogue covering 2 years later. In that sense it was a bit of a cliffhanger and I do not enjoy cliff hangers as a rule
Unlikable characters, but I kept reading just to see how it all turned out. So many lives thoughtlessly destroyed with no real explanation. The ending doesn't offer any closure or satisfying explanations....just selfish people's useless lives continuing on. That poor baby doesn't stand a chance!
I thought this book was a pleasant read. It kept me interested even though it was very simple. I liked that there was some back and forth with the main characters. They each stood their ground with what they believed in, yet could sit fall for each other.
It is a light hearted mystery with a reasonable conclusion. Easy reading when you are exhausted from working all day. Just plain enjoyment.
I was disappointed with this book. Not as suspenseful as I would like and a little confusing ending.
I really enjoyed this book until the last chapter and 1/2. It built the characters slowly and carefully. They were very well done. The plot was also built up carefully. Then the last couple of chapters were rushed and incomplete. Loose ends were dangling every where. Parts were not explained that the plot had been based on. I wish I could recommend this book but I was so disappointed that I can't.
I wanted it to be longer and better edited. Grammar errors are distracting. Still, it was enjoyable and at times enlightening if a little heavy on expository prose.
I've been reading Danielle Steel books for longer than I care to admit. While normally I have trouble putting the book down and living life, I struggled to stay interested in this book. Normally a reader feels like they know the characters and begins to really care about them, I did not feel the connection in this book. Will I continue to read Danielle Steel books? Absolutely! This one was just not my favorite.
Hey, book dragons! So how is everyone doing? I am doing pretty good and I have just finished a few books so you will be seeing a bit more of me. You can decide if that is a good or bad thing later. So to start us off I wanted to let you all know what I thought of Four day Fling by Emma Hart. This book, our may character is Poppy a twenty-four who has flaming red hair and a lover of snarky t-shirts. As of right now, she has no idea what she is doing with her life. All she knows is that her sister is getting married and the plus one is not just a suggestion but an order form her mother. After a one night stand with a beyond handsome man, poppy does what most wouldn't she asks him to be her plus one. And to her surprise hey says yes. Poppy is anti-social and clumsy women who understandably is unsure of how to make her parents believe she has Adam Winters star hockey player as a boyfriend. Let alone handling her crazy family what else could this four-day wedding bring her way. All things considered, I really did enjoy this book. It was a quick read. And an interesting one at that. With the sarcasm and snarky t-shirts, one could easily see where these two were heard. Yep lovers lane. lol It had a cute romance and one that I really enjoyed, I have never been a real romance person so that has to say something. I will say if you like an MC who isn't a pushover and likes coffee more than people check out Poppy's story.
I was really looking forward to Perky's book after reading Mallory and Will's book but I just couldn't seem to get into this book as easy. I love Julie Kent and I'm hoping the next book in this series draws my attention a better.
I enjoyed the first book in the series more than this one, whose first half felt overly slow and long. Another good story though (once it finally picked up) and, as always, excellent characters.
Hi. This has Greek Gods, immortal folks, wars humans not aware of. A Good short read. But somewhat of mash everything together.
Usually I enjoy post-apocalyptic books. I read through this book in just a few days so there is something to be said for the story line. I suppose I kept waiting for something more but it never came. The characters are just not very interesting to be honest. I finished the book not really caring about them or what happens to them. I gave it three stars because I liked the story in general but never did get into the characters. I have to feel their fear, their sadness but none of that came across. This is the first in a series but I really don't see myself interested enough to continue with the rest of the books.
I did enjoy the story but I just wish it was a story about Mia and Mateo and not about Mia and Vince... Mateo does a really messed up thing to Mia but I still felt they had more of a connection, and more chemistry. Mia and Mateo had some pretty hot scenes together while things with Mia and Vince were just ok. I just kept wanting things to work out between Mia and Mateo and book 2 could have been about Vince finding someone new. With that being said I did enjoy they story itwas a fast fun read, a little dark but I like dark probably why I like Mateo so much ;)
It was mediocre at best, I found it just a playful take off of the original story. My grandkids thought the original was sooo much better. I would not recommend purchasing this
The pacing of this book was disappointing compared to other books in the series. There were so many plot threads going on that none of the individual threads received the coverage that they required. I appreciate that the author is describing an ever-more-complex universe filled with vivid, interesting characters. And yes, as these characters become involved in the central plot line, that plot line becomes harder to find. I don't think this book achieves the focus that I've come to enjoy from other books in the series.
What a nice, sweet romance. It was a fun read and even funny sometimes. Miller and Brendan were so good together.
Best is the last name of the mom and her two daughters, before they married of course. This second novel is about the older if Anne's two daughters. I wish a fellow would work this hard to marry my daughter! Clean and cute romance.
It wasn't a bad book, just not one I would rush out to recommend to my friends. I wouldn't re-read it like I do my favorites.
A bit shorter than the hit man novels and while enjoyable, I still much prefer those. Kate and Breaker are definitely meant for each other, but the book feels like there is something missing.
It pains me to write this, as an avid Kendall Ryan fan, it didn't really do anything for me. The characters seem rushed. ***SPOILER*** They both wanted a no strings relationship, but almost the next page Cooper couldn't stop thinking of Corinne. Where was the back and forth? Where was the build up? I really hope the next book in the series is better!!!
This was promoted to me as being like Elmore Leonard, but it's not remotely in the same league. Some good characters, lots of action, but I won't bother with the rest of the series.
I liked the story, but too much profanity .......................... Not really necessary to get the points across. Good plot twists however.
The time travel idea was interesting. It's just a Harlequin romance, though.
I like it because it works. Just follow the instructions. Unfortunately, it is terribly overpriced for two pieces of plastic.
Lenny is an adorable little lizard who has a big heart. He cuts off pieces of his scarf to help his friends. This is a great way to teach kids about sharing and caring for others. I would like to have seen illustrations and a little more of the story.
This is a second chance romance for Levi and Low aka Harlow. Not exactly set at the books college of choice Whitney Briggs, but as a mentioned college. Harlow graduated from there as well as her bestie Raven. Levi is ravens brother and so the story unfolds. Some mild drama, some very unrealistic story content, very mild to non existent sexy times and many roll your eyes moments. Ok read 2.5 stars, this book ends half way throats you are gifted another WB inspired book.
First I'll say that I am likely to read the next book in this series because I liked it enough and hope it will develop the characters and storyline with more depth. This is very, very light reading - which is OK when that's what you want.
Here be some spoilers perhaps. I loved Pestilence and I believed his change, I didn't believe in War. Miriam was flat to me and where I felt Sarah changed Pestilence by showing him good in the people they meet, through poetry, I saw nothing of that in this one. The sex felt rushed and I particularly don't like that she uses sex. The humor I found in Pestilence was also lacking. The book could easily have been even longer and fleshed out the characters more.
A little too cutesy and unrealistic.
Walt is Walt, Vic is Vic, but there is not near enough Henry!! The main lock on the series is Walt and Henry. Something is lost without it. Still a good read.
Parts of this book made me really, really, REALLY mad! I wanted to reach in and strangle characters and shake some sense into them. To me that is the sign of a good author because they made me feel that much emotion over their characters.
I kinda knew when I got this book that it was going to be a sweet romance, which honestly, is rarely my cup of tea. That being said this book did have a couple of things going for it: military hero, family dynamics, and a whole host of animals (I super love animals in books). So Dani is our heroine and she is beyond likable. She runs a rehab facility for injured vets, and it's both massive and top of line. She works her bum off to take care of the people who come to her for help, she lives and breathes this job. She's both kind and caring but also patient. A lot of the people who come to her have a lot of anger to work through but she's great with everyone. She also has a huge spot of animals, one of the floors of her facility is actual and animal rehab, which helps not just the animals but the people there too. Seriously there really wasn't anything I didn't like about her. Our hero, Aaron is a little less likable. Obviously he has some anger to work through, not just the injury itself but the betrayal that caused the injury. I gave him some latitude given his situation, but it seems like every time he lashed out it was at Dani, and it just started to make me angry. As for the storyline, it was well written, and I like how much each characters family played a role in the book as well. But the book was just too sweet, that's honestly my problem with these sweet/wholesome romances, they just don't read as real life at all. Life is hard and messy, and people talk a certain way or act a certain way, especially a house full of recovering vets. It was a quick read for me, but definitely not a reread.
Suspenseful. Hard to put down. Don't really get the title name. Could of come up with a different title. Predictable.
Though action/espionage and terrorism type thrillers are not my go to fiction genre, I gave Shattered Shield the good old college try, I really did. This is book one of the Cole Cameron Thriller Series by Camden Mays. Mays created a fairly realistic plot, characters readers could invest in and managed to write dialogue in an organic manner that is difficult for some writers. What I'm saying is, the negative I am about to expound on is not due to an untalented author. First, as I stated before, try as I might, I can't seem to get 'there' with this type of novel, this subject matter. Perhaps it's because of the saturation of terrorism headlines and fear in today's day to day life. I guess I don't want it in my fiction, where I go for entertainment, relaxation, comfort, etc... My other gripe is becoming redundant recently and I'm sorry but there are rules for commas and all punctuation, in fact, they aren't just sprinkled in all willy nilly. There is a difference in their, they're, and there and spellcheck isn't going to find those so I suggest hiring someone from a nifty profession called editing.
I needed some help to understand. I finished it but was confused 😕. I was not happy with this book
I've only recently read the three Fifty Shades series. I liked this one the least. I felt as though it was rushed. This is not a typical read for me but I had to see what the fuss was about. Naturally I had to read the third one.
Very well paced and holds one's interest. But owes a lot to the Sheriff Longmire, small population county Wyoming series.
Its an okay read, not great but okay/
This story and I started off a bit on the wrong foot. We're told the CEO bossman has a reputation of being controlling, but honestly I never saw that character trait of his on page. So the scene where the two MCs first meet, and what ensued, didn't feel believable to me. The story of a forbidden office romance somewhat improved on me as it progressed, and had both cute and steamy interactions. Short and sweet entertainment for the moment, and quickly forgotten afterwards.
Not bad but not his best. Still like his writing.
I didn't think of it as gripping. It moved along nicely and then got melodramatic near the end. Think I'll skip the next one.
A little different plot
This book had so many twists and turns, never knowing where it is heading. I did not enjoy this book.
I received this free and is the first I have read by this author. It's shorter than I would like, but loved the world she created. It would have been 5 stars if she could have gone into more detail about this world with more descriptions. The first night with her 2 kings needed more feeling, not so rushed. Looking forward to the next book by Ms Ward
Well let me see . . . If you like hot, sizzling pages in the first chapter. Than this paperback would be a worthy read. But, if you don't wish to read every chapter with a sexual interludes than this novel isn't for you. Its storyline isn't unusual or enough of it to make you want to finish. However, as I explained sex on a cowboy or two very. . . hot, hot, hot do you want to ride. Yippy I coyote !
Slow start but the meat of the story was awesome. I love the characters Jack Jr., Dom, Caruso, Driscoll, John Clark.
Seems like these books are beginning to feel the same...and maybe that is ok. It was a fun quick read with a few turns but much was expected.
Another wonderful, enthralling read! As usual the humor is fantastic, the action is smooth and engaging and the characters are people you'd want to hang out with in real life. I felt the ending was a touch maudlin, but that might just be my repressed self speaking about a book that's all about finding your place and your people. Ms. Carriger, please continue the story past Judd & Colin. Keep this wonderful characters alive (I'm still holding out for a complete Biffy & Lyall novel too) Please don't make me come to San Francisco and cry all over your doorstep.
A book that could have been written as a brief article in a magazine but was stretched out over 100s of pages. Useful advice, but too repetitive. Listen to one of her interviews instead and you will have heard (and understood) everything she says in this book.
I have followed all your books and have e enjoyed reading them. I'm looking forward to seeing this series continue and waiting for your new series.
Too simplistic for me.
I like many of this author's books, but this one seemed almost bland. The male character seemed to be emotionless and I didn't really see any zing in the couples marriage (both in and out of the bedroom). Ms Lockwood usually can put together a story with you understanding the attraction between the characters, but this story just didn't click for me. Even the sex scenes (usually a strength in Ms Lockwood's books) seemed bland. The two characters really didn't come across a connecting romantically or even sexually. This is one of her few books that didn't really work for me.
I enjoyed this book until we reached the end. It seems a really cheap shot to end the book like a TV season finale - with a major character apparently being killed off but with the uncertainty hanging out there. Such a shame. The characters were very engaging, but an ending like this will probably keep me from read the next book in the series
I liked the loads of information contained in the book abot all sorts of things, but it also became too much to often.
A good book, not as interesting as Hunted.
I've read better from IA. There's so much explanation in the books, you lose the characters.
This was just ok for me. Nothing real exciting to it.
Unfortunately it slows down and becomes very confusing. By the end I was skimming and had totally lost interest
It's an alright yarn, well described, but nothing really pulled me in or kept me waiting to see what happened next. Good world building though and the idea of multiple London's was intriguing.
This book read like a training story for K-9 dogs. Increasingly it would pick up the pace but over all I felt like there were too many descriptive words compared to actual plot words. Zombies are disgusting enough without adding insects!
This was a good read but I don't feel it lived up to the other books in the series.
It was an average read. Good book for an in-between time when I didn't have anything I really wanted to read.
Not what you'd call a "deep" book. Seems that the author couldn't quite figure out what to do with the best friend, Emily, so she ends up just enjoying her vacation while her best friend's life falls apart until she can catch a plane back home, never to be mentioned again. Shallow characters with mostly shallow problems that get dealt with in pretty shallow ways. If you need something light and fluffy to read by the pool, something you can put aside at any point for any length of time without really missing it, then this book might work for you.
Easy read. It dragged.I skimmed a lot. HEA.
Not great, it was so so. While it didn't surprise me, I wanted more and just didn't get that umph. I get that it wasn't fiction, but even in non fiction, you can make your book sizzle. At least a read the book so you can see some of the criminals out there who get away with murder as they are protected by the government and always have been.
This is a quick easy read. You can read it in very little time. Over all it is a good book but I felt there was a lot left out.
I think the target audience is about 16 years old? Not a bad book in that context but doesn't have the depth needed to keep an older audience interested.
Three and a half stars because I had trouble staying tuned in. I got confused but overall liked the premise.
I enjoyed reading these short stories, but they needed to be proofread and the stories kept straight, in one story as the guy shifted she said bear and gave a detailed description of something that was only 3 feet tall ? I liked the ideas but hard for me to read when it's all mixed up like that .
This book isn't the best for me. I enjoy the characters and the rescue dog is a nice addition. But the sex stuff is not what I like to read. The rescue of Laine was good.
Getting tired of the commoner meets her prince story line. Seems to be overdone
It pains me to leave a 3 star review, because I love this author and Drive was book of 2017 for me, but this one didn't work for me. It wasn't as tight or as polished as Drive and at times felt manic. I found the pacing quite slow in the beginning, whilst overall it was wordy or over written with information and conversations that had no bearing on the story. The premise of Cameron and Abbie communicating via messages on their Mac was a brilliant idea but it was overdone and went on for far too long. So much so that it didn't feel realistic to me and I didn't buy it. I love a strong heroine and not one that is bitter or plays the victim card and sadly that's how Abbie came across to me right from the beginning and I lost interest. Cameron was a great character and I thought his secret was what saved the story....... This book has a very interesting premise and a great hero with a very unusual secret that is well worth reading. I love Kate Stewart and the idea of this book. It's the execution and delivery that let me down. I'm in the minority with my opinion because there is a lot love and 5 star reviews for this book.
Kept me both interested and trying to figure out who did what clear to the very end. Suspenseful novel. Thanks.
Long and much repeated, , But fun to read .
This book was not as seductive as I had hoped. But still interesting. I believe it would be an appropriate book for those 13 and up.
I have found that when attempting to walk in another man's shoes (or moccasins) that you should try to find someone with your own shoe size.
The story is evident to adults but the kids will probably not get the inferences. It will have to be explained to them.
I learned a lot from reading this story. Things I had no idea about as far as drug addiction goes. What I found hard to read was how she could not understand why her sister kept leaving her behind. You don't know about the personalities/roles that siblings take on in a dysfunctional family? Maybe she was the scapegoat that was blamed for all the family problems. The author had a good relationship with her mother, but the sister she kept trying to rekindle a relationship with didn't. Think about how your sister must feel, and quit bragging about how well you're doing.
I had alot of hope for this series. It reminded me of the Throne of Glass series and the first book, especially the beginning was very promising. However, I feel like in this second book, I had to read until about the last 100 pages before anything mildly interesting happened. The majority of the beginning and middle was slow and honestly, I wasn't a fan of the heroine, Theo. She goes back and forth with the two men in her life and at the end I still don't know who she likes. I feel bad for both men. She also has moments where she seems selfish and whiny. Her inability to do anything was off putting. I am looking forward to the third book only because of the last 100 pages that finally made this book worth it.
I thoroughly enjoy this author. But after several families, or more importantly ... more children were murdered, I had to stop reading this book, and move on.
Quick read, treats several of the most prominent scriptures on the subject. While acknowledging contrary views, for the sake of brevity the author supports only the view that these scriptures have been used inappropriately and/or with undo emphasis.The book is good source material for a more in depth study. It is not and makes no claim to be, "The last word" on this subject. I would recommend it to anyone seriously considering a traditional interpretation on the subject may lack full understanding of God's will.
Since I am pressed for time just going to say that I really enjoyed the first book in this series. It was everything you want a cozy mystery to be. Not gory, funny, and a cast of memorable characters. The main character is Annabelle Archer, wedding planner. When a demanding mother of the bride ends up murdered on the wedding day (can you imagine) Annabelle starts snooping though everyone tells her to give it up. Things I loved: I loved that this took place in Washington D.C. Apparently the author has visited or lived in and around D.C. She actually describes Georgetown, the Key Bridge, and Chevy Chase in accurate terms. I always get a kick out of books that take place in a city I commute to every day. Annabelle and her sidekicks (her employee Kate and her friend and caterer Richard) are hilarious. Plus all of the food Richard was supposedly making sounded delicious. Too bad no recipes though. Annabelle being a terrible at times amateur sleuth cracked me up. She definitely has a couple of memorable run-ins with clients and a photographer. The book was short enough that you didn't feel like it went on overly long. The writing was concise and the flow was okay throughout. Things I didn't love: Eh to the detective. I know that all cozy's must have a love interest (so it is written) but the detective was a big snooze to me. The next door neighbor was aggravating and not in a cute way. In a, too bad she didn't end up maimed way to me. There is no real why for why Annabelle starts investigating. In most cozy mysteries the first book (so it is written) the main character always is seen as a suspect. The synopsis says that Annabelle's friend Richard is considered one. However, he really isn't and I forget at what percent when the police arrest someone else
I liked the interaction between the couple and their sensuality. The subplot was a bit contrived and a few scenes seemed to be missing substance.
I think this author read Jana Deleon books. I didn't find anything funny in this book.
Tapas, Carrot Cake and A Corpse was a fun and sweet cozy mystery. Based in St. Eves, England, Charlotte Denver owns and runs a marina front café. This is the first in the Charlotte Denver series. I enjoyed visiting St. Eves, a fun and sweet small town. The characters were interesting and worked well together. I look forward to seeing where the story and characters go from here. My only complaint with the book is that occasionally the point of view changes within a scene in an omniscient fashion. I generally do not like this point of view. In this case, the interesting characters and storyline outweighed my point of view misgivings. Readers who enjoy cozy mysteries based in interesting small towns will enjoy this mystery.
I love this territorial alpha! I wish I could read more single mom stories, they seem to be my new favorite!
As with others reviewing this book, it was a bit of a shock when it ended. Going back and forth with five stories was at times difficult and most of characters are awful people. Awful in the sense they are so completely self absorbed; which made it hard for me to care about any of them. Not a horrible book and it will be good for a discussion in a book club.
Per the name, it is Raw, Honest and Unfiltered. There are good cops, not so good cops, and more bad cops than one would like to expect. Leaves you with a distrust of law enforcement officers.
Good easy reading especially for a cold winter day. Interesting.
Repetitive in the saying about a lot of the story when the king speaks to the queen and king. The plot was okay but just didn't do it for me this time. Boring.
It was just ok for me. I'll try again. Let's see what else kate canterbary has to offer. Can't wait.
It's plot is episodic, convenient and sewn together with gossamer, but the style held my attention for the majority of the book. Needed editing, as a lot of information is repeated several times, often on the same page. However, the voice and tone are good and make for some fun reading... But really, quite silly.
This is my third book from Ms. Farmer and I enjoyed it as much as the first two. Ted and Laura were cute together, despite Laura's deep-seated fears and anxiety about their relationship. Although well-supported throughout the story, I did grow weary reading about Laura's struggles as I neared the conclusion of the book. Ted was more supportive than I expect any other get man I've ever known. Ms. Farmer is a competent author who found a line of stories she's turned into a series. They work well.
I voluntarily received an ARC of this book in exchange for my honest review. Chloe doesn't do actual relationships, only having one night stands BC she's scared to get close to people out of fear that she will hurt them. Hugo is a Mr Fix it, and he tries to fix Chloe. Will he? Read and find out!
This an interesting view. A little to restrictive for me personally, but still very good information.
More of an 'I'm bored and there's nothing else to read" kinda book. Served its purpose.
For a mature woman, Felicity's character was to wishy-washy. If it were not for that then it would have been a much better book.
This book has a good premise but the problems with it prevented it from being truly enjoyable . It is slow and repetitive in places . While the author did a good job of building the suspense, you will be left hanging and never finding out what was happening. This happened over and over and just left me with too many questions. This is a complete book, not one in a series and does have an ending, however, it seemed rushed and incomplete . The characters needed more depth and back story. I can see YA liking this book but it was not for me . I don't know if I will read any more books by this author.
I understand that this was just a short story, but I did not find it interesting at all. One Brad Thor's worse developed story lines. I cant understand why a writer of his skill and following would even publish this.
I read this on the Kindle app on my iPad and it is really annoying that this review function won't let me go back to the library even after I have written a review and posted it. Not sure if it is a problem with Kindle application or the interface with my iPad.
I have not read this yet and my reviews are posted through Good reads when I do complete a book.
An OK read but had some pretty big holes in the logic. I kept thinking, "What about donor blood type?" It was never mentioned.
This was an enjoyable read with a good storyline and realistic plot, Destiny is a sweet girl that learns that all is not as it seems and she find herself with consequences she does not know how to deal with. I received a free copy of this book via Booksprout and am voluntarily leaving a review.
Loved the concept, but nit up to her usual suspension of disbelief.
I am not really fond of zombie stories, but the plot and characters kept me reading. The title was very misleading and was not expecting zombie apocalypse.
This was The most boring book of Ma Thompson s I have read and I have read them all
I like her story line but, don't like the cussing and all the details about their kissing and sex life. I know others may like this but, I am not fond of this. I would like to read these without all of this. I am not criticizing those that enjoy the books but, for me it isn't what I like.
The plot was predictable. Not very suspenseful or well written.
I really wanted to love this book but I just couldn't get into it. I think if I had read it more like a text book instead of a novel I would have gotten more out of it. As is, I enjoyed the stories, felt the info was practical, but it just never took off for me.
Finished the series and have to say I'm impressed. Compelling characters and a very entertaining read. As happens when I really like a story I am sad that my time with these characters is at an end.
Inexplicably, this story is quite memorable, as well as being quite sweet.
I love the author and the Bruno series but this book is really just a short story. Shame on me for not reading the description more closely. Walker mailed this one in. It's a shallow version of the full length books. I'm not even sure if it would sell anyone on the series. If this is the only Bruno book you've read, don't be discouraged--the full length ones are really good.
Some scenes I didn't overall care for and some areas of miscommunication between the characters. Overall it was a pretty good story and it had a happy ending for both of the main characters.
The book was slow until the end. It left me unsatisfied. I kept falling asleep reading it. I was not that thrilled with the ending.
It was an ok book. Kept moving for sure.
very thorough, but difficult to read. This is not a book you read as much as it is a book you have to study.
Sweet, nice story with suspense and intrigue. The age old battle between good and evil where good is the victor. Nice holiday read.
A solid ending to the series.
In spite of the authors skill in tucking curling education into the narrative, I'm still clueless on the sport. So much of the plot revolves around the competition and technical details of playing, I really never felt the romance.
The basis of the storyline was clever, but it didn't develop in a satisfying way. It happened much too quickly and. The resulting ending was too predictable.
The story was slow not enough action going on
The premise was interesting and the main characters were mostly likeable. But in the end, I felt the book was unfinished and unsatisfying. The descriptions of places were well fleshed out, easy to imagine. But the characters and the point of them being in the story often seemed unfinished, and events not fully explained or flat out didn't tie together well. The worst, most distracting thing though was errors of every imaginable sort. Sentences that didn't make sense, misspellings, incorrect use of apostrophes, misuse of your/you're, misunderstanding of common expressions or words and so on. I didn't hate the book, but I was disappointed, it deserved more depth and continuity.
As events kept unfolding in this story I couldn't help but think there were too many things that went on in this ladies life to the point that it was ridiculous.
Not entirely sure what to think of the book. A dense protagonist is rather common trope in the genre, but it is rather extreme here, probably for the humor factor, but it is too extreme for me. Worse is that the other main characters seem to fit the cliché too much as well, leaving a relatively boring predictable story for me. Still, if it is the type of humor you like, I suspect it is much more entertaining. The ending does make me curious about what is going on...
After reading this book, i was surprised that this is a renowned classic. To me it was tedious and not that interesting. That could be a reflection of myself rather than the book.
It was interesting to read our the case evolved over the 2 plus years it took to come to a conclusion. The author also includes details about how the law works in Sweden so that was interesting. Very factual. What Theresa accomplished was amazing and brave.
Loaded a bunch of the Kevin Hearne "back stories" on my kindle. They were fun, quick reading, a laugh or two. Not as much fun or as creative as his Druid chronicles.
I was disappointed. Based on the accolades, I expected a much better book. An explanation of the overview of the main character and the plot is very appealing. The actual book, not so much. The last third of the book seemed to me to be meandering. I wondered if the author was getting tired of writing at this point. I certainly was getting tired of reading it.
Looking for an Easy, enjoyable, predictable, "light" read, for when you are desperate to read a non gripping relaxing short?
I really enjoyed this book. I would have given it 4 stars, but there were so many grammatical mistakes that I downgraded it. Get a decent editor!
I din't want this as a digital book - I wanted the hard copy ( I think it may be a large paperback) . You can check and see I have never accessed the online book. Please remove from my kindle library and provide me with the hard copy of this book. Rating is unknown Thank you Darlene Bell
This was unwittingly the first "reverse harem" book I picked up out of sheer boredom (I'm pretty sure because there was an ad with a horse on it), and said, "Eh, what the heck, I'll give it try." I was pleasantly surprised that the plot was not half bad, and the characters were even interesting in their own right. Personally, the polyamory was a bit uncomfortable to read for me. I was hoping the main character would just choose one, the wolf-shifter preferably! I have not pursued the rest of the series, despite the compelling plot and characters. If these sort of relationships do not rub you the wrong way, it's not a bad read!
This is the first book in a series. I expected there to be background information to set the plot of the story - there isn't. Some typos and/or wrong words are used. It's very slow in the beginning. The last few chapters are much better but then the book just stops with no real conclusions or explanations.
Just a so,so story. Very mediocre
These short stories of Navy SEALS were not extremely well written. Lots of sex and macho men but not much meat into story telling
It wasn't the giggle a minute story I expected, but I finished it!
Just started reading this. It's a fun book but the typos are distracting. You'd think a book like this would have been properly edited. I mean, how does, His invented a pair of submarine spectacles not get noticed!
This was just okay to me. I probably would have liked it better if I liked Indie more. I didn't understand her thought process at all. She was unfair to Camden. I'll give the rest of the series a try because I loved all the Harris brothers and look forward to their stories.
I found the plot confusing. I almost stopped reading it because I couldn't keep track of the characters. Maybe the next one will be better.
While this book says its a romantic read, that is not what I would call it. It is SEX on a stick story. Pure porno is what this story is. No real world building, no real in depth characters. Not a super deep read. Hot sexual scenes loads of!
I didn't like this nearly as much as Night Passage. The ending was very improbable given Jesse is supposed to be a no nonsense cop. The amount of the book dedicated to exploring Jesse's and Jenn's feelings for each other seemed far too much for my taste.
Usually this writer make you live in or with the characters. I think the background is not good enough for an interesting topic. The characters are not likeable enough for me. I still miss some musing, some deeper chapters. Something to bring it more in a trance, to fit better with the topic.
It was an interesting concept but didn't really come through for me. It was enjoyable but i just thought it could have been so much more
Brandon and his wife decide to start their new life in Asia to experience its cultures and the beauty. Brandon meets Ven, a young prostitute and there begins the love triangle. Eventually he learns that Ven might not be mentally stable and that she would do anything to keep Brandon in her life for financial stability. So, he tries to stay away from her to save his marriage. The story is more focused on bringing the dark side of the Asian culture and in such a way that people who truly appreciate it may feel offended. The continent has a diversified culture and offers a lot of things that can be appreciated about. The story line and the author's writing skills makes few scenes in the story enjoyable.
I would have loved this one, but it was not a real short story. It was a teaser for a bigger product. It was pretty well written, though.
I liked how it started the story right away. Really liked the book . My problem was Rebecca went from talking like a Scottish lass to sounding more American. A few other minor details . I read alot and catch any small details that some readers miss. Stallion to a mare when did he get another horse. Little details like that . Those can throw a good story off .
I found it hard to get into. It was not nearly as good as the Nightingale.
I truly enjoyed reading the first book in this series and I have enjoyed reading books in other series by this author. This book jumped from person to person to person and while this did move the story, it also did little to develop any of the characters. This was to be a Ryder Creed novel and I doubt that 25% of the story actually involved Creed. I was confused when I got to the last page of this novel because little to nothing had been resolved and there was a cliffhanger. Disappointing.
Reasonably entertaining, but somewhat predictable. Several parts seem like they were developed from a cook book approach.
Not as preachy as some of Grisham's latest novels, thankfully. Who is going to.disagree that crushing.student loan debt and immigration are areas of much needed reform? Although it starts very dark and slow, he manages to add some.fun and turn the plot into a bit of a caper. Grisham is not the author he once was. But this novel does read.like.he actually wrote it himself, unlike some others. It could be a good.movie, with some work.on the front end. Needs to introduce the bad guys earlier. Worth a look.
This book could have been more in depth. The information given was very vague. Illustrations would have made it more credible.
The cursing and the very, very explicit sex scenes were unnecessary and contributed nothing to the storyline. Otherwise, it was well written and funny at times. Good family moments that dealt with serious matters. All the cursing and gratuitous sex detoured from what could of been a really good story. It's a shame so many authors these days feel the need to include both in there books. If it doesn't contribute to the story or move it along in someway, then it doesn't need to be included.
Predator's Gold takes place in the same world as Mortal Engines. Taking the chance to expand on the wonderful world of moving cities from the first book, Predator's Gold manages to carry over that sense of wonder from the first book and this time, the author takes more time to let the reader get more familiar with locations so they feel more real and alive than in the first book. If only he'd done the same with the characters. However, returning characters Hester and Tom arrive from the last book and barely develop through the course of this one, while the only new character to have a strong character arc is Freya, who unfortunately starts off so unlikable its a struggle to find her parts enjoyable through half the book. If you're a fan of fascinating worlds and unique locales, definitely worth a read. If you're looking for solid and relatable characters, you may want to steer clear.
Although I liked the story on the whole, I found myself confused several times trying to keep all the characters and their relationships straight. There was even two men with the same first name at one point.....yikes!
Dr. Dispense shoes that out lives are of our own making and no one else is responsible. Bravo!! It's empowering to know that live can be all we want it to be.
This was definitely not my kind of read as there was almost no interplay between the ten woman other than that they all saw the same counselor . Some stories were lackluster and slow moving - perhaps a cultural thing for me to get through?
Would have liked an epilogue. Short but ok. It is a little savage for my taste. Heroine is feisty but silly.
I like my history well researched but interesting and novella over tome. I liked this book. And the last paragraph was just exquisite.
Just couldn't get into this book. I generally enjoy her books very much so must have been the wrong time to read it. I'll pick it up some day and zip right through it.....just not now.
A night rose for the Duke was a wonderful story. For me, it was hard to read as there are so many grammatical errors and typos. I persevered and reread a second time and was able to see the storyline and enjoy it.
I didn't feel the characters or really get that into the book. But I totally was fooled by the out come. I had a totally different assailant in mind.
A nice flowing read with a predictable nature. Likable characters Good for before bed.
Was alright. Didnt enjoy it as much as the first one. Enjoyed interactions between Thrawn & Vader though. Definitely not a bad book
Not a bad story or a great one, just ok. Story fairly typical-high school sweethearts deal with guy going to college and focusing on football, not romance. Girl left behind to deal with pregnancy gone bad and on her own. Ten years later and you can write the script. Lots of angst on the guy's part.
I finished the book, but despite its easy subject matter, it was a bit boring to read.
I don't real like reality mixed in with fantasy.
I did not feel that this book deserved a Pulitzer Prize! It was entertaining, but not profound. In no way can it compare to greats like To Kill A Mockingbird, as literature. I disliked the constant shifting of time in this book. I felt that made the story a disruptive experience more than a coherent experience, as a reader.
I like this series a lot. I enjoyed this book until the end. I consider the ending to be a huge cliffhanger which ruined my enjoyment of the book.
Disappointing. Lots of information; poorly written (disjointed, choppy).
I liked the theme of the book and it was easy reading,
Too much emphasis on how they feel physically and not enough story. Missed so much possibilities by not interacting more with other characters.
Hot! Steamy and intriguing. Like they say no good deed goes unpaid. This is the story of a beautiful single girl trying to support her mom and younger brother but after being let go from her job and bills piling up and so on, she receives an envelope for $10k anonymously. The story is what happens when she decides to cash in the check and the price she pays for it.😮
This was interesting enough but the plot dragged and then the ending was abrupt. I read it in one sitting though I just prefer to read the whole story in one book and I didn't really care for the split point of views into different parts which to me is why the plot seemed to drag. I received a free copy of this book via Booksprout and am voluntarily leaving a review.
Good definition of Agile methodology, good explanation of scrum and different roles. However no explanation or details regarding user stories
This was a good idea, but I'm frustrated that there wasn't more development from Diana's first midnight and when she seemed to become more blase. Honestly, her language and thought processes did not make me believe that her change in behaviour was as smooth as it was written. I would have appreciated a good bit more development.
The book was great and it added tons of new characters and ideas, but the ending was sooo horrible that's why I gave it 3 stars. *my 12 yr old son's review* 😎
I was loving this book throughout, but then it got to the last chapters. I found the ending very lacking for what up to then had. Even an enjoyable book. It was like the author rushed through the end to meet a publishing date. I don't mind how she did the end but it needed to be flushed out a bit more.
Nice storyline, romance to the core. Despite some jumbled plot spots (and some inaccuracies concerning how a corset works), I just couldn't put it down for long. Def a good feel-good story.
Overall, this was great information to have. Most of it you can find by researching yourself; however, having it in this book makes it easier to access to check on references. The only thing I found that I didn't care for it I wish it had stressed more on the purpose of having a service animal because I hope that people don't just start putting their "pets" or "emotional support animals' in public places to cause a problem for the rest of us who actually need their animals. Well written book and I do recommend it!
Not as good as some previous Mickey Haller novels but still an enjoyable read
Fabulous book. Laughed through the whole thing!! Loved the friendship z and fun! Would definitely recommend fora fabulous beach read!
Small spin on the zombie story, would of been alot better but the main character is brutal! Stupid, everything she does is wrong or horrible for people, yet the author still has the other characters praise her like she's seal team 6. Even having people call her a legend or hero! But you'll see, it annoys you. Also lose them. Find them. Lose them. Find them. Is the whole story, oh and Noone from the main story dies. Always a crazy catch! But it is a zombie book so if you suspend a little extra belief you can drudge through.
I'm very glad I got this for free, as I haven't lost any money. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for time. The writing was better than most that I've read lately, but not good enough to merit a higher rating. The story was incomplete, as it is just a teaser for the later books (which I will forego). None of the characters had any depth or feeling to them, and the plot was confused and incomplete. There may be some interesting ideas here, but without the other two books there is no way to tell.
I found it a bit difficult to this book. The second half moved more quickly the the first.
Loved books 1 and 2 and couldn't wait for Book 3. What happened... mid book I couldn't keep the timelines straight about what happened and to who. Also Emily the trained agent looked like a buffoon both personally and professionally so out of character from the other books. I could see a cliffhanger for the next book but come on - couldn't at least some of the questions be answered? Bummer.
I liked some of the facts I learned. It was an easy read. If this book was about a less scintillating topic, I would have felt it wasn't worth it. It was not a very cohesive read; more a collection of facts and stories. The saving grace is it got me thinking: would I eat human flesh?; what is really wrong with eating human flesh? I.e., What's the difference between eating humans and eating cows, chickens, pigs, sheep, etc? Long story short, it's an interesting read.
The whole novel fees like a 10 year olds' fantasy come true complete with a myriad of legendary gifts and powers as the author stutters from step to disjointed step.
Not too realistic characters. Maybe just me.
Three stars because it had some good information, but I would have given it two stars for all the errors and the seemingly odd examples throughout the book.
Did not expect it to be continued in another book you had to purchase to maybe get an answer to the question in the first place. Did not purchase next book. The way it was indicated was that you would have a complete story with this book. It did have an interesting story line but I will not buy any more books in this series.
Had mystery and romance a plenty! Nicole Jordan books are always filled with adventure. This book was a reading pleasure.
I enjoyed the outdoors aspect of this book combined with detective work. I hope the next in the series is good also.
Plot never really comes together. Seems to wander and fill pages for a while. However the family characters grow in this story.
While it was satisfying to learn more about the sister Mary, this story was told more than shown, and as a result, not as vivid an experience as previous novels in the series.
Bud and Marta get into and out of more scraps than you can imagine. A lot of people die in this book, both good and bad. I recommend you read it.
good for someone starting out
I mainly read this because I like reading books that are made into movies. The book started off slow for me. The characters weren't that likeable. I made it through and didn't hate it, but it wasn't the best book ever. Parts were very predictable. I think the movie could actually be better than the book, which doesn't happen often.
Several times I wondered if I was ever gonna get pulled in. Then almost at a snap of the fingers I was hooked and couldn't put it down.
Ok story, didn't connect with main character
Elegantly written but I just couldn't connect with the story, too much weight/emphasis on insta-love.
I have read two of these books. They are OK. Sometimes I feel like I would like them more if I was 50 and divorced.
Well this was a different book about ghost. I'm really glad there is no such thing as ghost 👻 and ghost hunters this book was fun and wild.
Good beginning for prep. Somewhat repetitive. The links noted were helpful.
I greatly enjoyed these contemporary uptake on classic fairytales. the only reason I gave them a lower rating is because I'm always looking for christian books with LOTS of faith, hope & healing. books that really keep my eyes on God & the christian life.
This is a sweet story. I liked both characters. My only problem was that the resolution happened too quickly and I would have loved some more details at the end describing the couple after they got together and what happened to the other characters
It just wasn't as good as his previous adventures very disappointing.
I really liked this book but, there was to much description about the land and not enough romance. I did feel how she felt about Graeme, but it left me wanting more and frustrated. I found myself skipping pages and then skipping chapters. I did finish the book and will read the next one. Also it was supposed to be a time travel book, but no time travel happened.
I found this book to be a good book it had a of characters and was a little bit confusingly it had a good ending
She traded one prison with a older pervert for another one. She really wanted to go to college and of course thats not happening with the overbearing judge getting you barefoot and pregnant. Well written and no typos but this was a miss for me.
This book had a lot of promise in the beginning. Highly believable characters that were well thought out. Scenarios that we know existed from any basic US History class. Yet, as I kept reading, Vera's life just became more and more over the top until it felt laughable. Marianne's character...like c'mon...I know plenty of children of sex workers and their reactions aren't like that. Children aren't stupid. But anyway, unfortunately I was rushing through the book, no longer invested or interested in ANY of these characters. The author has promise, but I feel she must work on her pacing. It all became very rushed and cramped.
This book covered quite a few emotions and topics and was well written. The characters could use a bit note development and some of the events needed more details. Overall a good book.
I have to be honest, the story was good, but very confusing. I was half way through it and still couldn't figure out what was going on regarding Jordan. Why was she in danger? Was it from the press and media, or the general public that were the greater danger? The love scenes were really well written, though.
A lot of trite expressions and storyline developments that did not transition well. However, premise and chat developments were excellent.
This was a difficult read for me. If you want a true historical mystery this is the book for you!
Really heartwarming and wholesome story. A little boring for me, there's not a lot of drama/action.
Good information but repetitive writing. This book is great for getting a good idea of how to start a capsule wardrobe. Recommend for a beginner.
Another page turner. I keep buying his work and enjoying everything. Keep up the good work. Ill keep on reading it.
The author has good writing skills that is engaging but not strenuous. The down side being this sequel was repetitive in how the story unfolded.
Gone girl, i did not see a lot of the plot twists coming. I figured out who it was pretty quickly. I'm disappointed. I expected better.
Red 5 books. I feel it's time to sum it up. Was interesting for first 3 books . Now just same guys , same scams!! Kindle unlimited books are one thing, purchasing every book? Not fun anymore!
Literally 80% of the book is just repeating the same thing. It isn't until the last 20% something happens. Defiantly dragged this book out too long. I wouldn't put this on my top list of books to read.
It had every cliche known to "literature." Interesting premise, but predictable.
I can put it down and go to something else. If it is a great book I usually don't want to put it down
She chose the wrong man getting a wee bit to like Lady Darby series, and she chose the wrong man read it and see!
some of the characters are not likable, but i had to buy the next book to find out what happens
I enjoy this author's stories but this one I struggled with. I almost stopped reading it as I just couldn't get into the MC's. I did finally finish it, and I'm glad I did just so I could see what happens. I'm not sure I would call this a HEA or a HFN.
The book has a lot of good information in it. However, it lacking information. I personally was hoping for more.
This was a good read, except I had real difficulty reading and trying to figure out whatever classical instrumental passages the professor had going on in his brain, while talking or moving. I tried to sign up for a free book that was offered, and I got stuck in a round-about. I gave up.
Holly Anna and her best friend seem to attract mysteries, and you can be sure that suspense follows. Quirky characters have the reader in stitches one minute and biting their nails the next as the girls seek to solve the mysteries.
read the series, not as good as most of the rest
Movie was blah. The funny thing you know how the book is always better no so with this one
This is a simple, but sweet story. I enjoyed reading it. I appreciate it being clean! I sincerely dislike the racy, porn type of books. The plot moves a bit slowly but the characters are entertaining. The main male character is a bit of an air-head, but still lovable. I was not thrilled with the ending being so up-in-the-air. It seems to me it was rather abrupt. Otherwise, it was a good book. Three and a half stars!
This book was good but not great. No different story line than many others . Maybe I am just expecting to much.
Laura, Janey and Dean's story. A culmination of missed opportunities and assumptions kept them apart until fate threw them a line. Laura and Dean are their own worse enemies as they hang on to misguided notions about themselves and each other. Laura's daughter Janey is a sweet six year old who charmed me despite her exceedingly adult way of speaking. I overlooked these minor aspects to the story and just went with the flow. 🙂
Writing was very good and the story was compelling until the end. There was really no ending where things were wrapped up. Disappointing over all due to that fact.
I enjoyed the modern, cheeky voice. I loved her being a feminist heroine, especially given that she lived in the 17th century. I enjoyed her antics as a sword-wielding opera singer. Her life was fantastic to say the least, at times so much I wondered how romanticized her life was in this book (or others, for that matter.) I do have to admit, however, that I probably would not have enjoyed reading as much as I did if this was based purely on a fictional character. Knowing that this was based on a real person drew me in. Many people commented on her writing style: 1st person vs. 3rd person, purple prose (wth?), fragments and lack of description. This is clearly a subjective, personal matter of taste. I enjoyed it.
This was kind of an entertaining story but as many reviewers note, not exactly historically or grammatically accurate. Interesting and easy read if you're looking for some light reading that doesn't take a lot of concentration late at night. Will drive you crazy, though, if you're looking for an actual well-written historical fiction novel or something akin to Da Vinci Code.
got tired of reading it.....
No heroes just villains. This book was really hard to get into. Lots of fighting and killing plus there is unusual magic. If you use it it drains your life energy. Not fair at all.
First, the complements. Well written and thought out, with interesting and developed characters and a credible plot based on real or near future science. The back story leading to the mission actually may have had a bit too much detail. The mission was suspenseful and exciting, but without giving the plot away, the conclusion both in space and on earth was a real downer. Anyone battling clinical depression or PTSD should NOT read this book, especially during the Holiday Season (I'm writing this in December 2017). But if you're a sci-fi need like me you'll probably enjoy it - I did. I just plan to watch "Star Trek: First Contact" again soon to balance this novel with a happier ending! 😁
It's scary what people can really be like.
Have read some but not all of this series. Have enjoyed and plan on continuing reading the series in the next weeks
I have been trying to read some of the older books that did well in the Great American Read, etc. This one is not really like any other book I have ever read - but it was entertaining and is not a long book. It's a strange story with a strange plot. I probably will not read any more of the series.
I really hate serial books. I want a complete book with a beginning and an ending. The book was good, well written and is just part one. Bah
Not my kind of story but a good read non the less
This book was a bit boring and predictive.
This book was an ok read if you like fantasy thrillers. I have a hard time staying in tune with fantasy and sy fi books.
The book was a good read, but all the errors were distracting. Didn't seem to have been proofread and definitely distracted from the story
It apparently was not by type of book. I struggled to begin and then struggled to finish it. It was too much repetition for me.
It's a good book that has some advices to keep information in your brain, but most of them I already knew it
The stories are sweet and cute. Easy to love and the characters are relatable. The story could be mixed up a bit, all the rich people were men.
More of an autobiography than a book specifically about capitalism, which is what I anticipated based on his appearance where he discussed the book on CBS This Morning a few months ago. It is entertaining, but not a book I continued to voraciously read...I sort of lost interest about halfway through. Will finish it, but not in a rush to do so.
Please disregard my previous 1-star review, if it still exists. First, even if you have auto updates on, delete the old ad version. This is important. This was my original problem. Kept showing ad version, no matter what. Second, at least until they figure out the update, skip to back of the book. Then do the book funnel steps to get the second half of the book.
Couldn't get into it.
To much repetition of feelings of the characters. Get on with life already! I enjoyed the book but did skip quite a bit of the writing.
This book was a quick read and enjoyable but not so enjoyable that I couldn't wait to turn the page. There were inconsistencies in the narrative that should have been caught by the editor (i.e. Gemma's husband has made her an mushroom omelet. Several chapters later Gemma despises mushrooms). The story-line for the protagonist was all over the place and didn't, to me, make sense. As far as the "twist" .... saw that coming from the first time the character was introduced.
Never received. Cant find it.
This was a good read,but was not long enough..We dont get why the fell in love. It wa I see you, I want you and imma bone you.... This happens all too often in MC romance
Entertaining but very sophomoric and acceptably PC for our times. Did we need to have a gilded age gay relationship that really didn't plumb the depths of either the relationship or the times?
Liked most she found some kin.
An interesting book. Some parts of it I had issues with but I think it's because I just didn't connect with the characters. It just wasn't my cup of tea but it may be yours.
Ok, so for the most part,I really really enjoyed this book.I probably would give it a 5 ,except for all the reference to smoking.. Do I really need to know how many he smashed or lit? I found it very distracting . VERY DISTRACTING.
Please find a more accurate grammar and spelling. It is extremely distracting to the story to try and figure out the correct context and word needed to make the story continue seamlessly.
It is hard to track where you are reading when using Kindle. I am constantly searching for my bookmarks as there are so many stories. Love the stories just hard to follow
I didn't enjoy this book as well as the others in this series. I thought that Vicki spent most of her time complaining and feeling sorry for herself. I know of that was kind of the point of the story but felt she could have been a little more humble and thankful.
It reads more like a documentary. I prefer more action in My Books so I probably will not follow this Author
I went into this book blind. I don't think I even read the blurb. It's a typical fake fiancée/marriage of convenience story but it has many gaps to be filled. This book is quite short, but it was just what I needed since I'm in between books. It ends in a cliffy so beware! The second book is out so I'm jumping right in. I'm hoping the second book will have a better background and fills in gaps left in this book.
it was ok, not really what I had expected. Very readable, disappointing ending!
Riviting adventure that often gets lost in the myriad and distracting technical details the author provides. Though highly imaginative while scientifically grounded , sure to please many, I was often frustrated having to wade through pages of what seemed too much detail.
A good story for all that it stops in the middle and leaves everything unsettled so that you have to purchase a second book to see the ending. I really hate writers that do this, no matter how good their works.
That was certainly a time of everyone having to watch out for themselves. It seemed that each person had another handful of people who were trying to kill them. Mary certainly ruled in a way that once she was deposed, she didn't have many friends.
A short read. Good start for a beginner prepper, but if you're not a newbie to prepping this may leave you looking elsewhere for more involved info.
There's a lot of potential in the plot, but it isn't fully realized because of careless editing. Timelines are broken and inconsistent, and worst of all (for me anyway), it's a serial. The last page doesn't end the story. It sets the stage for potentially endless continuation. If you're in to that kind of reading, then have at it. I'm not.
Changing gets into a habit of over-describing scenes. The problem is that this tends to bog down the action. In addition, some of the dialogue and cultural material can cause a reader unfamiliar with Jewish culture to get lost and miss the significance of what is happening in the story.
The tale gives good basic structure, but the characters show little depth. I never did get really involved with any of the characters. There were no solid relationships. I was amazed when the book simply ended.
This cookbook is okay. I tend to use it more for cooking directions than the recipes. Nice cooking charts for the various Foodi cooking functions.
I look forward to her mystery/romance books. Not much mystery despite an interesting beginning.
Basically it's a good story and the main character is likable. However, it jumps around too much. Nearly every chapter is about someone else and begins another twist that you can't follow until it picks back up again. I do not like the writing style at all. I read for pleasure and if you put this one down for very long you have to recap the latest person. I won't read this author again.
It was just okay to me. Not really sure if I want to read the other books that follow.
Cant say it was great but it was free this book and didn't have a lot of details. not a long read either.
I enjoyed the story & plot, but it involved a little too much day to day routine for me. I enjoyed how the characters looked out for each other.
If you're looking for a decent historical review, this your book. If it's an adventurous and exciting read you want, this isn't it. In either case, the many repeated phrases and factoids and the numerous typos become disappointing.
Takes a while for the reader to follow where the author is going. Once you catch on, this is a good novel that is creative but could go a lot farther.
I read 69% of it. It's well written. For me it lacked spark. I didn't like where the story was headed. Seemed to fizzle, or stagnant. More to the point, I don't read two books in order to get one story told. Love this author, but this was not for me.
This will be the first non-positive review of a book by John Sanford. I thought this story dragged on far too long, and if they mentioned a pot-pie one time I was ready to vomit. Sanford is one of my favorite authors - I eagerly await each of his Davenport and Flowers books but this one was a bit of a disappointment.
This is a good quick Eva Luxe romance read, with a sweet and funny storyline.
Another gem from a wonderful series. Marred a little by a need for some more careful editing here and there to correct a few grammatical errors and omissions. Although it's touched on a little - some more explanation of the tyranny of distance in those times when dealing internationally would be welcome. Some Americans may already know - but there is no explanation of how/why the 13 colonies in early 'America' developed and were created. The 13 just seemed to evolve - so some explanation of how they originated and then became united would add to the overall picture of the times ...?
I enjoyed this unusual mix of characters, & the several red herrings encountered on the way to solving the crimes. Story occurs in the midst of some cultural clashing, one of which I enjoyed learning about. A budding of a romance is revealed. For all that I enjoyed this story, I'm not convinced it would make a good series.
I read a lot of books but never write reviews, but I promised myself that I'd start. When I downloaded it, it had no other reviews, so I decided this was the perfect starting point. I picked "Dark Terror" because I enjoyed the K2 series by Sandra Owens. The beginning of the book had me wondering if I'd enjoy it. Cara's reaction to witnessing a murder didn't seem believable. And there were a few times I rolled my eyes at some of the overly sweet things the H/h said or did (ex. Cara mine. Gabe mine.) Also, the killer had plenty of time to kill Cara between her phone call to Gabe and his arrival. Overall it was an okay book.
It was a good read. A little predictable but enjoyable. I would record mend it ASA travel book. Enjoy it.
Interesting but too much detail that got mixed up. The author should have concentrated on people or architecture but not try to combine them.
Not the best paranormal romance I've read, but entertaining enough for a light read. The grammatical / spelling errors were a bit distracting though.
This book was recommended by someone who raved on & on. I was not that impressed. I LOVE mfm books. As evident by the title there are 5 M with 1 F. The one-on-one sex scenes are better than the group scenes. Some of the writing dragged on to the point of scanning some paragraphs. Details are needed more for flow (woman gets job in new city & goes straight to office before her company owned apartment & she never met her 5 bosses before). Moving past some of the missing details the story is interesting (tech company with 5 bosses & 1 new employee working & living together). The characters are good. Winston & Beck are my favorite male characters with stronger personalities. Anya holds her own with the men. Being a novella there is no time for deep conversations or getting to know each other therefore the love is insta-love on both ends.
More of same, which is ok - you know how this ends, how act 1 , 2, and 3 go - but it's mental bubble gum.
Apocalypse Life by Ashley Roberts is about life after 99% of the population is wiped out by a virus. It could use some editing (“No, were good” and “Is it safe?” “Yes it's one percent safe”, “he padded Jameson on the back”) and is pretty typical, describing a brutal lifestyle where everyone is looking out for only their self. Resources are scarce and people are killed just to prevent them from gaining those resources. Jameson and his grandfather are survivors working hard just to live, but Jameson is only in his 20's and lonely. He wants to find the girl of his dreams. When he meets Charity he is sure she is it. But is she? Is she interested in him, or only in what she can get from him?
About half of us liked this book and the rest thought it was just o.k., but I think all of us agreed it made for a good discussion.
I was looking for more. It gives very common sense information that anyone who has grieved would know. It is written in a simple way and so anyone can easily understand it.
It was good. Interesting. A little preachy. But while I love everything she writes this needed more. ..a little more filling out.
This was far from great writing, but the viewpoint was interesting. I read this as a book club selection and was a little disappointed that it was chosen
I learned a lot about George, about Eric, about the hippie London of earlier 60s. Also now I think Pattie is an extraordinary woman and I am glad that I can see at that juicy part of history in a different and more healthy light.
I don't know what to say, I wanted to stay enthralled with the series, for Deirdre to redeem herself, but she never did by book 2. I had a feeling she wouldn't in 3 either so I skipped to 4 for some resolution and darn it if Deirdre didn't turn into a even bigger glutton for punishment. If you like insanely frustrating highs and lows, the MC's going from one extreme to another, this is the series for you.
I've long been a fan of Julie Smith's Skip Langdon series; and thought I'd give the Rebecca Schwartz series a try. This two-book package was certainly enjoyable; but I think I'll stay with Skip. The two characters are very different (and they SHOULD be; Rebecca's stories should be representative of HER and not an imitation of Skip's personality and character). That being said, I didn't really get involved with Rebecca's character and caught myself rolling my eyes more than once at her actions. I was also bothered by her tendency to freely share information regarding her client(s); not being in the legal profession, perhaps I just don't have a good understanding of attorney-client confidentiality. Even though it doesn't appear that Rebecca Schwartz will be MY cup of tea; perhaps she will be yours.
Very fast reading, but mixing in personal problems with an active case didn't quite mesh for me. Good team of law enforcement was a plus and a variety of characters that kept the reader hooked. But it still didn't overly impress me.
Addicted to this author! This character is ok...getting there but story line drags here and there in certain things....
This was a quick read. It kept me interested enough, and I realize that a novella is concise and short, but I personally felt as if something was missing. I've read many of Melinda Leigh's books and find her to be a really good author, and I'll continue to read other fiction written by her.
Odd combination of P.I. and animal caretaker. Stumbles on human traffickers and with help, brings them down. Plot is not fleshed nearly enough and results not explained clearly
This is an interesting tale that should could end 3 chapters before it did. The last several chapters are unnecessary, and add length and details that irrelevant. Until then it is fast moving tale with a lot of action among likeable characters.
Riley got a job and ends up working with her older brother best friend that she had a crush on him. He was still cocky and conceited by name Aaron Ward, he was a salesman in the company. He started making a play wanting to sleep with me. We ended sleeping together but I was told I had lazy eggs and couldn't get pregnant. One night with him and got pregnant I wasn't going to have a family and he said he wanted the baby. We went on the road together because the boss wanted it and he was doing everything to he!p me throughout the time
Haven't read fully yet
Read ,reread,and read again. This happened in America! Thanks Laura! Please continue and deliver the truth as it ll Really is!!!
I liked the main character and would read more of her cases.
I was disappointed at how brief the story is for the money I spent. I expected more about Con's life, not just a rehash of what I read in all the other books.
I felt like the story had an interesting main character in Zoe, but that the author didnt fully exploit her history to its fullest potential. By the end, I was just ready to be done, because the plot turned out to be much simpler than I had hoped.
It was an okay story. But there was like 15 pages for this story then the rest was from the next book in the serious, Janie face to face. I would recommend just getting the next book and skip the short ebook. It didn't have much to do with the story.
This novella had a unique, intriguing premise and a beautiful title. The writing offered some powerful, image-evoking descriptions, BUT there were some other, exaggerated descriptions that took me out of the story... as did the large chunks of backstory, including Margaret's history which seemed irrelevant to this (Helen's) tale. I think this work could have benefited from a more limited point of view. Life starts out rather tragically for Helen and doesn't get much better. Her hopeful nature and relationships with Margaret and Peter offer some reprieve to her suffering. I think all the gory details work well to remind the reader that a happy ending would be unrealistic, given the character's plight, trapped in plague-infested London. I thought the author offered the most satisfying ending to be had with the idea that Helen got her revenge from beyond the grave. I enjoyed Margaret's depiction of the fire. "Will Helen continue chasing her dreams of wealth, or will she find the value of simply being alive?" Was this question answered either way? Helen often seemed a victim of her situation, which made her motivations hard to track.
I anticipated this series for what seemed like forever! I waited until all 3 came out so start so that I wasn't left hanging, but they were just an okay read for me. Don't get me wrong, the books are good, I was just anticipating them to be amazing and to me they were a letdown.
Though it was a little slow, I didn't feel like it wasn't worth the read.
The start felt a bit slow but it picks up and does a good job on introducing you to the characters. One thing I definitely have to praise is the variety of characters. A lot of different species and types of characters but they didn't just feel like characters there to progress the plot. Anyone who is thinking of reading this should definitely consider giving it a shot.
Story was interesting and kept me reading but the lack of professional editing was distracting. I still wanted to keep reading until I finished, but it felt like a fanfic instead of a bestselling authors book.
I was not crazy about this book. The diverse characters get in to a lot of improbable situations. The most interesting thing was the setting.
Interesting premise, which kept me involved. The writing and character development are simplistic, hence the three stars.
Moved a bit too slow for me. Liked the story line and general direction, just wish it were either deeper or shorter.
This was a very good story, well written. Riley's phrasing drew pictures. I really did enjoy the basic story. What got to me was the firearm details. So much back and forth between the two guys. The first half of the story really seemed to drag on. I knew there was more coming so I kept reading even tho I almost quit twice. The second half was much better. As I'm writing this, I realized there was not much emotion coming thru. It was written but I wasn't feeling it. I did go ahead and get book #2. I'm hoping it's better.
Very entertaining, the need of survival in a world where women were considered as a means to a end. Parents ruled and one followed, society dictates behaviour, woman voice in heard of.
I didn't like this nearly as much as the first book. The humor started to feel contrived and the plot was sooo unrealistic. There were also a number of typos that started to really irritate me because I kept having to reread passages to understand what the author actually meant. I liked Katie well enough but I hated Heather so I didn't enjoy the parts from her POV. It was nice to get some background on Katie's guys. Overall, it was just sort of okay, not anything special.
I did not finish the book. It was ok but not terribly interesting as there was so much publicity during that period. It seems he was not a particularly nice person.
I ordered this for my Kindle Paperwhite, only to realize it must be a type of workbook, because there are "fill in these designs" graphics which - of course - you cannot do on a Kindle. Otherwise, it seems to be a fine book. I've only just started, and it's more doodling right now, but I'm sure it will get more detailed as I go. Just wish I had ordered the actual book. :(
A great apocalyptic adventure story that, in the end, questions whether human civilization is worth saving. I didn't feel a particularly strong connection with the characters, they felt a bit flat, but it was a fun read and I enjoyed the debate at the end between settling for mere existence vs. striving for human greatness.
I was unhappy with this novel. I do not recommend it. I hope other books will be better. I just couldn't get I finish it as quickly as other novels.
While I usually will not read a book with cheating, this one had some really funny parts so I kept going.( There was sex with other people on both sides) I liked it enough that I will give this author another try.
Nice story flow and interesting characters. Liked the determination Jess had and her concern for the theater group. I recommend this book.
Interesting plot, but too dragged out. Each person in the town is followed to the end. Too many characters! Too hard to keep track of them, especially since I would read the novel at odd times when I had free time.
The pacing feels rush after Eva arrived at the school. We didn't get much bonding moments with the characters or see more of the classes beside a small introduction of the land and fight scenes. The villain was obvious if you look closely. Despite all of that, it was a good read.
I read about a love triangle and a baby. It was not interesting to me, but others may like it.
I expected more from this author. Seems to be a bit preachy but hey, it's his experience. I have read other books about this subject with much more depth. His rendition of mushrooms was totally different than others I have read. I guess it all depends on the viewpoint that grounds the experience, but with his intellectual background I hoped for more.
This could have been good but it just wasn't. The hero is not much of a hero, kinda whiny and wimpy.
Hmmm, not my favorite book by Penelope Ward. Totally unrealistic story line. Goody goody characters. The only character I liked was Ollie.
It was pretty meh. The only people that tend to rave about this book are in group studies, so they're really rating the group and not the book as much. He writes like he speaks, which isn't a good idea in this case, because many things come across as unkind or just incorrect. I didn't follow his weird analogies well because I couldn't sit and read large portions of text at a time.
It was slow moving and rather depressing. I found myself saying , "this can't really have happened".
I really liked Kurtherian Gambit up until just after they left earth. Since then it has started to drag and the characters, storylines, etc, haven't moved at all. The Kurtherian Endgame series and this book in particular is just more of the same. Great if you're looking for something easy to read on a holiday or at the beach but nothing new. I probably need to stop and switch to something different
The beginning and end are good, and the underlying ideas are insightful. But the middle drags horribly. It was so bad that I couldn't wait for it to be over. This book should have taken up no more than 150 pages.
I liked the tree stories intertwined with the people's lives but it was a hard fight to get through it.
donot like the mis-use of God. if this was not a continued character story would not continue to read. also we donot appreciate the word cock and detail of sexual acts. is this r rated
Short doesnt go into detail. Mostly cliche. Im somewhat disappointed. Not worth the money for sure. Still hungry for information 🙃
This is actually a chic lit book fairly well written but the recipes are what made it worthwhile. Escaping to a new life of possibilities is always intriguing.
This was a fantastically entertaining book that I couldn't put down. The characters were great and I cried for about 50% of th book. I would have given it a higher rating, but just have a feeling it won't stick with me long-term. But I'd happily read it again.
These shorts seem very random, but they're entertaining enough. My favorite was the story about when she was 12 and got her period.
This book lacks all of the charm and interesting dialogue of the core series. It was a slog to get through the detailed history. The ending seemed abrupt. Perhaps the author got bored after writing 800 pages of historical recounting.
Had a good start, not a lot of background information, just enough to establish protagonist character. Main theme, the mother of all plagues and its rampage through civilization well-timed. As it develops, excessive self-reflection, shut up and get on with story. Unfortunately it develops into teen-age angst and rage: let's destroy hope for the cure while I indulge in tempt-tantrum. Three stars is really too generous.
Enjoyed it for what it actually was..a short story, but decent to read. Going to read #2 next. Fingers crossed
This was a good story, slow build up with a proper amount of action. Enjoyable character development. I definitely recommend it.
Morgan seems to have acquired a very powerful enemy that is bound & determined to make her life miserable. Fortunately, she makes some good friends to help her barely stay out of trouble.
The writing was fun and the premise was original, but it abused my suspension of disbelief. I can forgive the one-nighter with the ex even though it was kind of cliche, but the deus ex machina ending (of the action phase) felt like it was just bolted on at the last minute. And the black dog? More of a red herring. It just disappeared! So, good writing, bad storytelling.
Love the series and Flavia, but the ending, or actually the non ending, demoted this from 4 stars to three ( and probably should have been 2). So many loose ends were left hanging. So many characters ( like Greta), whose storylines were just dropped. What was the significance of her poetry book? Huh? Or the circus crowd? And we are supposed to believe that Orlando was killed because of lack of funeral business? And what blackmail could be extracted from a penniless Orlando? And these are just a few of many other examples of sloppiness. Bradley's loyal readers deserve better than this. Waiting until the next book to wrap these up? Doubtful and too late.
It was a unique story, but kept me interested
Not really that much of a story. Little detail in how the whole mission was accomplished, thus not nearly as exciting. Didn't hold my attention.
I thought the main character was a really nice person who you couldn't help but like. I liked that the plot had you guessing right up to the end.
I received a free advance ARC copy from the author and I also purchased it from amazon.com. Something I like to do to support my favorite Indy Authors. Dempsey grabs your attention right from the start of 'The Templar Curse'. When Emily Starks is in the storyline, as a reader your in for a pretty decent read, then both Sean and Tommy will face some fierce adversaries and it makes you ignore the predictable formula writing he does. By this I mean, Dempsey seems to always make the bad guys so fierce, invincible, having no equal, ruthless, pay off people to get what ever they want and so unstoppable. An example, when they take the Professor, stab him, then shot him, then dismember him and burn the body in a furnace. Then you have my favorite quote, 'They were a precision instruments, scalpels sent to remove a disease'. Yet they get taken part by a team using tactic's that wasn't up to what the Order of Assassin's used or trained with. Just got too love how the badass bad guys, just put off killing Sean and Tommy, yet they don't blink killing people to leave no loose ends, or even members of the assassin's order. Your waiting for; A) Ms. Starks and Co. to come to the rescue, to free them. B) Alain and his crew make a mistake. C) Tara & Alex will come to their rescue and save the two. D) All of the above E) Combination of B & C Regardless how badly Dempsey hyped up or made the Order of Assassins to be, they get beat pretty simply as both Sean and Tommy escape from them in different ways. It made it totally unrealistic, unbelievable, and killed the story for me. Have to give him props for his writing kept me reading till the end. Since just about every book, has the same theme happening, just recycles them but like the Sean Wyatt character and just wish Dempsey would change it up. He needs to introduce new things to his storylines, it would make for a better reading experience or make it so I can't predict what will happen so easily. Don't get me wrong, Dempsey still pretty talented, he'll fill the void between books from your favorite author's in the action/adventure genre.
I brought this ebook based on the 5 stars reviews and it gutted me into pieces. I've read dark novels but this was twisted, gut wrenching and raw. I skipped a lot of parts (which is unlike me). Read the disclaimer before you buy, this ebook contains triggers.
It will leave you hanging for the second book in this series.
This book is more of a investing biography of Peter lynch,if you are interested in how he became a great stock picker this books for yourself,however 'one up on Wall Street ' was a far more interesting read
A sweet cozy read. I haven't read any others in this series, but caught on to the cast of characters pretty quickly. May read other titles but not a top priority. Mostly makes you feel that you are a part of village life mid-century.
This book has an interesting concept, but the writing is unengaging, rushed. Could have used a few more drafts.
I could not get myself to finish it. Too reckless, dramatic and hard to follow. I appreciate it is biographical and wish author the best. But book is too dark for me
1st part was good, but follow-ons were predictable or too out-there to be believable. Entertaining and moves well but not memorable.
Interestingly plot, but the writing is average and somewhat predictable. I will probably read another one of his books though.
Ok, I enjoyed it, but a famous fashion model is suddenly present when three men are fed to sharks, and another is buried after she watches the burial hole being dug up, and...... she doesn't ask any questions, and just goes along?? Please.
I say it is basic because of my background in assembly and c++. It very well could be basic because this is a basic language. This book will give you the tools to do a lot but don't be surprised when you don't know why or how different things work.
This was a scary story written for the younger set. Had I been a teen girl, I probably would have given this 5 stars.
Basically a near rip of an earlier work and TV series - Wish me Luck.
First there is an awful amount of promo at the end. As for the,story, it's a,good solid story mostly realistic. Likeable characters and well written. A bit slow at the middle.
The usual save the world novel with a sci-fi feel. Maybe the end of Covert One? Spy hero's never die, they just get reboots
Easy reading. A fun beach/vacation read. It's a great way to pass the time. I want a book about her being a mom!
The Sinclair's special gifts added a unique twist to this romance. While much of the story was predictable, it was still an enjoyable read. A couple of sexy scenes occur later in the story.
The story doesn't progress. The series should have ended before now. It is just dragging out. A few new characters were introduced and too much uninteresting background information given. No real adventure or action. Sorry for the disappointing review. The first few books were exciting. I miss them. I guess I am done with this series.
Actually, the premise of the plot is great. But this is a one- damn- thing-after-another story. Most people like those. I don't. Call me a weirdo.
It only explains the basic fundamentals of the camera and filters. Only fit for an absolute beginner in photography. The author does not know that ISO doesn't have a full form and is a Latin word.
Not as good as previous novels.
Not a bad story. Ghost story material. Camp fire scary will make you a little afraid of the dark. Read it for fun.
Pretty short and a little verbose, but overall ok. This is the first book I've ever read by this guy and it was an enlightening experience when compared to his reputation
Hard to follow characters.....sometimes a bit hard to believe the narrative....amazing guy who did amazing things but perhaps not he greatest book in the world
Continue to enjoy reading the series. Am planning to head over to Dark Waters. Please keep up the good work. It is like continuing to keep in touch with a good friend you have known over the years. Each page remembering past times and experiences.
There are 4 stories here.... not 1 - the second one the ending was better than the beginning, but that is what brought my score down on this book.
I found I not only began to care about all the characters, my heart went out to them hoping for success as the story unfolded. It seemed unlikely, but I had to keep reading to see how the author resolved the plot for these odd people. Backman's books are treasures of unpolished gemstones...people in the rough with foibles, but heros nonetheless.
She writes well. Many (many!) references to her blog - left me thinking that I should have just followed her blog and skipped the book altogether.
The story is becoming fragmented . This edition seemed contrived and in my opinion did my advance the plot. The new companion adds some humorous banter
The heroine is cool and the book has potential. But, it is rather short which shows through out the book. You dont really get to dive in to the characters, the plot and the story building.
I'm only giving this book 3 stars because it is in dire need of an editor!!! There were many misspelled words and a lot of sentence structures that had the wrong word or the word placed in the wrong spot in the sentence. I got tired of rereading the sentences with me putting in the correct word or taking the word out altogether!! I did love Leonardo and Mallory's story and I would have given this book a much higher rating if it wasn't for the poor editing job!! It was very distracting and it took away from the story!
This was a strange read and just as I was starting to get engrossed in the story it ended, Bummer
Good read but could have held my attention better in some parts of the book.
Interesting book with a lot of good information. Unfortunately, the amount of detail - dare I say minutiae - is nearly overwhelming. It takes Levin a long time to get to the point, often circling around it before hitting it. I think he could have made his points with many fewer words. In spite of that, his message is important.
Good story lines, H's and h's were believable and caught me up in their stories and just enough sex. I liked the books but whoever edited this needs to be fired. Bad editing, as in missing words in a sentence , there were times when a word is just plain used wrong, as in the wrong meaning. These mistakes unfortunately are distracting from a good read.
Interesting slow read in some sections. And enjoyed the historical aspect of the book And all the characters were an inspiration
I liked the basis of the story. I didn't feel that Jazz was always a believable character.
Not really impressed with this story. It drags throughout and I couldn't stay engaged most of the time. But I did make it to the end.
The story was too short. It didn't really give you time to learn about the couple. It was more like wham bam thank you mam.
This is one of my favorite authors but not a favorite book. The book is full of challenges and the characters are in your face good or evil. The baseline of not knowing who to trust and where to go next is very suspenseful and has you on edge the whole way. The violence is really pushing it for me. Way to dark.
I wanted to love this book and I liked this book but I can't put my finger on the why behind I couldn't love it. Is it because I'm totally in love with Jesse Ward so I can't see past that to give this guy a chance? Maybe I don't know. I think it was more than that. I was looking for something that I just didn't get. Overall, I enjoyed it, it was just missing a little something.
It was really slow and drawn out the first 2/3 of the book. I actually wasn't gonna finish it but I can't seem to not finish a book. The last pages got better..
Decent.action and some characters with possibilities, but the never-can-lose hero is a little too much. Fantasy is great fun...but there's a limit.
This was my first Ian Fleming novel. I enjoyed it! I'll likely read more. I read online that other James Bond stories are better...
I loved his book The Last Child, but this sequel is just too weird and difficult to follow. You have to like fantasy and the improbable to enjoy this book.
Good book as usual but it was too short for the price. I'm hesitant to buy another. I never thought I would have to consider page length before buying a book. I moved on to a different series for now.
The beginning was very good, but towards the middle it got a little slow. I didn't like Gina's character in the middle. I just wanted her to give Mason the time that he wanted and it wasn't happening. But then as I started reading more and got to the end I understood why but it still frustrated me. I did enjoy reading this book and I will be reading others from this series. I got a little confused, on the part with April and why Mason felt it was necessary to help her and basically ignore Gina in parts. I get that it is not okay for a man to hit a women but I didn't like how Mason had to make it his priority when Gina just came back to town. I guess, I just don't get why it was in the book at all. Maybe it will come up in other books that are in the series and I will understand then.
I give this romance three stars.
I liked that the author tied two stories together which are interesting and relevant for folks to know about - Huntington's Disease and sea turtles together with a bit of love story thrown into the mix. Jenni Ogden writes well and this was an informative and easy read.
What? I never ordered this and never got it lol
When I selected this book, I ignored the author, didn't pay attention. Just got it on the Kindle and started reading. It's pretty good and there is a substantial amount of material, but finally it dawned on me the author had to be a woman. There is a lot more concern about the mental state of the characters than what a male author would bother with. It's like that old joke where a couple is in bed, the man is preoccupied with something but says nothing, the woman gets herself all worked up thinking he must be cheating on her or doesn't love her any more, when what he is really thinking about is trying to figure out why he can't get his motorcycle running. Women will like this book better than men.
no suprises really, and multiple spelling errors. Good enough to finish, but easy enough to walk away from too. Glad it was a free book.
This was an ok read. Quite short for the price.
I love holiday stories but these were just okay. I skimmed some of the three books because the love scenes just went on and on.
I really enjoyed the book and look forward to the next one. It has s an exciting and loving story that all ages from upper elementary school children to adults will enjoy.
I love her books. I liked the characters but the story seemed to drag on to me & was predictable in many parts. I look forward to reading more of her books. Savannah Blues is one of my favorites!
It needs a lot of editing. There were many duplicate lines. The story wasn't bad but the duplication of words was distracting.
Some interesting content (particularly Nazi activities in South America), but I did not feel that the author's attempts to bring the main characters personalities rang very true.
The Case of the Haunted Address – A cute, quickly read story with a touch of humor. Good for a coffee break. Mystery of the Beautiful Old Friend - My first book by this author and I loved it! A well written, humorous Christmas story with likable, silly characters and surprisingly realistic dialog. The plot is funny and there's a quickly solved murder, among other happenings. An enjoyable way to spend a relaxing coffee break with an old friend. A Ghostly Gig – A well written story that contains humor and sadness but has a heartwarming end. Who Says You Can't Paint Serenity – An interesting, well written instruction booklet complete with plenty of photos. It is basic, simple painting for anyone wanting to learn how to paint or see if they can paint.
Still confused about this story. Was really really good until the end. I don't understand what happened. The writing totally changed. The story flipped like 3 times at the end of the book. So confused, just left a bad taste. I wish I was warned maybe I would have enjoyed it better. 3 stars for the great story first half of the book. Just can't understand what happened after that.
I liked the concept behind this story. I think it could be a lot better with a little more plot and not quite so much sex. The way Mia was ready to have sex with each guy within hours of meeting them was rather off-putting. I would maybe read the rest of the series if they were half the price, just to see what the rest of the year was like for her, but $9 for an ebook is several dollars past my budget. (Yes, I'm a bit cheap.) I got volume one for free during a promotion.
Easy read but nothing outstanding.
The story is gripping and very bizarre in its gender twisting plot. I'd have given this book 5 stars if the author had revealed where the mystery character had come from and why it chose to appear where it did. Very frustrating for me. Good story, could have had a much better ending.
Overall, interesting but dull. Written from the perspective of one of Washington's aides, this documents a little known event wherein the Continental Army could have rebelled against the founding fathers and installed the General as King. I found the insight to Washington's character interesting, but the tension that the author tries to create just doesn't happen since we all know the basic history of the Revolution.
It's Carlos's the duck's birthday and Nelly the pig is feeling bad that Carlos is away. She thinks she insulted Carlos and caused him to "go on holiday". Nelly plans a birthday party to make things up to him. I can honestly say that this book is just "okay". The writing and dialogue is stilted and lacks interest, in my opinion. Having the text and illustrations on separate pages makes the story much more difficult to follow. It would have been easier and more enjoyable if readers could follow the story while seeing the illustrations at the same time. I have a difficult time believing that this book will hold the interest of most children. The illustrations are cute, however. Apologies to the author, but I think this book could have been better.
Decent read. I wasn't eager to keep picking up the book but I wasn't bored when I did. The book does not flow like a fluid story (which the author admits) and I believe this is what takes away from it.
I looked forward to reading this book but I must say I was quite disappointed. The storyline was predictable, the characters weak, and I felt no bond with them.
Very sad story. Unfortunately, she doesn't find a way out of abuse, Alcoholism and prostitution. Instead she seems to accept hopeless. I hope she finds a way out.
There was nothing in the summery about this being Christian literature. It was a great story that I enjoyed but there was a lot of praying and talking to god throughout that drew out the story unnecessarily.
Mary and Kitty. Kitty was my least favorite in this one, although she grows up in the end. Nasty Lydia is alluded to in this one and Mrs Bennett -- as written by this author -- is definitely Lydia's mother. Found the writing in this one a bit "teen romance."
As much as I loved the 1st book, this one feels incomplete... I was expecting much more progress into the second year. Most of the book was action free untill the last chapter, then it ends. Also found lots of typos so it might have been rushed. Really hope book 3 is better.
Not as good as previous books, but a quick entertaining read
Gets repetitive after awhile but an interesting enough read.
Even in Medieval times, people had trouble communicating. This couple could have saved themselves so much grief if they had been honest with each other from the start. Sex was too explicit; the story would have been better if some things had been left to the imagination. I loved the way that the town gathered for prayers and meals before work and how they all worked together.
First time reading this author her writing is really good and she weaves a very unique story. It was just not by type of story.
Prince Charming is totally all that and a bag of chips. He is pretty forgiving and gracious, just like a fairy tale.
Interesting and pleasant enough, I could have done without all the praying and religion. Also, would like to have been spared the "I am saving the "I am saving the world" and other egotistical references to how great the author was, that removed, it would have been a much better read IMO.
Doesn't move fast enough for me- too many big gaps. Dad's character you don,to really get to know with any connection to the story.
Interesting exploration of the change of the characters sex in this YA vampire romance. If this was this the first book in the twilight series it wouldn't have been such a hit.
Would have liked more of the story. What their future held. Whether children were born. Did the business take off? Unknown answers
Good ending. Can't say I really enjoyed this book though. Kept me engaged enough to finish, but probably because it was a bit like watching a train wreck. Wasn't enjoying what I was seeing, but couldn't look away.
The book moved a long pretty fast and then it kinda just stalled. I enjoyed the book however. I did like it
The first story was good. I was so offended by the sex that I could not finish the second and the third was very disappointing. These would have been very short novellas if they left out the sex scenes. The characters were good but they acted so contrary to the way you would expect a reasonable person to behave it ruined the stories. Example: a elementary school teacher who is all about taking care of children is working temporarily as a nanny and she has sex with her employer in the house while the kids are there? I would not recommend this book to anyone who does not like half the book to be explicit sex scenes
It's probably not necessary to give the ultimate spoiler here so I'll trust you to take it for granted. And, you can be assured this one is sweet and clean. Well written but nothing more surprising than a truly heinous Lady Catherine who yes, with the eventual assistance of an earthbound angel, sees the error of her ways. The Darcys are deeply in !ove, happy and marvelously compatible.
Well written, if a little flowery in places. Certainly it held my attention until one character transformed into another, at which point the plot lost all credibility . I persevered so I could hear how the villain was unmasked but that was denied me as the book ended with a disappointing whimper. Shame really, as it had promise.
Some of the books just were not for me but others spicey!
Actually disappointed with this book and one of my favorite authors. Lots of characters to keep up with but maybe because it is such a busy time of the yr. I found myself backtracking to remember all the names.
A very quick read of insta love with a rock star. That's the story and some of the plot. Liked it.
As always Modesitt balances talent with consequence. This book is a realistic account of someone's life and travails; however, it doesnt have much action. Still, as always, a solid venture from Mr. Modesitt.
The story was entertaining.
Different plot with hero running for president and heroine a campaign reporter. Not really sure why their relationship was such a problem and caused so much angst. Both main characters were rather irritating to me. Good romantic episodes was main redeeming point.
The story was a basic read. I expected more from a story about the FBI. The writer spent two years as an agent. Maybe longer time is needed to experience the more nitty gritty.
The editing of this ebook has unfortunately caused me to rate this lower than the story warrants. The normal convention of separate paragraphs when each person speaks is absent, and causes the reader much confusion regarding who is speaking. In addition, on my kindle there is no space between a " and the next word. This makes for a VERY confusing read and detracts unnecessarily from a very good and engrossing tale. I encourage fans of historical fiction - and by that I mean true history that is well researched, with believable characters who appear genuine members of that time period (true and believable medical terminology of the day, etc) to stick with the story despite the editorial challenges. It is well worth the read and would be a 5* novel without the issues mentioned. The story is a good one, and the life of Catherine, the protagonist, continues as this is the first of a series of novels.
This book has some good ideas, but I feel like it is some kind of preaching/self-help book disguised as a novel in a see-through costume. I did want to find out what happened to Diana, but it all played out far too easily to be realistic. The monthly meetings of the Goddess Tribe were far too didactic to really feel genuine. I do see that they are good principles and Diana's life and choices were good illustrations of applying the principles, but maybe a little too easily explained. G- rated and safe to recommend to folks who admit sex happens, but don't want to read descriptions of it.
Rather Long and detailed but interesting read about those days and people's lives - some heard of some new. Lois Taylor
I thought the mystery part was ok but really didn't like the characters. The main character seemed shallow and rude most of the time having to refrain from doing eye rolls several times and videoing people who were upset with her and laughing at them. This is a grown woman with an adult daughter! I got this book for free and am voluntarily giving a review.
Following women going through problems and how they come together to support each other.
This book was a little pretentious and lacking a real story.
Story line had interesting surprises. I have a hard time with Historical Fiction, and feel it is more than we need to know. Did find it more interesting than the first book our Club required me to read, as well.
I read a lot of British mysteries but I did not find this one terribly engaging, either the characters or the plot.
Kindle book. I liked it
It was fine, but just kept waiting for something more to happen. More fire, more story. Something is missing. Was just ok
Overall I liked the book, but there were a few parts I had trouble getting through. I actually put the book down about 2/3rds into it and didnt come back for about 2 months. Finished it, though and I'm glad I picked it back up.
"It's either dramatic as hell, or boring enough to make you want to off yourself. There is no in between". A quote from this story but is identical to how I feel after surviving this book. I feel like the author was more connected to Kade, when we finally started getting his pov, the story marginally improved. My biggest issue was the redundancy of Ainsley's hesitation, good grief, you beat that to death and quite frankly, to quote Ainsley, it was pathetic, she flip flopped between priorities too easily and considering she's a grown woman, I had a hard time relating to her emotions, at times she felt like a rebellious teenager. Just wasn't the book for me, everything happens too fast, there is no anticipation and very little depth.
I like the setting and Stat mechanics but I came away feeling like I read the Cliffs Notes version. At the end of the book I couldn't form a single clear picture of a single place or person... Maybe the slime girl. I hope the author spends a bit more time on the character and world development. I'm not asking him to spend 3 pages describing a chair like Stephen King but I like more backstory and insights into the characters. I'd also like more info about places. Not just.. A town that bigger than the last town with a better wall around it.
Rather far too pat at the end, but it was an interesting concept and read. The author should have a bright future.
Okay this book was a END for me. Sorry. I found the storyline was strange and maybe if sO read more my wife would have been answered.
The translations for Books I, II and III were excellent. The translations for IV and V were not nearly as good and involved quite a bit of interpretation by the reader!
Appreciate the author needs someone to buy the other books. Not ending a book makes me refuse to buy the others. The H was much liked, the h was overall unlikeable from the beginning to the end. No one could be that dumb.
This book's ok but has a lot of filler in it so it could have been a short story. I read these books to see what the movie will be like.
Liked the different couples stories but pretty predictable outcomes. Sex scenes were exactly the same in each story and boring.
There are some clear typos, but nothing too distracting. It does avoid some romance cliches. Though the female character is Black, sometimes she doesn't read that way. It's not bad though. I would definitely read more from this author.
I'm a flight attendant and just had to read it. Love many of his books but this one had a disappointing ending. Disclaimer: we are randomly drug tested and alcohol tested frequently. The fact that she wasn't ever caught is not realistic. haha
Read better books. Good plot and good characters but the storyline could have been better. Was hoping for a lot more.
I truly appreciate it when Budget books come out and enjoyed this one enough to recommend it. My negatives for this book are in regards to the Recipe Formats and photo Hyperlinks. As a person who often will pop open a digital Cookbook in the store, the paragraph format needs a redo. If you're not going to give exact measurements then at least add bullet points for each ingredient. Lastly, having photo Hyperlinks in the book was extremely annoying and distracting. I did enjoy the touch points on International Cuisine, Container Gardening and how to shop the Farmer's Market. Good job...
The first time Brian saw her in all her baggy clothes getup, something shifted inside of him and he just could not get her out of his head. His soul focus these days is Claudia (the woman he met that fateful night) instead of his business. She has not responded to his phone calls or his texts and has the days go by, it's driving him crazy. So he contacted her brother and refused to do business with them if Claudia is not the main contact. Claudia's life has not been the same since the death of her grandmother, but she is trying to continue living one day at a time and she is just grateful her grandmother never saw the type of person her brother Brian is. She does not like or trust his business partner (there is just something about him that makes her fear for her life anytime he is around). Now they are trying to pimp her out to Brian, their potential business partner for him to get into business with them. The only thing they don't know is that Brian makes her feel things and have her aching fiercely for him.
Read the title and says it all. Mostly sociology stuff. Nothing so much to be discussed at this book. Yeah
Seemed to be rushed in the beginning chapters and just did not move anywhere. The book described the female demon over and over again. I was getting very tired of the trap that a rookie writer falls into. Also many of the character interactions we not smooth as in previous books. The author created the characters and can make them do whatever. So what was the point of the demon's intimate contact with certain character and their soul not get corrupted? I mean come on, after the play up of her having her "demonic body" how did it not corrupt what it touched? Not well thought out. Also the demon was to be sooooo smart with plans inside of plans, yet it turns into a three move checker game and not a battle of the brains chess match. The story right now doesn't seem to be written with the end in sight. This book seemed thrown together or a side thought. It just had so much in the story line but the fragments not touched are legion. (pun intended) Definitely not what I have come to expect from the author.
It feels like it's Sons of Anarchy in print. From the main character Cole as a VP to the strain with the head of the club. To the Scottish biker friend. I am going to try and finish it and hope the second book becomes it's own entity. Otherwise I can go watch it on Netflix.
A little wordy but over all a great read. It helps if you have a medical background when reading this
This was my least favorite of The series so far storyline just wasn't like the others didn't feel a real love connection
This was very clean and sweet. Seemed short. I loved the characters, and the story was nice. A little preachy. Very Christian . Good writing. Good editing.
No knew I Bob Dylan and then we read it in time birthright but pug N.Y.yt? I'm going out tonight
Lots of information, but written like a military text book. I found it difficult to stay focused. Would not recommend.
The characters are well written. The story has lots of teen angst. It is a prequel but just not what I was wanting to read I guess.
An entertaining read. It was not long enough for me. There should've been more detail and more to the story than this.
It was just getting to the good part when I tapped my Kindle to go to the next page and there wasn't any more. If this were a sample for a book, I would have given it 5 stars, but it's intended to be a whole book. Instead, there were a number of main characters, and the book changes point of view with each chapter, because each chapter is told by a different character. To add to the confusion, it jumps around in time, so you are really lost at the beginning of each chapter. Near the beginning of a lot of chapters, I'd get a few pages in, and have to refer back to the beginning of the chapter to check on who the character is whose viewpoint I'm reading. You have to work to understand what's going on, and, although this adds to the excitement, it's a very haphazard way to deal with the story. And just stopping in the middle of a story means, for me, that I won't buy any of the author's books, ever again.
Great story. Well developed. Even a little bit of the occult. Exciting. But I wish I had not read the last 15 pages. A stretch to tie up all loose ends. Almost like the author had a deadline. I don't need all things tied up, thank you.
Like some have stated this was basically a story of a bad marriage with huge rough patches along the way. This to me NOT story about a narcissistic person. She seemed to sound like the victim or sound proud she had sucked it up when dealing with his awful behavior and yes some of it was. But then again she choose to stay way beyond what the normal person would put up with. Sounds like they had lovely children so that was a plus.
Having read several of Rule's books, I can say this one is my least favorite as the first half drags with character exposition. The second ha!f moves briskly and compellingly.
Loved the story but the detail about cooking, Italy, art and paper was too much. Not enough time spent on building the characters. Also the premise that women in their early 60's and 70's would entertain a retirement community is absurd.
This is a great story and wonderfully illustrated. It builds nicely into a compelling narrative. It still feels like it's building, that Daredevil is coming to put an end to Kingpin and then...it just ends. Abruptly. It's like the writers ran out of time or ideas and just wrapped it up as fast as possible. Such a swift end kind of ruined what was previously built. I'd have given this 5 stars if the ending wasn't so unsatisfactory.
I did read the summary and knew that there would be a rape involved. So, it wasn't a shock, but it was no less impactful. I liked the overall story and I think Hillary showed strength in just getting through that trauma. There were parts of the story that wasn't very clear on who was speaking. And, the whole "Larry" thing was confusing at first. I took me a while to realize why Hillary was being called that. There is also a m/m relationship that is somewhat explored in the story that I wasn't expecting. There was a lot of SEX. I started skimming and then skipping those parts altogether. I didn't feel they added anything to the actual story line. I also didn't quite understand the purpose of the ending (I don't want to give anything away). This read was okay, but could have been better with tweaking. 2.5-3 stars
It was a really good book, but I wish there could of been a little more story..
I started reading this book because I want to lean to question better and I feel it helped me in this. However I did not find the book an easy book to read. In some ways it felt like I was reading a text book. I am pleased I read it but there were times I felt like quitting it. Not sure why this was.
I couldn't stand the little girl or the mother. I did read the whole thing. Just some things about it were hard to finish. Sorry for the review. It just hit never the wrong way
This book had a lot of potential. I kept waiting for it to take off but it never did. For all the action it was just boring and not very believable. One of science fiction's most enduring and basic themes is that there are consequences for an individuals actions. One of the characters was single-handedly responsible for a great deal of the trouble in the book and yet suffers nothing from it. This is reason enough for me to not buy anything else from this author.
I have mixed feelings about Click Date Review, and they lean more towards the negative. I enjoyed the premise, but I felt like the execution could have been more entertaining. INstead it was just depressing. I also didn't really like any of the characters, and the ending of the book felt pretty rushed. The overall pacing was also a bit off. I did like the very end, though. It just felt slightly forced, I guess. The book overall was not great, and I wouldn't recommend it for people who want fun drama, rather than depressing drama. 2.5 stars.
3.5 stars. The progression with the case was great, and I'm looking forward to seeing how it all gets wrapped up. There is a cliffhanger at the end, just as in the first book, but it was definitely more intense. However, as with many teenage relationships, there was just too much drama that it was beginning to get in the way of me enjoying the book.
This book was more about the boring Washington family more than about Oney Judge. The depiction of the plight of the slaves was definitely not done. Sorry, but I wish I would not have purchased this book.
I thought this book had great characters & a plot that kept you engaged, & liked getting to meet back up with Ghost's Team, but it needs serious editing.There are unfortunately not just endless grammatical errors; there are totally wrong words used often. It was really distracting. I know professional editing is not cheap, but even getting a few readers to proof it could have made a huge difference.
The main woman in the story seemed unbelievable naive.
Perhaps it is due to some lack of sophistication on my part, but this book left me feeling like something about the characters was missing. They were rather flat. I kept asking myself if any given scenario was going to provide insight and being disappointed over and over. Just wondering, is the contraction of you are now spelled your? Was in this book!
I own all of her books but in the reading of this one i felt like i had read it before because it ties in with her other books... there was no need to tell the same story more than once and charge us for it again
The book was okay, and easy reading, but the writer must have gotten tired of writing because it ended abruptly. I guess that was to lure you to read the next book, but that finished that series for me.
Same formula Endless pointless descriptions Female sidekick for sex Weapon descriptions Beautiful mother cute daughter to rescue Someone has last the plot and producing drivel Shame Where has the clever gone
Fun relationship between the mystery-solving sisters. Lots of suspects. Left room for future books featuring same characters.
Good story but the books are more like sections of a regular book.
The story was original. I enjoyed some of the aspects of the world building. However, some of the plot points seemed to be hinged on luck of the moment, which made the story a little weaker. Overall, though, I liked it and will keep an eye out for this author in the future.
Short and sweet, l loved reading this book. It is about keeping families together with a little mystery mixed in .
This book did not really hold my attention it was a little long winded and confusing.
A cautionary tale about the possible future of a technology-driven society in the form of AI that learns from exposure to the worst instincts of man. Somewhat predictable but nicely done. I liked it enough to rate it a three out of five in spite of the fact that I was distracted by the lack of proofreading.
Elle keeps stringing George along with her insecurities but predictably ends good. Family drama sprinkled throughout the story, as all stories must have.
Hum . . . Not real sure about this book. I wasn't enthralled with the tedious emotional narrative that seemed to drag on and on at the beginning of the story. Im guessing the author was using this as a foundation for the next 3 novels, but it sure makes it strenuous to continue. I did finish and I can say the finish was better than the beginning. But oh, when will Elena gown up and be the woman she could be!?! Why does she give Lina so much power over herself? Use your own voice, Elena! IF I read the rest, and Im not sure I will, I hope the story will move faster!
A good story with way too much adult content that is totally unnecessary. The characters are strong. The hero able to make adjustments
Very clever perspective, enjoyed learning new vocabulary words...definitely fun!
This was a good, straightforward book on what is written in Revelation. Would have given 5 stars, but verbose at times.
Excellent depiction of the aftereffects of WW-II in a particular community.
An old favorite I never tire of... even though it does feel like it should have been a full-on novel. I love all the movie versions as well. The language is kinda antiquated and will surely put off some readers, but it's full of all kinds of vivid descriptions and fascinating ideas about our possible future that still hold relevance today. The template is timeless and I can see this one being retold over and over with random variations for years to come...
How I couldn't solve the mystery until it was revealed. It had my attention through out the whole story.
I really enjoyed it! Classic James Patterson with easy to read chapters and a quick plot. Definitely one not to miss
The author helps us get to know the combatants in detail. Many archival pictures support the action. The various weapons utilized are discussed for effectiveness. Soldier's wounds and casualties are discussed in enough detail to give more depth to the human toll. It is nice to find out more about the careers and activities of many of the survivors after the war.
Decent story, but I had a hard time connecting with the characters and buying into some of their choices.
Another great read. Just love S.Eddie's books. Love Silas and Jasmine and their family. Chimera is great also. You will not be disappointed.
Sherry Lansing is one of the last great Hollywood producers. Rising up through the ranks, from actress to script reader to head of Paramount pictures, her career spans the time when Hollywood went from stodgy and insular to wild and brash and into corporate-run risk-averse number counters. Through her time in charge, she led projects near to her, stepped down on her own terms, and led a life of philanthropy. Definitely worth the read.
This book is exceptionally useful in dealing with your life. Following this book, you can undoubtedly see how to sort out your life. Particularly this book will assist me with managing profoundly. I profoundly suggest this book.I highly recommend.
Deadly Partnership hooked me with the first chapter. Who was the mysterious killer? Roland was a smug SOB, but what did he do to deserve being buried alive? Did poor Wendy survive? How did this all tie in with Paul? The only question not answered concerned Wendy, but considering Paul wasn't totally unscrupulous I suppose she was safe after she did what he asked. Other than his wife dying, Paul Jenkins seemingly had a perfect life up till his retirement. Even his plans to move in with his sister Julie in their childhood home in the place they grew up seemed set to be a bed of roses. He forgot about the thorns. Everything went perfectly -- reconnecting with his sister, son, old friends, old flame, remodeling the house -- until the night a burglar broke in. Death intrudes several times, or should I say gets invited in? Julie's away on vacation, so she has no idea what nefarious schemes her brother carried out until she comes home and gets a ghost of an idea. There were times I almost despised Paul, but in the end he did prove that he could still put a few other people before himself. Richard Gardner found me on Goodreads and offered me a chance to read a PDF of his book for a review because he saw that paranormal was one of my favorite genres. How he found me among countless members is beyond me, but I'm very glad he did. I enjoyed reading Deadly Partnership very much and look forward to reading more by him.
My sister bought this, but she said that she didn't read it throughly, since it had bad words or inappropriate parts. Book is complete.
Wow! I love this cookbook! This cookbook are simple to follow and very healthy as well. The recipes are extremely tempting and at first look sufficiently basic, with this extensive variety of recipes I can make diverse dishes for my family consistently.
Another good Samantha Wolf mystery. I'm not usually big on supernatural type stories but it isn't over done and seems to fit perfectly with this series. I've enjoyed them all, and like another reviewer said, the stories just seem to get better and better. Each book can be stand-alone if you desire, as the author explains who the characters are in each story and each story has a satisfying conclusion, but it's much more fun to read them all and that's what I recommend. By the way, I'm a 68 year old male, so don't just consider them only for girls or younger readers. Now I've got to buy the next one so I don't miss anything!
Good book. Never read anything by this author prior to this but it was free in the sci-fi/fantasy section so I checked it out.
Insightful, witty, perhaps unnecessarily verbose in places, and as with any book, you have to pan for the gold ... but those nuggets are there! This book will improve my writing, even if I do not 100% agree with all of the author's techniques.
Not a huge historical romance person, but I really enjoyed this book. It was a good read that flowed nicely. Author paid attention to detail and it wasn't to wordy with language that was used at that time.
The Murmur took a bit to get going but in the end I enjoyed the book and was racing through the last few chapters. Lots of characters to follow and they all "talk" at some point, so you need to pay attention.
Excellent read, intrigue suspense, whole lot of drama, betrayal, spiteful, confusion, revenge, and a whole lot of healing. I could not put this book down. Love the storyline but a little disappointed in the ending. Definite recommend.
Kiera gets a call, play the game or her twin will die. A stupid joke, until Kevin didn't pick up the phone. Few clues that don't add up, to Kevin now missing. Inhaling a powder at his apartment, almost proved lethal for her. A tense, fast paced story, that gripped a reader from the first when she gets a call. The only drawback for me, was her attitude. Continuing on with the next book in series.
Very informative. Would have liked a little more elaboration on a few key principles but also appreciate the book was not made as an exhaustive study. Would definitely recommend,
Spiritual concepts made personal through characters. Comforting, gentle thoughts.
I liked the hero and heroine. Their chemistry felt real and compelling. The mystery's ending, however, felt abrupt and unresolved.
Which movie & tv shows news.
I loved on how the writer explains everything in sequence, even if it some parts were way too technical and are not for everyone to comprehend. Found a lot of interesting/previously-unknown facts and felt that I actually got something out of the book.
Good read that held my interest! It kept me guessing who the murderer was. Loved the different personalities of the main characters. Hope you're still writing.
Enjoyed this story very much. The mystery and romance were well intertwined. It almost Made me want to believe in ghosts.
Entertaining and not typical
Great story that follows Marisol and Chase from Possess through Valentine's Day. It is a super sweet story that you don't have to have read Possess to enjoy. But is also a very nice addition to learn more about what happens to them if you have read the main story already.
This book help to discover for how to find the right house, flip it for the greatest profit and market it for the quickest sale. Regarding this book privy to some of best kept secrets of today investors, by avoiding the common mistakes minimize risks and maximize returns in the fastest time possible.
A super hot and fast read. I loved the dynamic between the two and the introduction to the M.C. Seriously looking forward to what happens next. I love me a good hot steamy romance.
Mina is a very interesting excitable character. I like the descriptions of the animals and the pet rescue business. I recommend this book if you enjoy animals and the mysteries that happen around them.
Fantastic psychological thriller. Grabs you from the very beginning and never lets go. Will definitely read other Shalini Boland books.
I am so glad I bought this book! It's only been a couple of days but I've made several of the recipes. a lot of information on the Keto lifestyle including tips on being successful if you need to make substitutions. She suggests products and tools she uses too. I'm so glad I purchased this book. I cannot wait to try more recipes!!
Amazing book. I love it. Thanks author. Highly recommended.
I always love a Ken Follett novel, especially the sequels to Pillars of the Earth, one of my all time favorites. I enjoyed the well-fleshed-out characters (even the ones I hated, like Pierre and Rollo) and the authentic setting. Rich and engaging as always. I did feel that Column of Fire fell short in the shifting action between France and England. It lacked the connection that we usually have to Kingsbridge.
Who has never felt ungainly, strange or generally hindered when identifying with other individuals? I much of the time recommend this book to my clients who have summed up strain, unreasonable pressure, solidify strikes or social anxiety. This guide certainly rolls out you think and improvement something in your life to rest easy and live more joyful. The guide has totally gainful tips how to break free and assemble certainty.
Well written, good characters who I really want to know more about. And Big Jeff is exactly the type of guy I love having for a friend.
It's a great cookbook with lots of helpful recipes. But honestly, most of them you can find online. Overall, it's a good buy.
This book is a amazing book for connect your relation. It can help you to maintaining your relationship.this book save you to harm effect of relation.i love it......
This mystery was fun, with an interesting twist
I liked this mystery until the end but I think that the language was the problem and for some reason I didn't realize it until near the end of the story. I liked some of the characters but could not give a higher star review.
I enjoyed this book. It has strong,and intelligent characters. I really look forward to reading more books by this author.
Good read. Enjoyed the plot, but too many characters with similar names. If you don't read this in one sitting, you forget who the folks are and have to go back and reread. Anyway, it was an enjoyable book.
Another one of Craig Johnson's surprise endings! I love horses and he wrote a lot about them in this book.
This is a great read. The characters were more than believable (unlike most books in this genre). It seems I was connected on an emotional level from the first chapter; part of this is due to having lived in Texas. But it's fun, accurate, and deadly. The trafficking cartels have corrupted almost everything. In the book Tom Moreno, is threatened by the cartels and it could destroy everything he loves. I was pulled into this book's plot with ease and also fell for the underlying love story. I'm thankful authors like Ryan Lawrence can publish on the Kindle platform!
Worthwhile read accounting for the trials of World War II in the Philippines. Not a spectacular narration but a good tale.
I enjoy reading love stories and historical romantic fiction in my retirement. i chose these book (all three of the St.James siblings' stories) because I like also to see where the characters' stories go after the conclusion of the book. So far as the storyline was concerned, it was really good, as were those of the other two siblings, but I didn't think the episode of explicit sex when David and Vivi finally come together was necessary. And I thought it disturbed the tapestry of emotional and social upheaval that Beck had created. She did this in the other two sequels as well. I would caution those contemplating the book to go with the understanding that, if explicit sex bothers you, dont buy these!
Enjoyed this book. Interesting characters. Lots of twists and turns.
I thought this was a decent continuation and enjoyable read. This book clears the stage for the next challenge of Victory - Lisa Meyers. I also would like to see more of the new man exploits. I gave this a 4 star because I think the battle scenes could have been better.
There are a lot of tips on how to make the most of every day without having to live in stress and keeping up with the fast pace of the world. I learned that we all need to slow down at times, reflect and take one step at a time. I can say so much about this book. Highly recommended!
Awesome read lots of twists and turns and visits to different realms and fairytale characters and some who you think of as good that turn out evil. Awesome storyline and love the variation of the characters
Enjoyed the storyline. Wish there was more.
Once again the Green Riders are knee deep in intrigue and adventure. Second Empire is hounding the kingdom on multiple fronts and the clash of powers is deadly to many....I can't wait for the next one!
Enjoyable read with reference to Florence Nightingale. As a nurse I enjoyed learning about nursing in this era. Great characters.
This book grabs your attention in the very beginning and keeps you captivated until the very end. I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Great continued development of Charlie Moon and Scott Parris - great to encounter a mystery where there are really two lead characters - no sidekicks here. Excellent plot - hard to put down.
A great book, just wish majoring of books are series. I want to read finish and not be left wondering what happened.
The thrills keep coming for Alex Vane. And I enjoyed this, since it is somewhat timely with the cybersecurity aspect. Not to mention that I work in the field. Made me not want to put it down.
At first I thought 'where is this going'? Seven pieces of the moon? Twists lead to understanding and time leads to a story I'm glad I stuck with. That's all so I don't give it away.
I loved The dash diet weight loss Solution. Never hungry. I would recommend this diet. Also the menus are well rounded. Try it. Has lots of the information need thanks.
Born to be Different is a cute book that teaches about the differences in people. The story is short with simple illustrations and a positive message.
a good read .... it does stand on its own when compared to Agatha Christie but the story had too many points of comparison to Christie's AND THEN THERE WERE NONE
I have carefully read this guide and extracted a lot of knowledge from it. Which has been instrumental in shaping my career. Moreover, I was able to learn the programming language and manage applications very easily. Thanks.
Like Harry Potter and Cole Phelps made a book together, love the series
It started out slow, but enjoyed the hunt,the game of love. Society rules,and women exploring their freedom secretly. Best of all the adventures, action that finally exploded at the end, great ending.
This medieval novel was action packed with a of twists. Stealing a bride to avenge the death of his wife I would definitely recommend
Still like Lynn Raye Harris versions of Hot better! This book was Good, but not quite as exciting for me!
The Instant Pot since this book makes it seem very easy to use and gives great recipes. For anyone just looking to get started, this is a great resource to have on hand.
I lived in Japan for many years and it translates well if you have had that experience.
Tom is always a good read but his books just go on and one and on......... Plausible story line especially in light of today's news.
This was a cute story and I enjoyed it very much.
Zach is found with a head injury in a hiking path that Charlie was on. She nurses him back to health but he's missing the last few years of his life. She helps him cope with the memory lapse by taking him to a family cabin to rest and recover. It was never explained how he was injured and who did it. You wonder if it was his business partner and fiancee but are never told. She thinks that she loves her neighbor Kirk who is a doctor where she works. Zach falls quickly for Charlie but she needs to see Kirk's true character before she realizes that Zach has much more to offer her. It's cute, light, no bad guys making trouble for main characters. A quick read.
This book was worth the read. It Seemed to drag a bit as it took forever for Breckenridge and Heather to get to their real feelings of love....
It's been so long since I read this that I can't remember details about the normal things I mention in reviews. I only remember that I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. It was fun to see a non-magical person thrive in a magical world, and everything flowed together. Diverse characters were the cherry on top.
The author does a real good job with the characters and how she describes them so perfectly. You can imagine being there with them as they are doing great one minute and sad the nest minute. Sorry that she had a miscarriage as bad as she wanted a baby but always hope for great things to happen in the future. A great read.
All the Wolf Mountain Peak books are good and this is no exception. It was very nice for Helena to finally get her own book and chance at happiness. I voluntarily reviewed an arc.
I really liked this book, good story line, certainly different from most other alien invasion books. BUT large sections of rambling, it may seem like important information to the author, but you'd have to be a scientist to get enough from it. Big words do not make you sound intelligent! Lots of words stuck in randomly all throughout the book that not average everyday words, some are even rarely used.
Good story. Characters are realistic and interesting. The plot has a lot of royalty stuff which can either be interesting or just TMI.
This book is well written and fun to read, although not terribly suspenseful or thrilling. The characters are well developed and likeable and the plot is good.
The book read fast and easy but was hard to get through the blood and guts. This was more a horror story than a mystery. Too much violence for me.
Light hearted and romantic . Not realistic, but a great story. Easy characters to get to know. The books are great individual stories, but the three book set is a treat.
Good book. Good character development. Somewhat gory. Shows a lot about the mess that our legal system is in. Not in the same author class as Lee Child and John Sandford but I would buy and read another of Trainer's books.
Really good book for beginners. Weight Watchers is a great dieting program that is going to help you to lose weight in a safe and effective way. It contains various delicious and super healthy recipes for everyday meal. Absolutely worth getting in your cookbook collection.
This was a very good series more than worth the .99 it cost. For those who like a good paranormal romance and mystery you will enjoy this book.
As a 11 year old youngster I loved this book with its stunning pictures along with accurate drawings of the Wings of Fire dragon tribes, however some scenes of violence may be graphic for young readers like me such as dragons killed in gruesome ways. All in all, I did enjoy this graphic novel even though I don't particularly like graphic novels but I hope you like it too random reader. waffles
I really enjoyed this story. The simple investigation of murder by an unlikely pair is both interesting and fun to read.
I liked this book a good deal. Takes a few pages to get into, but the story progresses nicely and I do like the universe and the characters. I recommend it.
I read through it once to understand the message. I plan to go back through it and put it in practice. So I can't say that it worked for me yet but I can say it was an easy read and interesting.
Having read book 1 in this series, it was fun to see more of and get to know Doug, and also to learn that the problem in book 1 got resolved. I am not usually drawn to books with paranormal happenings, but I found Mina's gift believable. (Not the cookie connection, however!) I did not read this book as a romance, but rather an explanation of Mina's and Bernie's lives. I like happy endings, so was satisfied.
Living in Japan for 8 years, now that I'm back in the states made me miss that nightlife with hostess girls, and I was always fascinated with the Yakuza underworld and the family affected.
Although the story adds little to our store of knowledge about the Middle Ages and few surprises, it is an entertaining tale.
This author is one I know I can count on for a great read. This book is no exception. Miranda Montgomery has loved Dexter Kendrick since her family took him in when they were young. He's her brother's best friend and she's sure he doesn't know she exists. Dexter comes from an abusive family background and lives in fear he will become like his father. He believes he doesn't deserve Miranda, in spite of the strong attraction. He also knows her brother's will kill him if he makes any moves toward her, and especially if he hurts her. So he keeps his distance, maintaining a tight control on his emotions, until Miranda is attacked.
Good details about the Alamo . Some good information about the Alamo. But lacking information in other battles for Texas independence .
Building new habits is one of the most challenging and most rewarding processes. I liked this way that what the author described here, all these are very effective techniques & easy to follow outlines. Read this guidebook right now to learn some easy, powerful strategies for changing your odd habits. Here you will get not only guides but also various essential tips, strategies, outlines, lessons and other related things. So dont leave without reading this such an amazing book.
I love, love, love these books. This was another great book by Hadena James. However, there was a bit of a problem with the editing. 5 stars once that issue is taken care of.
For a short story, this was very compelling. Held my attention from beginning to end. The characters are intriguing, interesting and insightful. At this moment in my life a great reminder that we do not walk alone!
I read Little Lies by Michelle Brown, in the Just Breathe Anthology. "Breathe, you can do this. You can make it without the release. Just breathe, you won't shatter without it." It's a short story about pressure and release. Daily pressure from family, friends and social media. Release. Seeking release in the form of control. Finding something that you feel you have control over, in a life that you can't control. It's too short for my liking, but I did like the story. It's very informative, and emotional.
Still highly entertaining, but this felt like a big placeholder and bridge from one story to the next. I wouldn't be at all surprised if the next installment is set 20-50 years or more into the future on Safehold.
Whilst I found the topic difficult to read, it was nonetheless immensely satisfying as I continued with the story. A must read.
Very cute with nice loves scenes. She could or should have been more prepared. Nice light reading. Didn't read the other stories.
The first part is very funny, and throughout there are sections. I got bored in some of the typical life stuff, that's because I'm old and have experienced them.
I enjoy this series.
Most are just on the cusp of real horror, and a few are downright "huh?" material, but all are intriguing and completely literate. I intend to read more by Blair Daniels in novel form because some of the stories seem to be cut short to stay within the format, and think she may do better in an expanded form.
Another good read by isabelle peterson, I can't wait to check out the other stories, job well done.
Incredible world-building in this excellent novel crossing fantasy and the mundane. Wonderfully descriptive and imaginative, Nix easily leads the reader through the magic, history, and inhabitants of the world he has created. I'm definitely looking forward to reading other books in this series.
This is my first read by Belle Brooks and I totally enjoyed this story. I don't like to post spoilers so I'll just say that Marcus' and Abigail's story has a lot of twists and turns, surprises, and nothing is as it seems. It also is a story of great love. This is part 1 and the way it ended had me screaming for more! Can't wait to read part 2!
This guide starts with the basics and will teach you everything you need to know including how to make an account and how to customize your avatar.
In what is obviously designed to be the kickoff to a series, this is a fun, quick read. Characters are a bit cardboard, but when you want desert chases, tomb raiders and not to think too hard it's a great deck read.
I bought this just for me to have an electronic copy. I had given out paper version of this as gifts. It's a great book. It's a great read. It's a 40 day devotional journey...motivational and reflective...
I finished this story in a couple of days due to a cold and the meds knocking me out. It has a HEA but it was an abrupt ending. They all went from being so miserable with her head shoved up her butt to Hugs and Kisses in public. It left me wanting at the end. Like Jodi didn't know what to do with it. It seemed like she missed somethings. I guess a more involved and deeper storyline. I don't know. But I will be giving her another go by reading another of her stories hopefully it's better and will leave me with a more lasting satisfaction.
I learned new ways to pray different prayers aimed to address specific areas of my life, relationships, and others. Will use this book for reference.
Interesting, historically accurate thriller. Novel has great pace an clever character development. I believe it gives a good feel for the turmoil in the Middle East today.
This book is all around made and I collect there will be more books made as times goes on. Indeed, even it will demonstrate to you how accommodating Alexa can be a major part of your life or who does it work or how to take fullest potential from this gadget. This book offered a little measure of information on my item, yet left me still oblivious in the matter of how to use it. the data in this book will let you know all that you have to think about Alexa's abilities.
Great story, just too short. I wish it was a full novel. The characters seem extremely intriguing. Hopefully the author will revisit this story .
Great story, but feels a little drawn out. The narrative is probably worth 3 stars, but the depth of the research done elevates it to 4
Enjoyed the quick read. Although I was able to predict the next move in most cases. Either I am getting good enough to write them or the book is a very predictable read.
I give this book almost 4 hearts So this is the story of Sarah a beautiful young woman that is abducted by aliens. That said she shows no fear and finds her self having some serious bed time with her captor. However not long after she arrives the ship she is on is under attack and she is taken by yet a different group of E.T.'s! So she is now with the other alien species this fella is named Gar and turns out the first group were bad news, think influence you to do what they want. Before she knows it sexy Gar has her in the throws of passion, hubba hubba. Seriously it's a little crazy the aliens definitely have a thing for this hot little human. However things are never quite that easy.... soon enough Sarah finds herself captured by yet another group of aliens where she meets a surprising individual but up she is abducted by the bad guys again oh no will Gar be able to save her?? A cute fast sexy ET read give it a try it's certainly hot enough. ** reviewer for romance authors that rock
Fun read by an author that usually writes heavier stuff. There were a few inconsistencies pertaining to the game of football, but overall it was pretty good!
I enjoyed the books. The story was for the most part interesting. Loved how time travel was incorporated into the story, and how it showed opposites attract.
There is so much great info in this book that I have already read it twice! Thank You! I would have given 5 stars but there were quite a few spelling errors and typos. Other than that, very good information. I especially enjoyed the part about switching from an employee mindset to an entrepreneur mindset with the help of business oriented positive affirmations. I would recommend this book to anyone considering a career change who is entertaining the idea of starting an online business and ways to generate passive income.
A little over the top. He near wipes out two cartels and one leader. He may be good, but I doubt if he is that good.
Interesting story. The perspectives of celebrity media - both how it's used to manipulate the public and manipulate the celebrity- is used to tell the story of an actress moving her way up the Hollywood ladder and the many things she has to hide, fight, fake, and exploit. And then a writer who gets rich off of the ultimate celebrity gossip: the tell-all. It sounds petty and shallow, but really, it was a good read.
What a lovely book full of atmosphere and suspense.
This series just keeps getting more and more interesting. I really enjoyed this book, but it is not a standalone book. You really need to read the entire series in order. I highly recommend this series and can't wait for the next one.
When Hestia leaves her father's home to be a companion, she realizes she's giving up her position as the daughter of an Earl. She also will probably never have a chance to get married an be happy. She has been hired as companion to Lady Eugenia and is responsible for helping her find a suitable husband. When Lady Eugenia decides that they should attend a house party and both look for husbands, Hestia is hesitant. When she meets Lord Price they are instantly drawn to each other. Too bad he's already betrothed to a woman his father has decided would be an excellent match. Will they ever find their way to each other? I'm always intrigued by the whole arranged marriage scenario where the parents don't care how miserable their children will be as long as it benefits their purpose. This book is a perfect example.
Wonderful characters. Manipulating mother. Stubborn son. Loving wife. Fun loving children. It had a bit of everything. It's a must read.
At first I thought it was dragging, then I realized that it was important to understand where her people came from and how she was raised, leading up to being a killer
Her review: Overall it was a good book. Characters made some knucklehead moves that aren't very believable. The mystery and book facts were fun.
So far this is a really good series. Action packed with lots of twists, turns and back stabbing
The book is the perfect resource. I can't wait to try out the many fun activities & help kiddos grow in their relationships! Very useful for younger/middle school aged kids. Lots of exercises and good tasks to teach social skills
I enjoy this book, the characters are enjoyable.
I got restless three fourths through. I don't know if it was the writing or the subject matter. This is certainly different from most YA books.
Extremely well paced! Not a lot of ups and downs but continuous forward momentum. Great characters and sultry bad girls, loved it
A cute love story filled with charm and family. You will enjoy this one. Cowboys hesitate to get in a relationship but the cowgirl know how to round them up!
I have waited for years for this sequel, although not as dramatic as the original, it was very good. I was glad all ended well for our heroes and the world was saved once again.
I really like this book. It has a lot of low-calorie and low-calorie recipes. The ketogenic diet is a very popular low-carb diet. The most important thing is that the cooking does not take more from me, it does not take a long time to stand by the stove. A lot of interesting recipes, I recommend reading.
Excellent main character with integrity. Good read for fans of military and black ops fiction . I enjoyed the fair treatment of military from all branches and numerous wars. The true heroes are humble - this book was a good reminder
Overall the book was very good. I loved the world and the characters the author created. I felt a few chapters dragged on just a bit, but overall I enjoyed the book very much.
Suspense, romance, drama, and strong characters. This book has everything. I will be looking forward to more from this author.
I haven't read the book yet
I feel like the ending was rushed and missed so much! The story was written well and I loved the characters but it seemed to fall apart at the end. I guess I'll have to get over it though as there is no fourth book in a trilogy!
Fast moving story felt like there was more he could have included.
I absolutely fell in love with Owen and Becca and loved joining them on their journey ... Can't wait for Teddy and Sara's story
I am still enjoying this series. But I don't see a world where I would take my son a thousand miles to Chicago to try and rescue my estranged wife (or even non estranged) from the military. And if the shoe was on the other foot I wouldn't want my wife to come and try and rescue me from the military, and especially not put our child at risk to do so. Aside from that fairly major plot problem, the book is still good.
I enjoyed the romance between Elizabeth and her Duke. I also am waiting to see what happens between Claire and Richie. This is a great series.
It was exceptionally enlightening being new to Keto Dieting I have discovered what I can do extraordinary and have now lost 15 lbs since I have been following the bearings in the book. I loved the formulas inside and even attempted a couple. They were astonishing.
Sin and Archer very nice read. I enjoyed their story with supporting characters that rounded out the story. Nice and sweet.
It was sad to leave these characters & this world but the ending was really good . It was complete with nothing left undone . The only problem I had was close to the ending when they went from planning to battle . It just felt to me that a chapter was missing . Still recommend because I loved it very much
Such a sweet book about Beth and her journey as a wife and mother. It's a relatable book but probably a better read if you are familiar with her and her work.
It was a cute story.
Great book and gets your attention from the start. I love all the twist throughout, making it hard to put down.
This is a good history of the Cherokee Indian Nation from about the mid 1700's until just after the Civil War. It basically follows the Ridge family line starting with "Major" Ridge. This book is just not about the Trail of Tears. That is not covered until last quarter of the book. This book does give good detail of how the removal came to be and all the ones that were involved in it. It is very good on that standpoint. This should be required studies for all. It is a very bad period of our history that came at the same time the slave issue was being debated very much. It is hard to understand what people were thinking then but it was a very different time and hopefully we have progressed some in America. The reasons I only give it four stars is that much is quoted at length in this book. Much of it could have been summed up in a more concise way to make it more easily understandable. Some of it could have been left out too. Also I think more could have been devoted to the trail. The author seemed to start on good path with it but sort of broke it off suddenly. But still a very good book if you want to gain a good understanding of this terrible episode in American history.
The AT Large book was a little too violent, but still very good. Bay and Once were 5 stars all the way. Good character development, action, and no wasted words.
Complex story; kept my attention. Ut lots of characters and lineage to track Some of this situations were too coincidental.
Starts slow compared to the first book in the series. However it picks up the pace about 1/3 of the way in. Very well thought out plot just takes a little longer to get there.
I was stunned by this book held my interest throughout. The relationship between the two lead female characters was an unexpected, but welcome development. Although I received the book from instant freebies, I highly recommend it. I am looking forward to the rest of the series.
I love love the Masters of Shadowlands series! I got to see Master Z outside the club. He's this warm, caring and loving dad. Once in a while his dominance comes out and I just swoon! It's definitely a change from the other books but still has the excitement and love!
This story starts off hitting the ground running and never let's up. The characters are both strong and vividly portrayed. The general plot line was fun. The unbalanced focus on the supporting characters was confusing, especially since the character in the next book wasn't really talked about in this one. I also appreciate the happy ending and lack of cliffhangers. My two negatives would be the poor editing (if there even was an editor, many times articles are missing from sentences and words are repeated, although typos are minimal). Also the last ten percent of the book on my kindle was the next book sample, not the story itself.
Enjoyed this action novel, well developed story line and characters
At first reading the reviews, I was thinking there was no way she did that. After reading, I still felt a little skip every time Tris came up. It makes sense. Obviously, I'm not happy about Four and Christina being together, but I'd rather it be her than someone who doesn't understand him or Tris. I kinda wish there was more about Caleb though. I'll take what I can get when it comes to the divergent series.
This was a fast moving story with the hero killing beasties and trying to cope with new world he's bren transported too
This iis a nice book. This book has been a life -saver for me. Very well written and easy to read this book. I like this book.
Very short not very suspenseful. Obvious who done it, and very easy to figure things out. No surprises in the book.
The book really got me interested from the start. Many grim parts to it but definitely a read thats worth it.
And nice easy read - a little wordy and slightly slow in the beginning but if you get past that it's just a nice time travel romance.
The first third and last third of this volume were interesting, fast reads. I got bogged down in the middle section which discussed the intricate details of Hamilton's influence as Treasury Secretary on the American Banking system. However, this biography still merits a solid four stars from me.
The book is about WICCA.The book describes the full access to all of the spells – and learn how to create our own! I have already practice them, and enjoy the benefits every time.Reading this book you will learn secret of Wiccan spells that you can use immediately.Overall a good book.Happy Reading!!
A lot of truth to the novels premis . A bit of fun with historical facts and conspiracy theories .
After reading the cookbook I am grateful for some of the designations provided by the editor. Certain recipes are indicated as light or fast to prepare. I do not want this, so I turned to this book. Thanks to the book, I learned how to balance myself pH, through which I can lose weight, fight fatigue, improve digestion and increase energy. The book is written very easily and understandably. Thanks to the author for the useful information.
Such a feel-good story. I would have given it five stars, but (I can't believe I'm going to write this because I just love a sexy story), the numerous sex scenes slowed down the plot for me. Three or four would have been enough, but this reader got interrupted with more than eight (pun intended). The main characters were likeable enough and hard-working so I didn't begrudge them their fun. However, the plot did seem a little thin and wrapped up too neatly. No matter, it was an enjoyable read, good escapism fare.
Not what I usually read but a good change of pace. If you like lots of action with military hardware this is for you. I will most probably read more of the series. Recommended.
Surprisingly enough, the things I didn't think I like about this story are the things that made it memorable. So many negative, snooty, and grumpy characters actually made this an unusual story and kept everyone on the suspect list. Entertaining, yes, and especially looking back. Enjoy!
Party play boy Jase. Always playful life of the party. NO one takes him serious. Will he change his ways? Can he get the girl that catches his eye & mind? Ellen the single mom who always does what needs to be doing for her son. Works hard everyday and never lets a man in to hurt her. Will she take a chance to love again?
I enjoyed reading this book and will read it again. It seems like a great study guide. At 70 years old I need a study guide to keep me on track.
It kept my interest.
All data what you have to think about passionate insight in this book gathering. Helpful and fascinating gain some new useful knowledge about control enthusiastic, investigate individuals and other intriguing exercises.
All Crawford books have been a good read.
easy read - interesting characters but by book 5 the author needs a better editor!!!
I really enjoyed this story of love, redemption, and rebuilding after devastating circumstances. Noah is such a beautiful character, and you can't help bit fall for the charm, romance, and protective attributes he portrays. Tabby's journey back to self is hopeful and makes her an endearing voice. The two together are magic.
This book started off slowly. Perhaps it was because it was translated from German. But, by the half-way point was reached, I was very much caught up in the story. The true sign of a good book is that it stays with you after the last page. I thought about the narrative for days after I finished it.
Another great read by Lee Child's. Jack Reacher is a terrific character and Mr. Child's spins a great tale that keeps you thirsting for more.
Good read but a little slow for me.
An inspiration to the life Yeshua lived is still going strong today in His disciples.
Although Deepak is famous in his own way, he relates a down to earth narrative that is very much to the reader. Enjoyed it.
You get bang for your buck with this box set. Some errors throughout the various stories. Annoying more than anything. Couple stories were better than the others. Definitely worth a read.
I liked it. If you've read Janet Evanovich, you know the style. The think I disliked was that it didn't end! You're left having to read the next in the series. Most series books do at least answer the questions posed in the book.
Lot of fun. Sympathetic, likable characters. Plenty of action. Mysteries to unravel. Good series.
A good Saturday afternoon read ..maybe too simple in its plot and a not so exciting finish.nice flow to the story nevertheless
I enjoyed the way they led you on a hunt for the real killer , I can usually figure it out which I hate ..had me going till the very end . And one surprise really got me . So yes I'd recommend it.
The premise is good. The characters are excellent. The story was great! It just took way too long to tell it. I understand background is needed, but not so much.
very interesting - another good read can't wait for more books by this author
Oh yes! Lorenzo - such a hot and intriguing character. Is he a bad guy? Is he a good guy? I'm going with he's good at being bad ;) The chemistry between him and Catalina was off the charts! Great story line. Loved this family dynamic. I can't wait for some of the others to get a book!
This very helpful information about disease healing. The book contains many proofs and a good explanation. This book is very detailed and well explained.
These are great stories with witty dialog from amazing characters. However, I would rates these as moderate plus for profanity and sexual content.
I got this book by accident, and since the blurbs suggested. it was not the sort of thing I usually like, I was quite surprised how much I enjoyed it. The pace was rapid despite a range of crimes and possibilities. The characters, even incidental ones, were interesting. I did feel the build-up to the conclusion/final crime was both too obvious and too drawn out, but of course the ending was entirely satisfactory. More books by this author will definitely be on my list.
I gave it 4 stars because I felt the beginning chapter was a bit uneven, but as I got into the story, it gripped me. The characters, location, and the twists kept me reading well into the night. After posting this review, I'm going back to purchase the next book in the series.
It is a somewhat entertaining read. I hope the Dan Coast series continues. The location is better in the Keys.
This is a truly inspiring Wicca Herbal Magic book. is a very helpful look at the Ultimate Encyclopedia on Wiccan Herbal . This book is recommended for highly effective! it was evidenced in the results I experienced.
I could not imagine having the life Tabitha had to go through and yet overcoming and going on to live a life dependent on the Lord. Well done, but hard to read her low points In life.
Well written but I'm lost when she makes numerous references to astrology! She does make me think I should have a reading done, though! Looking forward to discussing at book group tonight 🙃
Loved this installment of the Brie series. Sir and Brie's baby is born. I love how she uses things that she's learned through her training to get thorough childbirth. Too bad that their joy was short lived as Brie's woes follow her. Can Sir make it right?
One of the funniest books I've ever read. I laughed at loud and that so rarely happens. The writing is very clever and witty. In the beginning I thought I'd be giving this 5 stars but then... it's a long read. Especially when the overall conflict could have been resolved sooner had the characters simply talked to each other, which is mildly frustrating.
I've still not made the minimum so I just go on and on and on I loved the book but not this process.
There are many other works in this area. This is a great text but definitely not the only source I would look for in this area.
I actually liked this story quite a bit. I was worried about the tentacle stuff, but the author handled it well. I liked the pace the story develops at and the relationship between the characters. I will have to go back and read the others in the series.
This is a page turner. The characters are believable and the story is compelling. Unfortunately, this is another of those books that leave you hanging, which to me is a cheap plot to get you to buy the next book and the next...
Helps you understand yourself better. It does hop around a bit which may make it difficult for some top follow.
It was hard to put down and I enjoyed the unanswered questions. The characters were real and quite likable. Good read.
Each billionaire was matched with the perfect female. The first stories had more twists and turns. The men had great friends and the upscale bar was the center.
Good first book. Decent story. Somewhat obvious plot. Characters need fleshing out but think that might have been not done intentionally. Future books will/would be used to finish expanding the character. Overall I would say read the book.
These 10 prayers are simple, easy to remember, and powerful. When these prayers are said, prepare for what God has planned for you.
Good read. Like Caleb's four friends lots of future stories there. Caleb and Kira both had a lot of things to overcome but this story answered a lot of them.
There are advantages of slow cooking and of course recipes. The book showed how Atkins low carb diet uses a powerful life-time approach to successful weight loss. The Atkins diet has been heralded as a go-to for short-term weight loss, but our panel of experts in health and nutrition say this fad diet's effect on long-term health leaves a lot to be desired. The book has what we should know before starting this diet.
A detailed explained book about blockchain technology. So much informative book. I can serve as a great introduction and in that regard it serves its purpose I may be a good place for one to get started in understanding this technology which will soon affect our lives. The book was useful for me and I learned a lot.
What a different twist in this, to start with- Darcy's relationship with Anne. Darcy just grabs your heart right away with what he is going through. Sweet story. Highly recommend it!
Chuck and Ivy. Chuck is a Snake shifter and bartender at the Crossroads Bar. Ivy is a Swan shifter bent on avoiding a mate. Then she stumbles into her mate. Hilarity. HEA.
Great book. Couldn't put it down. Love to see the SS perspective of this character. True to historical Times and places
Great book for Facebook marketing. Tips and tricks for new apps and features are what I really like from this book, also it explains everything very well.
I enjoyed it, and there were moments when the tension was a little unbelievable because two grown adults could not be that oblivious. It was, however, a good romance, enjoyable and I read it all the way through.
I think I would have just liked more to the story, it ended too soon... but I'm so happy this became a tv series and it's becoming one of my favorite stories ever told.
This book, "The Complete CBD Oil For Pain Relief: A Step-by-Step Beginners Guide to CBD Oil For Natural and Effective Pain Relief Without Medications, offers you the ultimate guide to how much CBD oil you need to take base on your body ..
I really like this series and I'm looking forward to the next book, however I had a hard time getting into this one. I normally get more and more hooked with each book I read in a series and this one just didn't do that to me. There were some really great scenes that made me happy but I feel like there was not much character or relationship development and most of the book was just Ariel pondering to herself over things to the point I unfortunately found myself more annoyed with her then liking her. That being said I would still definitely recommend this series and I'll be looking forward to the next book and hoping Ariel and her coven grow closer and stronger together!
This books consisted of a novella and a short story. The novella, as a stand alone, earns 5 stars in my opinion. I was not as interested in the short story; therefore, I gave the book as a whole only 4 stars. I will definitely look into more stories from Tessa Dare.
I really enjoyed reading this box set. The characters and storylines where well planned. Each story kept you guessing till the end, just like a real mystery should. What I did not expect and to my delight found was that the main characters each grew and evolved into rounded individuals, a difficult feat to accomplish in shorter stories. Really worth a read if you love mystery with a paranormal twist.
This is a short read, and in case you're occupied with investigating what reflection brings to the table you, this is a decent place to begin. The creator gives a speedy establishing in the history and the many advantages, and rapidly proceeds onward to the different sorts of contemplation hone. There are many tips gave on the best way to give yourself a decent possibility of accomplishment in building a durable and advantageous propensity. It's entirely fundamental data, yet that is the plan.
I stayed up late to finish THE MAN SHE MARRIED because I had to LOL! This romance turned into a deadly cat & mouse game. Harper is an independent woman making the best of what she has. She's smart, kind and realistically cautious. I like Brad for his confidence and plan to make Harper his wife. He is so patient - he takes his time with Harper when he knows that's what she needs. The meat of this story happens after they're married. He doesn't tell her the ugly stuff about his past and that omission will put their lives and relationship in jeopardy. Harper questions whether she can live in his world. Brad will do anything to make her stay. Their wedding vows will be tested. Good supporting characters - family, friends & enemies. Passionate scenes and violence. Some small grammatical errors. There are a couple of instances when I was surprised Brad didn't hurt someone who offended Harper. Perhaps this was an example of his self-control. I liked this story. It was more than I expected, engrossing from the beginning. Worth the price!
Sometimes you just want a pleasant read without having to overly think about the plot. This is well written and was a pleasant journey with the right amount of villains and dashing heroes.
A little studio difficult to get m my head around in the brain in the beginning but be came excellant reading after that
This is a short, fast, cute little book that was kind of like a backwards parent trap. I enjoyed it. It is a novella so it almost seems too short but It was really cute
Just when I thought the book was ending, did I realize that was just setting up the rest of the story. Good pace and quality writing kept me entertained and playing along at home. Looking to read the next in the series.
What a Ride! Fast paced and full of unexpected twists, this ride is fun and frustratingly captures the reader with an unexpected ending.
This book is superb and uncommonly informative.This book is sensible for individuals of every kind conceivable! I trust is that this accumulation of sound moment pot formulas will help lead you and your friends and family to more positive way of life. These conditions are certainly not hard to make and delectable. An extensive fragment of them are appropriate for individuals in Ketogenic Die, Low carb Diet, Atkins Diet, Paleo Diet, Vegan and Vegetarian Diet. They are all things considered strong and will do unprecedented to your weight
Loved the book until the end. Just would have liked a different ending. Overall I enjoyed reading!
Slow start but good story for a beginning to a series. I will buy more now that I'm hooked. Thanks
I read a different author's dragon story before this one and was a little hesitant to read this one. Fortunately, this one raised the bar back to where it should be and I am looking forward to reading more by this author both in this series and the others. Only reason I didn't give it the full 5 stars is that I found the ending slightly predictable.
I've read a lot of WWII history, and I only knew about the invasion of Alaska because a friend's father had served in the Navy up there during the war. This book gives a good insight into the mindset of both sides.
It was a page turner and a good mystery. I enjoyed reading it. I cant wait the read her next installment
Timely and interesting read on todays new marketing frontier of social media . Gary tells it like it is and makes it easy to understand what your company needs to do to be effective.
The Saga ends. It ends on a high note but itwas difficult getting there.Jacob continues to act foolishly and he and Maggie spend most of the book arguing. Interesting she seemed to get along better with other male characters throughout the series.They are not very loving and don't seem to be able to discuss their issues. It isn't until the last few pages that decide whether they want to go back to the old homestead. Never talk about having any more children.
Loved it. I couldn't put it down until I was done.
It is really very helpful book. This is a very useful and informative guide. This book helped me have a much better understanding of mind and anxiety disorders. The author has done an excellent job when writing. Thank you author.
Loved this book. Storyline was wonderful. I am glad that they got their happy ever after ending. I will continue to follow this author.
I was recommended this book in a group and, since I needed something to read and was bored, I read the blurb and was so excited to read this book. A reverse harem, with demons and a sassy heroine? Sign me right up! Although short, this story was pack full of an amazing characters, humor, darkness, and a promise for a unique series that I'm going to eat up every time they're released. I highly recommend! Again, go into this book knowing it's not a full-length novel, but that it doesn't end a cliffhanger either. It was perfect for the price and I can't wait to see what's going to happen next! I fully intend to get the next book as soon as it releases, which is in a few weeks, so I'd jump in on this series now while there's not too many books out yet.
I enjoyed the characters in the book and look forward to their journeys. This seems more for younger readers but I'm enjoying the story line.
This book had me hooked from the beginning. Can't wait to read them all. Fantasy with biblical prophecy in motion.
We should all have a little Zane in our lives. Divorced 2 years, Dawn decides to take her therapists advice and ends up having mind blowing crazy hot afternoon delight with Zane. I really enjoyed these two as they navigate through her abusive ex, her being older than him and her basic insecurities. This well written short was lots of fun with lots of sexy times that are explosively hot. It was nice to read about a slightly older woman who I could totally relate to. Highly recommend. I received a complimentary copy of this book for voluntary review consideration
This book makes it super easy and has a great variety of recipes. The directions are easy to follow. I am very pleased with this book.
A sweet story but a bit to insecure on the female side. It didn't ruin the story but was more doubt than I like. Loved the male lead.
Its a great learning book about lean mastery. A great informative book. Learning approach. Providing proven tips and steps. Appreciating content. Recommended.
The Inn at Holiday Bay; Boxes in the Basement is the first in a new series by Kathi Daley. I really enjoyed this charming cozy mystery where everything in town is named after something related to a holiday! Abby Sullivan is ready to get on with her life after suffering a terrible loss. Buying an old house in Holiday Bay, Main turns out to be just the project she needs. As she's getting settled, a mystery starts to unfold. Helping to solve this mystery, starting to renovate the house and getting to know her new friends (including Rufus the cat and Georgia along with her dog, Ramos), gives her the push she needs to want to write again and live life to the fullest. The cast of characters are fantastic and I look forward to what happens next in Holiday Bay!
Needed something to listen to and stumbled across this book. Didn't expect to like it as much. Not bad! Ok
Astounding book!! This book gripped me like no romance novel has in some time- and I read a lot! The love scenes were excellent but could be more detailed. It was emotional and really just a great read.
Very very loosely was the movie attached to these stories. The movies had better ideas. But these stories were fairly entertaining and keeps one thinking as to what is going to happen next.
An Instant Pot comes with lots of benefits. It is just a single kitchen device but it is able to cover the work of many other devices: pressure cooker, rice cooker, steamer, saute-pan, yogurt-maker etc... This book is comprehensive and will deliver some very healthy and delicious Instant Pot recipes which will be very easy and simple to cook ...
This was an exciting read. My only complaint was the reluctance to address race. I am still not sure if Peter is white or black. It took awhile to acknowledge the color of other characters.I just found that disconcerting. I mean the dog's appearance was loud and clear. I don't care but like to "know" the hero.
The group of stories are well put together. It is nice going through them.
I loved the first book in this new mature series but somehow Chris and Seymour ‘s story was a little flat for me. Don't get me wrong I enjoyed it but felt something was missing and I cannot put my finger on it. Please read it for yourself I gave it 4 stars and perhaps someone somewhere can tell me what I am missing ;
Yiu know it's a good story when you find yourself thinking about it between reads. In fact I stayed up rather late the last read just to finish the story.
Amish books a always good.
Good read. I will be interested to see how the storyline develops. I hope to see new stories but details of his personal history revealed.
Jackson and Maya's story had my hands clenched because of all the action packed danger! I could not give it 5 Stars because it ended too abruptly for me. I wanted to witness the next day at least with them. I felt that was as taken away from us. Jackson is a PJ and Maya is Security Forces, Lieutenant. Both are Alphas in their own right. The danger and torture they go through will eat away at you as you read.
A surprisingly good story of love between two different types. Love between witches and warlocks, wolves and bears. Enjoyed it as a slow day in a hit summer.
Oh I am so really to read the next book . Can't wait to find out what happens with rye and the two guys.
Unique storyline . A good tale with characters you like and that all important HEA. Wondering what happened to that email to Clay, though.
Have no idea why the book has title "Dig Two Graves". Never read anything digging it graves. Good ending. A lot still left to solve.
Interesting read - unexpected ending
Oliver has enjoyed a successful career as a model but at 27 he is finding that he is an old man in a young man's business and that is how Book Boyfriend Inc. came to be. He is an escort who will be the perfect book boyfriend for his clients and make all their fantasies come true or at least that was the plan until he can't forget one of his dates, Bailey. Bailey is married to William, an unfaithful politician, and she must keep up the pretense that they are happily married. When she learns about Book Boyfriends Inc., she believes it is the perfect answer for the lonely life she is leading. Oliver and Bailey become close but things become complicated not only by the death of Bailey's husband but by Oliver having to choose between loyalty to his best friend and roommate Skye and his new love Bailey. Let the scandal begin! I enjoyed this debut story from this author and I would definitely read her future books.
Very good book didn't like the end where you have to wonder until you get the next book. Not patient. I love the story line and the characters
Felt like I was discovering everything with our heroine. Lovely story
Loved this book. You can always count on hilary to give ya a hot read with amazing characters. Always wanting more
The book had a good storyline and exciting Characters. I would enjoy reading the entire series. Excellent story settings and destinations.
If do you want to Increase Retention and Be More Productive with Beginners and Advanced Techniques then must read this book.An excellent guide on photographic memory.Author really did a great job by writing this book.Still reading and want to read this again and again.
Great continuation of the Logan family story! New characters to get attached to. Looking forward to the next one!
Great characters and action. Events plausible and heartwarming. The story moved along. I finished the book in a few hours
Well written. Very few editing errors. Nice twist. But a little too much over the top treasure find. I also didn't appreciate the plugs for the author's other books in the middle of the story line.
Recommend to mystery buffs. The action was good but wanted Megan to go away she was a total clueless idiot in the story
I enjoyed reading this book. It was just pretty predictable
Good book. Story moved along pretty well. Ready for the next book in this story. A b c d e
I feel like the story was only an opener. I could have stayed with all the characters longer! Thanks!
My newly found series obsession
I have read a lot of books about business and also on how to achieve success, and if you've been reading my reviews you'd know I normally rave about how these books have used real-life experiences to back up their ideas. This book is different though, because the author's ideas were backed up by scientific evidences! How tremendously cool is that? I love how short and seemingly concise this book is, it gave me a good sense of fulfillment that I was able to finish reading another book. CEOs and businessmen, who I believe is the main target audience of this book, are busy people and they don't have much time for themselves so I think this is a great book for them to read. But let me also point out that this book didn't disappoint, the author's unique approach to achieving success is quite fascinating, especially that part where he implies something about karma - the idea that you will get in whatever shape and form anything that you've done. I highly recommend this book to those who are looking for a different approach, or unique ideas when it comes to achieving success. I wish to read more books like this.
This was one of my book club books and sometimes I read them and sometimes I don't. I read this one, and I've ordered the sequel and I'm halfway through that and I understand that there is another one still. This was a rich story. It is told with emotion and character and excellent descriptions of the territory and the issues of the historic time. I live in Texas, so I am familiar with some of the territory addressed in this novel and the descriptions are comfortably accurate. I am unfamiliar with the people that moved from Texas to Arizona so this was a vibrant telling of their adventure. As a student of genealogy and history, this gives me such a colorful concept of the issues of the early settlers in this territory. I am the grandchild and great-grandchild of farmers and ranchers. Country people had particular issues and needed tremendous strengths. The fact that I exist is because of hearty people such as the ones described in this story.
An enlightenment for anyone involved in a toxic relationship, not just a partner. This book helped me understand and maneuver my future relations with my narcissistic and sociopathic sister.
Good story, kept me reading all day instead of getting my laundry and yard work done, much to my dismay.
Great mystery, successful twist, engaging characters. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I need to get my hands on the next one soon.
A fast paced, action filled, thriller. Enters with Lady Catherine's visit to Longbourn and it starts with a bang. After Lady Catherine's visit, Elizabeth immediately fell violently ill. Muscle cramps and unable to keep anything down, she was hauled off to the servants quarters not to inflict the rest of the family with her ailment. Mrs Bennet showed her lack of maternal skills, in every way possible and her manners was no better... Mr Darcy enters the fray and takes action to save Elizabeth's life most admirably while he stumbled upon a possible culprit. The hunt to find the guilty as well as finding a fitting punishment, was a major part of the book. Ends in a HEA. Would have loved to see a bit more interaction between ODC but I loved the plot. Recommend.
Moving, dramatic, and ends on a happy note. Overall quality of writing was good. Characters and plot were well thought out and kept the attention from first to last page. Would have liked to see more once Abigail and Liam reconnected before jumping into the epilogue.
I enjoyed the story line and the fact that I could not stop reading. I liked how each character had their own chapter.
A beautiful read that delicately addresses a dark moment post ww2. I enjoyed this book and look forward to more by the author.
I love David's War Gods Own series and while this starts a new series, it still has some of the characters from the War God's Own. I am happy to have this on my Kindle and will definitely be buying the rest of the series when it comes out.
I really liked this book. Sweet not too over the top with the sex scenes. It was heart reaching and loving at the same time. Although I could have already predicted who did what I still couldn't put down this book. I eager to finish it.
The author created an interesting fantasy world and interesting characters to fill it. There's a lot of great imagination in this story.
I love Karen Rose. I have read all her books some i have absolutely loved others not quite so much. This is one of those. Characters were good but again not my favorite, I liked Sasha and her family a lot. Maybe I'll like it better after a reread.
Lead Couple were two Nerds that fell in love but took a long time to get together. Enjoyed the glimpse of there thoughts and motivations. It surprised me in several areas. Will be reading others in series.
This was my first Robert Crais novel and I read two more after it. Loved the introspection.
Nice book for Instant Pot. Easy-access and helpful recipes!
The plot was average but very topical with the current opioid abuse, not as much action as in previous Reacher adventures. It takes along time to build up speed and characters could have been more thoroughly described.
Couldn't wait to start the next one. Twists and turns. Great characters. Well developed. Thankfully there is more since I dressed finishing the book.
I enjoyed this book very much. It is full of violence. A little self sacrifice and lots of love. But what else do you need?
Loved this story. This story is about Genevieve and Barrett. Genevieve bought a house to restore, Barrett Cooper was who was hired to do the work for her. Barrett knew she was the one the minute he saw her. Once they get together they are together all the time. These two are amazing together. Great quick read.
As usual Carl Sagan in full of great insight.
I loved most the characters and their various lives and stories. A very quick read which I enjoyed a lot. I will recommend this book to others
A very entertaining book. Easy to read with interesting characters.
Loved the unusual circumstances and situations that took the characters out of their comfort zone - had me laughing out loud.
I really liked this book. It's quite a bit darker than the other Maiden Lane books. Ms. Hoyt does an excellent job developing the character of Raphael, discovering his many layers. I thought the treatment of his childhood abuse was treated respectfully, without denying it's true horror. I just wish Iris was as richly nuanced as Raphael. She is remarkably optimistic in the face of grave danger (such as her kidnapping, to begin with!). And one of my least favorite tropes is included: the time between first meeting and true love (a couple of weeks?!).
Thank you again for providing an entertaining series of books me to read. Characters were well written and the reunion of Rick and Jane was definitely a tear jerker.
The plot is clever but a bit far fetched. The dialogue between the characters is unconvincing and rather trite.not realistic
... Can't wait for the next series- please ! .... Well written - with many unexpected twists in the tales !
Mind blowing book with various personality types, extrovert, introvert, their attitude, habits, their problem, advantages everything are details described in this book. Also described about psychology, mind reading, how to attract girls, how to impress them and many others helpful things that increased my ability. This book helped me very much!
I'm sad I finished this book and had to leave Beartown and Hed, I'll miss all the characters. This is a book worth buying, takes you away to a town filled with flawed, loving people.
Good read to understand just how many people it takes to put a person in space in a down to Earth style (pun intended). Intriguing to read about the science experiments they do up there and gripping to see Scott's Journey to become an Astronaut (took some seriously hard work and the right inspiration!). Plain speak and a bit of Jargon to wade through, especially the bits about pilot training and the Navy, so be prepared for that but the book is not overly scientific and delivers a good story of the real work it takes to be on the forefront of history. The best parts were how Scott and the ISS crew work with the International community and other Astronauts in a small lonely can in space.. Those bits are truly inspiring writing.. Every American should know about the ISS and this is a great approachable book to reveal that.
Wow! Use it to review your skills or to preview the whole of his helpful books and ebooks. This book is absolute as expected -- an excellent study guide, and will not disappoint. The quality of presentation in the book is fantastic and I don't find it overwhelming or confusing even as something of a novice to this. I enthusiastically recommend this book!
I really enjoyed the book. I liked getting to know Noelle and Eleanor in the process. A fun read.
The story was well written and the storyline well defined. The author drew the reader in and kept our interest throughout the story. The story had intrigue, suspense, betrayal, love, and a happily ever after.
I truly love this book. I think this book have numerous data and very elegantly composed by author.Throughout the pages of this book, you will find an assortment of sweet, flavorful, salty, citrusy, and different scrumptious plans. These delightful dishes are hand-picked to guarantee you have a generous accumulation of the best plans close by consistently. Therefore, this cookbook is a definitive partner book to Air Fryer. I profoundly suggested this book!
These were neat little books. I mostly liked most of the characters and the story line was interesting for the most part. The sex scenes and steamy interactions were mostly lacking and brief so if you were hoping for lots of that you should probably look else where. However, if that isn't as important to you and you like a cute little supernatural romance with ups and downs then I would say to totally check it out.
I did enjoy this story. I like the writing. There were no grammatical errors. The romance was sweet, if a little rushed. Ella was so gullible though. She couldn't believe that her stepmother could be bad or do anything to sabotage her, and kept denying it until she saw the truth. It was hard for me to see her be so gullible and immediately dismiss any warning her trusted friend gave her. The ending seemed a little rushed but I'm glad they had a happy ending.
Enjoyed the story, just a bit too graphic in the sex department. Why is there a word requirement to write a review?
A great finish to the series.
A must read. I read both books one and two and I was very moved. It gives you strength to know that God loves us even In times of troubles.
A tense suspenseful continuation of the arc to save the world from the Emperor. Publisher announced that the next book concludes the series. Can't Wait!
The book is extraordinarily well written. It's conjointly helpful for skilled developers new Javascript.
Very suggest this book.i really enjoyed this read.the author did an excellent job of writing. thanks to author.
Coffee shops and books and lakeside resort towns: what's not to love about the setting for Rebecca Waters' newest novel? The author painted such a clear picture of Fish Creek that I felt I could have drawn a map of the town -- and it's a town where I'd be proud to live. I dove into this book and didn't want to come back out; my only complaint is that 188 pages wasn't enough! I'd have loved a little more story, and if the author sets any more books in this lovely community, I'll be a happy reader.
This kept my interest throughout the entire book. I like the way the characters were developed and more than one plot.
Deadly Aim is a will written with interesting will developed characters. The story is set on the Oregon coast. Murder and drugs lead our heroin to an unexpected conclusion. I would recommend this mystery to anyone who enjoys will written novels. Enjoy reading
I loved Karma even though he was a dog wad very empathic. He and mad dog were family. He helped solve the murder of mad dog. I didn't like that mad dog was killed. I didn't liket that Darwin got run over and beat up.
A good story. Hard to put down. Better involvement in describing/identifying characters. Seems to need a little touch from a female author. But certainly, not a boring or slow book.
A very light hearted romance. A good book to read at night before bed. A feel good book. Makes you want to read more books in the series.
Enjoyed the story of Aiden and Sara. Sara was a day or two away from being evicted. Her boyfriend of three years Jack had lost his job and was not doing anything to help out. Aiden's father had given him an ultimate, in order to take over the family business he wanted him to be married, and he had already picked out his future daughter in law. Sara needed help and Aiden needed a fiancee.
There was a fight for their love as well as fighting for their lives. They were both fighting to keep each other safe. They found each other in the heat of battle. Being half of anything didn't stop a thing. All action and seduction.
This was a nice, easy, fast read. It's a book written for pleasure and romance, not highbrow. I read it to the end.
Its a great book for weight losing. Providing learning approach. Great informative book. Author give full stuff for that. Recommended. Great stuff.
Very interesting read. At first I wasn't sure if I would like it or not but once I got into it, it was hard to put down.
Enjoyable read, but very similar plot to When a Lion Purrs, book one of the series. Even so, I would recommend it.
It was interesting reading things from Kane's perspective since The Mating was from Elise's point of view. Not too eventful since it's basically a flashback, and anyone who's read the rest of the series knows what happened anyways. For a fan like me, it was enjoyable regardless. Can't wait to see what else the author comes up with!
I enjoyed this book and if you liked the first one you should definitely like this one. The world building is unique and fun. The problem I had was the suspension of disbelief was very difficult in the first half of the novel, even when taking into account the genre and style of the novel (litrpg pulp sci-fi). The characters are unbelievably stupid (literally too stupid to live, though they somehow manage to do so) and the science (not the fantasy element of the science but the basic physics of space, gravity, etc.) of the travel and battles, etc. seems ridiculous. Think "tie fighters making noise in space" bad. Could have been much better if the mechanics of space technology were even passable (google and wiki search level would have been a huge step up) and the characters were as well written as the author's other series.
Enjoyable book with lots of action, suspense, romance and sweet sweaty bits. I always love a book that drags you along with its passion and intrigue. The characters are swoon worthy, loyal and staunch. The villains are good looking and conniving. I didn't want it to end.
This was an easy read and a story with a quick pace. Good for taking your mind off of a commute.
Great introduction to the history of a mysterious religious order and how it evolved to become one of the most powerful secretive societies.
Book was fast paced and kept my interest. I would have liked the author to write about Jack's moments in the basement. I felt a bit cheated out of Graces revenge.
Romance, clean; Novella; series but stand alone read This was a light, clean romance. Quick read. Cora is a firefighter with a past divorce and goals for herself that she is working with a single focus towards. Brennan, the youngest of the Fuller Brothers, and always feeling a little unnoticed and not sure of his future. When they meet, a bit of instalove...But, that being said, I always love a romantic read with honest, genuine characters. They both are wishing for more for their future, and willing to give a little and help each other succeed and be supported in their future plans. Even in the face of danger, family distress, and uncertainty, they realize they are happy to walk that path as long as they are together. Love her writing. More of a 3.5 for me as a reader, but rounded up.
This well written story was incredible.The characters and their story was heart breaking but enthralling at the same time. Loved it!
Very cute and short simple stories, perfect for kids under age 6. There were some spelling errors and typos.
Finished in one sitting.I enjoyed learning more techniques to overcome them to reap the rewards of productivity and focus! Had to stop highlighting because I was highlighting virtually every sentence. A Practical guide to behavior change. I'll be checking out all his other books.
Really like this series.
It is a useful instant pot cookbook with so many tasty recipes inside. In addition they are very wholesome and will help everyone to keep fit when they need it and lose weight for those who dream about it. These recipes can be appropriate for various occasions.
Like the flow of the story, could can put it down. Though preview stated this was the PG version, I liked it. Would have like prologue to expand couple years into their relationship. Curious to see if Goddesses would have granted them children. Would have been a great twist.
I want to see how Kevin lives or dies! And does he fall for his best friend eventually? Lots of twists and turns.
Very easy to learn. Would definatley recommend and would read farther into.
Two of my favorite authors back together again?? Yes please!!! I love Elle Kennedy's novels. And I love Sarina Bowen's novels. When they co-author a book, I swear sparks fly. After reading their novels Him and Us, I couldn't wait to get my hands on Top Secret! It's classic Kennedy/Bowen magic, this book - the humor, the snarkiness, and of course the heat! Keaton and Luke are very different guys, but damn do they fit together perfectly. I love how the story starts, and how they don't know each other really - they just know each other on the app. It was hilarious to see them snipping at each other in their frat house but then joking around and sexting on the app - they had no idea! I was really curious as to how they were going to find out each other's identity. I think this part of the book was my favorite - the messages between these two guys, neither knowing who the other is. It was very entertaining. Eventually, they do find out who the other is, and this changes the whole course of their relationship. Luke is distrustful of Keaton, and Keaton struggles with merging Luke and his app handle as the same person. It's an adjustment, to say the least. Each guy has a lot to deal with family drama wise. It was a bit frustrating that Luke kept refusing to accept Keaton's help, but I get where he's coming from. His mother and brother don't treat him like family should, and that's made him distrustful of a lot of people. But Keaton eventually starts to gain some of that hard-earned trust, and I loved getting to watch their relationship develop, even though the threat of it falling apart is always there. I absolutely love all of Keaton's random animal facts - they were hilarious! Also, I wish I could see Luke dance in person LOL. I do feel like the ending is a bit rushed, and I wish that some of the side characters had a bit more depth to them, but overall I really enjoyed this novel. I've said it before and I'll say it again, anything these two authors write I will buy right away - it's just an extra bonus when they decide to write together! I hope we have more collaborations in the future ...
I like Micheal Bennett ‘s character but this story was a little too soft
I enjoyed this story of second chances. I liked the characters and all the supporting characters. It was a fun book to read.
After the first chapter, I almost gave up. Neither the H or h had many redeeming qualities. I'm glad I continued. After her accident, it was like they were two different people from the beginning of the book. I absolutely loved her friends!
we are all here for different reasons. some are looking to save time, others looking to eat healthier. you are looking to lose weight or gain weight, there are different ways to look at your meal prepping.
I found Vow of Retribution overall a really good book. At times it was a little more graphic than I would have liked but having said that it also made the storyline much more real to life. How someone can endure that abuse and come out the other side is amazing. I would certainly recommend this book to others.
This tale set in Wyoming features a female marshal. The author deals with the marshal's feelings of inadequacy in many areas as she tries to provide law an order in her town. Newcomer Chas, a fellow with an assignment, is rescued by the marshal. He has his own past to deal with as he finds himself falling for the marshal.
It was a quick and good read. Absolutely enjoyed reading this book and the insights it has given me into the new up and coming Blockchain. This book defines and connects key concepts while providing a concise, clear vocabulary for learning blockchain. I appreciate this book.
This is the last of the Cole trilogy that I read, and it is not my favorite because I thought it dwelt too much on the abortion issue. This is the era in which I matured, so, having been employed as a writer at CDC, I have some experience in the medical field. R.J. had quite a life!
It's really a beautiful book. It has just about everything you would want or need to know about using beeswax. Great instructional details. Tips from them for success using beeswax.
A very foul mouthed bullying father, a doormat mother and siblings are portrayed perfectly by the author who even manages to interject humor in her story. She is subjected to contains racial slurs, abuse, crime and derogatory name calling by her Greek father who is oblivious to his awful behavior "because he is Greek and boss of the house". There were times when I would have tossed the book across the room in anger had I not been reading it on my Kindle. Knowing this was an autobiography kept me reading knowing the author had succeeded in life against all odds ... or this book would not have been written.
I loved how dark and mysterious this book was. I felt like I attended the school. I only put 4 stars because I expected something more, I guess I felt sorry for Oliver. He would not even feel sorry for himself.
Book story was very enjoyable for me. book concepts was very well. From this i got so many. After starting the reading of this book. to be honest i was feeling bored but after when the main phrase of the book started i can't took my eyes from the book. Really enjoyed surely an amazing Story this was ! eagerly waiting for another edition of this book
Good but not great .. these books are light and easy to read. This whole series was about investigating murders, so it was easy to be confused when going from one book into the next .. trying to forget the old characters and getting into the new ones.
A lovely story about a baby turtle (hatchling) who gets left behind after all her brothers and sisters catch the waves off the shore. She wanders around asking everyone "Are you my mommy?" A simple story that teaches us many facts about creatures found on the seashore. My sons and I learned a lot about these wonderful animals. The only drawback was that the font colour and the illustrations were so similar that the words were a little difficult to read.
The art of successfully using deception is a skill worth mastering if you know how to use it. The author certainly mastered that with this book. Both the synopsis and the first quarter of the book lead to you believe one thing and things change when then the first of many twists happens. This certainly a unique way to write a book and once I got used it I enjoyed the suspense and mystery
Sometimes you need to re-read each letter to fully digest each point, but it is worth the time. We read this book as a study in my Sunday school class. Dissecting each point through the prism of many, was both enlightening and interesting.
Came into this series in the middle. While this series is not as fun as the Demon Slayer series (the cast of characters being smaller, at least so far), this was as enjoyable fast read and I'll continue to read the series.
In case you're utilizing 1 lb. Of solidified ground hamburger or wiener put 1.5 c of water at the base of the pot, trivet inside, with meat over the trivet.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this 3 book collection. There were some minor grammatical errors, however, those are easily overlooked because I enjoyed the stories so much.
This was one of those books that is very hard to put down. I wish that there had been explanations at the end.
Very good information on the healing properties of dmso and its troubled FDA history. Get some today. Word word word
Nice. Enjoyed the story line. Absolutely loved the male lead
Smooth reading. Kept me interested throughout. Good story.
I didn't like it quite as good as the first book but it still had me hooked
Loved this book, the characters and how it all came together from beginning to end..but it could of been longer
I read first time this type book a and I really enjoyed this mystery book. The author did a good job by this India mystery book. I highly recommended for anyone if you want to looking this type book. Thanks a lot
A love triangle between two sisters and a Marquess. A marriage contract arranged by the parents became a problem when Marianne and Alexander found love in Bath.
An interesting tale, subtle no Hi vs and clues as not your typical fairy tale. I am curious to read the next book.
Good book, had a lot of historical facts. Nice character building, made you care about them. But, as mentioned the editing was atrocious. I've seen this on other Kindle additions. It must be the editor or whomever puts it on kindle. I would be willing to guess, that the author knows it's not Brent's Fort, but rather Bent's Fort. Seems like the editor thought the author made a typo, I guess. All in all a decent read and well worth the .99 I paid for it
Not regularly the sort of book id read but rather im happy I did. It was had alot of good focuses and influences you to comprehend alot more about CBT. I prescribe individuals to give it a read regardless of whether its not a book you'd ordinarily perused.
A fun read over all that I enjoyed finishing and I'm looking forward to when the third book comes out.
OK but I prefer her longer novels!
I generally enjoyed the book. Lots of action; not sure about the ending. Happy authors are keeping the characters and series going.
A book full of different perspectives, but it always keeps you hoping.! A poignant look at family, love, regrets and loss.
Liked the storyline. Started out at a good pace, slowed down toward middle with lots of detail. Since this is typical of the Agent Pendergast series, I was not surprised. What did surprise me this time was the ending that made up for the long drawn out plot.
It was tough for me to find simple recipes to get through the day. If you are on the keto diet or just trying to cut back on carbs, you will get a lot of value out of this cookbook. Keto meal plan nice.Very helpful, only thing that would have made the book better would have been pictures of the meals so that way I could tell at glance if it was something that I would like to prepare. Informative, keto meal prep - keto meal prep cookbook
I'm ready to say honestly that I'm not strong in oral sex. I made this purchase to learn how to please my partner. The author gives a guide to action and you will be able to see some illustrations. In my opinion, this will help you find out the erogenous places of your partner and be the best lover.
I thought this book was well written. I thought the characters were well thought out. Roman was a misunderstood teen with a big heart. He had the perfect "bad boy" charisma. Piper was a shy girl who was never truly comfortable being herself around other people. Which is why they were perfect for each other. Piper brought out the kind, thoughtful side of Roman, and Roman taught Piper not to be scared to say and do what she thought.
There are many truths here that hide in plain sight. Like why does North Korea exist.
A regency romance with vampires and a big scope of Beauty and the Beast added to the mix. For the kind of story that it is - a light romantic story - it is a well written one.
I read some of the bad reviews and was surprised at how low they rated them for the reasons they gave. I absolutely love Harris & Lucy. I knew Tessa was trouble and figured something was going to happen but I really thought it was going to be people finding out that Harris hid the issues with Jenna not what happened. I think even though what Tessa did to Lucy, the author showed how much Lucy has grown and how strong she has gotten even though she doesn't see or feel it.
A very nice story, well written, about the interactions of a few employees who have major issues and how the writers helped them .
Human manipulation is a subtle yet very powerful force that you can use to your advantage. An in depth guide of proven manipulation techniques.
“What Happens...” is a well-told farce. The twists and turns that occur are captivating and border on hilarity. The intimate scene toward the end of the book caught me off guard, but the book is a romance after all. I have recommended it already to another.
A quick reminder about the perils of Mother Nature and her grip on us all. Preparing is only half the battle.
Could not put it down, very good book. I recommend
Loss is always part of our life. Maybe some of us couldn't accept or even realize it if we loss somebody we truly loved but we should have to understand that this is part of life to help us grow and become better. Rebuilding one's life after break up is something we need to face and do in order to continue life and be able to face whatever challenges we might face again.
This book was slow moving, and I had to force myself to keep reading, but I'm glad I did. Some people and events are true. Great book for history buffs or Christians and Jews who want to feel what it was like in those days.
I like the Five Hundred Kingdoms novels very much, and while I did not think this was the best, it was very good. I like the extension from fairy tales to Greek mythology.
It was sad that this is the last in this series. Cassidy and Gavin were great together. He was so supportive of her and never gave up. I think I Series with the kids would be fun!
The short book to educate the readers on opening a new business and operating it. It is written in a casual way rather than guided way, wherein all facts, challenges, viewpoints are expressed via conversations. The advice, motivation and facts are presented in a discussion form that I think is a different and effective way of educating. On one hand its motives and encourages to pursue the dreams, but on the flip side also warns about challenges, risks and concerns. Good book!
Nice mystery romance..It kept my internet, it had good characters and an interesting plot, I would read another book by this author.
I thought this book was very interesting to read. I never guess the ending; which is good. It kept me in suspense. What I didn't like most of this story is that Kat was mostly thinking to herself of what happened. If they had the characters talking to one another, I would have rated it will with 5 stars.
I've given up on a lot of the avalanche of books produced by Team Patterson. The volume is overwhelming and the quality suffers. The last Alex Cross book was horrible. Having said this, I find the Michael Bennett books to be the best of the field. He is an interesting character and in this book for example, the out of town setting made for an interesting backdrop for a strong story. I will keep reading the Bennett books, unless he starts putting out six a year.
A beautiful story of the unconditional love between an animal and a human. Nothing else compares to it nor touches the heart deeper.
What a great story! The action was intense and exciting. I enjoyed the characters also. They were very very colorful.
Saw the TED Talk and had other professionals recommend this book. Sinek makes his case and it makes sense, but I feel like his conclusions are somewhat over simplified. Overall. Still a good read and part of any organizational development tool kit.
4.5 stars. This has the lyrical beauty of a poem. I found myself so drawn into Garcia's use of sensory recall -- the scent of trees or the feel of material against someone's skin. In addition to her ability to pull a reader in due to gifted writing, the generational view of family and the related impact of Castro's Cuba make this a fascinating read.
This is one of the best books I have read on Introducing Cognitive Behavioral Therapy . This book discusses several methods to try. Very supportive, easy to read.Recommend this book . Thanks .
Lynley and Havers are an interesting pair who feed off each other's ideas, backgrounds and interests. Both are driven to get the job done and reach a successful conclusion to their case. Lynley is definitely the leader and Havers so sometimes reluctant to follow. A winning combination!
The Fat Bombs recipes in this book are so savory. Great recipes, well written and clear to follow, yummy to boot. They have sweet and savory recipes all very exciting
What I enjoyed about this book wasn't so much the story as the messaged behind the story. Why do we as women become so trusting of people in revered positions? Fathers, priests, professors? Samantha is young and beautiful and the next in line of attractive Professor Peter Bridges conquests, but like all women, she thinks she's ‘the one'. His physical appeal, wealth, knowledge and sophistication blinds her to the real man behind the mask he wears. He is a serial abuser of women. Even his act of seduction from the moment she meets him is a well-practiced pattern of behaviour. When you have doubt, even if it 1%, don't ignore it. Why would he, the charming professor choose her? Why is he insistent (definitely OCD) or pouring them each red wine, each evening. Is she looking for a figure to replace her philandering father who left her mother for a woman his daughter's age? Is she taken in by his better version of herself? When she falls pregnant 2 months into their relationship, her senses become more awakened and after the birth of their daughter Emily, a maturity develops in her character. She becomes aware of his various manipulations, lies, and cruelty of other women, and, over time befriends them. The leopard doesn't change his spots. Once a liar always a liar. Revenge is sweet. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. All of these are present in this tale.
Hey. An interesting and informative discussion of our genes and what they are up to, up to the point where author goes all philosophical in the last chapter. I didn't write that. The force , or something like that, made me do it.
As the series continues post war it becomes more difficult to produce an interesting storyline. This was about as good as we could hope for. As in all of the books, the characters are what keeps the series alive. I would miss them. Good job.
If you want to spice up your meals and your cooking lifestyle, learning sous vide has got to be on your list. This book let's you in on the secrets of the master sou vide chefs. Be ready to entertain your family and guests with the recipes here!
Highly recommend for Sherlock Holmes fans. Easy read. Great for the holidays. I couldn't put it down. Hope more will follow
A real good historical fiction read. The hangman and his family always seem to get involved in bad things when their curiosity gets the best of the family. I recommend this book for those who would like to learn some things of the German life of the 17th century,
Loved the story but it lost steam at the end. I wasn't as enthralled with the ancillary characters this time, but it was still fun.
Well informative book on Computer Programming. From this guide you will ever need to learn Computer programming quickly and easily, from expert developers with 20+ years experience. In this book, has been discussed the basics of hacking. Overall it is a great guide.
A very interesting spin on this type of story. A bit linear but the characters are likable and so the book was enjoyable.
Great book for what it was meant to inspire. It is simple and to the point. Great if you want a list of ideas to help you stay focused but not much deeper than that.
Crimson was born human to two strong supernaturals, a shifter mom and mage dad. On a world where status means everything, she is a disgrace and her father never let's her forget it. Her "boyfriend" loves her in secret to protect his own status, but constantly leaves her without support or even defending her against all the bullies. All she has is her painting. I understood that she sincerely believed what she had was what she deserved, but ooh I wanted to shake her and tell her even without magic or shifting she's an amazing human being. She's so strong to just keep surviving her life the way it is, but doesn't recognize the strength it takes. Then she finds a locket and everything changes. Suddenly she has powers, a familiar and six sexy guards. I loved how they got to know her as a person and were there for her as friends before moving forward. Crimson needed someone, or in this case someone's, in her corner just for her, not what she is. Ms. Wilson is an amazing author and the hits just keep coming. Can't wait for book 2 to find out what happens next.
This book is great! The formulas are magnificent, bunches of delectable and tasty soups, stew and even breakfasts like oats, and pastries like cheesecake and chocolate cake! The creator is a specialist decent at cooking. This is a valuable cookbook on the topic of Cosori Pressure Cooker, which makes our cooking aptitude more brilliant! I exceedingly suggest this extraordinary book!
Though it was a clean book, the characters were not Christian. The ending was rather abrupt, but otherwise a good story.
Fun easy read. Nice turn at the end to keep it going. Sexy, realistic and a good laugh. Enjoyed it.
Good story but too much time spent creating the past . The past could have been the entire book. I did enjoy the character and the time of the event. Hope there is a sequel
Very well writen, Enjoy it allot
I can't wait to see what happens next. I like the relationship with Caro and the elders. I love how protective they are to each other. I didn't really care for Merrick in this book. We find out more about the temple. There is a lot of surprises good and bad ones. This book is not my favorite in the series but I still can't wait for the next book.
I'm a really big fan of Pepper Pace because her stories are so real but different. She always tackles tough subjects and this is another one that does. It looks at current events, especially racism, as more than just running around yelling the 'n' word. She wrote about what I call 'soft' racism on both sides, the issue of mixed people, really interesting stuff. My only complaint is there was just too much with her other characters. This was definitely not a romance. I would have liked for the h and H to spend more time together with real conversation instead of just quick brushes over things like how Adam suddenly started face timing with Riley and the conversations between him and Stella. This is really unusual for Ms. Pace but it's still a good story. If there's ever re-released later I hope Stella and Riley's interaction can be beefed up
Enter the book Make Lasting Changes. As I said this is basically the thing that 95% change books are about.humans are torment driven and is concentrating on the torment of underachieving and declining to acknowledge it what this books is for the most part about.This book is exceptionally instructive and accommodating.Highly suggested.
While it wasn't quite as good as the Hitchhikers books, this was a fun, witty book and I really enjoyed it.
Land contributing can be and should a compensating try. This book showed me the six advantages I could get on the off chance that I need to enter land contributing which influences me to reconsider. In this book likewise I have take in the five strategies for contributing and defining some sensible objectives on the off chance that I need to wind up plainly effective in this sort of field.
I really liked the twists and turns in this story, although I must say the government really pissed me off. It is scary what they get away with! Very good series!
These are very good short stories, as well as interesting. Will let my family and friends know about this author.
Dark characters that make you wonder how you would react and similar conditions. I'm not a gamer so a lot of the story was lost in me. A good story overall.
The beginning and end are fantastic. The middle does get a little drawn out but ends up being necessary to the story. The ending and the lessons learned from his experience are the true gifts this books gives. Enjoyed reading the book, which leaves you with some thoughts on your future and how you handle fear.
I liked this book very much and I am glad to have it on my Kindle. This is one of the recipe books that I come to like right away, the healthy meal plan is wonderfully throughout of with really good tasting recipes. It is well written and well organised this book. Worth reading.
I wished it was longer. I really liked it. I can't wait to read the others so I can find out how their lives progress.
A professional poker player crosses a professional thief. Except she's a good thief, only steals to return ill gotten goods. They fall in love. Two gangsters are gunning for them for different reasons. The finale happens on a cruise ship. Fun read, but way far from credible. Any questions?
This was an engaging story my girls found exciting and love finding the repeating animals. Thanking for activating their imagination.
I really enjoyed this book. Beth has a way of bringing her characters to life. They are like people you know and are friends with. The story took several interesting turns which kept you pushing on to the next chapter.
Draws you in, makes you care about the characters
These recipes are instant and easy to make has many healthy properties availabale in the book. This is one of the best recipes book in my kindle collection. So I love to follow it to make delicious healthy recipes thanks.
I enjoyed the book but the first 40% was confusing. Too many subplots and characters going in every direction but with each other.
I highly recommend it. Lately, I been reading a lot of romance novels. This one does not disappoint. I look forward to reading the sequel.
It was painful to read. The end with the torture felt like too much.
A very good book with an abundance of twists and turns. I recommend all mystery lovers to read this series.
Informative book!! A very good book Summary & Analysis. I highly recommended it.
I enjoyed this story a lot. The characters were great. I could really relate to Tori and what she had wanted out of her senior year. She wanted to make the most of it and to go after something that she had wanted for years. I really appreciated that. The characters were well written and relate-able. Tori is taking her cue from some older romantic movies on how to get the guy that you like/want when you are out of the same social circles. I really enjoyed both Tori and Colt along with the rest of the characters that we are introduced to (that they are close too). I would love to read their stories as well so will definitely be checking out the rest of this series. The story flowed very smoothly and while I would have loved to have gotten more of Colt and Tori together, I'm hoping that in the other books in this series we will get to see some of that. I was pulled in from beginning to end and was not ready for it to be over yet.
The plans are anything but difficult to pursue and I adored the photos. The supper plan included with every week was useful also. In any case, despite the fact that every individual formula had the calorie check, it would have been pleasant to have the days absolute calorie include incorporated into the day.
I usually enjoy this Writer's work but this book seemed to drag at times frequently repeating the storyline. Still worth a read.
I enjoyed reading this one. The only thing I don't like is they the chapters go from him to her. I just never liked that in any book. I will definitely buy the next one.
I enjoy to read and get to know Ruth, I know about the Holocaust but this was a totally different view, her view.
What I found so interesting in this book is a new words/language! I found it entertaining. It was such a good book. Jenna and Finn's relationship slowly built and I love that. His kids were so adorable!
Nora Roberts wrote another good Eve and Rourke book. It kept my interest and I enjoyed the relationship of Eve and Rourke.
Interesting book.This book will help you learn how to be financially independent. The book teaches you how to manage your schedule and be more productive while wasting less time.
I thought that the writing was crisp! It had a good plot and the characters were well written. So, if you want a good read! You should purchase now.
First time around I read the book, then I got the audible version read by Steve West. He's excellent and brings life to the wonderful story. I liked the writing very much - a bit otherworldly with plenty of adventure and mystery. Why not 5 stars? I use the same rating for all books, so I reserve 5 stars for true masterpieces. This is by no means a masterpiece but it brings a lot of reading enjoyment.
Saving Emma was a story with lots of mystery, suspense and of course romance. The story and characters were well written The story flowed nicely I voluntarily reviewed an arc copy
Readable and enjoyable. A good way to end the original Dauntless stories. Worth reading the whole series of you don't mind suspending a bit of realism.
The Mediterranean diet has been practiced for a long, long time and has numerous health benefits. There are many delicious recipes at the end of the book that make my mouth water and plenty of choices to replace less healthy foods. Highly recommended it.
If you like to hate the bad guy but can't wait to see what he's up to next, this set will keep you up at night. Great read.
I hope that this book will help me overcome my insecurity, restraint, my fears in dealing with people. Here I learned about empathy, its signs, work with energy, protection from energy vampires, emotional healing, meditation, practice, communication with empaths. A useful book for emotionally sensitive people.
Entertaining more than informative, but conveys the author's perspective. At times his wife comes across as unlikeable, but that is clearly not his intention. I laughed out loud in a few spots.
This is a good time travel romance, with a likable couple. I liked that this one had the man traveling back in time, instead of the woman. I also liked the way the time travel happened more than in the first two books in the series -- no spoilers here, but it just made more sense to me. I think this is my favorite of the series so far.
This simple and easy to read guide book is written about starting a business which has been deliberately designed including 15 rules of successful business. This book is composed in a very easy method to that even a common man can easily comprehend and implement too. after reading this book you would be able to run your business successfully.
So far, I've enjoyed all the books from this author, I think I'm now on my 3rd.
I started reading and couldn't put it down. I questioned, I wondered,I hated , I laughed, and then I cried. This book has every thing. I just love the way you put everything together. This the first love story I've read that I couldn't even eat until the end when I was so happy I cried.
Great Read! I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical romance books. I can't wait to read more from this author.
Good cookbook. many useful recopies
This series is full of wizards (light and dark), magic and hope, and has a satisfying conclusion, although not a HEA. The characters will still be with you long after you turn the last page. I found myself looking for (and finding) the rest of the story.
Good solid read with some good mystery elements and well rounded characters.
Weight watchers is a great diet, and I want to try it. I took this book at the recommendation of a friend, and I really like the tips that I've found here. Everything is easy to follow and I can't wait to start WW.
Yes, these 101 facts are amazing. I really enjoyed this book and will be looking for more of the author's amazing facts books.
I enjoyed reading this book. I do recommend it. It was well-written and the characters were lifelike. There were some unexpected twists that I wasn't expecting.
It was easy reading.
Enjoyed this beginning book very much and can't wait to continue with the complete series. Starting book number 2 as soon as possible!
A great read. Educational, informative, and practical.
A poor person would think this story was totally nonsensical. I don't live paycheck to paycheck, but I have. The wasted money bothered me more than family interfering in a marriage. Ok, the story was humorous and everything worked out once the characters started being honest with each other but any connection to reality was missing. I could not relate to the characters, so the emotional connection for me was missing.
Not just stories but good applications. A way of challenging our view of the call of Christ to love our neighbors as ourselves.
I really enjoyed this book. I've read a lot of the newer books also and just found this one. I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it after reading some of the later ones but I really did. Apparently once you have the background on the characters, you can read them out of order.
I enjoyed this book, and had a hard time putting it down until i finished it. The reason I give 4 stars instead of 5, is because there is a little bit of cheesiness throughout. I do plan on reading the next book in the series, so maybe it deserves 4 1/2 stars?
This book's been waiting some time for me to read it. And it probably would have been better if I'd read the previous book, The One, more recently to remind me of Logan's story. That said, an enjoyable read.
Pulls you in and never lets you go!
A surprisingly great short suspense, ranging from horror to detective novels. Great author and great writing. Not edge of your seat stuff but definitely appreciating the writing. The story generally is very good and entertaining.
---in a good way. Liked it so much I bought the next book.
Stayed up most of the night reading it. Looking forwards to the next one. Not too deep but fun.
Fun read. Twists and turns, a bunch of attitude, and a little sarcasm, all spiced with danger and magic. I'll be back for more.
I liked that the story covered the loss and the reunion of two people meant for each other and explained the times and traditions of the era.
A bit slow in parts especially reading the series in order but overall a good read. On to the next one in audible.
Very entertaining book. She is a great writer!
I found the content interesting. There is a wealth of information in this book that makes it very worth digging through. It explained the reasoning behind going raw, provided recipes and encouragement. This book was exactly what I was looking for: detailed nutritional information and some menu plans. Recipes that I tried were very good, simple to make and interesting blends of flavors and textures. If you're interested in eating healthy and losing weight with the Raw Food Diet, you've found the right book.
Exciting movement the whole way through. Great spectrum of characters and interlacing of varied lives. Get a bowl of popcorn!
Reading older Balogh and some all over the place, style not "fixed" in some. Second chance my favorite but ties into other series and new, others just ok without much background or story before the hea ending. Gave a 50/50 plus one rating, as cannot see Balogh writing something someone will just love.
This story not only keeps moving, it goes so fast it's hard to slow down to catch every word! Edge of the seat thriller from the beginning. I loved it!
Interesting narrative but by the end of book 2, still lacks depth, a good story ..... .... ... ..... ???
Virgil & Everett still going.
From my perspective, a weak 4 star - written well and grammatically correct, but with too dark a "vibe" to draw me into the story until the final 20% of the book. If the author can maintain a balance between dark & foreboding and positive character development that builds sympathy with the main character, this should develop into a good series...
This is a quick sweet story, with the perfect amount of drama. Amanda has just divorced a very controlling man. She has started a new job to help support her 2 daughter's. Russell was raised by a very controlling father. Together they make a great team. I received a free copy of this book for my honest review.
Although short this was a nice read. Kind of strange at times but enjoyable. You might find it to your liking.
Once I got into the story I couldn't put it down. Very exciting!
This is very good diet book.very simple and easy recipes.i really like this.
I enjoyed how the pieces of the puzzle came together and the thought-provoking blurring of the lines between good and evil.
A very brief overview of Wicca. This book can easily be read in one sitting. It offers a quick look into Wicca, its celebrations and rituals, its history, and ways to continue the path if you wish. The book makes Wicca very relatable to those who are unfamiliar with the religion. However, you must be open minded to understand the Wiccan people and understand the book entirely. But, this is not a question of whether or not you agree with the ideas of the Wiccans, but it does give much insight into the Wicca religion as a whole.
This perspective made me consider adopting some of these strategies although I'm not an author, but will launch an email campaign for products.
This is the fourth book, and what a book it is. I'm thankful book 5 is already out so I don't have to wait.
This book is for someone who has no experience. If you have any experience you might find a desire for more information.
Mimic is a great series Enjoyed them all
Excellent read. Gets bogged down sometimes. Would highly recommend.
Interesting writing on the Cold War. Character development was good. The frigid nature of the time is evident. Nice read.
This book was very enjoyable the read. The Author puts you into the shoes of Ms Glass and, you can't help but, feel how desperate she is and, the love she has for working with clock. A very good value for this book. Highly recommended.
Enemies to lovers is my least favorite romantic trope, so I had a hard time with the beginning of this book, while not really enemies, Weston was condescending and cruel to his poor roommate, Kendra. He is staying short term with her while his house is remodeled, and the whole situation is just so beneath the arrogant surgeon. She works from home, and Weston is not impressed with her work from home wardrobe or her house. Kendra is like a puppy, though, she keeps trying to get Weston to like her, to open up to her, to share her life with him. It isn't until Weston accidentally sees Kendra naked that his thinking shifts about her. Weston thinks maybe he'll give her a try, and the sparks fly. He is still a condescending jerk to her, but the conflict and resolution was worth the wait. I have been assured that Weston is nicer in the next book, so I'm looking forward to reading Hot Single Dad!
Ask yourself what could possibly go so horribly wrong with a little heist from an old, shabby antique shops on the edge of town? Well, this is one thing I never imagined. This story is just horror as it's meant to be. Scary. It's also a story that will stick with me for a long time. And I really really hate freaking dolls. Kudos Zachary!!!!!
Good psychological thriller. Enjoyed this from the quick start to the end
A good read to pass the time relaxing.
I am a fan of Lori Brighton. She is a talented storyteller. She stays away from most cliches too many authors use. The main character has a believable self awareness, but makes bad decisions due to her desire for family. Having a cute boy give her attention doesn't help at times either. A bit of the storyline is predictable. If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. No sex, swearing, intense violence Suggested for teens and older. Good paranormal mystery. Synopsis is provided at Goodreads or store page.
Good story line, historically authentic but at times far fetched.
I enjoyed this book. Plot was good, had some twists, overall quite enjoyable.
An easy and fun read to lighten up the mood. Quite a few witty gems mixed with some solid belly laugh material. The simple illustrations add a wonderful dimension that captures the hilarity of these tweets.
If you are interested in 30 Day Paleo Challenge, then this book is for you. From this book I learned how to start my Paleo Diet Plan. This cookbook includes the Paleo Bed and breakfast recipes, Midday Paleo meals, suppers from the Stone Age, soups, salads, and a few leftovers from the Paleolithic Era, a few good Paleo Desserts and Beverages. All recipes are saved with simple ingredients and easy cooking directions. I found this book very informative and useful. It is well written and good organized. I really got much new and important information on all my questions on this topic. I liked this guide and would recommend it for those who want to lose weight and live a healthier lifestyle.
I like much from Follett and this didn't disappoint. However I found it odd that he would repeat information we already knew as readers frequently. Yes, Ken, I already know that X person hates Y person, you don't need to keep reminding me 😉
When I started this book I wasn't sure how I would like it. It seemed more geared toward a teen or young adult audience because of the main characters. But the more I read the more I saw the lessons apply to everyone who has ever felt worthless. Whatever the circumstances were to get you to those feelings God can overcome it all. I was drawn deeper to the messages than the story but the story needed to be told to show the healing and - surprise- it doesn't happen overnight! I am glad I continued to the end. The messages I'll carry with me. I would have given it a five but some of the editing (or lack thereof) made some sentences very confusing. I doubt that is the author's fault but it is an issue none the less.
This was a quick and sexy read giving us a taste of what's to come for Asher and Izzy in the upcoming book.
The characters are really funny together and the chemistry builds through the story. The ending wraps up a little too quickly. His injury is magically better with no mention or what she really plans to do with her life other than be with Ronan. A few things could have been better. But overall a good read
I love the characters and town the authors have created. My favorite thing is the relationship between Cee-cee and her sisters. Great to read about a middle aged woman finding her truth and living her best life!
The recipes that can be prepared in the morning, afternoon and evening.This one is really all about recipes that can be prepared in advance and enjoyed throughout the week.
This story is about Naomi. You remember her, right? The bride of Elijah in Getaway Girl? We get her side of the story, and let me say, I liked it better than Getaway Girl. Plus she meets hunky Jason, who just seems to be bad enough to be good. Solid 4.5 stars for the beauty queen.
An exciting read that kept my attention.
This is my first time reading Donald S. Whitney and this work did not disappoint. In this book he presents a problem at first (why it's a challenge to pray) and then advances to the solution (how to pray through the Bible), later giving a homework (actually praying), and concludes with several examples (persons who have used this method of praying). I recommend this book to anyone who wants to become a more disciplined at praying.
This is an excellent book for anyone. It is great for anyone who wants to go vegan or simply cut back on their meat. Purchased this book.
This was an excellent book. The only way it could have been improved upon was with pictures throughout. Just the right length of a story and a great introduction to some of the major players in this bit of history
This book is wonderful! I have been wanting to go on a gluten-free diet and now I have this book to help me.
It took me a while to finish this book. I couldn't really get into it enough, at first, to finish it. The book wasn't even halfway finished before it lost my interest. I decided to finish it today, force myself to do it. To my delight, the story grew on me. I've worked with young clients that self harm. Listened to them express why they feel the urge to cut made me understand more. I've know people that felt suicide was the answer. I watch for signs in my children. My friend committed suicide almost a year ago. This book has a powerful message that needs to be shared. Maybe it will encourage some that's going through depression to get help. I work in mental health...it's real and needs to be talked about. People need no to be ashamed to need help. The ending of this book had an exciting twist, full of drama and suspense. So glad I finished it.
Thoroughly enjoyed this story about a mystery involving the Navajo. The characters are interesting as we're the cultural insights. Learned a bit and was entertained.
The book is Keto Diet.The Ketogenic Diet for Beginners guidebook and cookbook provides us with a variety of 70 inspiring and delectable ketogenic low carb recipes.Reading this book you will find tips and tricks to help you troubleshoot any issues with the keto diet you might experience as well as tips to ensure .Overall a helpful content you can read it.It's really worthy to read.
At first, I was not feeling this story at all. It seemed Dawn and Patrick jumped "in" too quickly and there was no build-up to their relationship[. But, as usual, Christina C. Jones has the ability in her books to give readers what they are looking for...easy-to-like characters with believable backstories and a great love story.
Fast paced and fun. They humor was good the world building was great. The side characters could have been better but overall it was enjoyable.
The author shares her intimate conversations with God and personal stories. It made me want to have deeper conversations with God
This was a nice, easy read with a little mystery and a little romance.
I picked up this book as a filler between series and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. This book starts in a place that most books end-after the war. It was interesting to have insight into what becomes of our heroes and villains in the aftermath of the big finale. I thought the main character was done really well. She was strong, but believable and not over done, as some female lead characters seem to be. The supporting cast was interesting and entertaining. The story was fast paced and action packed. I never felt bored or bogged down with an information dump. Definitely recommend and will be checking out the next book!
Loved how the story stayed together with a mix of intrigue and humor. Read all 4 of them in about 2 weeks because I loved them so much.
I used to live in Salt Lake City and have been to Yellowstone many times so found this very interesting. There have also been a numerous of TV shows on the possibilities of the super volcano erupting again and what the impact would be to the planet. This book portrays this well with a lot of the science involved in monitoring and assessing this event. I'm not too sure about the fracking side story since there is very little chance it could have affected the super volcano in any way. It just seemed to pander to that non-relevant (to this story) environmental issue. Several characters seemed to get distracted by emotional and romantic feelings when time was very critical and survival not a sure thing. Overall, I very much enjoyed this book.
This was my first John Pickett mystery and although I solved the case before all was revealed I enjoyed the book I immensely.
Room is a great read. Left me wanting more
Marvellous book !! Because This sous vide cookbook is filled with recipes to help you improve your cooking skills and to give you the inspiration to create new culinary masterpieces.
I really enjoyed this book 3
Somewhat implausible intrigue. The character and behavior of some players seem a little farfetched. But the plot itself is well thought out and leads investigator Jammer Davis on a challenging journey. At many points his effort appears stymied, but help always seems to find a way before it's too late. Hard to put down in many sections.
I purchased this book for my own personal use. I'm really enjoying it.
This story takes place in the 40's, during WW2. So, I was a little surprised that the language was so stilted. The dialogue read more like 18th or 19th century. The plotline was good and the story moved along at a good pace and it did have an acceptable ending. It was just a little disconcerting to feel like I was reading a Lovecraft novel instead of a WW2 novel.
Nice cover.... hope the recipes are nice as the cover is :) Will let you know more about it soon :)
Flows nicely a bit of suspense
Great addition to the series if you're a super fan, but really only gives us puzzles and tidbits as to whats to come. I really enjoyed it anyways, Opals point of view is pretty damn funny
This was a good read...Not sure I would have agreed to have a fling on vacation with my child. Written well and the flow was good. Will read another from Imani soon.
This book helps me to learn about sexuality and attitudes towards it of different religions. There are practical ways to incorporate your sexuality into your spirituality in order to maintain balance, to be in harmony with your partner.
Well I didn't see that ending coming. Not a cliffhanger though. It wraps up satisfactorily and leaves just enough loose ends to look forward to the next book. The characters are fun, the world building is on par with what I expect from UF. The story held my attention and the pacing was perfect. There is some sexual tension in this book among a handful of potentials. No dramatic love triangles here. Every once in a while it felt a little bogged down with information, but the author did well breaking it up with action. Beast is hilarious. I love her. I'm enjoying getting to know Jane and I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of trouble her next gig gets her into.
Interesting read. It took me a while to get the old and new intertwined stories.
The Charmer was both charming, hot and sweet! I loved Hudson and Felicia - even as they were both trying to deny their feelings for the other. The Charmer shows a different aspect of Hudson - he was the aloof brother in The Negotiator , but here, he was quite intense. Especially when he tried not to be. When he first met Felicia, there were sparks. But Hudson tried to deny those sparks. Especially as he realized that Felicia had a thing for Tyler, his brother's former best friend. And so, the scheming began. I loved how Avery managed to have both humor and hotness in this series, and the way she mixed the was close to perfect!
I enjoyed the book and character Frank Harper. Look forward to reading the next book in the Frank Harper Mysteries series.
Sometimes a books characters just seem to draw you in. This book does that. While the dialog is a bit more "modern", that is easily overlooked asit feels like the characters would talk that way.
Mitch Rapp is the James Bond of the paper back novels. A superman of our times. Always a can do man, and don't mess with him if you know what's good.
This is a good starter book for somebody who is aware of very little or nothing Stock Market Investing. I feel I might provide book to my teens and that they might comprehend the way to get their initial stock. There are even recommendations on wherever to search out sensible, reliable data concerning specific stocks to shop for that the author claims to use. Undoubtedly created American state inquisitive about learning additional.
The approach is logical and the tips provided with each section were great! I plan to create a modified version of the program.. Thanks!
Good read book. Always takes me abit to get into a book but once I did it was good. Can't wait to start my second in the series.
I gave this rating because the majority of the book described what the author witnessed on the front lines. I think a reader will appreciate what he saw and did to survive..
It's always interesting to follow these two around. Finish one book always looking for the next one.
This is a complete and perfect ketogenic recipes guide. All recipes are easy to made, delicious and healthy. You can buy this guide if you want a complete ketogenic diet cookbook. I highly recommended.
One of the finer collection of short stories I have read in some time. Recommended read. Interestingly sequenced. Exceptionally written.
This book was more like a 3.5 star. Overall, I enjoyed the book but some of the descriptions were lacking. I had trouble envisioning some of the settings based on how they were described. Characters were likable but undeveloped. Interesting storyline. Plenty of action and reminds me of James Rollins books a lot. I will read the second book in this series and hope it improves a bit.
Author does an incredible job of telling the story. Couldn't put it down and loved every page! Recommend for lovers of true crime
(Mild spoilers) My heart is so full after reading this book. Johan is utterly sweet, and I love the way he takes responsibility for his mistakes and refuses to let Nya placate him. Nya's relationship with her father is heartwrenching. The book clearly shows how his lies and manipulation have had a lasting effect on her. Johan of course isn't fooling anybody with his pretense that he doesn't have feelings for Nya. He keeps telling her "as you wish" in his native tongue, and we all know what that means. Then there's Lukas. Non-binary heir to the throne, trying to find their place in the world. I love the rep so much, and the way the author hints at their truth and then immediately switches to the correct pronouns the moment the POV characters learn about it.
A good book to have if you want to learn more about Investing. In here, they tackle the Stock fundamentals, strategies for success, Investor mindset, Stock market investing and more. I like it.
What an amazing book. Now I understand so much more of what it is like to be autistic. In the end we are more alike than different. We all want food and love and security and something to excel at.
Just when you thought you knew everything about bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading, this fantastic little gem of information appears in your suggested books. Glad I purchased it and would highly recommend it to those curious about cryptocurrency.
I liked the storyline and the writing. It was well written with very few errors. I liked the story and the character, the pace of the book, the setting. And there were surrounding characters but not overburdened with too much interaction. I will be looking for more of this author's books.
After going through a rough spell myself. I was able to draw so many similarities. Great book... hopefully more to come in the series.
A few times midway through I wanted to close the book and not continue because the writer was driving me nuts on the character of Jas. What 9 yr old does the things he did then be whimsy and whinny? I could see the rest of the story happening. All in all, good read!!
This story hits the ground running as our hero Karl goes from an agent in immersion training to a full blown field agent like a vette going from 0 to 60. Fun read!
I loved this book. I loved the characters, I loved the story . Loved the way the story develops, but... it was too short and .... IT CONTINUES IIN A SECOND BOOK. I wish there was a warning about that... I would have waited until both books were out. And I would have preferred a longer book... like Kristen Ashley's books!!!!
A little confusing at first with all the different names and agencies, but it smooth out. Autism helps and hurts depending on the individual. But in the end, it certainly helped.
This book is the story of Hunter and Kate. He's a single dad and she is his one-night stand who turns into his tenant, then something more. His daughter and adorable and incredibly smart and sweet. I really liked this book, it was easy to read and entertaining.
Another great angst story from Jo Raven. It is an amazingly powerful read from 4 different view points. The intertwined stories work well and make the reader understand everything they are feeling. Recommend as it is not a sleazy story but a powerful one.
This is a neat story, and when you read about the author at the end of the book, it makes the story even more meaningful. It is cute how the dragon helps his mom.
It seemed as though many of the characters in this story were reluctant about many different things and not just the duke.
I really enjoyed this book and could hardly put it down. Hillerman writes tightly plotted mystery stories which make for great reading. He also, through his main characters and the settings, gives us insight into Navajo culture and beliefs. I love great reads where you also learn about other cultures.
Interesting people, intriguing plot, sexy encounters, and an exciting ending. A fascinating and entertaining read, yes, it is typical Follett.
Another great mystery by the Queen of mysterIes, Agatha Christie. Love her books even though I could not solve it
I really enjoyed this book. The characters were interesting and the story line was good. I couldn't put this book down until I finished it.
A well detailed fantasy book that really pulls the reader in. The author Peter Hopkins, does a wonderful job with details and descriptions with this book. The imagery that he uses really bring the characters and locations to life. The story telling is fantastic and you really want to finish this book. I really wanted to find out who the person or persons was that hired the attack on the born king. I found that I was really drawn into the kingdom and wanted to learn more about its history and present time. While I started to dislike the king he began to grow on me as I continued the story and I really felt for his position throughout the story. I really look forward to more from this author in the future. The story really stood out for me and I really liked how it was told.
Good clean reading. Enjoyed it
Quick read! I appreciated the simple straight forward approach of this book. I would say to the author to proof read again as I came across some minor things. You'll know it when you see it. However, I think this book is excellent and am glad to have purchased it!
I found this book interesting and useful. It is described in the simple language and easy to understand. I got much new helpful information on all my questions on this topic. I can break this pattern and utilizing the information provided in this book, I will make the necessary changes in my life. I absolutely recommend this book to everyone.
Excellent Reading .Nice Advice for play to music.
I really liked learning about our Elizabethan heritage and learning abut the early seafaring explorers tha led to discovering our world.. This was a technical but easy to read book. Very informative and appreciated the historical accuracy. Enjoyable.
Interesting story line, nicely played for the most part.
I found this a well written and relatively painless way to fill the gap in my knowledge, but I dare say that historians would be looking for much more depth, and of course they can get that elsewhere, but this was a good place to start.
I really enjoyed the Incredible story telling. Most of the sections could have stood on there own as individual books in a series.
This is part of the Naughty series but can be read as a standalone. It's the story of Rachel and Sean over a six year period from college and grad school. Lots of misunderstandings and communication problems cause problems. Well written with likeable characters and lots of drama.
Not only did I find this story exceptionally well written, but thoroughly engaging. I am admittedly more of a sword and sorcery kind of guy and while this tale was more sorcery and less sword I nevertheless found myself eager to pick it up again each evening before bed. The story built up through action and adventure, heartbreak and triumph, and betrayal and discovery. Thoroughly enjoyed this story.
I enjoyed this nice twists an shocking moments but not over the top. Can't help feeling this was a movie though
I like the book. It was a little hard to get interested in it at first but then I didn't wAnt to put it down. Great book
Nice read. Sometimes a bit too much facts
Characters were good and the story was plausible. It was a quick read just lacked passion and drama but enjoyable.
After a long wait for this Jackson Brodie book I found it disappointing. There were far too many comments in brackets which didn't add any value to the story. The story was rather predictable and the ending held no surprises.
This book was a good read. There were two books in one and I enjoyed reading both. The only thing that I did not care for was in both books, there is mention of fathers. But, they are absent in the book. I would have liked to know what happened when they met / found their fathers.
Nice escape and en enjoyable read about Love after 60 and prior hurts and pains. If you love paranormal romance you will enjoy this one.
The mysterious and extremely fictional nature of this novel is interesting in spite of the fact that I am not traditionally a reader of science fiction. It is very intriguing to read the tale of a boy who is in search of a returning connection with a father, while the actual tale that comes of it seems more like a dream or something in comparison to Star Wars. Definitely creative and I must say I would be interested to see if there is a sequel or some sort of follow-up tale to this!
Virgil Flowers is one of my favorite characters. The author can certainly come up with some interesting story lines and Deep Freeze is certainly fits the bill. Interesting characters and multi faceted plots. I didn't give it five stars because I thought the Barbi Doll thing was a little weird. Looking forward to the next story.
Very interesting anthology of cute little short stories that all take place in Georgia. Enjoyed reading each story and remembering all the good times I have had in Georgia where my best friend lives.
Loved the plot, the characters were described in detail as well as locales.The parts I disliked were the flamboyant sexual descriptions & overwritten attraction scenes.
Well considered and biblical
Paranormal. Rh. 3 guys. 2 Fae. 1 Wizard. Wild Hunt. Vi has been imprisoned in the wild hunt for 3 yrs and she's slowly lossing sanity. Very interesting story concept. Will be reading the next one.
The lectin free cookbook is the great book.I found this book very well laid out and well presente. The recipes in this book so yummy.Thanks to the author for this book.I will definitely recommend this book to anyone interested.
The only thing that I think could be improved was that the narrator reads way too fast. I kept having to go back because I missed something. but these books are always well worth the cost.
I have to admit that when I first started reading this book and some of the things that happened, it bothered me. However, I just could not put the book down because I HAD to find out what was going to happen. So much suspense and intrigue but also keeping God as a focus. This is actually a frightening thought that what happened to Landon Turner in this book could happen in real life. Read this book!
So many emotions. So many memories. So much regret. Face life as it presents itself to you. It is a gift. Don't return it unopened.
This story was an unexpected mystery mixed with characters with previous losses in their lives. A new beginning for one and a healing loss for another. Well written and an enjoyable book to read.
I heard a lot about the benefits of anti-inflammatory diet and thought I can try it too. Bought this cookbook and I am so glad I did as the recipes seem pretty simple to make even for a newbie like me, and they turned out pretty delicious. And most importantly they are so healthy !
Having a low carb diet is such a challenge being the primary source of energy . This book is a big help in getting the proper nutrition without depriving yourself from eating delicious foods. most importantly watching your nutritional intake.
I like how the characters were developed in this book. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens with future books.
Engaging fleshed out characters. An enjoyable book for a romance. Head and shoulders above other writers in the romance genre.
The ending felt a little rushed. Would love to see more of this couple. This is my fist book by this author and I was pleasantly surprised.
the way life was on a submarine in the pacific as told by one who lived it. great story.
What are the odds that a true crime writer would meet and develop a close relationship with a serial killer before his crime spree? That she would get a contract to write a book about a string of murders, only to later find out they were committed by her close friend? Sometimes truth really is stranger than fiction. Ann Rule met Ted Bundy when they both worked at a crisis counseling line many years before he became a serial murderer. They developed a close friendship, but became even closer when he was later accused of murder. It was only as the truth of his crimes began to come out that Ann realized that the Ted she thought she knew was all a lie. I think we'd all like to believe that we know the people we're close to, that we can judge when someone is telling us the truth. The reason Ted Bundy was so prolific and got away with it for so long was that he capitalized on that and masterfully manipulated those around them. It's hard for anyone to admit being wrong about someone, but it takes a special kind of bravery to write so openly about being deceived by a close friend for so many years. Ann Rule is a masterful true crime writer, but this book truly shines when she reflects on her relationship with Ted Bundy and how even she herself was taken in by his charm. If you read and enjoyed “I'll Be Gone in the Dark”, make “The Stranger Beside Me” your next true crime read. There's a reason this book is a classic.
Great psychological storyline! The kind that deserves a second reading! I loved the twisty plot and satisfying ending. The only negative thing is that it took a while to warm up the the main character(s) and to truly start enjoying the story.
The unspoken bond of these teenagers to refuse to give up information on their cronies impedes the investigation into the horrifying murders. Detectives continue chipping away with little Information, until pieces begin to fall in place.
I found this book to be kore of a review for me personally as many of the concepts spoken about in this book I was aware of. However, for someone who is not been introduced to artistic concepts like the rule of thirds and many others. I believe this book would be very helpful to you or any starting off photography student.
Good story but needs better proofing. Many mistakes.
This book will explain simple photography terminology in a simple, easy to follow manner. Reading through the book, I realized that there were a lot of basic foundation terms and techniques that I didn't fully understand. Good one!
I enjoy this series very much. Read one of the later ones first but doesn't change the enjoyment. Can follow the storyline still
I thought it was a pretty good book. Good enough that I go on to the next in the series. Sexy. Funny. Sweet.
Be your best you! So many wonderful characters, magic, and amusing/difficult situations. You will enjoy this book and find yourself at the end way before you want to be.
I love Fannie Flagg and have read all of her books. While this isn't my favorite book, I still thoroughly enjoyed it and, as always, loved the quirky characters.
Good book for young readers. Good mystery.
The women portrayed were too weak and naive. However, I love the writer. He makes me want to read all his books and Riley is a different type of heroine.
Geez...I think he had more issues than his victims. Why was he only dating women who were involved aleady and abused? He was never going to commit. What would he have done if one of those women had chosen to stay with him? I think maybe that was his way of ending things.
I was highly entertained by this story of a mermaid washed ashore on a deserted island and the 4 men she rescued from a shipwreck. The characters are likeable, each in their own way and the guys are all swoon-worthy. Getting to know each of them as they lay marooned on a deserted island was nice, but I'm eager to see how Coral and the guys cope with being back in civilization. Great read!
It is a fun read. Loved the funny things she thought. Will read the next one. Riley is like a lot of girls i know !! Ha ha
If you need a complete diet cook book then get this book. This book will teach you about that. Appreciating content. Enjoying those recipes
The detail of the civil war, and the incredibly difficult task that making the Whites win would, both of those are real strong points. It probably WOULD have taken divine intervention. The characters are good. Yet somehow I was a bit disappointed at the end.
This was a really cute book! Sweet, but had a story line beyond the romance. Also, I liked that the tension between the couple didn't get dragged out and rehashed over and over.
A very interesting story and a novel look at how mankind might end. It is well told and well written. Definitely well worth reading.
I have never been a big fan of Dr. Stanley's preaching, maybe just a personal style thing but I like his Life Principles Bible.
It is not a typical gory war story...
Writing style was a little strange to me almost as if translated from another language. Oddly bright and pleasant in tone.
This book would make an incredible blessing. There is really something for everybody. this book will move you to eat well. I can hardly wait to attempt each formula!
Great fully bodied characters. Storyline keeps the reader's interest high. Fast paced, easy read. First time I've ever had the pleasure of a book including a playable song as a part of it. The lyrics and vocals were quite good!
Liked multiple plots with non-connected characters that came together at the end.
It's not so much what I liked it disliked as it should be required high school reading.
Had to read the last chapter three times til it finally hit me, I think...Are Tiger's mother and Mrs. Graham one in the same???
Fast-paced cops-and-robbers thriller. Interesting strong characters that aren't made out of cardboard. Story had a number of threads that meshed reasonably well. Makes me want to read the next one in the series.
Helpful book! This is a magnificent guide for those who wants to learn everything about hacking. There are tips and steps in here that will make you understand hacking more.The book is well presented and it makes this complicated subject easy.
It is a great book, exceptionally fascinating! The writer portrayed numerous automated revenue streams with tips and procedures within this book. With the assistance of an appropriate rule, you can begin an incredible online business as well as wind up noticeably fruitful in it in a short time.This book has completely persuaded me to start on arranging my online business lastly begin winning an automated revenue.
Very readable. Didn't care for the ending. Why would someone in her condition put her life on the line? It wasn't necessary. Liked all but the last two pages.
Ever just feel blah? Today I was just off, picked this up and didn't put it down. Exactly what I needed. If you have a few hours, please give it a read. I hope it reminds you of what your missing.
Completed a lot of the unknowns from her first book. Understand reason for Aunt Lydia's behavior. Introduces in depth characters that round out Handmaids Tale. Still a dark tale but there is some redemption.
Enjoyed reading this book. Have one more to read complete series. Very clean and enjoyable to read.
I like this book. Glad Rebecca and Alex realized that they love one another. Sad that Heather had such hate for Rebecca that she would hurt people
From the title and rating you know that I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. I could hardly wait to get home to continue it. It had the right amount of strange to make it different without seeming totally unreadable. I look forward to reading more of her books. Be warned, there are a few grammatical errors. That was the only thing that kept it from 5 stars
Reading this didn't feel like I'd already read it before which is sometimes an issue with his-rom's due to the narrow rules of the time. That is high praise from me. Also, zero sexy times. That's not a complaint, just a surprise as those books are usually labeled "sweet" but this one wasn't.
A nice casual read. Although I was a little frustrated at times for the lack of depth of questioning by the lead citizen investigators, it was fun.
A little loving, l o n g interlude and some tear jerking make for an interesting story. Keep your silverware shining.
I generally like Mary Burton's books. This was a good read but I had figured out who the killer was halfway through the book.
Very entertaining story with great H/h. Great plot with low angst. HEA. Recommend.
I feel like Im reading the set of books backwards. I read the Brotherhood before the heart but I can't stop reading them because I have to know what's next. A fan til the end.
This kept me guessing.Just when I had it figured out it went another direction.It kept me reading all night.
This is one of the creepiest stories that I've read in a long time. Just in time for Halloween, read it around a blazing fire with candles lit and all the lights turned off. Good story.
This book is for animal lovers, young adult and up. You'll fall in love with the characters. Bittersweet story. Quick, easy read.
Sebastian/Thane/Jim/Rhone is the head of his family billionaire business who goes to Alabama to see a female boxing match incognito. He is intrigue while watching Short Stuff do her thing and meets her after the fight. Rachel/Short Stuff have a platonic evening together with him and ten years later meet again. This is a Cinderella story with evil stepmother and siblings and a dad who is blind to his daughter treatment. Rachel suffers from poor self esteem issues which resulted from her family treatment of her so it continue to affect her relationship with Sebastian and her self worth since he was a billionaire and she was short an chunky.
I thought Big was a jerk and Bink's folks idiots. I love the Scared Sisters. So once the reader forms opinions about the characters you have to admit great character development. Good story. Plenty to keep you wanting the next book.
A great quick read. Full of humor and steam. Some action and adventure. And if course a happily ever after
Great history book. Lot's of knowledgeable things in this book. I enjoyed full read.
It is amazing that was written over 100 years ago and it is a very accurate description of what has been going on in the good old USA right now We never seem to learn
I was encouraged by the sincere attempt to apply the life and teaching of Jesus to our world. There is no question that the author is pursuing goodness and righteousness. If the Benedict Option is the serious pursuit of God, I am all in. It seems more like a prescription for a retreat to more safe confines. I am not so sure I agree with that.
British police novel with a twist. Yank DCI Bex Wynter employs a gutsy tough girl approach to solving crime, as a transplant from the states. She combines a hard, physically fit exterior with a tender spirit rescuing vulnerable youth, all the while moving through the personal devastation in her own life.
You are in for adventure, the characters are fun and down to earth. The story takes some twists and turns and ends with everyone happy.
The storyline has continued to captivate my interest....I am desperate to find out what will happen next! How mean that I'm expected to go to work and part from my books for these long hours!! Winter's relationship with all four guys is getting stronger with each book....her past comes back to haunt her, just as she's learning more about who she is and starts to discover what her destiny might be. Great book! Keep up the good work!
I liked how Esme rejected the frivolous & restrictive lifestyle of a society woman & dedicated her life to helping others. Although there were a multitude of grammatical errors in the story, it didn't overly detract from the story itself. I find that many stories show a less-than-professional proofreading.
Lovely Christmas short story. I felt the emotions of loneliness, desperation and then love. I really liked the idea of the story and it was executed well. I just wished it was longer. Maybe there will be a follow up book so we can see where their story went.
No first hand knowledge about this book. Was given as a gift and recipient was very pleased to receive it. I appreciated this book.
This story is a great read full of adventure and suspense. There are a few editing errors but it is not a distraction. The love scenes are very tame. Overall a great book. This is a stand alone book but could easily be a sequel.
Another adventure with Mercy. This seemed a little more edge of seat. I can't wait to what trouble finds her next.
Good story line. Intriguing. Wish there was a movie made from this story. Did not like how the husband was portrayed as a wimp.
Another good read by Danielle Steel.
Profound story about Robert the Bruce and James Douglas. Such affection and pride shared by them. Fabulous story of their lives and loves.
The ending is weak. Readers having questions at the end of a good book is expected, but not EVERY question.
I enjoyed reading this book. I especially liked the character of Angie. She keeps plugging away until she solves the murder.
It took some time to get into it but was worth it. Once in a while, the angst gets in the way. Good read.
Pretty sweet book and family of not a bit unrealistic. I enjoyed the characters a lot. Will be reading more.
Even though you knew who the killer was, it was difficult to put the book down without reading one more page to find out if Shane survived.
The characters are interesting, whereby you want to follow their journey. Followed several on the books, and they keep you interested because the writing keeps you moving forward to learn so much more.
Leo Waterman is one of my favorite characters, and G.M. Ford manages to keep him interesting and relate-able. This one ended in a completely surprising way and I can barely wait for the next installment.
Love these stories for an easy, enjoyable listen but at times the accent runs together and her characters all start to sound the same. This will not stop me from listening and being a fan though.
This book has so many recipes those are helpful for fit your life, those are easy to make. Recommended to all for this seafood cookbook.
I normally hate insta love but i quickly got over it the female character is like me i identify with Meryn so easily. The book had its funny silly moments slice of drama and bam a cliffhanger and a secret vamp vamp how old are you?
Linda talks about a lot about many of the artists that I grew up listening to, and loving, including her. I loved the stories from her early days getting started in L.A., but, a bit disappointed in the fact that she didn't include even a little bit of her personal life. I'm sure she had one, it just wasn't discussed.
Reading this book could help a lot specially on how to communicate well. You will learn everything from this book. So perfect read and is recommended.
3.5 rounded to 4 This was a little more steamy than I generally like, but it does say "steamy" in the title. It's definitely a Cinderella story. Thia endures a lot from her cold, heartless husband, including being shipped off (by him) to spend the week with a complete stranger. While the immediate attraction between Thia and Liam is somewhat jarring, her insecurity and self doubt were very believable. Her reactions to her husband's abuse felt very real, and I enjoyed seeing her break away from that relationship.
Amazon has extraordinary administration. Wonderful book about close to home issues and the genuine arrangements. I am exceptionally content with how quick request came in and the nature of the book.....
Great Story although I don't usually read alternative sex play stories this was low key version of one. I do love hearing about the badgers hockey team.
Another good book in this series.
I love Stephanie Bonds books. The storylines and characters are always interesting and well developed. This installment of Comeback Girl, however, had so many typos that I found it incredibly distracting.
Very in depth review of the role of economics and trade in Roman life. The only downside is that the reading can be a bit tedious in some parts, but overall at very good study of how trade and economics plays out in the daily life of an empire. Very relevant to today's world!
This book is great for helping you outline everything you need to know to save up for retirement. It's very educational. This book is very informative and tells you exactly what you need to know to retire stress free! The charts and worksheets are also a great help. I'm a visual person. I will be letting my sister borrow this to help her out as well. Follow these steps, work the charts and worksheets! I love organization and simplicity!!
The characters are great and the story continues to flow with the other previous stories from this series. Look forward to seeing more stories from this author.
Ben and Mia's story is classic teenage angst meets grow up reality with all the insecurities still attached. Nolan is an absolute scene steeler and with Tessa as Mia's funny, unfiltered sidekick, you'll be sure to have some laughs.
Well written. Fast reading, good characters and plot
This was a really sweet read and it just made me smile and left me with a happy feeling. It was nice and fluffy but not sickly sweet.
I was so sorry when the stories ended. I just wanted at least one more. It was such pleasant reading.
Good read, look forward to more. Will be or won't he. Oh wait there is a book two of Achilles
The suspense of not knowing if there was truly a killer wild cat.
Havenwood Falls sounds like a fantastic place to visit. The place offers a little bit of everything you want to meet in a shifter romance. All the stories in Book 1 are interesting with characters that come alive as you read their stories. There is a little bit of every aspect needed for a good, mystical romance. I need to read Book 2 quickly.
I have always liked E.R. Mason's books, as I feel he has a style of using real world references and realistic characters to "anchor" the fictional aspects. It is my opinion that this is another sterling example of his style. TL;DR: I like his stuff and he again delivers it here!
Another cute and sexy read on shifters. Bleu is a funny mate because he literally doesn't want his mate to do anything. Only problem I had was there was no real answer on what happen to her mother. Yeah the one guy for a report but still that is not a true answer. It seems like a big piece left unsaid. That is all.
The author has you guessing up until the end! I thought the victim's murderer was someone altogether different than who actually did the deed. If you like suspense, this one's for you!
The best book in this series so far. I loved the drama and action. I also really liked the story.
So many books on this topic are so complicated and hard to digest, which only feeds the overwhelm of it all. This book left me feeling confident I could actually improve.
Still reading....great so far...
This offered many options to locating edible wild plants you may not know. Looking forward to spring to start identifying....
Interesting enough to read it through at one sitting. The only downfall was although the mystery was solved it just sort of fell off at the end when I felt it could have been wrapped up better instead of leaving a loose end.
This book was free and I decided to try a new author. I admit it took a bit to get started. However, once you see where the story is going you won't be able to put it down. Definitely a new author for my list. Now off to the next book in the series.
Good short teaching on love. Emphasizes similar points in other books on love. A quick read but gets straight to the point. If you are looking to renew your mind on love this is a great resource.
I liked the mystery of the story. I love stories about ancient artifacts and cities
There is nothing in this book I dislike. It was really. This is what true life is about. I like the read.
*Finally!* is all I can say. The book has a slow and dark start but picks up and turns out to be a good read. It's not my favorite cook in the series, but worth the read still.
Shawn brings readers to Hope Falls to spend the holidays with Kyle Austen Reed. This is truly a happily ever after romance for all involved. I enjoyed the well defined characters and the setting. The story was engaging and has characters from previous books. I recommend this book to fans of the small town romance genre.
4.5 Stars for Lie With Me I love the Stonewall Investigation series and have from the very beginning. I was so glad that author Max Walker didn't stop the series but opened up more offices across the nation and spending time in Miami with the boys. Loved Oliver and Beckham together. I have to say I was shocked at the twist at the end, for the life of me never expected it. That's what I enjoy about reading a Max Walker book, the suspense, mystery and the romance. This is the trifecta for a good read!
Darcy and Elizabeth can't keep their hands or anything else off each other. Unfortunately the trip to Pemberley after the wedding is full of interruptions which turns into foreplay. This novella deserves more story to flesh it out.
A book about how a person learned about himself and his companion horse. We have all had a whimsical trip that taught us more about ourselves and the loss of a close friend. Well done.
Great concepts and information but does not contain Table of Contents
This was a very touching story. Well written and the characters were all so lovable. There were sad times and happy times. I like the way the story flowed and came together. Great story.
I would highly recommended to read this book everyone. This book gave me a lot of information. This book is awesome to read and i think this book is the best book of this topic, and i really appreciate this book.
A very hard read. Everything is repeated so often it's almost unreadable. Just this first book could be cut down to a third of its size. The sexual parts are way to overdone. It's not even suspense it's annoying. The human aspect is pretty accurate with the backstabbing and greed. If you can work through it the book is good and maybe worth a read for some.
Easy read. Enjoyable.
Delicious and Easy Air Fryer Recipes. Let's hope it was informative and a provided you with all of the tools you need to achieve your goals of preparing meals by using a healthier method.
Fascinating premise and characters. The only criticism I have is that it seemed to drag a bit in the middle of the book. The family involved are wealthy but amoral and any one could be the guilty party in the murders that occurred decades ago and recur in the timeline of this book.
Easy and quick read, but it just didn't keep me on the edge of my chair like most of his books do.
I have read all of the Trail series and love the humor he puts into these at very interesting points sometimes when it is serious times. I thought this last one here was a bit off from previous ones however
Air fryer cooking method is a very healthy one and is highly recommended for a healthy lifestyle. I have find from this book 530 tasty and easy air fryer recipes.The cook book is so easy and all is so good. Really enjoying this product and all the recipes.
This is nice but could use a few more "regular" recipes for regular people. I like that the nutrition information for each recipe has been calculated.
Sometimes, when tasks and schedules get overwhelming, it's helpful to make a to-do list to make things feel more manageable and focused. If your children's behavior problems have you feeling overwhelmed and not knowing what to do first, start with these great tips for better behavior. Cut through the chaos by following these tips, and you'll start seeing better behavior from your kids and you can start creating a happier, more peaceful home. Great book on positive parenting techniques for happier families and well-behaved kids.
Shortest book I believe I have ever read but it was fun and entertaining. I enjoyed the quick and easy read.
Been looking for a new 'team' to follow, think I've found them. Realy looking forward to getting the next book
I enjoyed reading this book, however, I wish it would have ended differently. For example, do they ever speak to one another again.
I really liked this book. The story drew me in and held my attention though the end. I dropped one star from the rating because I felt the book was a bit short.
I enjoyed this story. The characters are wonderful and complement each other well. I liked how they worked together to get what they need.
I love a novel with great character development, but this one was a bit drawn out in terms of the main character's thoughts and activities. Loved the story. Annie gives us great story lines and mature characters.
Loved how fierce the female lead is. Would have given 5 stars had I known that there wasn't really a conclusion to this book because book 2 has the same issues.
This pot is astounding and I cherish it. I got it for my better half, yet so far I've done all the cooking in it. My first supper was a Sunday pot cook supper. I've never endeavored to cook a dinner like this in my life. My better half has constantly done this in the broiler. I was dazed to have this pot broil turn out about as impeccable as you could get it.
Story well told. No real surprises. Sad that characters turned on each other.
A great end to the trilogy.
This is another great installment of the main Honor Harrington Series. It won't dissapoint fans of David Weber's writing and the characters and story are as good and engaging as ever!
Enjoyable to read. The author kept my attention with good plotlines & subplots, good character development and surprises. I look forward to the next in the series.
I fell more for Taryn and Tray than I did the story line. It was a bit too unbelievable for me and that often pulled me out of the story. However, the adoption and every day problems made the book worth reading.
The setting for the story was what drew me to read this book. The plot and twists were interesting and held my attention .
As I've gotten, cough cough.....older, I've stopped reading a lot of horror. Don't get me wrong I love a good story but think my imagination has scared me enough times as it is. Fortunately or unfortunately for me.......depends on what time of day I read it.....I've taken a liking to Sean Kerr's stories. Haven't read all but loved the ones I have. He got me with The Man Inside Me, so didn't see that twist coming. And now, now he does this. I'm glad I read it in the day time, the images are vivid and unforgettable, don't need those lingering. But the words I'd love to say to him are WTH??? I knew better, twisty should be his middle name. And now, now I have to wait and see if we get more, there better be......this world is dark, erotic and so messed up. I really like it a lot! And I'm sorry, no real info on the story but I needed to rant, hate spoilers so this is what you get. Just read it, you'll see, bet you rant too.
The unlikely story of survival between an orphaned young girl and the unidentified Swallow man, in the midst of the Holocaust. What begins as a the girl being saved results into a symbiotic relationship over the course of a few long years one the road of life. The author leaves much to muse over but ha sparked my interest to read more of her work.
Enjoyable character driven what if the aliens came to earth and demanded population control and other objectionable concessions from us.
If you love alpha men with insta-love and obsession, you will LOVE this story! Its a fair share of angst and id filled with emotion but K.L Donn delivers a HEA well worth the rollercoaster ride she takes us on! Well done and I can't wait for the next one!
It's a good reading for the beginners of machine learning.This book has helped in clearing up some of my obviousness to machine learning. However, the chapter on decision trees and gradient boosting needs some more content. Nevertheless, awesome book
ok, I got this and found it to be quite a great read...….pictured the true crime magazines I used to read.....on the good side, it was a quick and fast read with some disturbing stories but nothing I haven't read about before.....but on the bad side? it was a quick and fast read because I paid $3.99 for a one day read and usually don't do that.....but that's on me...for people that like true crime reads, this IS the book for you
I loved the premise however the ending seemed a bit long. I must say I am a long time fan of this author and I look forward to reading more of his work.
I would highly recommended to read this book everyone.This book gave me a lot of information.This book is awesome to read and i think this book is the best book of this topic, and i really appreciate this book.
Well I love this story. At first I thought Henna was two young. Who can put a price on true love. I like their had some major problems that s why she acts the way she does. I can't to read your book in this series.
Bravo! It is really a time saver that everyone one raves about. A clear and concise book on how to use the Instant Pot and some very useful and diverse recipes. Cooking Easy homemade meals are a must for my family. Recommended this.
This book is more cozy mystery than paranormal cozy, but nevertheless a very enjoyable read. If you're looking for a short, clean, entertaining story, give "Murder in New York" a shot.
RETIRE BEFORE TWENTY-NINE is the great book. i love this book . this book is the great book. i like this book. thanks author.
The stories were cute and kept your interest
I enjoyed the humor and the writing of these novellas. I was not expecting them to be so short, so was a tad disappointed as I finished as I felt there could have been more to the story; that the novels could have been more complex. However, sometimes its nice just picking up a shorter story.
This is a programming book composed for the beginner who needs to get a grip on Excel VBA programming. I've perused the initial two parts now and I have a feeling that I've taken in a decent piece and it has stuck. I don't feel like I need to return and concentrate a great deal since I apply it as I read it. I truly appreciate the practices that accompanies what you're realizing.
It was a good mystery. I haven't finished reading it yet. I only have time to read when I get my nails done.
I had only loosely followed the Theranos story as it was unfolding, so much of this was new to me. The combination of well-known and unknown characters and crisp pacing make this a winner. The second half, in particular, is quite a page-turner.
Had it on my kindle as I was traveling. It held my interest and I may read other oils by Fiona Davis
I thought this book was very well written and the Author touched on a very sensitive subject of rejection. It was nice to see the heroine find love and a father for her child.
I liked the story from a man's viewpoint! It's a good plot too. It would have been a five star rating except the epilogue is confusing. It's hard to picture where they are and what's happening. Clear that up and it will be a totally complete lovely romance.
In A Very Beastly Christmas, the seventh book in the Gray Back Bears series, we revisit Easton and his little raven shifter and mate Ava. I have a huge soft spot for Easton and major respect for his ability to have survived the childhood he did all alone. I resent Ava a little bit for taking so long to get him help when he was younger, so I was a little miffed to learn she had deceived him. It all works out in the end of course, but I hated that he was stressed at all. He's genuinely a good man and will do anything for those he cares about. It was nice getting glimpses of some of the other characters from this series and seeing everyone happy.
Loved the story as I haven't read one where the Dragon was bound. Can't wait to read more.
I have one thing to say. Why I waited so long to read it? I started not in order, which probably will give me some headache, to catch up what's happened and what's will happen and all that... But those books were good, and I had this on my kindle for months at least. So, again, why it took me so long to read this one? This was easy read and by that I mean it just flowed and I had no blocks, that sometimes hinder my reading. It was intense, emotional and action packed. I liked both Imogen and Aaron. And they made a perfect couple.
Great story, revealing lots of fascinating and not well known background to historical events. Story got a bit sweet and sentimental near the end, with the typical and now boring American patriotism being overdone.
Perfect book!I was so impressed with how this book was written.This is important for us to learn how the machine works for us and how we can develop our skills for creating new products for people. This book provides lots of information that helps you learn the probability and statistics concepts related to machine learning. This book is ideal for people who are into Machine learning.
The courage and support shown by this group of women is amazing as we look back at such a cruel time for humankind . The unbelievable pain, both physically and psychologically , that was endured kept me wondering how did this group of survivors make it. No clear answer except they kept supporting each other even as the group dwindled. The number of women mentioned did get a bit confusing but each had to be represented. Painful but worth reading
Nobody can deny that this book is not kind of daily fiction. But when you really run into the topic this book will be definitely helpful for you. I have understood lots of tips I didn't know before.
North against South. Some historical fact, good characters, wonderful humor. I recomend it as a delightful, Good read. I Enjoyed it.
I finally put this book down at 1 A.m. It felt like I was visiting with a friend. So much of what Melinda went through I could identify with. Now at age 78, I no longer have any livestock, but had earlier in my country years. Currently, my home is on one acre, but it has a lot of flowers and wildlife. However I venture to say two acres would not support even 10 head of sheep. Melinda needs to downsize before her soil is not fit for grazing. Otherwise, I liked the story and it is very believable.
Very thorough and well written. Gives a great picture of the life of Manson and the environment of the times
I really enjoyed this book. I found it to be a little slow at first but as I progressed it became harder to put down.
Great adventure and novel setting. Wonder what happens with Earth now that they are already under enemy contact? Can't wait!
Each story was very different, with a good range of settings and characters. The last story was suspenseful and I found it to be my favorite.
I always like detective stories. I love the way it ended, I feel it left the series open for another adventure. I would like to see Lottie spend more time with Boyd
Margaret did a fantastic job working out this great little read! Be sure to put it on your list! It will keep you entertained!
I am looking foreword to what happens next. It seems like a promising series with lots of drama & heart!
Loved it....so well crafted.
Hannah Lynn takes us on a thoroughly enjoyable romp through the afterlife in this fun read about what happens when we shuffle off this mortal coil. Be warned, though: it may shatter some of your illusions about what happens after death! This was an easy, feel-good read. It was great fun, although I found it a little long in places. I became hugely fond of Walter, who departed this life at least a century ago, and the wonderful Lettie, still alive, who innocently becomes embroiled in a series of baffling events quite beyond her control. Do yourself a favour and make sure you beg or borrow this book so you can - at the very least - read the first paragraph about why the afterlife smells as it does – it's simply glorious!
I liked the characters. They were well written. Even the plot was great. However, the ending left me frustrated. An epilogue would have been most appropriate. After Crane and Maggie say they love each other, the book ends! They haven't found a place to live, when practically the entire story had them travelling to find it. . It's like reading a mystery, and the author says "the killer has been found!", then not saying the killer's name. Also, after several exciting events have it occurred, the author seemed to just want to end the story. Even the declaration of love was a disappointment. It just fell flat. Otherwise, I enjoyed the story.
This one was about Callum and finding his love! Like the first story of his brother it started off with the girl not liking him but of course that changes in a short time! I have thoroughly enjoyed all of these stories, so far and can't wait to read the next one.
Great book. But the ending was a let down. The story had so much potential! Not as good as the previous books.
The Alkaline Diet is perfect for any individual who is hunting down a trademark weight decrease arrangement.With some immediate changes to the measure of specific dinners you eat you can accomplish the kind of inside alter that melts the fat off.I found various stomach settling agent recipes, including soup equations, servings of blended greens and essential dishes.I trust you should discover this book accommodating.
I enjoyed the story line and characters. It got a little long in some places but I enjoyed reading how it all played out.
This was a real look and military life. It's easy to translate from one service to another. All veterans have pretty much been in the same arena. I recommend a book a good read.
This is an enjoyable read. The story is well-constructed with interesting characters and an engaging premise. I look forward to reading more books in the series.
Once again, Mr. Thornhill has hit the ball out of the park. I truly appreciate how Mr. Thornhill uses current issues in his books, giving his readers an opportunity to view the subject matter from different perspectives. As usual, the usual cast of characters bring humor and interest to the tale, even when dealing with such a controversial topic. Keep them coming, Mr. Thornhill, you have an appreciative audience.
I am enjoying this series and glad I stumbled on.
Highly recommended. Great read and super info. If your are interested in improving your health, this may be the book for you.
It was very inspiring to read about her patriotism and loyalty in the face of the unbelievable danger she was in.
I inclined such a significant number of successful things from this book.The storyteller worked admirably in clarifying each progression and her voice is extremely mitigating. I truly delighted in the book and furthermore prescribed to everybody.
Bit long drawn out, but full of suspense.
I just reread all of Promises and the Bounty Hunters series before reading this new addition. I really enjoy the badasses falling in love trope and A. E. Via writes them really well. I found this book an e en more interesting version of this trope. Both main characters are truly brass but not very typical otherwise. And I loved that one of them comes from a Muslim background. His approach to romance was unusual ( in this day and age) and fascinating to read. Great writing and interesting MC's.
I've always appreciated his grouchy old man approach to life and his love of peoples' food . I will miss having more of his writing to entertain and educate.
The book is quite useful.! It helps me a lot on the courses. Highly recommend to anyone wanting to improve their Social media marketing skills.
The beginning was a bit slow getting into the characters. Once that was established it was a terrific story. A lot of twists and turns
Should read 'The Watchmaker's Daughter's first as this is the 2nd book in the series. Great escape brain candy. Some unexpected twists and turns. Characters well developed.
Full disclosure, the author asked me to review the book. I enjoyed it overall but there were a few moments of almost stopping. Good characters, plenty of plot twists, maybe a few too many. I like the way the story is told from the character view and the chapters focus on various view points, ala Tom Clancy. This is a story of war that we hope we never see but hope we see it before it starts. Recommended read. Enjoy it.
I know I am reaching the end of the alphabet mysteries of Kinsey Millhone. That is sad. This book has the continual wit and attention to detail we always expect from Kinsey. One thing I always love about her escapades is her humor and humanity, while telling it like it is. Time has not been "wasted" . Enjoy Ed.
Great characters and an easy read. Can't wait for the next one
Recommend this, good story, good characters, good job.!! Lots of sex, some funny times, some drama. Keep up the good work Madison. Off to the next book.....
They appear to be delightful and achievable. Notwithstanding, there were such huge numbers of notices of outlines and photography that I anticipated that there would be increasingly and gotten it particularly thus. After the instructional introduction, there is just a single picture for every part. Thus, don't be deceived by alternate audits.
A hard and interesting life. Glad I read it.
Well written page-turner.
Being able to read this series when it was a ff was great and being to reread it as an original story has been even better, but the one thing I hated about this book in particular was the amount of bullshit and close calls you had Melody and Liam (but mainly Melody) go through. That last bullshit and close call literally had me choking up and tearing up (and just so you know, this was only the second story to ever do that to me, so well done) and I really didn't appreciate it especially when BOOM PLOT TWIST it didn't really happen. All in all, this will be a series i'll always come back to because it's just so damn good.
I enjoyed this book. Recommend for anyone interested in crime thrillers. I gave it a 4 because it got too wordy sometimes.
Stella and Hudson forever!! I love all the characters in this series. I read them a little out of order, but it didn't matter too much. Que all the feels! Hudson need to get out of Blue Beech and leave behind the messed up situation he finds himself in. Stella needs a body guard and Hudson is the best man for the job. Theses two had amazing chemistry. And what's a romp in the sheets behind closed doors? Until feelings are caught and that is where things fall apart. But don't worry, this author made sure my heart was mended by the end. This is definitely a must read series with lovable character you won't soon forget.
Honestly, it's been to long since I read it. I know I liked it though.
A fabulous, fun read with a touch of romance.
Just started reading
This well-crafted history is equal parts inspirational, appalling, and encouraging. The value of non confrontational persistence over hostile aggression is a lesson to anyone whose worth is slighted.
The various chapters seemed a little out of sequence. There was a story jumping back and forth on about four different segments of the story.
This was a cute story. Got a little tired of the h attitude towards the whole relationship issue but I guess that was the point of this. Still, cute story.
Not the exciting suspense-filled novels in used to reading by Baldacci. But I cared about the characters, was surprised several times by reveals and plot twists.
I usually prefer stories about people in the real world rather than celebrities. But I enjoyed this Cinderella tale of the maid who went from cleaning the movie star's toilets to being his sham wife to becoming his beloved real wife. Of course, the heroine's cute four-year-old daughter charmed me.
Loved this book! I have read it twice already and look forward to reading it again next year!
Nicely written, funny and sad, very easy reading.
I love Miles!! He is so goofy and sexy and just downright lovable (clearly Natalie agrees)! I'm so glad that we got to see Natalie be more open to change (blech...Dan!) and realize that being flexible is the best way to live her life. I also enjoyed seeing Miles mature as he's with Natalie.
Its an amazingly broad cook book my significant other loves it and has lost 6lbs starting at now I would extremely endorse it to any person who needs to lose some weight or just change their dietary examples to continue with a more solid life there are equations for basically everything, you won't be dissapointed in your purchase I promise you!!
Moved well Kept my interest it left me wanting to find out what happens next. Already into next one.. we'll see.
This is one of the two Archer/Prichard mysteries I have read back to back in the last month. The books are very well written and provide enough twists and turns to keep you entertained. The main character, Prichard, shares top billing with his new found love interest. She is a sympathetic character with the intellect that supports Prichard's nuts and bolts police skills. Her young daughter adds a sweet personality to the mix that will attract female readers to these tales. All in all, a well rounded and written mystery with enough mental challenges to make the book a compelling read..
The Forgotten Coast series was well written, fast mov ing and riveting while being free of trashy language and suggestive sex. I look for series with Fla. background and culture.
Good read by an American master, but a bit slow in spots, to me anyway. Well worth reading.
More zombie madness, what's not to like? If you've read this far you probably won't need a review just saying.
4.5 Stars Vi Keeland has the Midas Touch!! This book was everything! She gets better and bette with every new release. The expressed emotions were done in a realistic manner. Showing that loving someone just doesn't end with the end of the relationship. It was done in a sensitive manner were the reader is lead to believe that the hesitation on Reed's part was appropriate and believable.
I like this book! I have tried several Instant Pot cookbooks and I have found this one to have the most full-proof recipes. In the first pages the author, Rachel Collins, tells you how to use your Instant Pot, whether using the pre-programmed or manual settings. She also has a section on how to convert recipes for the Instant Pot. This book is extremely thorough and has recipes for the pantry which I find very useful. For example, did you know that you can make yogurt with your IP? I never knew that! There are recipes for mayo, broths, applesauce, caramelized onions.
Loved that the story was set in northern CA. This book grabbed my attention from the first paragraph and never let go!
While I don't think this compares to some of this authors other books, it is an enjoyable read and a good story.
So Dru Connelly is due to Marry Michael. I don't even remember his last name that's how much I don't like him. Now this dude is just completely off his rocker with how he handled things with Dru. You learn by the end that they were both at fault for a faulty relationship. But Michael just took the cake. And his friends. Mane they were horrible people. I understand being loyal to your friends but be a decent person at least. I mean dang. But enough about that. Because there just isn't enough time to highlight how messed up that whole situation was. I was glad and a little weary of Dru just hopping on a plane ✈️ to god knew where. But it turned to it to be the best thing for her. Sebastian Bass turned out to be her saving grace. He was both wild and crazy enough to bring out the original Dru and keep her satisfied. And Dru was everything Sebastian needed to come out of his shell and be everything she needed and more.
I found it intriguing!
This book grabs you from the starting gate and takes you on a journey through the recovery of the victims of a predatory female who sexually assaulted them. My only complaint is that I wish the author would've delved deeper into their lives post-attack. I also (SPOILER) wanted an arrest at the end. Overall a good read.
Your meals can actually be guilt-free when it is used as a necessary fuel for the body. They can be perfectly tasty too but one has to know how to cook in order to creat decent home meals. I never respected instant pot cooking until the day I got this cookbook. It's incredibly easy to follow, it gives a grand number of easy recipes and yes, it needs a little bit of editing but nothing's perfect when purchased online and I can accept it.
I loved this and need to grab the next in the series.
I have enjoyed the series so far
I'm very impressed with this recipe book. There are so many I want to try especially to share during the holiday season. I'd recommend this cook book for the Instant Pot to everyone! I've already tried several recipes and I'm in love with how simple the recipes are to follow, how quickly I have a great home cooked meal, and delicious food!
Great easy read for anyone who likes fantasy quests. A book that delves deep into the Gaelic life and myths.
This series has been fun and I want more of the fun! Bring a new book and tie up a few loose ends, please!
An excellent source of information to reclaim your health. Easy to understand. Great if you want to make your own healing compounds. Very quick read.
I'm not sure. It felt like something was missing. Something was unresolved when Lydia reached the end of her case. A lack of detail perhaps. Other than that the book was interesting. The characters are intriguing along with the concept of the Family. Lydia's mysterious set of talents is enough to make me want to pick up book two in order to find out more. 4/5 for that unresolved feeling though.
I thought this would have more about tank warfare but had a little too much chess and how it relates to story for me. I also felt the ending left much up in the air regarding the weapon. Worth reading though.
So many practical tools for ordering your life as an introvert, so much insight into the bias against us. Amazing power to describe what most of us need to know in order to claim our sanity and understand that "there is nothing wrong with us" the quiet one! Highly recommended!
This was an interesting read. Some things I never heard of so it enhanced my knowledge to a certain extent.
Enjoyed the story and the nod to legend of Robin Hood. Though you know what should happen I enjoyed the retelling very much!
haven't finished it yet, but I am enjoying it. Shaking my head at her life but loving her descriptions. I intend to rent the movie
I've always experienced hotels from the guest side of the reception desk. This book was a entertaining and gave insight into what it's like to be on the other side of the desk. I like travel books and would call this one of the genre.
Got a little gruesome at times and a little hard to follow, but all in all it certainly kept my interest.
It was OK. Interesting story. A lot of oh poor me from the author. It takes two for a con to work. She was obviously getting a lot out of the relationship too.
Fast pace. Interesting characters with good descriptions. Vigilante good guys with lots of action. Some unrealistic scenes, but it is fiction. Good editing. I've now read the second book and will read more.
Ryu is an Eastern Dragon alpha running a magic school. Scar is a disabled omega who runs a bar. They are making tentative steps to become friends when Scar finds a baby abandoned and the only one he can think of to help is Ryu. The characterizations are okay though I would like a little more insight into their thoughts. The action is short and swift. The plot is good enough to keep the reader engaged. I am voluntarily reviewing this book without bias or compensation. I do not know the author, publisher, or have any connection with them except as a book reader.
And so many cultures!! While the book starts slow, it gradually engulfs, and the last 100 pages or so I didn't want to put it down. Characters are rich and vivid. A sense of melancholy ties all of them together, and yet they are also valuable and enjoyable.
It had been an angsty wait for me for Dorian and Jake's story but so worth it as Ms Silva brings them the HEA and quality of love they not only deserve but what you would expect from her writing. Though this book could essentially be a standalone, you will definitely be better prepared for this story having pre-read For You, Dorian and Phillip's story. I was surprised that after their connection had already been solidly established in For You, that Dorian and Jake have skated around one another for so many years before this relationship really gets off the ground and they confront the simmering chemistry they have. But though we already know why Dorian is so closed off to investing in love again we had yet to understand our playboy surgeon Jake, and so essentially this is where we see the reason for his reticence. This is a beautifully documented Friends to Lovers story that you know from the outset is going to pull firmly on your heart strings, such is the history of both these characters; but as tedious as their journey seems to be, and this would be my only criticism of this story that I did find it drawn out, you stay invested in the process to the achingly glorious conclusion because both Dorian and Jake deserve their happiness together more than any of the characters in this series.
It's really outstanding book. Comparing this book with other book it will be foolish, because you can find the exact information in this book, I'm pretty sure that you will not find any book like this one , It will be very difficult. I highly recommend this book.
This book is written all about success. Python is one of the best platforms to start with as it serves as a core of modern computing techniques such as deep learning, machine learning, and neural networks. In this book, you will learn exactly what advantages Python has over other languages.
This is book is straightforward with significant data, you just can't overlook, get it and begin playing, I know I will do it when I discover a guitar!Recommended it to all.
It is a good depiction of the" artsy-fartsy" era of the thirties and forties and then into the war era
The movie version of The Hunt for Red October is one of my favorite movies. I never read the book till now when Amazon offered the kindle version for a good price. So I thought I'd give it a try and see how the original novel was changed when converted into a movie. The pace was slower since you have to fit a movie into 90-120 minutes. The movie combined some of the action again to compress it all so I was taken by surprise when certain things didn't happen as in the movie. The book presents much more in terms of things like how Russian submarine crews differed from the American ones which I appreciated. It also provided info on the difference in the technology of the American vs Russian subs. If you never read the book and only saw the movie, it's worth a read. (It was interesting how in the movie they changed Ryan's daughter age from 6 to 5 and she wanted her dad to bring home a 'brother' for her teddy bear Stanley instead of a Barbie doll (in the novel). Visually in the movie it worked better in the end when Jack finally was able to sleep on a plane with the teddy bear sitting in the seat next to him. )
It took a year to read this book. So many twists, hidden secrets, start over so many chapters. Good,,,,heck yea.
I just have to get this off my chest: I HATE the cover of this book. It's awkward and pointless; I kept hoping there would be some big moment in the novel where it made sense, to no avail. Thankfully, the actual book far surpassed the cover art. The Naked Truth was fun and flirty, peppered with enough heavy subject matter to keep me invested in Layla and Gray's story. Layla and Gray were both fabulously strong characters. I found Gray's raw honesty and commitment to never lie to Layla refreshing in a world where so many romance novels are predicated on lies of omission or miscommunication. They both had more than their share of reasons to be distrustful of everyone else, so the stark candor they practiced with each other was the only way they were able to navigate their way to a relationship. The Naked Truth is one of the most unique second-chance romances I have ever read. Given the circumstances under which they first met and formed a relationship, they had an entire set of issues to overcome most couples don't. Even after they overcame their strange beginning life continued to lob all kinds of curve balls at them. I loved that neither of them laid down and just took the beating they were given, and they both fought for what they needed on a personal level with grace and understanding. The secondary characters in The Naked Truth were life. They added so much value to the story and gave us such a fascinating insight into the lives and hangups of both Layla and Gray, while still maintaining their places as standalone characters. Even the character I wanted to hate was so well-written I felt more compassion for them than I wanted to. I wish the loose ends were more fully wrapped up. There were two subplots that felt like they were just forgotten about by the story ended and I would have loved to have seen some closure for them, especially since one of them was the impetus for most of the plot. The Naked Truth is a complete standalone novel. The story is complete in a single novel. The book is written in dual first-person perspective, narrated by Layla and Grayson.
Sweet romance and the beginning of a series. Chet is the oldest of six brothers, he has sacrificed for his family. He meets Christy a veterinarian that recently moved into town and it was almost an immediate connection. I enjoyed this book and recommend it.
This was a very nice escapist series for me. The character development was good and the story lines plausible with a few twists. Sometimes, however, the ending of a book can be rather abrupt, but still I would recommend it.
Easily understood even for a 73 year old non- geek great grandma! I cannot think of anything else to say.
Kept me interested and wanting to see what came next in the main story. Did not care for the little extras between chapters
Based on real life actions and doings of successful people this is an excellent read to follow the pathway to achieve greater success in life. Things that a person should follow or care of, are nicely organized and described with examples that will definitely prove worthy to consider. I recommend this book to everyone.
If you're looking for a book dealing with the intricacies of life in the vast cosmos....keep looking..if you want entertained for a bit you've come to the right place..enjoy
A fast, cute, and funny read. A bit predictable but that's okay because its Christmas.
Just like the storylines. Believable. Didn't like the aging of Rapp and the others. Natural, but means the end of the stories is near.
Easy, tastes good, most ingredients are easy to find, many recipes don't require fresh produce, and I actually use this cookbook after having it for several months. This is a really nice cookbook with some delicious recipes. The book is easy to follow and has a nice layout.
The approach is practical! It a great tool to change another way around how you see and do things in business. Through reading this book, I understand how to build a business scientifically. Highly recommend.
The case is not too complex and the love story pleasant yet predictable. Thought the plot would be more intense but still enjoyable
Jack headed to North Dakota to find his brother. Meeting the bakery owner Ginger was a bonus. Short story but enjoyed.
The book was very exciting and informative. However, it seemed to have stopped where a next book would pick up. I will definitely read that next book.
This was a well written story with great characters. The book definitely pulls at your heartstrings. It will have you second guessing about everything the same way the main character does. It was sad and sweet at the same time. You can feel Josie's frustration as the author describes everything. And, you can guess what's going on but, you will probably be wrong. I'll definitely be looking for more books by this author.
It was an easy and fun read. Enjoyed the older detective. I will have to read the next in the series.
I liked this book. It was a nice quick read. Definently going to look for more books from this author.
In our country in our time some things have not changed. The story covers many ,things that need for us to think.
Sometimes love comes in mysterious ways, only time gives us the strength to keep our desires. Jane was a sad kid, was a poor girl but kept doing what she has to do in order to her feelings
I miss Maisie Dobbs in between books so I like to savor the reading... I thoroughly enjoyed the secondary story in this one and did not guess the main mystery.
Very informative book. It's well written. On this subject of both Alzheimer's and Dementia from the perspective of both. The only Improvement I would have made was towards the end it got a little long on case studies but overall very
Good love story, with an inspirational addition. Intrigue and surprises. How God''s love and strength help in challenging times. Amen.
Fascinating read about a transformative way to approaches business and well life. Although a bit redundant at times the repetition was good for me to cement my understanding.
Very informative for someone like me that just discovered I'm an empath a few months ago Very accurate information as well.
I have not been kind in my reviews for the first two but I enjoyed this book. Hey I may not give perfect reviews to this author but I read all 3 of these books in 3 days and will be downloading more from this series. I just have minor complaints with her writing and editing. Warning: Possible Spoilers These two finally get their act together in this book and the events in this book were suspenseful. I mean it was frustrating but I was feeling the emotions in this book. I actually even shed a few tears. I still find Natasha annoying but she's alright and I admired her strength and fire with her whole ordeal. I liked Joshua a lot more in this book and my heart broke right along with him. This couple can defiantly be called hot. I never mentioned in my first two reviews but damn the sex scenes are explicit. Maybe a little too much but I am so excited to read the others books!
This is a good book to get someone used to programming by way of Python. As the title says, it's a book for beginners, not intermediate or advanced programmers. It walks through basic principles of Python with a lot of examples and references. Nice read overall.
This book was well written with an easy to read style. The advice was very down to earth, which is odd to say since there was an entire chapter on angels. The author gave you the impression that genie magic is a natural way of being, and the only practical way to live your life. While I didn't agree with everything he shares, my only real dislike was the amount of space he gave to judging other people as the negative, drama, or problem people. He did give a passing paragraph to everything being a mirror, but ultimately didn't seem to give it much weight. Otherwise though, I really enjoyed the book.
I didn't really care for the beginning of the book and I had a hard time to keep at it. Glad I did though because it ended up as a great story.
I loved the characters. Plot moved well. It was smooth reading. I will look for book one next. I didn't have any idea who the murder was .
I can't wait to read book 2 in this series. Has paranormal, romance, friendships, reconciliation and just downright fun. I can't say I can recommend this to my preteen advanced readers as it does have sexual situations in it, and a few curse words. But for an adult reading this it's really good
The military language was written well enough. The characters were likeable. The mystery was okay. The family dynamic was nice. The one thing that bothered me was how many times the phrase "his gray gaze" was used. It was a lot! Actually, the word 'gaze' was used many times on its own as well with gray and blue. Other than that, even though there are a ton of military books, I thought the story was a decent offering.
She works in a coffee shop, he stops in for a coffee and Christmas magic happens. But they don't connect and he leaves a gift behind. She searches for him and he can't forget her.
Good book, won't win any awards,but it's an easy read with a minimum of filthy language. Continuous story line also
It started out a little slow but was very good, ended strongly.
I would have loved for this to have been a trilogy and heard the Swans sisters stories from the beginning. I enjoyed the read, although I wanted a bigger connection to all of the books characters.
This book is encyclopedic on the features of the camera - maybe too encyclopedic. I've found it very useful, but it might be better if the author had ordered features in terms of usefulness. Some of what he describes are of little use to the average user. Still, it's an invaluable resource, and you can find what you're looking for in the table of contents or index.
I loved it even tho I didn't vote on how the story would go (didn't know about it!) I loved the humor in it, the chicken suit was so funny and as usual with this author, the writing was snappy and I had no problem visualizing each scene. I did find myself wishing it was a bit longer because the storyline was amusing and Jake was so adorable.
The best book I have read recently! From the first page to the last I was engaged. The plot was centered around the witch trials but also about human relations. I loved that every once in awhile there would be a bit of information that would slightly change what I thought was the direction of the story.
His Hammers Slammer s helped me get an understanding of what I was feeling on my return from Vietnam. I wrote my only fan letter to thank him for the help. He continues to write about real people and combat. Thanks again.
This book providing some important tips and tricks for keto meal plan. A great informative book. Providing helpful recipes. Appreciating content.
Great book. Great author!
This book was mind blowing. I NEVER read a book with so much twists like this. I really enjoyed reading this book.
Great book! However, wish it addressed pooping a little more. My daughter got Pee down in the first 3 days with the methods listed in this book.Helped me to start the potty training process, I just need to learn how to deal with the setbacks more.
The book was well written. I couldn't quite figure out who the Miracle Man was. The book was entertaining and I wouldn't mind reading about her time at the next pageant. Fannie Flagg is a fun author.
Great book that shows there is more to the stories in the Bible than we've been taught. Knowing the culture of that time gives a more accurate picture of the intent of what was being communicated.
A very good book with lots of action and suspense.probably will continue with the test of the series. Quick read.
This book has really changed my life as a women of God. It has really shown me how to act as a women of God, wife, mother, and career women.
Very long... But very a good book. Owen brings the characters alive and portrays a life that could have been any one of our own. His writing is thoughtful and artful, making the scenes come alive and giving individual voices to the characters. It's mid-western family life in a flawed, raw state but showing human resilience at it's finest. The use of curse words and some adult content makes this a book that you won't want your young children to read however.
Very good storyline. The writer has a was of keeping you hungry for more of the details. Strong characters all around.
Interesting premise, decent writing. Worth the low price I paid as a Kindle special offer.
A mail order Bride who has mind if her own! Your turn? A read you will not wish to put down!
Good read for when you don't want to indulge in a full-length book.
This series is an extremely disturbing dark story. However, I couldn't stop reading because I wanted to know what happened to the Benjamin, the main character. This series is not for the faint of heart. It goes to the deepest darkest corners of your mind. Those places people never thought they had. Yes, some parts were hard to read because I thought "how sick is someone to write this?" Then I thought "there are people in this world just as sick and that's even more disturbing. It was a long read and felt that some parts could be eliminated but all in all it was good.
Low carb diets are more popular than ever. Limiting refined carbohydrates and increasing healthy fats and proteins can help you lose weight and improve cardiovascular health. Cooking your own meals is essential when trying to eat a low carb diet, as dining out or buying prepared foods can make it difficult to adhere to a low carb lifestyle.
Learning what occured before Ophelia even had a chance to live was painful to read. I loved this prequel though. It had so much passion, pain, compassion, and adventure. Learning how someone came to be who and/or how they are is fun and enlightening. I can not wait to read Sticks and Stones.
Nice reminder of the important things in life.
Such an original setting for the story. No spoilers here, but this was a great book for discussion. There were times the book was difficult to read, as we were witnesses of the pain in the life of the main character and those in his life. Recommend this provocative book.
I really enjoyed the characters in this story. I found myself thinking of them when I wasn't reading and wondering what they were doing. I enjoyed their story, and the telling of it, very much. This is the first I have read by this author and, though I did not find her writing to be as seamless as some, her storytelling was captivating and I will seek out her other books.
I esteem the last three pages the charts are educational. Whatever is left of the book took me sooner or later to scrutinize truly explained of revealing what Wicca was to people who did and did not grasp their conviction without at fault no one.
I love PNR and MC so getting this was a no brainer. What I didn't expect was to enjoy it so much. The H/h in each story were perfect for each other and the supporting characters added to the storylines. The stories themselves flowed well with no lag.
The plot was very well-developed, with lots of twists. The members of the book club were likeable and caring people, who wanted to solve the mystery, but also because they cared about the people.
This book explains much that modern Science ignores and denies .
Enjoyed reading Merciless Charity.Charity was one tough lady.Hope to read more about her.
I haven't yet finished this book ,I am embarrassed to say although I am enjoying it so much I think I am trying to stretch it out . I have really enjoyed reading about Roberts early days and his family and friends and how his love for music really became his driving force for his life. I love that he was just a fan of rock and roll and blues and just decided to try to be a singer and then just was! I think that's everybody's dream . So much Amazing stuff in here it's a must if you are a real Robert Plant fan .
There is a happy ending, but there's a lot of sadness along the way. Several very hurt characters, trying to support themselves and each other.
I liked the first set of stories best. Towards the end the stories seemed more grim with female characters who were less independent
I enjoyed this book. It took a little time for me to get into the rhythm of her writing. I would have liked to know Lexi more. I'll read the next one and hope it is more character intensive.
This is the best of the books about weight loss. I'll explain why. If you decide to lose weight, this should not harm your health. In this book there is a clear plan that will help to keep your health in order. Delicious and healthy recipes for a balanced diet. After all, when weight loss, our body needs vitamins and food should contain the necessary amount of nutrients. I would recommend
Funny twists throughout the whole book. Look forward to next chapter
Well written. Easy to read anyone. Good Information included. Author release most popular bundle guide for beginner's. Recommended All!
I would recommend this to anyone thinking of having the surgery or has had the surgery. This book offers great information for anyone considering or who has recently had Gastric Sleeve Surgery. I have learned so much from Michael Beck. I would definitely recommend this book to others.
More like 3 1/2 stars. I couldn't stand Seneca, and felt no chemistry with him and Chevy. Seneca was so annoying and inappropriate. While the set-up and the mystery kept me reading, I have say everything about the two main characters left me bleh.
Takes a lot to keep me interested and this book did so. Not good at reviewing something but will say I truly enjoyed this book. Will definitely continue on.
I chose this book to read because I read the giver and I really liked it so if u like the giver then give this book a try.
Is a very helpful book pack with many awesome info, in how to stop procrastinating. This will help you to live a less stressful and more productive life.
It was my first time reading this author. I was pleasantly surprised. Great plot. No bad language. I'll read her again.
While it's clear this book was written with teens in mind, fantasy lovers of all ages would enjoy reading it.
Good story and characters. 4 stars because the writing felt stiff at times. I did not want to put this down and I didn't until I finished.
I️ loved how the past, present, and future were all interwoven like a tapestry. It kept me spellbound. It was amazing and felt good.
I picked this one up as a novel of postwar Britain, which it isn't. Its a bizarre coming of age story mixed in with the peculiarities of the often overlapping secret worlds of espionage and petty crime. It starts slow, but if the reader perseveres, it becomes worth the slog about 40% of the way in. I subtract one star for two reasons. First, the over precious writing style may make getting through the opening stages difficult. If I were not so set in my ways of finishing what I start, I would have abandoned this maybe 30 pages in, which would have been a shame. The second problem is a set of scenes set in Naples. For reasons I cannot explain without massive spoilers, the location simply makes no sense. While the actual history is alluded at rather than spelled out, it just doesn't work for being in that region of Italy. It should be in the northeast.
Can a “ made” shifter make a difference and get the girl. Bff's Polaris and cyclone set out to prove they can together. Great story in superb series. Left this review in an exchange for a ARC
This book is so sad , but such a co pulling read. After reading this you will be completely disgusted with how Donald Trump spoke about the current North Korean dictator.
Great story. Well written
The penal colony issue should have been thoroughly researched prior to making an incorrect historical statement that refuses to go away.
The book which is consisted on the information of paleo diet with the proven steps and approaches on how to lose weight with the implementation paleo diet without taking any risk. From this perfect book you better understand the Paleolithic diet and through this book you can confidently start your weight loss journey.
I recommend this to any Star Wars novel fan, enjoy a good solid story with solid action and great writing.
A few quirks and maybe a too much writing where not necessary. Biggest issue was using a word that no person in any conversation ever uses. Meniscus is never used in reference to the surface of water by anyone ever in the history of conversations. Please stop trying to use it unless talking about your knee.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Read it in 2 days! Couldn't wait for her to arrive in Key West.
I enjoy holiday romances with fabulous tropical backdrops and this one had some good humor too. Very enjoyable.
A slower paced, but Lovecraftian horror worth following after Annihilation. Most definitely worth the read! Some of the more creepier circumstances to encounter.
A little scary as this was written a few years ago and parts of it are happening today. I'm not the usual geek so it was a bit difficult to follow parts and I really had to concentrate on how the AI's were developing. It made sense. On to the next one!
The Years Between is a wonderful in-depth ride of Will and Jessie's story. It's a very emotionally driven story. It's beautiful watching Will & Jessie grow not only as a couple but as individuals also.
This cookbook has a range of options from appetizers and snacks, desserts, sandwiches, dinners and more. This truly has a bit for everyone, especially since it can be so hard to come up with different recipes when you're vegan and limited to certain foods. I bought this as a present for my wife and she absolutly loves it. Tons of new things we never would have even heard of in it.
Fun, delightfully steamy, Parisian romance. I loved the settings from the honeymoon suite to the Eiffel Tower, a cafe to a tree-house these guys connected. Dom and Smith had an amazing journey to falling in love! I loved the idea of a YouTube conference in Paris and all the interesting people that would be going is fascinating. The ending is awesome and i just love what these guys were able to create! A fantastic life for sure! I really enjoyed all of Dom's friends and getting to see Levi and Porter.
I like the story layout and the development of the characters
It was nice to have a healing resolution to Sean and Alexi's torture. The turnaround for Sean's PTSD felt abrupt. The other stories have re-readability but I doubt I'd read this one again; it could easily have been an epilogue.
An insight into the Traditions and beliefs of the Amish. Unexpected tragedy. Attempted healing but finally a move out of the comfort Zone to finally see the True Light. Hard to miss in Nature. The Rocky mountains and the beauty of the Montana wilderness. Thoroughly enjoyed the unfolding of a love story entwined in the characters.
I loved the storyline and Julian and Lisa. Nice conflict added in. Though I am getting tired of people having unprotected sex in these stories and coming up stunned when they get pregnant! DUH that what happens! lol
This was a fantastic debut novel. Very well written, developed characters, and a complex plot based on an extraordinary period in American history: the 1920s, right after women got the right to vote and prohibition was ongoing. I felt the ending had some missed opportunities, and got a bit convoluted, but still satisfying. I'll be happy to read more from this author. I can only imagine what more experience will do to her clear writing skills.
The book kept my interest. The story moved quickly. James Hunt seems to done his search on the subject. Thanks
I haven't finished reading it yet, but it's quite good so far.
A typical Sherlock Holmes story centering around a card board box that is delivered to a spinster and contains two severed human ears. She is clueless as to who would send her such a present, as are the police. After examining the package and asking a few questions, Holmes uses his powers of observation and reasoning to provide the police with sufficient information to allow them to capture the sender.
This is one of the best book to understand bitcoin sale and make income mechanism. I found that the book is well written and easy to understand. Author writes book with step by step approach that is the reason it is very easy to understand thanks.
I'm in my first year of French and I wanted to try reading Harry Potter in french once in a while for practice. Problem is some of the grammar moves beyond the scope of my class. I picked up this book because it covered the past historic, and it was just what I needed. It gives a pretty quick explanation about how this or that piece of grammar is used, and gives some conjugation charts and examples. I've also used it to clarify points that I was confused by in our school textbook. It does also have practice problems with answers you can jump to via hyperlink, so if you're looking for a primary source to learn from this might be sufficient for you. Since I don't use it in that way, I can't really attest to that personally. The reason I drop it to four stars and not five is more an annoying choice for the kindle version. Often they'll put sections of text as images, and I have to click on the image to enlarge it so I can read it. Since it's an image I also can't copy/paste it to my notes, and since to read it I need it that makes referencing anything else on my computer with it a pain. It was probably done to preserve the format of grammar charts in the kindle resizing thing. Ultimately though, these are annoyances I can live with and I do recommend this text.
It has great flow makes it hard to put down the people make u want to root for them love this author
This biography seemed like it was a translation. It still reads well and was my first book on the saint. The author is masterful at creating pictures in scenes ad using historical sources. The final chapters were very gripping, which narrated St. Bernadette's death. Excellent book. I read the kindle version, which is why I didn't give it the full five stars. Some words didn't transfer spelled properly and the photos were difficult to view. I feel like I missed out on the photos due to the kindle's limitations with visuals.
This was really cute and I loved the story. Many of the free kindle books I have read are not great, many I don't finish and I don't hesitate to leave bad reviews. This one was very enjoyable, kept me going to the end, and left me wanting more. Original idea. Fun love story and mystery. I will read more from this author.
Another solid entry into a great series. Maddox and the crew continue leading the way in protecting the commonwealth from the numerous threats that the galaxy has to offer.
I didn't really care for this character until I read this little novella. I really liked getting a better look at Leif.
this Book about Manchester. which know as a part of United Kingdom. this book tell us the culture of manchester, there life style, there food habit, where they travel, there sport's, there street sing. any one want to about them just read this book. manchester by the sea look like that's movie. Highly impressive information about manchester. such a informative book
Good set; three lords who need reforming, and who are willing to do that for the right lady. I thought the first book the best, and enjoyed the story line. Also liked that there is a continuation of their “set”, which makes a pleasure to follow.
A really nice story about a sixty year old woman who finds her courage to change her life. She leaves her home makes new friends and finds a new life for herself.
I loved there was two stories going on one of a missing women that a man with and media may of played a role in her disappearance or could it be the series killers past victim ..the story unfolded with he killer quite busy..loved that I was never once bored
Cecelia Dowdy weaves an inspiring mystery romance that delights the reader's palette as well as the reader's heart. Having worked in a bakery as a teen, I enjoy the scrumptious treats sold at the Southern Comfort Bakery. Several thought provoking motifs are presented in Cecelia Dowdy's romances: feeding the homeless, soup kitchens or shelter, overbearing parents, and do parents always know what is best for their children. As a reader, who has worked closely with two blind people, I related to Carl Warner challenges, as a blind person. As a retired high school teacher, I encounter too many stifling helicopter moms, like Miriam and pregnant teens like Jessica. A well written story with believable but somewhat irrational characters, twist and turn plot, and convincing resolution. Recipe for Southern Lemon Pound Cake include.
I would definitely recommend this book to my friends and family. Kept me on the edge of my seat. Fantastic
Cooper puts together another page turning story of the few and the brave, protecting the many who are uniformed, and thus unprepared for could happen. Good read.
The story line was very good and the twists were unexpected and kept you engaged; however, it was somewhat confusing when Chris was remembering his past because the story jumped into it without leading us there and you had to figure out what was happening! The sex scenes were a bit much for a historical romance with language that could have been toned down! Overall, I really enjoyed the book and watching Chris and Rebecca overcome their rough start and fall in love!
At first, I couldn't get used to the rhythm of the story. Once I did, I found the story amazing. The twists and turns, the back and forth of the time periods added to that the protagonist said in the beginning, get on with the telling.
Has true history the book was great...... Has a true story I found the book great.
The book was a good read and everything we've come to expect from the author.
Worth a read about heroism in the Netherlands during WWll.
Lots of shorts about cocky men and the women they love. There's romance, a wedding, and plenty of humor involved. I would have gotten this anthology even if it wasn't put out there for the rebellious purpose of defending our right to use the word cocky.
A good story about good people.
All the stories were good: the action, the romance, the drama and sizzle. They all needed editing for every kind of grammatical error.
This is not the sort of book where the reader can figure out 'who dun it' before the story unfolds in its own time. And to tell on myself, I did stay up really late one Sunday night to finish as I could not leave the ending for another day. Its a good story, that hints at the killers past without giving much away. The author uses characters that also appear in another series of his. I liked this angle, but the character of Zoe in this story felt a little off. Or maybe I should have read Spider's Web before reading the first Zoe Bentley book? The story could use some additional editing. Such as the potential witness who goes by Clover is said to be from West VA but a detective flies to Idaho to question her. Oops.
Interesting read with a few twists. Not much cooking and the sisters thing was kind of stupid but, overall, a good and quick,easy read.
Nina and Shane had a great marriage ... until they didn't. Shane's plummet into drug dependence, violence and spousal abuse breaks the marriage. Nina has to run with her special-needs baby and find the where and funds to take care of herself and darling baby girl. Things get nastier and the courts slap Shane with a protection order and eventually into mandated hospitalization. But he gets out, files for divorce and returns to his life of addiction and violence. Is there any way they can get over the bad memories and come together again? Will love conquer all? You gotta read the book. I did and I loved it!
Quick fun read. If you like books with a twist you will like this one. Not great lit but nice read.
I love her books. This one did not disappoint.
Very nice summary of the history of the doomed ship. Learned a lot. Book was sometime repetitive, but if you are interested in Titanic, good read.
I really liked this book. This manual contains detailed information on how to overcome hypothyroidism and what treatment options are considered. It is really interesting to read, I recommend!
Could have been better. More world-building would be nice. Loved the lines the MC gave as he finished off the turds who deserved it. Loved the heroines and looking forward to more.
I found it an interesting read with well formed characters. It kept my attention the whole time.
Kevin Durant: Rise Above and Shoot, The Kevin Durant Story by Steve James is one of its kind if you are genuinely a basketball fanatic. If you ever follow the trending in basketball this the book to pick, the ideas in the book are well put which makes the reading easy for anyone at any level. Learn about the life and overall achievement of the great basketball players Kevin Durant, knowing how to be the best you need to see how the best reached there.
I really liked this book. It had pirates, magic and a lot of great swashbuckling adventure. I highly recommend this book!
I love all her books and try to read every one. They are always a great read.
I liked this book. I liked the style of writing. It wasn't hard to follow or confusing at all for me. I liked the twists and turns. I just bought the other two books in the series and am starting the second book tonight. I want to see how everything wraps up. I would recommend this book.
This story is action packed with likable characters. Except for the evil, twisted, bad guys.... But wraps up with a nice HEA/HFN. I enjoyed it!
This was a great book and find.
This was a cute story and a quick read. Some fresh air and a laugh after a string of bleak historical fiction and dark murder mysteries. I'd read a sequel :)
I received a free copy of this book via Booksprout and am voluntarily leaving a review. An entertaining and enjoyable read. It's a bit steamy but it's got an interesting plot and entertaining characters.
Tried a new author and was pleasantly surprised. I enjoy fast reading and this story delivered. Looking forward to my next visit to the ocean!
A fun, unusual plot with unique characters.
The accompanying parts talk about everything to do with machine gaining from its place in information science to how it functions and how it is connected in our day by day lives without acknowledging it. I discovered this book extremely instructive and supportive.
I found many ideas for writing fantasy from this book.
In the beginning I really disliked the narrator, but as the story developed, my opinions completely changed. I ended up enjoying this one a great deal. My first from this author, so I will definitely read more.
This book revisits characters from A Time to Kill. Very colorful characters that you will care about. Very interesting premise with American history thrown in for good measure. Not his best, but very enjoyable.
A powerful continuation of the first book by a master storyteller I enjoyed the interaction between the pillars of the Mother and their adversaries
This book is really useful one for control and develop my gift.This is a great guideline for me.I enjoyed the topics of the book.
It was a good book Well add more star wars book L and the book was well written Good bey
This was a nice light read. Enjoy getting to know Holden and Crowley with a cup of cocoa in front of warm fire.
You'll want to read this and his next and hopefully more after that. Enjoyable multidimensional read. Just the right amount of thrill ... can't put it down ... but can still fall asleep when done.
Lovely series.Shows books can be written without.all the graffic descriptions and still be a great book Thank you Brooke St. James
A simple story with a lot of action. Family drama, and relationships made right. Overall a very sweet story of second chances in love. Read past the somewhat-kitschy dialogue and enjoy!
This book delves more into how their relationships are going to grow and work out in their lives. The idea of multiple mates is something the guys have grown up with so they thought it would be super easy. In the book they find out that is not always the case and all 4 of them are learning to love together.
I really enjoyed this book. It's easy to read, but still has a lot of useful information. It's a quick reference to get you started. Also a good reference for understanding fasting and breaking the fast
Very captivating. Very hard to put down. Loved it..
I enjoyed this very much. I would warn some that it is quite scientific, almost textbook like for the first third or so. But I enjoyed learning much about hurricanes and the various agencies involved with tracking and warning. Very educational
Keeps you wanting more!
This book left me all Italian history, cuisine, culture, all Italian regions, where to go, how to get there, what to see, when and where to see it, how to stay safe and more secret tips, now I'm Fascinated to visit Italy.
This was a great book. I loved the characters and there was a story line that you could believe. And the steamy scenes, let's just say they were scorching hot.
I liked the story and the different way the guys became shifters. definitely looking forward to more stories in this series.
Lots of twists and turns to the plot. Captivating and informative. I'll probably read it again at some point. Try it you'll like it.
Such a good book. I love PNR and this book totally fed that love. Loved the Prince and Quinn and their extended family. Can't wait to see where this series goes.
Brilliant, but the ending was just a tiny bit disappointing. I like to find out what happens to all the characters.
This was pretty good book even though there were a few times I was lost to the stereotypes. I love books that are unique and this had a few new things I haven't read about before.
If you like role playing and screw ups becoming heroes this is up your alley. Fast paced and full of fun twists.
Funny book for kids 3-7. Fun rhyming story, great colorful pictures. Wish this was around when my son was a little younger.
With the current rate of mass shootings, this book gives a good portrayal of what the victims' families go through tryin to get just compensation for their loss.
An ok read. A little slow on the story , but gets it across in the end
I loved reading this book. First because I read tons of books every year, and that is not possible without some form or other of speed-reading. Second because every book on speed-reading gives me something new. Here is a book that offered me something totally new! Highly recommended!
makes you think, eye opener
I liked the book but there was a thing that did not jive me... the relationship aspect was slow. The two didn't really come together as a couple until about 80% so watching and waiting for it to happen was a little tiresome. I mean, I knew they would end up together (hello, this is a romance!) but the pace of it happening was really drawn out. Still the story worked.
"Thirteen" was recommended to me, so I looked it up and saw that it was a series. Read the first, "Twisted", Plea is the second. I enjoyed this book, loved the "hooks" at the end of the chapters. And even though I had guessed the ending it was a fun read. Looking forward to "Thirteen".
The Kitty Committee was a well-written and interesting story. Kind of like taking a peek into what happens to the mean clique at school after they are all grown up. Would they regret things they have done? Would anyone hold animosity towards them years later? It also shows how even the most seemingly popular, look down their nose at you people in school, were just trying to fit somewhere. Or following the leader. I enjoyed this read, though I was hoping for a bit more suspense, since it's labeled as a suspenseful book.
Great cookbook added to my collection. I was really impressed on how this book was written. Too simple however really gives me a lot of awesome recipes.
Pulled me in from the beginning. Interesting characters. A little obvious but sometimes that's ok if it is well written.
Was a good read I enjoyed it had hard time putting it down Was disappointed the new one wasn't out yet it would be nice to continue reading uninterrupted
Good recipes and fairly clear instructions. Some recipes give me the feeling they were written for something other than an Instant Pot.
Karin Slaughter is one of my very favorite authors, and few writers can weave a tale as well as she can. That said, I'm a little disappointed in Criminal. It's well written for sure -- BUT I didn't care for the jumping back and forth from present to past to present again, and that with little clarity for the reason behind it until much later in the story. I admit I almost lost interest and nearly quit a quarter of the way through the book. I told myself it had to get better because it's a Karin Slaughter book, for goodness sake! So I kept reading, and it did indeed pick up considerably half way through. However, even then there were a few annoying things that I largely ignored, one of them being the silly notion that one of "the girls" was a virgin because detectives found a box of tampons among their meager possessions. Really, Karin Slaughter? Twelve, thirteen, and fourteen year old virgin girls have been using tampons since they were first put on the market ages ago. Note to author and others who may not know: tampons aren't what causes a girl (or woman) to lose her virginity. I know the book is fiction, and the writer can dream up whatever, but that virgin-tampon thing was ridiculously absurd. However, once the story (finally) started to unfold, it turned into an interesting, exciting read. I was actually eager to finish it. So despite what I thought was a somewhat muddled beginning with a few quirks along the way, I enjoyed it and recommend it to others. There's also a bonus short story at the end of Criminal called Snatched. It was better than the book itself, and it's classic Karin Slaughter cleverness. Bravo! Well done! Of course I will continue to read Karin Slaughter books, and I do like poor ole Will Trent. I look forward to reading a more of his cases.
This book explains why how the political candidates are packaged may be more important than what they say. It is what I wanted when I wanted it as I wanted it in the new condition as I ordered. Thank You.
Maddie and Sam are attracted to each other but, both have romance baggage. Turns out they each had been enablers to addicts. Real shame no-one directed them to Al-anon because that could really help.
Very thought provoking. I can't imagine her pain...
After waiting for a new book from Glenna Sinclair, I bought this one with just a negative review, to go on. However, I love all of her books, so I was getting it anyway, and I am not disappointed. I'm on the 3rd book RYDER and I am loving them all so far. Soon I'll be finished and then waiting again, lol.
I really liked the book. I am a Christian & could relate to the spiritual warfare that is a daily battle. God always wins & sometimes tragedy has to happen for Him to win. It's my hope & prayer we can walk the steps set before us to avoid the pain of falling away in disobedience.
Good book. I enjoyed reading it.
In the vein of Lee Childs with a bit of Robert B Parker thrown in for good measure. Nobody can recreate Robert B parker but the buddy system carries over a bit from the Spencer series. Worth reading.
Another very good story as always, I read most anything Amanda writes. I very much enjoyed the improved balance between s talk was and story. Good character development but very little magic. I do much want to see the cousins come into their potential, all these references to how powerful Bay can be . I am ready for them to bust loose
I always love the second chance romance when it is childhood friends. Such great characters. I love this series. Can't wait to read the next one.
This is a good book a guy learns he is dying so he tries to tie up loose ends and gets closer to his family, I would recommend this book, I won't say what he is dying I don't want to ruin or spoil any thing. Author Rex Bolt does a great job at bringing the characters to life Shauna
I started to read this when I was too busy, but when I could get back to it it turned out to be a really good read. I am about to go and see if I can find the next installment.
good book, im really happy to buy this book.
Heather Graham always delivers a good read. This was a fun read with mysterious deaths. There were a lot of characters, so I have to really concentrate on a Kindle, not quite as easy to turn back a page or two, lol
The detail in this book is amazing. You will be reading it more than once to grasp the concepts behind the author's approach to Amazon Advertising. I just wish there were a few examples of his (and others) ads and the Excel spreadsheet he uses, otherwise, good information.
Stock market investing for beginners is an informative guide. Top 10 investing tips is here. Stock market investing and trading tools. Basics for beginners. Mastering challenges of stock market investing. How to excel in the stock market. How to invest right in the stock market. Reasons to invest in the stock market. All main information you should know before investing in the stock market.
The other is where you would fast for a certain amount of hours and then eat the rest of the day. Personally I have always heard that if you fast that your metabolism will start to shut down after a while and you will not lose weight so I am not sure that you will lose weight. They do talk about starvation mode which is what I was talking about where your metabolism will shut down. They do have a five day meal plan where they do show you what you should eat if you are thinking about doing an Intermittent Fasting Diet plan. Then of course they have Recipes that they have you can follow as well.I have received a discount for my honest review.
Same as book one awesome
...in the near future. More vivid characterization than most classic "hard" sci-fi, recommended.
This book is both a good overview of the ketogenic lifestyle and a keto cookbook. There are many healthy and delicious recipes in the cookbook. Thus, a portion of the formulas incorporated into this book is now I arranged. Readily there are couple of formulas that are unfamiliar to me and I can even now attempt those. I was extremely glad to discover this book.
I LOVED this story!! I loved the world, the plot, the pace, etc. I really wanted to give 5 stars, but the editing was the worst so far. Soooooo many mistakes left in that they made it hard to stay in my "reading zone." I found myself having to reread sentences multiple times to figure out what was the correct sentence. Please Ms. Sanders, get a better editor.
It's actually not a bad book. I understand how some people gave this a one star rating but the book itself is actually not a bad read. Of course it's not as good as Jude Deveraux other books but it's not horrible either. Not every one of her books is going to be as good as "A Knight In Shining Armour". I enjoyed it nonetheless. 4 stars rating from me.
I was very satisfied when I purchased this book. In this book you will find each of the recipes is easy to follow using the step-by-step directions. Each selection has a detailed nutritional value count that includes the total calories, net carbs, protein, and total fats. This book is very well written by the author and i highly recommend this book to all.
The book has a lot to offer when it comes to organization. The amazing ideas are very effective when it comes to organizing a house. The Art of Clean- Organizing Techniques In order for you to get organized by starting off with cleaning. I so loved to ideas. Will be applying all of these next week.
Nice novel; I enjoyed it,
Good not great... kind of a connector book- but enjoyed the character development. Wish this and the next book were published together
The 6 stories on offer here are very well crafted. Easy to read and thought provoking, each story offers something a little different. Not just futuristic, these tales run the gamut of fantasy. Some set in the near future, some in the distant past, all thought provoking and with layers of meaning. Anyone who enjoys well written fiction of the shorter length variety will find something to like here.
Truly this book started and I thought, boring. I kept reading out of boredom and so happy I did! I loved the empowerment given to the main character and the Boss who sees her potential. I recommend this book and am excited to read more.
What can I say? Dragon Kings rule.
The stories are all pleasant reading for any age. The 4 star is because the author slips in and out of dialect with no consistency. I found that jarring. Just leave the ain't and wanna and gonna out completely or use them consistently.
I read this book because it was a Stephen King novel.I can't help myself. His novels never disappoint. Never stop !
Great read to give you insight into a kitchen you might be eating from. There are things I learned that I never knew.
This book gave some very good information on how to do this type of trading and strategies you can use to find and make good trades. It would be good for someone just starting out trading stocks because it covers all the basics. It is also is good for people with more experience in the market but wanting to learn more. I recommend this book and would read more books from this author.
Very enjoyable. My standard for an enjoyable novel is whether I think about it when not reading it, and whether I look forward to reading more. This book did both. However... Author needs to face reality on app-dating for the good doctor. He had oh so many women sending him crotch shots, just wanting to hook up! My my such a sexy doctor LOL. Reality: Women do not do this in general, even on hook-up sites. If you see this kind of stuff, even on a hook-up app, it's a scam or sex worker. That said, the dates he went on were very realistic IMO. Other than that, I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Parenting, divorce, entitled filthy rich New Yorkers, medicine, etc. Well done. Laughed my butt off at the descriptions of the yoga housewives and their shirts. Great satire and so true. Good adventure, if you can get over some of the trite stuff.
I've read a lot of books by Susan Elizabeth Phillips and enjoyed them all. First Star had me laughing out loud. So many characters incorporated that made this a great story.
These stories we're too funny!!!! Simply a cracking good time! Jeeves is amazing! He solves Wooster's with such cool aplomb.
I really enjoyed this! The romance was romantic, the storyline was dramatic...it was a good read. I was a little thrown by the song lyrics - wasn't overly impressed, maybe because I had no melody to sing them along to - and the stories that went along with the recipes didn't always make sense to me, but those were dimmed in the spectacular glow of the rest of the book. Oh, and I'm a bit of a prude, so I may have glossed over the sex scenes, but I don't feel like I missed anything.
I enjoyed the trip through history with characters I will remember. Experiencing Poland during WWII was educational and entertaining. Thanks for the read.
Power in the tongue we speak life or death and I t is biblical Great read Biblical principles we can live by
I found the storyline intriguing, but it was a little slow at the start. All in all, a great read.
This was an interesting look into the world of Home Depot.
A interesting and insightful look at how the brain functions with emotions and it's implications on creating a better society. A fantastic explanation of the biological workings of the brain, and its relationship to outward emotional expression and interpersonal relationships.
I enjoyed all the stories
I like the emphasis on consent that is often absent in shifter works . The characters were likeable and the plotting well-paced. I'm hoping to read more in this series soon, though I do wish it was KU.
Very cute. I really enjoyed this story
Moves well,little more character development is needed but overall a good read. Would recommend for a casual escape type of reading.
A little more violence than I like but excellent story line and characters. Each character stands out as a full person.
Tolstoy's writing tends to be very dense, and translations are always a task of paraphrasing. This translation is well done and readable, BUT seems to be in need of a good editorial review. Numerous minor issues such as prepositions or pronouns missing and such. Lots of awkward sentences.
Sweet story of the boarder who comes to hideaway in the Inn to avoid anyone from the French army finding him. As he recovers from his wounds and awaits new orders, he falcon love with one of the Inns daughters. Nicely written.
Somewhat predictable but fun read. So far have loved all of eva n Carrie's books. Especially the odyssey series and also the atlas rising books
This book basically motivates you to take charge of your progress in Spanish. I have taken beginning, intermediate and advanced Spanish courses, I can read and write in spanish fairly well, however when it's time to converse I go blank. The authors method is not easy but at this point I'm willing to try it. If you find yourself looking up words that you've already looked up before this book could be helpful. Will follow up in a few months with my progress. I think reading this books helps with learning another language and this book is great in a sense that it does not leave the reader only reading basic language sentences. This book should help challenge those of you who are beginner intermediate and trying to get to intermediate and advanced reading comprehension.
The story was good, but the proofreading was nonexistent! Very frustrating
An excellent "take me away" book & oh- did I forget to mention sexy Highlanders?
Be careful what you wish for...I'm not drawn to the subject matter always of this author's books, but her writing, storytelling, is just flawless. She sucks you right in, makes you feel what her characters are feeling, which is terrifying at times. If you're willing to step out of your box and comfort zone, I recommend her to you. Her humor shines through even the dark.
This was a very unique story, opening with a mysterious poetic prologue. I'm impressed with the creativity of the story and the appeal of the characters. The combination of the mystical and the romantic makes the story pull you in. I think it's a nice start to what looks like a trilogy.
fun, quick read. nothing too in depth but a great way to pass some time. worth it for the price.
My favorite line from this guy wrenching read. I enjoyed how the storyline was not all sunshine and rainbows. It was kept realistic. Great book.
I enjoyed this read that includes a woman waiting her divorce to be final. She is addicted to chocolate and is the owner operator of a pastry sandwich shop. She rents a house to and hires a single mother who refused to discuss her past. Together the support and stand up for each other as their messed up lives real with some difficult situations. A great read.
This was a good book. It kept your interest until the end. You were never sure what was going to happen next.
The second part of the dirty billionaire sorry. They been having a lot of trouble when she gets so upset with him that she just walks right out the door. Of course he follows and more dirty sex which they can't seem to keep their hands off each other. She is upset he thinks his career is more important than hers and he does too.. these books were pretty good really.. just hated had to buy the last 2 .. 🤪
Bound by the billionaire is a bit different than the usual billionaire books. Oh sure, there is an excess of spending, but that isn't the main focus of the book. I kind of liked the conflict between them, but when things got tough as they always do, I found her forgiveness came a little too quickly. Still the action was fairly hot and kinky which is why we buy the books, isn't it? So go ahead and indulge. Good fun.
A unique re-telling of the classic Cinderella story set in the Regency England time period... A fun, clean, easy read. Abby develops such good characters and it was also nice to revisit some of them from previous books to hear about how they are doing. Although you don't need to read any previous books to "get" what's going on. A true stand alone book. I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
I have trouble describing why I like thing, sorry. I enjoyed it, that's important to me. Seriously, I'm not a critic
Very fun read. My only problem was it ended very abruptly with no tied up ends.
I really enjoyed this set and I am looking forward to reading more.
Nix loses her son and husband to killers, figures out they were sent by her crime boss, estranged father, Romano, and goes after him. But the path to Romano is far from straight. She discovers things she never knew about her husband and his business partner, Nick. She discovers her father is trying to become part of the Collective, a bunch of abnormal criminals. And she discovers the serial killer part of her is not gone forever. This Urban Fantasy is somewhat meandering and Nix goes through a lot of side alleys in her quest for revenge, but what makes this eminently readable and fun are Nix's dog, Abe, and her two guns. That sounds weird when I write it, but yep, its Abe, who has been well-trained with German guard dog commands and constantly is helping Ni by biting into enemy forearms or snuggling up against her leg for comfort, and her two guns--Dinah and Eleanor-- who provide a constant chatter, at times snarky and bloodthirsty, that gives the emotional intimacy I often look for in a partner/love interest. And there is mystery surrounding just who Nix is, what connection Romano's deal with the devil has to Nix, and how she will overcome her pain at losing her son, Bear. He is a constant presence to her throughout this book. I went ahead and jumped into the second book right away because of a cliffhanger regarding the deaths of Nix's family. If you like Urban Fantasy, and especially if you are looking for one where the main emphasis isn't romance, come meet Dinah and Eleanor and Abe ;)
The book is perfect source to know day trading.
I have vacationed several times in St. Thomas. so when the author mentioned sites in St. Thomas it would bring back memories of the times I had spent on vacation. The story......it started somewhat interesting but I feel it had a week ending.
Overall this book is very well. I like this book. easy to read and very informative book also. must be read this book. I suggested to all. I hope you must find this book useful. Recommended!!
It's really outstanding book. Comparing this book with other book it will be foolish, because you can find the exact information in this book, I'm pretty sure that you will not find any book like this one , It will be very difficult. I highly recommend this book.
I liked the portrayal o Janet's career.
I love the storyline of this series. The characters are different from the traditional murder mystery. However, I wasn't able to give it 5 stars as the writing had some major flaws and there are typographical and grammatical errors needing to be corrected. All in all though the series is a good fast read
Good airplane read. Light and engaging.
I can't make up my mind. It's definitely not 3 stars but does it reach my 4 star criteria I'm just not too sure. 3.5 maybe? This is the story of Eden and Levi. Eden has decided to live the life of a spinster librarian until Levi comes to town to become the town blacksmith. This book although well done is the retelling of the prodigal son. Levi has a past, can Eden accept that past and learn forgiveness. It is heavily Christian in many parts and I don't mind reading scriptures but I thought it was a bit over done in some parts. Then there were parts where there would be no real Christian reference and the storyline would move along at a rapid pace and you could hardly put it down. Hence my indecision. I would recommend it to others so that's a good sign! 😊
I enjoyed the book, but as usual in most books I knew ahead of exactly what was going to happen no surprise there.
Contains great and wonderful bedtime stories that kids will surely and definitely want to here very night. Stories that could teach them some important lessons in life. This book has emphasized also that bedtime stories has a huge part in children's growing up.
good story but I felt like I was rushed through everything. Loved concept of people with different abilities and what happens when they mate. Just wished we had gotten more background and gotten in their kind of lives.
I cried a few tears while reading this story
Thoroughly enjoyed it and happily bought the next one. Definitely worth the price of the first book to see if you like it.
Written so that it reads in Laura's voice.
Once again, this story kept me reading when I should have put it down. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because there were some details I would have liked to have seen that were not there. I could only surmise what happened at those times. I am clearly interested in seeing another book of the Major Brooke Grant series. What comes next????!!!
This was a good book to listen to on a hot summer day! Did have some language that I am not accustomed to listening too. But overall great read!
Cute story just entertaining. A fast read for a short story. Have to appreciate the time that it took for all the research .
This book comes across as crude and course. It is direct and to the point. It comes at you in a brutal way. It is riddled with grammar and usage errors. But none of that matters in the end. The author is experienced, he knows what he's talking about, and sadly, he's mostly right about everything he says. Statistically speaking, the probability is very high that most of what this author says is true in a depressing number of occasions. There are places in this world where western men flock in order to find love, probably because of multiple failures with western women. So these men flock to places where the women come easily, and where the women are in need of men with money. Unfortunately, these men go there with nearly zero understanding of what they are getting themselves into. Many of these men spend years visiting these place, fooled by a fantasy that they have found true love. The brutal truth is that these men are caught in a cruel web of darkness and a culture they will never understand or truly belong to. Many men will rebel against the substance of this book because they don't want to know the truth. Fools. Read this book, and know the reality.
I have given this book 4 stars because the story seems close to what I imagine the western frontier must have been like. 1 star off for lack of editing, especially in the last few chapters where on one page especially I had difficulty trying to decide which him you were talking about. Also, please do leave the s off the end off the word beside...and aside. I live in and love this Montana area where the story took place, so it's fun to go back in time and see it as it was. I'm so glad some customs and attitudes have changed,but not all of them.
Love Mystery's T sea book, the murder can't get away! This was a different story then most, found it interesting. And the end was awesome!
Very good information. Hits right on what I have. Some great recipes for people who like to cook and use different ingredients. Some of the things I haven't even heard of and could never get in my very rural community and some of us have more than just hashimotos along with other food restrictions. All in all helpful.
I thought this book was an exciting journey of a young ladies life. Lots of twist and turns along the way and the end is surprising!
I quite like this story a lot happens in it that you don't expect, I hope I am able to buy the rest of the story
This was the first time I've tried a book like this and I enjoyed it for the most part. I do believe that a lot of our pain comes from emotional feelings versus the actual physical feeling. It was pretty interesting and really gave me a different perspective on pain and medical treatment. I think this would work in some cases, but I also feel like it won't work for every situation. Overall, it was refreshing book to read and it opened my eyes to healing pain non-traditionally.
Enjoyable story even with the psycho babble.
This book can tell you about the technology Blockchain. You only need to choose a cryptocurrency and you can invest. You are going to be able to invest in Blockchain in other ways as well. Blockchain will help you in many aspects of your life, and if you are not sure and if you are going to able to use Blockchain for your project, then get ready to try. It was informative. I recommend
It was very interesting for me to learn about the the behind the scenes at the Whit House. I would have liked to have known a little more about Field's personal life (life outside the White House) is he could really have one.
I won this in a Goodreads Giveaway. Very good storyline and likeable characters. I enjoyed this book very much.
Fast-paced romance with a little magic thrown in for good measure. Not an intensely deep story, but still a fun read.
It was a good read, but it was short.
Good book. I remember the tsunami. So many people were lost. This was a quick read. I enjoyed all of the characters.
A very thorough explanation of ketogenic diet suitable for beginners as it gave a detailed background of ketogenics diets. I do understand that it takes discipline. With the food products listed here and the tips to achieve ketosis, I feel more guided as I go through this diet program. Overall this book has really nice suggestions.
Amazing keto bread cookbook. This is ideal for Keto Bread.Easy to comprehend this book. In this book, I found detailed information about Keto bread. This book have many recipes easy and tasty. The recipes, tricks, and tips you'll find here will help you prepare a healthy variety of bread that will make your mouth water.
Hannah make an appealing main character, uncertain of her place in life, abandoned within the grief of her family, and followed by her own guilt. We see her emerge from the year of magical thinking ready to deal with all the "what's next"of her life.
I'm really enjoying this series. It has great characters with a familiar feeling yet a story of its own. The addition of Millicent and her storyline is one of my favorites.
This is a great start to a new series. Cat Johnson has written a compelling tale of a retired seal and his ex- wife getting their second chance.
It shows how she has come as a writer. I read her first book (both original and revised). So she is getting better.
It took me a while to get to read this but I'm glad I did. Being brave to live, to love and to breathe.
I was given a free copy of this book by the author in exchange for an honest review. I liked Time for Honesty, even if it is a bit slow. It's got interesting characters and a good story. It's on the sweet side of romance so don't expect a lot of heat but it's a nice read.
The first book of the series was pretty good. Two main characters, Ella and her brother Miro. A war initiated by the Religious leader in the hopes of bringing a new world order. Some action, some romance some intrigue. On the second book now.
Keira, a journalist for a travel magazine, is tasked with writing an aloof, sarcastic article about a Love Festival in Ireland, but is that really fair to the spirit of the festival?
Plot and characters were well done. I think the writing of the novel would have been better if the author would have used a few less adjectives.
3.5 stars Blind Attraction (Reckless Beat Book 1) by Eden Summers is a steamy, contemporary, rockstar romance. It's a light, quick, super fun read with likeable characters. Alana has lived a sheltered life on a women's only retreat with her mother who had been a victim of sexual assault. She was taught to fear and mistrust men. Feeling stifled by this lifestyle, Alana wants to break free and experience more of what the world has to offer. She takes a trip to visit her best friend, Kate, who takes her to a Reckless Beat concert. Mitchell, lead guitarist for Reckless Beat, notices Alana in the crowd and is instantly drawn to her. She gets injured, temporarily losing her sight, the collateral damage of an assault meant for Mitch. He feels responsible, so he takes care of Alana, making the most of the opportunity to get close to her. They quickly fall into bed and love with each other. Even though certain things were completely unbelievable, for the most part, I didn't care. It was a page-turner, and I honestly couldn't get enough. Were there inconsistencies with the characters? Yes, definitely. ***SPOILER AHEAD*** For someone so innocent and fearful of men, Alana's behavior with Mitch did not really match up. She was really quick to jump into a sexual relationship with him. Also, it was repeatedly stated that Mitch was drawn to Alana's innocence and the fact that she was not a groupie. But then he treats her like a groupie by having sex with her right in front Blake while he watches and jerks off next to them in bed. This scene definitely seemed out of character for Alana, but it also seemed out of character for Mitch in light of how he saw her. I really enjoyed this story. I loved the fun banter between all the different band members. Some unresolved family issues for Alana could have been explored more in depth but didn't feel like a cliffhanger even though questions remained unanswered. Overall, this was sexy, sweet, steamy and super fun to read.
This story of power and greed still rings true to this day. I will definitely read more of Orwell's work.
Some spoilers.....I really loved the story line, but struggled to like the main female character, Amelia. Throughout the book Amelia continued to be stubborn, and resist Aiden, which I found annoying. She was almost too hard to get and the author never wrote about their mating- nothing, nota, which was totally disappointing. I wanted to see Amelia finally give in to her feelings with an intimate scene. Although she finally admitted to loving Aiden, she continued to make rash decisions. I just never fell in love with her as a character, and was annoyed by her.
A great read and very detailed.
This was a good story, just a little slow. Liked Ms B. Would liked if we got more into her and the ex. Love to read about that conflict instead of it being glossed over. Love Trent and Lily. The story might be a little too sweet and everything in place.
This was an extraordinary book on the Dark Psychology Secrets - The Art of Manipulation. Amazing inside. Very good information and most useful for all. Everyone following this info. I really enjoyed this book and found it absolutely educational.
Book two in the Forgotten files series still has my attention. Different main characters, with "guest appearances" by former book characters work well together. Ms. Burton has not qualms showing the " dark" side that can creep into an undercover officers lifestyle. She has a healthy respect for the BLUE...I DO TOO!
Overall, I really liked the story, and thought it was great for a first book. The plot kept my interest, however, the book was in need of a good going over by an editor as there were a lot of typos. Hopefully, that will get fixed, and not be that way in the second book. If it wasn't for that, I would have given it 5 stars. I'm looking forward to reading the next installment
Great book!!! It kept me in suspense throughout.
I am happy to buy this book. The writer well clarification and ingenious data share in this book. I discovered this book bunches of instruments and how it use. I supposes this is a best reasonable manual for Wicca.
One of the best books I have read. Along with this read The Sisters of St. Croix.
This is the better of the 3 novels. Probably because I like the main character so much. The book is interesting & well written. I like the characters. Looking forward to more.
A great start, I was very interested I'm the characters and this book held my interest through out, but I was a bit disappointed in the ending.
The characters were realistic; the plot was convoluted good; the novel was well written and, in my view, a great success.
Enjoyable short stories. Good story lines, characters are well written. Can`t wait to see if there is more to these stories.
This book is an informative book on Ketogenic Diet Cookbook. There are perfect healthy recipe which are easy to make and delicious as well. You can make these if you read this book. These meals are made with everyday ingredients, mostly easy to cook and yet healthy and ketogenic!
Excellent book! I love history and I appreciate that the author used a real family history to base this novel on. The author was able to document the hardships they and other immigrants endured. Let us not repeat this history!
Like it love it when everyone is in the story
The Zero Commandment is a detective book set in the pre-WWII era. It is a time in America when hatred against Jews is at its peak and people are affected even in this neutral country by being attacked or murdered. The hero Charlie Singer is an effective detective who could dig into things even without the help of modern technology and assets. He uses his wit, intelligence, good intention and instinct to perceive danger and help people and himself. This is the way he rescues Hannah and through her gets into solving a mystery which even police had given up. The book has humor, drama, romance and intrigue. Author Lawrence J. Epstein has done his homework well and he describes the events and occurrences of the time in a realistic and believable manner. Looking into negative things- the fact that I would like to raise is that the author worked on making his hero a little too positive and white. I would have liked if the protagonist had some grey shades too. For example he is always into helping people and making them feel at ease. He is not money minded and is ready to pay people extra even though there is no viable source of income. Other than that one fault the book was interesting and engaging and a good read.
I usual Macomber fashion this story has characters that you would like for friends. Their problems point to usual human need in us all.
Few errors good story line
A must read for fans of the series as Shirleen gets her happily ever after and we get to see the gang in action. This is a very inside, gift to the fans kind of book but it does a good job looking at redemption and there is a hard look at what makes marriages fail as well as the linger impact of an abusive relationship. I enjoyed all the characters and the phone dates. A nice close to the series.
Not McCullough's best, but an interesting read.
Another excellent book with a continuing plot that holds your interest and is historically accurate. If you enjoy stories about the life and times of the Mountain Men and Native American people that is historically accurate then this series is a excellent choice. I have thoroughly enjoyed reading every book in this series and highly recommend reading these books!
Pleasant and interesting people. An adorable dog. A well-crafted mystery. I've enjoyed books one through three in this charming series.
Great book. I'm not really into horror so much and was not expecting that. But I actually did like it, and it was hard to put down.
It was a fun read. Good beginning to the series. Like the characters good blood interesting ending. It has a nice hook for the next book. Hopefully the series will continue Juan.
Enjoyed the characters. Hate to be left hanging for the next book. But still enjoyed the story development so far.
Love the Spenser series and thrilled that Atkins has been able to continue it in a style so close to Parker 's. However Hawk has all but disappeared from the series with simply an occasional mention that he is out of the country. Is Atkins afraid or unable to write him well? I really miss Hawk and the flavor and fun he adds. Please bring him back.
Enjoyed the entertaining banter, was glad to see that the one character bucked up and stopped being a doormat, though. I liked the book enough to look for another by this author since this was first of hers I have seen.
Good development of Jessie's character as she begins her real journey. Here are nine more words so I can submit this
Nothing heavy or serious here. Just a good read for lovers of pets and fun loving, problem solving senior citizens.
I loved the characters and the pace. The only thing I have to say in the negative is that the character Alex is just TOO lucky for reality... I would rather he would sometimes figure things out ahead of time instead of having luck be his best option.
Great collection of short stories for when you want a quick read. I found them to be more dark comedy than scary, but very enjoyable.
Helpful guide on making money online, the book is covering different topics on how to make money online, I like this guide.
Killing bugs, sounds good. All the blue buggers need to die like the vermin they are... Good start to the series with a good action level. I am interested in what happens to Dr Hoffman's crew on that mission. Thanks.
How far would you go for revenge? Lindsay has waited four long years to get her revenge after she was gang raped and left for dead and the worst part is that her brother Drew watched it all happen and did nothing. It is time for payback but she has to pretend to be the model daughter just alittle longer but the biggest shock is that Drew works for her father. What the hell happened since where were they so close? Why does she still feel anything for him after what happened? The more Lindsay learns about what happened after the attack makes no sense how could her parents that it was okay for those monsters to walk away free? She has to play the game right but someone else wants to play as well but they don't realize that she will stop at nothing to end the game. Can Drew get through to her in time or will he be unable to do anything again? What a ride of a story.
This is the first book dealing in Anarchy. Interesting new characters and a suspenseful plot. As every Perry novel a good read.
I'm not a huge fan of LitRPG or similar game inspired books, but I have to admit that the author does a great job on this series. i can't wait to read the next volume and I hope it will come out soon.
Its a great book for weight watching. learning recipes provided. Author give full stuff for that. Recommended.
This was an entertaining novel. Loves the characters and the story line.
I picked this story up not realizing it was the second story/ Different characters during a different story. So by the time I figured that out the other story could not be purchased. It was good stand alone but it did not feel complete witch I'm sure would tie in better to the first story.
I like the shortness and the surprise ending, Little redeeming value however.
Its a great effective book about air fryer cooking. Learning recipes provided. A great effective book. Learning stuff. Recommended.
This is valuable research for those of us who see our dogs as family members . I want to see more of it.
A tale of intrigue, romance, and love, with plenty of twists and turns to keep you reading till the end!
I do not like to to be forced to write reviews in order to get out of a book on my tablet.
Well written story. Liked all the main characters. Couldn't put it down.
The way it ended you would think there would be a sequel,book is a good read...Was hoping everything ended well..
Welcome to Faery, a world where so many things can be and are possible. Created by As m we Lia Hutchins who writes strong female's and the men who worship them.
A DEA agent hiding from a kingpin set on killing him falls for a prosecutor. What could go wrong... ? Book contains quite a few graphic sex scenes, so if you're not into that kind of descriptive this may not be a story for you. The actions scenes are pretty good as well.
This book is amazing. It gives you all the feels, good and bad. Tyler and Alex are my hero's. A must read.
Nathaniel is the second in the elemental dragon series. He lost the woman he loved decades ago and to the same enemies who now threaten him and his family. Sarah runs the local museum in her ancestral home and is fascinated by her own personal family history. When she meets Nathaniel she thinks he is a descendant of her ancestor Maria's love. They must work their way through the issues that the past raises while fighting the present-day threat. These characters are written in a manner that engages the reader. The plot has enough twists to keep the reader guessing and the action moves they story to its (for now) conclusion.
Riveting tale of small sheriff's department in Texas border county. Intertwine gritty law enforcement with great character development. Some characters remained one dimensional, but, the key characters are well developed. Complicated story that is developed carefully and gets better as the story progresses. Good page Turner. Highly recommended to readers who enjoy a good western tale.
This was so wrong and so hot. It ended way too soon. Sequel immediately!
It's fun to learn about others' traditions and things that have happened in the past. I think we all need to simplify. This also includes some Amish recipes.
I often start and abandon books midway through the second chapter, but Winter Loon held my interest and attention throughout. The characters were well developed, and Bernhard paced the storyline beautifully.
This is total escapism woven into a great adventure story! The tale begins in modern time, then through a twist of fate the heroine finds herself in the 17th century being carried off by pirates. This is a fast paced adventure that will keep you turning the pages to find out if our heroine returns to her own time period, or will she stay in the past with her newfound love.
Most of the stuff you should be able to google and find out and the guide admits that before it even gets started. But if you want a handy guide with all the stuff in one place when you need it, then this book is for you.
Really good original story. Gave it a four because who would go swimming when enemies are everywhere.
I enjoyed reading this book; it was an easy read and informative. I did already know some of the tips she gave since I've been in the work force for almost 12 years. However, I did learn a few new things which I will be going back into when I start the processing of looking for a new job. There are a lot of links in the book which I didn't get a chance to look at but definitely will when that time comes. This book is great for those who are just starting their job search. Very informative and useful tips!
Despite a few spelling errors,this was a charming love story. The nosy neighbor was deliciously evil. The magic was fun and, sometimes, amusing.
I enjoyed reading this as much as the Cole books I read and the only criticism I have is that it should be gone over for the few misused words I found. The only one I can think of at the moment is undo for undue but there were a few others as well as incorrect articles. Nothing major but Maxwell is too good an author to let them go by.
The price was right. I was ready to waste some time. It was a coming of age story. Not wildly great, but entertaining. I didn't quit it, so it was a pleasant read.
This is a fantastic cookbook, full of interesting yet easy wholesome recipes for your Instant Pot. So far I have made the tomato and spinach frittata, pumpkin breakfast pudding, cheesy potato soup, and jambalaya. The instructions are clear and concise, and the results are delicious.
would recommend this book it wasn't what I expected, it had some surprises here and there to keep you interested.
While having a baby is undeniably a joyous occasion, there are a million things that need to be taken care of before the big day, making the difficulties inherent in choosing a new baby name even more troublesome to manage. The following chapters of this book will discuss everything we need to keep in mind when it comes to choosing the right baby name.
Like the story line and a easy read.
The application of real science to the story. The inconsistency of the Ollie character when initially introduced to Mia in Brazil.
This book kept me reading. No best seller but it held my interest. All these thrillers are far fetched but entertaining.
Great nook. Need to up the storyline
I found the world that was created a very interesting place. Also the main characters where we'll filled out and believable.
After reading this book I understood that it takes a great effort and a mind blowing mind set up to start up business in cryptocurrency. This is a complete direction to set up business. Every one should have read this book.
Great storyline, great tension, great prose. It just needed few more sex scenes, although what it had was good enough generally...
This is an amazing book on cryptocurrency for new investor's. This book was an enjoyable and light read and deepened my understanding of cryptocurrency. This book contains a wealth of information about cryptocurrencies in general as well as some in specific. The author covered some investment strategies along with the pros and cons of various investment strategies on this book.
Easy read, fast paced and educational. Robie and Reel make a great team. A great example of why we as Americans are so lucky to live in a great country that is protected by brave men and women.
I laughed out loud again over the continued exploits of Rachel Cooper. She discovers some things about herself in this part of the story. Ann, Lynn, Lee, and the other characters from Collapsible are back, along with a few new ones. And there's Shakespeare! Much Ado About Nothing! which so describes Rachel's life. I'm waiting impatiently for part 3 now.
This was an excellent book, with very likable characters and an interesting heartwarming story... and thoroughly enjoyable right up until it ended and I was shocked there was no satisfying ending. I do not like investing my time and emotions into a novel to have it abruptly end without any resolution. The first 99% was outstanding. I can only pray that a second book is coming!
Held my interest nothing I didn't like
Good story. Very "Jack Reacher" like. Enjoyed it very much.
If you are looking to learn how to use and get the most out of your new Amazon Fire HD 8 with Alexa, then this book is definitely a must read! This book helped me in exploring my fire Amazon Fire HD 8 with Alexa. Would recommend to all new users.
Very entertaining, very funny. I found myself constantly googling images to go along with his adventures. I would definitely recommend it!
I have this book relatively recently, and I'm only at the beginning of the 30-day marathon, but I'm very curious if I can go through this marathon to the end. In this cookbook are written really delicious recipes, to which no one can remain indifferent. To maintain good health, it is necessary to cultivate a culture of proper nutrition. This book will definitely help you in this matter!
A perfect book to learn about stock market trading tips and techniques, I found that the book is well written and a step by step guide so it is easy to understand. If you want to do stock market investment then you should follow this book.
The mark of a good book is if it catches one's interest from the beginning, and if it is a book you must very quickly get to the final pages because of the excitement it generates. This book did that for me. I also want to read more from this author, and he is on my favorites list.
Inventive and funny with better "thought conversations" from the dog than many others I've read. Better grammar, structure and syntax than a LOT of other ebooks. This story has forward motion that keeps the reader very interested! Looking forward to others in this series and more from this fine author.
From the first chapter, I was hooked. I love stories that twist, turn, and keep the reader in the dark. This one did it.
I love the Banshee Creek Series. I've read them all and they are more a romance series, but if you read the next series Main Street Witches they all piece together. I enjoy how all the characters intertwine from book to book. *****SPOILER ALERT***** At last, Zach Franco gets his just desserts.
The book additionally demonstrates how this sort of eating regimen functions. It talks about the advantages that this eating regimen could give. Furthermore, it gives a well ordered guide how to do it viably. It likewise gives formulas that are anything but difficult to get ready and exceptionally tasty. I would prescribe this book.
I did it and it was really fun and it fun and fun but thanks again bye for the heck yeah it's a great game to be fun and stuff like this
I loved all 3 books. The authors really know how to keep you interested and unable to put the books down.
The 5th installment in the Slough House series continues to impress. These are deceptively good novels hiding as simple spy fiction. Characters own their voices and like them, dislike them they stand as strong players in the dark world they are exiled from. They may be Slow Horses but they aren't nags due for the glue works. Look forward to the next installment. Soon please.
Book Two was better edited, though I'm a little surprised at some of the persistent grammatical errors, especially the misuse of adverbs. Still, the characters are interesting and the plot is intriguing.
This story follows his other books. At times I thought I had already read the same story. It seems Clive is running out of new ideas for his novels.
This is really not my kind of story, however, I think it was probably as well done as a story about two men and one woman could be. I think there were some things left hanging that could have been better worked out but it was a pretty good attempt at writing a good story.
I listened to the Audiobook of this and the narrators were both very good. I really liked the story line even if at times what was happening seemed a bit unrealistic. However, this is just a story meant for entertainment purposes so that's okay with me. I liked the relationship between Luca and Ariana; they are both very strong characters and are super sexy, hot and steamy. Ariana does not take any crap from anyone including Luca. I admire that about her. Luca is gobsmacked by Ariana from the moment he meets her and that is definitely not something he is used to at all. I loved watching him fall. She is also a damn good attorney, especially for one so new and that turns out to be the best thing ever for Luca. Love the ending and the epilogue!
Good book and advice for first time user of Alexa. But ultimately nothing you couldn't find on a google search.
Interesting characters. Paced well. Looking forward to the next book.
Interesting characters. Good storyline.
Full of twists and turns. Kept me guessing to the very end. Likeable characters and a unique twists included. Worth reading.
This book was a little difficult for me. It was so entirely foreign to anything I've ever experienced as a way of life that I had trouble relating. It was certainly an eye-opener and made me realize how fortunate I was to have two loving parents. I think, for those very reasons, I needed to read it, even if it made me uncomfortable,. But if you've had any type of abuse in your childhood, it makes sense that you would really find comfort and understanding here. I gave it four stars because it was well written and, I think, a very important book. Well done, Mary Carr.
I enjoyed this book great blend of romance and adventure. I liked how it talked of how sometimes people need space but how compassion and love are needed more.
Incredible Book!! This is an extraordinary book on square chain innovation. This book gives finish clearness on the working of Ethereum and furthermore features the probability of the speculation. The diverse employments of Ethereum and the upheaval it has made in the square chain advancements are plainly elucidated.I like it and suggest it.
Great book, worth buying it.
So far so good 😊 this writer is new to me but I'd be willing to read more of their work. I really can't say more than that as I'd end up giving you the cliff notes version of the book!!
A little wondering at first, but then it all came together. Still a few loose ends that I would have liked to see cleared up. However, a good read.
If you want to lose weight very soon then you can follow this Ketogenic Instant Pot Cookbook guide. It is really helpful for all. So, what's the deal with whole foods? With so many health issues pestering us nowadays, more and more people have embraced healthy living.
This fabulous book is about DASH Diet Meal Plan teaching you the best way to gradually make a diet change for a successful lifestyle change for the better.I hope you will be very benefits after getting this book.
This emotional intelligence book is really have great knowledge with step by step detail .I read this book completely and really learn amazing tips .This book is good .
After reading through the recipes and even trying a few, I'm still not sure if I'm ready to commit to a keto diet. It's a lot of work with tracking and such, but a lot of the recipes were really yummy.
Easy to read overview of how to sell your art with good readily implemented advice. I recommend it. Take action on its advice or its a waste of your time.
Much to my surprise I went through the book to find a good crock recipe to make and the one that looked great to me was the chicken and sausage.
This book offers latest recipes that will surprise you for the year 2019. very easy to make and delicious dishes.
Good and I have a feeling it will be a series and get better. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because our hero turned down eternal youth and a beautiful goddess lover. I know this is fantasy but come on. It doesn't spoil the story so no spoiler alert.
Cass just reminds us that we can do it, lol. Helpful tips and I love her personal stories with pictures. 😀
This was so sweet (literally and figuratively). Ariel went with her sister to get a tattoo (to make sure she went through with it), and Maddox took one look at her and had to have her. He inked her, made her his, and fell instantly. Loved it!
Loved that the book was based on religious beliefs while at the same time touched so close to every day issues that we all deal with.
Ash and Emma went to high school together but were in different circles, Ash was you typical jock and Em was the shy quiet girl that nobody saw! Fast forward years down the road and Ash is a single dad to the cutest and funniest 5 year old and his ex-wife isn't in their lives while Em is working st the local diner trying to figure out what she wants to do in life . Em has had a crush on Ash since high school and one morning he leaves his number on the table as he and Sydney are leaving... let's jist say the rest is a sweet little journey that you don't want to miss!!!!
This book contains some delicious recipes which i had liked most to cook and eat.But exactly not as i expected.but the formula choice is awesome.I already had a slow cooker so I was very happy to find this book. This book is perfect for those who wants to replace their meal to a more healthy one and for those who wants to know more information about this topic this book will be very handy for you guys. This book is very well written by the author and i highly recommend this book to all of you guys.
This was just a fun book to read! I give it a B-.
It is a very easy read, and I love the characters! I am definitely going to read the other books in the series!
Good book, quick read and my first time reading this author. This author has a different style of writing and it was fun. I look forward to another one of his books. Interesting subject of drama and suspense of the Art World.
With the knowledge I acquired from this book, I am now well-equipped to start the journey to minimalism. There are a lot of the most important things that you can add value to your life.
Three young friends are thrown together after the death of a friend who was hanging from a tree.
It was cute. I had a few giggles.
I just love her writing style. This book was a quick, cute steamy friends to lovers story.
This was a well-written romance with plenty of heat. Van Turner is a consummate loner with zero social skills. He has his reasons and has kept them hidden for most of his life. As a member of the Cold Fury hockey team, hockey and the woman who raised him, are really the only two things he cares about. When his roommate's sister, Simone, drops out of college and comes to crash on their couch, his life starts to take an altered course that Van is not convinced is actually for the better. Simone might think otherwise. Simone's character is refreshingly bold and sexually confident. She pursue's her man with the driven passion and obsession usually reserved for male protagonists. Slowly but surely she chips away at Van's carefully constructed protective walls. There is a lot of sex and some kink in this highly enjoyable steamy romance.
Short, sweet and unique love story. I wanted to shake the h a few time, but the H was absolutely lovely and the h redeemed herself in the end. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this story.
This story of two different families and the burdens they faced was a emotional one. There were times when I stopped reading and just thought about what was going on in the story. Thought provoking and a good read.
Back on the Gansett Island again. The story was lovely. With relevant issues such as 9/11 and dementia this book was heartfelt and intense at times. Loved the characters.
When is the next book in the series. I love and laugh Annabel's books.
This book must have been written by an expert author. Investing in real estate is a great book. The tips of this book for real estate investment are very important and useful guides. This book must have been written by an expert author. I read some parts of this book and got a fair idea of ​​the investments. Thanks to the author for creating a new book for us!
A realistic look at people and communities when we make irrational decisions and isolate our need for power. A great read.
This book and learning about Chakras was totally fascinating for me. It is like taking yoga to a totally different level. It is simple and direct with only a few pages to detail the Chakras framework. I have benefited greatly from organizing perception and self-awareness based upon these centers of power. I highly recommend this book especially to those who are beginners like me.
This paleo book is fill with several enjoyable recipes.
Patience and perseverance hold on as you stumble thru this read. Stick with it and your answers will be found... after all is read you will have your answers and the satisfaction of finishing a good book....
Enjoying the series so far ending was off
You can take the people out of Hill House, if it will let them leave. A classic story of a haunted house, a different take than I have read before. I truly wish the house itself was a non-fiction place... So I might visit and wander its expanse. P.S. The series on Netflix by the same name has a few slight similarities to the book, but modernized, is one of my all time favorite series! Highly recommend.
I like the characters. I like the story and in general it's a fun read that reminded me of the A Team as I was cheering for them to win and I laughed out loud at the end.
This is a nice break from the science fiction I've been reading lately and it's original and different from the fantasy that I read. Short quick stories that capture your attention.
Good One, but not his best. Make it a great one Stone wins the day with Lances help Happy reading
I loved this book. Quite subtle in the beginning and powerful in the end. Can't wait to see what the last has to complete.
I thought this book was well written and a quick read. I recommend it to readers of sexy romance novels.
This book provide a lots of information about blockchain. In this book you will learn how bitcoin and blockchain changing the economic world so quickly. The author of this book effort highly reflected in every portion of this tropic. I found this book very important and i will suggest this book to all my friend and family member.
Being from the same generation as the father, I continued reading the book in recognition of the same values instilled in me by my parents . It is an accurate description of that generation as well as an accurate description of shortcomings of the next generation. Good life advice for all.
This is a delightful read. Robertson lulls you into her well developed characters. Readers of all ages can identify with some traits of Addison who appears so uptight. Bryce is a fun owing guy who appears initially to be so shallow but turns out to be a pretty deep thinker. What starts looking as a relationship of opposites but reveals they have lots more in common as they get to know each other.
Wow! For emotional whiplash with these two. Kane was the epitome of a broody alpha and damn I loved every minute of it. Watching these two push and pull trying to find their way to their HEA was frustrating and sweet and so fun!
An interesting book, with a provocative viewpoint of the South and the Civil War. (not a region nor a time period I know much about)
Do your research. Each state is different and has ir own laws on this subject. This book is kind of like a basic walk-through, if you will. It's actually good for the price.
Cookbook was extremely helpful. The cooking instructions were easy to follow. The recipes that described in this cookbook were great quality. I highly recommend purchasing this.
If you like using lots of prepared ingredients ( like packets of taco seasoning) , this could be a good book for you. Nothing very original here. Only recommended for beginning cooks or people who don't want to or can't take time to cook.
Right from the start, we are thrown into the action and drama surrounding Ryder and what leads him to the ER. That is where he meets Tiffany and things heat up fast. The camaraderie between Tiffany and Ryder kept me glued to this book and the passion between these two had me fanning my self. He is very bossy but she sure knows how to put him in his place. There is definitely more behind Tiffany's past and I can't wait to read more about it.
How can you go wrong for under $2
I liked it but I wish he would talk more about Julie. How they met..how long they were together..why they kept breaking up and how long was it till he found out she had passed and from what and how it affected him. He talks about her in both books but just littles did bits of her.
Very interesting read. Hard to believe the abuse that was normal to the workers. The story line could have been much more detailed if allowed. Her book. Found grammatical errors and possibly typos. However it could be her style of writing and ethnicity. Easy read. Would recommend to those interested in mental health and comparisons to current institutions.
Happily ever after, or did they? I enjoyed this story as well as the others in the series. I especially liked the research pages after the end of the story. As a librarian, I often wonder just how much the author is stretching their historical facts. Very interesting and a respectable amount of research done. I applaud Miss Chase. One last thing... what about Clara?
This four star rating is a composite score and I'm not judging based on my normal parameters. I rated the snippets individually, then averaged them out. This is a nice collection of various authors, but just the hot scenes. Although I love this genre of books, I need a plot, world building and I need to know the characters personalities. It was like walking in on the middle of a movie and getting hit with all the questions all at one time. This book was not for me, I need the build up, the foundation. Though most of the scenes are well written, some were way too verbose and filled with boring details, and I admit that I skimmed through a few. Overall, the scenes were hot, I just need more.
I am totally enjoying this series, seeing how the different watchers meet their spirit mates as well as the interactions with their family members.
Hot, but omg was she annoying and constantly jumping to the worst conclusions and crying all the time
Very well written, and informative to boot. My kind of reading.
written in first person, because it was about the most successful boat in the first days of the war.
Very satisfied with my purchase, everything is explained in a clear way and I can say that this book has thought me a lot about Drinking Water Guide...
We have high functioning autism in our family and have experienced only a tenth of the troubles of this family. The parents of these twins are my heroes. An understanding of the cause must be found soon.
An enjoyable read about a fascinating woman. Subjecting herself to being an inmate in an insane asylum was way beyond anything most people today can even fathom. That experience, however, was what made it possible for her to break into the all-male realm of being a newspaper journalist. Well worth reading.
I really like this books. Some parts I could predict, others not so much. I would certainly wait for the next book, I want to know what comes next.
Bigotry, especially, as pertaining to BDSM is looked at from a legal perspective. Racism, homophobia and anti kink may dictate how the police and DA's office deal what is / isn't the truth of guilt or innocence. Oh and throw in romance and hot sex makes for a good read.
Excellent ending to the series! I liked every book and every character, but this one might be my favorite. DB's good writing, great characters and satisfying story made this a lot of fun to read.
This seems to have been written after some of the books. As a prequel it answers some questions.. Further, it describes key species and how they met. Beneficial reading, I assume. On to book 1.
Easy reading. Well written with a simple well develop plot. It's ending is a surprise. Easy to read by all ages
When I was reading this book it was kind of warm but after reading the book I had to go and take a cold shower
Camping remains one of those activities that no one should partake for first time blindly. For the most part, this book nicely guides beginners along the path to camping. No one remembers everything so I will keep this book on hand as not only a checklist but a good reference.
This is a brand new book about SEO and I successfully complete reading this book. This was very easy to read and learning. Every topics is discussed by marked pictures so there no chance to fall in confusion. From my personal opinion I like this book so much and I will use it when I need to do SEO. Overall I'm satisfied.
It's Mercedes Lackey. What else is there to say?
The story is a familiar one but the setting of witches making wine novel and entertaining. The book could have been longer, to allow more time to get to know the characters. I enjoyed it, and I think many women pushing thirty would.
This is a nice whimsical mystery that moves right along whether you're ready or not and the author has put together a powerful group of characters that are realistic but at the same time not .
This was a good read and for those that the Pam of Babylon series is too much drama and excitement, this would be just right. There's enough excitement to keep you entertained and with a love story in the mix.
A lovely story of the life of a mail order bride who comes from the highest levels of high society and refused to"do as expected" and settle down to raise heirs. Montana is a wide open state that has an opportunity to live life on her terms. Will she be able to meet in the middle with a man she hardly knows and give stability to his two children who have lost their mother?
I was surprised at the biblical knowledge she has. It was a pleasant read. Learning to live a Christian life can be difficult. I think Candice clears some of that up.
Another adventure in time travel through the Knight family cuz Caleb & Jeannie. Strong characters in a very strong storyline. I wish there had been a little more of an epilogue rather than it just kind of ending there but it was nice to have all the family there with them in this story as well. Minor editing errors kept popping up as well. Book 4?
Gave me some good ideas on improving my health. Don't know if I can follow it to the letter because of health problems.
This is a great read and will keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish!
This is a good read and it made me want to continue the series. I was afraid after book 3, book 4 might be my last. However, my internet has been piqued and I'm ready for 5.
Love this product great paranormal suspense book with amazing depth. Love the characters, the storyline highs and lows how it always keeps you wanting to know what's coming next! I would've given a full five stars if had been a series book that that went on to tell the story of other characters in more books as I want to know them however what I did get was an unexpected gripping can't be put down story!
The story capture my attention and the tempo of the story is well organized.
This isn't the type of book I would normally read. However, I have been trying to read through some of the classics. This was on my list and I was surprised that I enjoyed it. It may be a romance (not typically enjoyed by men) but it was very well written. I will happily read more of her books.
My only complaint is I feel it lacked some of the excitement that most of her books had. It was slightly predictable and “safe.” The author had several occurrences she could have put some “edge of your seat” excitement into but merely skimmed over them. All in all, it was a good storyline, had a sweet HEA and the steamy scenes were, well, steamy!
I am extremely happy to peruse this book. This book contains demonstrated advances and systems on the best way to get individuals to do precisely what you need them to manage without them notwithstanding figuring it out. its an extreme control handbook pressed with huge amounts of minimal known control systems, demonstrated mysteries of mind control and noteworthy procedures. I truly loved this guide and would prescribe it for the individuals who need such sort of data.
I think the author got really bored with this installment.... I know I certainly did. :(
I enjoyed them..Would have liked for them to be a little deeper..Reminded me of James Lee Burke in style..
I sunk into this book with abandon. Well written and compelling, I began reading and reading. The narrative distance of back story persisted long enough to wonder if there was no fore story. There was finally, and it made sense of almost everything. I'm still not sure about the end of chapter 9. Why couldn't he say he loved her ever again? Still a great start to what will be a series worth following.
One of the best audio books I have encountered.t unraveled to me the insides of the emotional skills. I definitely recommend it to anyone interested in understanding the human emotions.
In the event that you do don't have a great deal of time to spend in the kitchen and you jump at the chance to get ready lectin free sustenance this slow cooker cookbook may be only the assistance you require. In spite of the fact that not outlined this book is flawlessly composed and well ordered. Certainly prescribed
I really enjoyed the plot in this book. I wasn't sure what would happen but couldn't wait to going out. I think that Billy and Maxi were made for one another. I read it out of order and didn't feel like I was missing chunks. I'm now going to go back and read all the books.
I love many recipes in this book. Can't wait to try them. Be careful though, I think some of the recipes are NOT true keto! Maybe I'm wrong, but keep an eye on the carb content.
I agree with other reviewers who have evaluated it emphatically. My feedback is comparable. I will simply include that I began learning Python on Code Academy and now I am beginning to utilize this book. The book has more themes than I got on Code Academy. Despite the fact that the book is an extraordinary tenderfoot's book, having learnt Python on Code Academy I am ready to travel through the book quicker than I had anticipated. Best way to take in any information that is procured is to assemble something with it and making it a day by day custom. Cheerful Python'ing!
Really amazing cookbook..! This book will help you create not just healthy but definitely delicious that will suits your taste buds. This will also help you to lose weight and eliminate those unwanted fats in your body using a high- Fat- Plant Base keto recipes that you will love! I would recommend it to anyone!
All the character's in this book are so enjoyable,funny,laugh out loud,sexy men.Definately want to read every book.
This trilogy is well written and well-researched. I was actually surprised to find out that Martin is not of Polish descent. To be able to immerse himself like he did into a culture and history not his own is rather extraordinary. I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical fiction. Doubly so to those of us in the Polish diaspora. I'd actually rank it up there with Michener's "Poland" in scope, continuity of narrative, and evocation of the spirit of Freedom.
Got the product in the time frame as expected
The weight Watchers diet is new for me and I bought this book to get more information about this diet. By using this cookbook you will be able to eat and stay healthy, and get yourself into healthy weight loss in practically. The author gives us the information what smart points are, explains pros and cons of smart points, advantages and disadvantages and much more. This is nice book on Weight Watchers Instant Pot book. This is a best book to serve delicious food to your love ones thanks. I found this book very well written. This cookbook is full of delicious recipes and beautiful pictures to accompany the recipes.This book is worth the price. I really liked this one. She goes into much detail and explains a lot of the functions of your Instant Pot.
Some of this book seems to be unbelievable , as though Do as how's gotten confused and telling the story . But it doesn't really matter because what the story does is demonstrate the terrible conditions can occur in a totalitarian regime in town very good we have it in this country regardless of the infighting that occurs in our politics.
I absolutely love Miriam! Her thoughts and musing made me laugh aloud in the tram several times! I hope book 3 comes quick! :)
This is a great learning book for acquiring any skill. A great informative book. This is a useful book learning approach.
I really enjoyed this series and it's message. Overall the last two books could use a little bit of restructuring, and this book should hav been longer. I definitely recommend it as a urban fantasy that does not fit the mold and has a more optimistic vibe than the rest.
Very exciting and entertaining . I found the books active and thrilling and with many twists in plot line. Very good!!!
Allie is joining forces with the bad guys to help recover a missing girl. It is an exciting and fast paced book. A good easy read.
I am enjoying this Series the next one is Tyler I think and I cannot wait to get it. On to the next
I just finished reading this book today. I liked the Hitchcock feel to the book...very Rear Window-ish. I thought it was a little longer than it actually needed to be but overall it was good. Looking forward to the film adaptation.
This book is marvelous to peruse and I think this book is the best book of this theme and I truly value this book.
Fantastic book! N.T. Wright sets out to clarify how he thinks the first century Christians would have understood the meaning of the cross. In short, Christians are not just saved for death. They are saved for new life on earth today as well as a new life after death tomorrow. Good reminder to break away from ingrained systems of theology and to, instead, seek to understand the Bible, especially the Gospels, in context to inform one's thinking and theology.
A book of its time in America. A detailed list of meditations that were generally helpful in one's Christian life.
Maybe it is just that I like the way the author writes; that is not too pretentious. He managed to include fairly standard fantasy elements, but then in a different way. And most of the characters are just interesting. A very entertaining and good read.
I just started reading this book, but some of the text is missing on the right side of the window? I do not know how to adjust for this or if it will continue throughout the book. I think the information presented by Lee Albert is valuable and helpful in naturally dealing with pain.
Great character and a great story.
Good book full of magic and magical beings. The story is good and keeps you interested as well.
Documenting verbal histories help in verifying that the Holocaust happened. Jane Marks writes the histories & then adds psychological information to help explain why the survivors felt & why they have the feelings that they do.
I am very satisfied with this book. This is really an excellent book. This book gave me a lot of information. This book is awesome to read and I think this book is the best book of this topic. For those who want to explore medication and therapy for anxiety, this book will reveal the exact things you need to keep in mind before blazing that trail. Continuous worrying puts your body under immense pressure. Unfortunately, most people live their lives this way. And the worse part? They feel stuck in this pattern of thinking. Living this way means that your body is always revved up for action. Over time, it weakens and creates anxiety disorders. It has valuable content for all. I'm happy with this guidebook and reading step by step.
A convoluted journey to the last page and the final chapter left me wondering. Good character development, though not everyone , or maybe anyone, is what you may think. I look forward to more works by this author.
This is definitely different from many books I've read and for that I highly enjoyed it. It was difficult reading a book set in the past as that's not usually how the books I read are set but i feel it was necessary for the second book in the series. Definitely unique
I have heard a lot of testimonies from friends about this type of diet. The high retention rate with this diet plan is what's really interesting to me. I read through this book and I think I know why. Through this book, I came to realize that this type of diet does not have a lot of restriction but instead it gives you the freedom to choose what you eat as long as you monitor your points. It's really an interesting scheme, and you will learn everything you need to know through this book.
Parents can't communicate with their children make it hard for Randi and Jake to effectively communicate with one another till they learn to trust each other. Overall quality of writing is good, a few glitches in proofreading, no cheating or cliffhangers and they get a happily ever after. You'll enjoy!
Best programming book on Python.This is one of the most popular programming languages.If you love to learn more about python programming then this book is for you.Great book, easy to understand.
This story warmed my heart with interesting characters and a good example of love. If you are looking for a lovely story look no further.
I always appreciate when an author puts more in the story than just the romance. Jace's family and the rodeo make for interesting reading. Sydney seemed a bit self-absorbed, but I've never been in her shoes. Good and sweet overall!
This second book in the Assimilation series juggles a lot of plot lines but manages to keep them all moving forward in a compelling way and will keep you wanting more. Good read.
Very easy reading book, thrilling story.
A homerun for Christy Barrett. This series is addictive.
It is a nice invention book. There is essential information of the explanation hoe to invest, innovate and create so as to become financially free. Moreover this book has descriptive instructions how to turn your ideas into money. Just read this book and broaden your imagination.
One does not always like ones parents, but what can you do if they want you to marry someone you despise. Runaway.
Lot of suspense in this book, which I like very much. I did not give this a five star rating as I thought it was a bit disjointed at times. J.D. Robb fans may find this book a nail bitter, however I do not think this was her best effort.
If it looks too good to be true listen go your 6th sense. A tangled web of deception and lies
Great book write by the writer about credit repair . Good information in book about matter rule etc. So I recommended to all of my friends to read this book …
I kept falling asleep while reading this until about halfway through. It wasn't near as good, in my opinion, as his other books but was certainly suspenseful enough to keep you guessing. Brutal images, thriller, evil people made for a pretty scary story but it was a bit of a disappointment in the end if you ask me. Don't want to spoil it but unnecessary added twist in the very end that seemed like overkill, no pun intended.
Dev is a PI with the morals of an alley cat, and the unfortunate talent for being in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong female! His tendency to trust the wrong female has him in hot water with the local police on a very regular basis. His partner/legal representative is quite the character also. Very entertaining!
I read this over the course of two days at the beach. Predictable storyline but I still wanted to know how it got to the ending. I am looking forward to the next installment as I love a series of books.
This is a well written, easy to read mystery that holds your interest from the first page until the end. It is entertaining and never scary. Historical research is cleverly woven into the plot.
What a Sexy, fun, and suspenseful read! Loved it! Would definitely recommend this book to others! Anxious to read the next in the series now!
An excellent book. Ideal solution if you want to pass the exam successfully. Because in this book there are all the main sections. The structure is simple and straightforward. each section is logical and goes one after another. This book is the perfect tool for getting high scores. It was very well written and easy to get to grips with, I am so happy that this was recommended to me. Would highly recommend this book!
This was the first novel I have read by Rinehart, and though I read only a few mysteries a year, she is an author that I will return to.
This book is the 2nd installment in the King's Dark Tidings series. In contrast to the first book, this is a bit more slow-paced. This approach was taken in order to give the reader greater insight about the characters and the world they inhabit. This is beneficial to the story as it gives the characters purpose and really puts things in perspective. My qualms with this book are really derived from the lack of intricate twists and turns that are usually prevalent within this genre. Maybe it is because I am well read, but I don't enjoy the prospect of always being several steps ahead. I look forward to those shocking moments, like the Red Wedding in GoT or the Betrayal in the Inheritance series. Overall, this is positive installment in an enticing series. I wish there were more twists, but there is still another book left! Still excited to see how this adventure concludes!
Tea and Murder...I love the title. This is a good series with interesting characters, especially Karis! It held my interest and I love the idea of the psychic cafe. This is a fun to read, mystery series. The books aren't real long but well written and the plot is well developed. Try book 1 and you'll be hooked.
A Fast-paced easy to read book. Perfect for a beach holiday.
Like the content, sometimes the chapters are getting skipped on the app, but you can replay it.
The Sighting was enjoyable to read. It was more suspenseful than horror. I found it to be a quick read and enjoyable to the end. I already signed up for the next book.
It is very informative and I loved the recipes.I have enjoyed using this book and the recipes.All recipes are very detailed, easy to follow and helpful. I would recommend this book for those who are interested in Keto Diet and want to be healthy and fit.
This crime occurred in my hometown and I've always been intrigued by the story. Lots of court room stuff, but so intetesting!
Story was very interesting. Good continuity. Good idea combining the Fargo,s and Isaac Bell. Really enjoyed the book. Do it more often.
Interesting read about the time after a horrible plague is let loose. The scientist who designed it is imprisoned and is interviewed by his defense team. He lets out the thought that he has also designed another worse plague.
Enjoyed the detectives. Plot less compelling. Ready for 2nd of the series
I liked this story because the hero is very strong. The heroine is a senator's wife, who plays along with his evil ass because she likes the money and security, but she hates her husband. She loves the gladiator, but she is mean to him until she gets her priorities straight. Finally she knows she loves him and starts to be nice to the servants and runs away with the gladiator. Good story.
A enjoyable, engaging read. Quinn is an interesting protagonist, and the family dynamic is spot on. The case was complicated enough to stand up to conjecture, without being outlandish or contrived.
Love Dallas and Roarke ! I love the death series of books in fact on my second time read through and pre ordered the newest one.
Recommend for people that don't like to settle. A get out into the world and make a difference, book. Enjoyed.
These were very quick easy books to read not very complex and helped you to pass the time. Kind of like short stories
Recommend this one. Suspenseful all the way through. Not so many characters to keep up with. The killer was a surprise. Good job!
Although an apparent template fantasy coming of age story, there is definitely more going on here than is immediately seen. The characters are interesting and deepen in each book, and the story gets more interesting the longer you read it as well. Recommended.
Battles rage on many fronts and Lucas is right in the middle of it! Each of these books builds on the previous one.
Was very chilling for black women of that time. In 2018 injustice among minorities still exist. Sad to say not much has changed. Instead of whips and chains we have prisons and police brutality.
I really liked this book and could have enjoyed a few more chapters. I didn't want to put the book down.
Really like it. Bring on the next one.
I completely enjoyed this novel. I couldn't wait to start reading The Bone Tree
The first 3 books were excellent; well written, characters well developed and credible, story believable. The 4th book was a disappointment; unrealistic, predictable, annoying to read. I was so turned off by the way the 4th story was written that I stopped reading it on more than one occasion. I actually forced myself to complete the book in the hope that it would improve as the story progressed.... no such luck.
This book started out slow with many seemingly unrelated characters. After a few chapters it got much better and soon I could not put it down.
It kept my interest all the way through. Quick and good read.
I liked how Seth came into the picture here. The way Crystal connected in some way to his past was great. How Owen seemed to connect to both realities was an interesting twist. Although, it helped tie some portions of this book together. I hope this continues in the next book of the series.
Quick read. Good story and character development. A little too much going on. The whole plague idea does wrap everything up nicely but the story just skims over it like a means to an end. Wasn't fully thought out. But I liked the characters and the love story. The ending is brisk.
This is a very original and engrossing short novel about a civil war veteran who is chosen to be the keeper of a Way Station for travelers through our Galaxy. Enoch, a Wisconsin farmer, has his home changed by the aliens to accommodate the inter-galactic travelers, and from the start of his new station-keeper job does not age as long as he in in his home. The plot is not wild or even terribly exciting, but is fascinating and holds the reader like any good page-turner. It was written back in 1963, and I was in high school then, already an avid reader but not reading science fiction yet. It didn't strike me as old-fashioned or out of date, although sleepy farm towns in rural Wisconsin were not usually the stuff of good novels in the 60's or even now. The ending was a bit of a surprise for me, and it even turned a bit preachy, but all the threads of the story were wrapped up and and left me satisfied. If you like fantasy/science fiction, give this a try. It's an oldie but a goodie!
Great read.The author keeps you entertained for hours. Difficult to put down. I recommend this book and others in the series
Very much enjoyed this latest addition to the rom-com line up. I had no problems connecting with Emma - a latent swan shifter, that despite giving in to parental pressure to enroll in criminal justice and law college classes , crammed in every dance elective she could could fit, and managed to excel in both Loved how she tricked her dad into letting her dance professionally without being able to complain about it. As to her love interest - a hunky FBI guy with a dancing hobby? Who could resist that? And if the way they were thrown together annoys you by appearing too staged: well, before the end we find out that it was indeed staged - which kind of takes the wind out of the sails of that possible complaint. I wouldn't have minded if the the investigation would have been a bit more complex and longer, but - novella, not book (which this totally could have been and kept my attention). There was only one thing that I kept waiting for that never materialized: not a single mention of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake ballet...
VERY DIFFICULT TO READ AS AN E-BOOK. Be warned -- I wish I'd bought the hard copy. The book is fascinating and wide-ranging, but the author always uses Arabic terms, which makes sense since many (most? all?) of them have no direct parallel in English. But there is no glossary, so if you don't happen to remember what an Arabic word refers to, many pages after its first appearance, you're stuck. The only alternative that I can think of is trying the Index -- but on Kindle that means making a note of where you are in the text, then going to the Index to find the term, and going back into the text to try to find the appearance of the term when it's first described. But since the Index of course refers to specific pages in the hard copy version, this will be only a vague indication for an e-reader. I can only wish that the author and publisher had included a glossary in the Kindle version. At this point (I'm about halfway through) I'm not really prepared to go back to the very beginning to compile my own glossary. So it's all very frustrating, particularly since the book itself is so interesting.
This book is considered one of Kong's classics for a reason. A little more low-key than some of his other popular works, with a smaller cast of characters, but a wonderfully dark tale nonetheless.
I liked the concept - action combined with political intrigue but I thought parts were over the top violent. I am a fan of (the late) Vince Flynn and David Baldacci and this was on a similar vein but extremely violent. If the author could crank back the graphic violence just a bit he could still tell the story
Another fun book by Ms. Frank!
I like reading about the Amish community. Love in hard without their father there. But they have the Apple trees.
This was a fun, contemporary, third person single POV romp through the RH genre - even twisting it up enough so that she doesn't get ALL the guys. That was a refreshing change. Seriously, I adore RH, but it seems like every book promises every man in the group to the girl. I enjoyed the switch up. Pros: - Strippers... love them! - Some funny moments. - Plays with the genre well. - well edited - Sweet at times. - Female friendships (rare in RH) Cons: - Cliffhanger was predictable. - Judgmental parents.... ugh!
I LOVE the book and content but It was advertised showing a hard back book with a COVER and it arrived without a book jacket and to make it even uglier it had a big sticker stuck on messily on the hard plain cover that left a messy rectangle residue . thank you...............
I was really into this book and then, bam, an abrupt end like someone cut off the rest of the story. I think it stinks to have to buy another book or two to get the rest of the story. It is an engrossing story line but somewhat of a scam to have to read two more books to find out what happens. I think each part of a series should have some closure. This was ridiculous, I tried to turn the page and discovered there was no more story unless I paid more money.
I really enjoyed this story although it was super creepy and it requires you to suspend your disbelief at some of the more ridiculous aspects of the characters' journey.
Weight Watchers is a great dieting program that is going to help you to lose weight in a safe and effective way. This book is loaded with a lot of healthy and delicious recipes, tips and guides that I need to know about how to lose weight fast and enjoy a healthy lifestyle. I am so thankful to Mr. Michael Smith for this book. It has truly changed my life.
it was okay for the series
picked up a few ideas out of this book, made me think (
who would have thought that the adventures of an 11 year old boy, headed West would be so interesting, informative and entertaining? Good read!
I like the characters, the way the story unfolded. Also I appreciate the twist and turns of the story line.
This book was an easy read, rather predictable, yet the author has a good tone and it was very enjoyable.
This is a very detailed, thorough, and truly global treatise on the Great War. Keegan has painstakingly researched and cross-reference this work. As you read you are at one moment seeing the politics and war plans as from a great height, and the next you are hearing the words of men muddied and bloody in the trenches. While one can certainly sense this is written from the eyes and mind of an Englishman, Keegan does justice to the experiences of French, German, Russian, and the large myriad of other nationalities who participated in this disastrous conflict. Well done.
I like the way Mr. Good writes. I've always wanted to grow a couple of the evil tobacco plants, I don't smoke or chew, but I like the smell and look forward to making some tobacco based insecticide. Fun read, wish it was longer.
say you're sorry was a good book, it also was an easy book to read, i enjoyed it very much..
Loved reading this story. Wish it didn't end so soon. Don't care for cliffhangers.So if you don't mine then you'll love it too.
If you're in the mood for something completely different, this is it. I made my sister read it so we could talk about it.
Good story with likable and flawed characters. Tried and true mother/ daughter conflict and finding a way back to each other.
DI Sally Parker is back! She and her crack team are called in once again to investigate what is their forte, a cold case. During a backyard renovation, bones are found underneath a 33 year old shed. Small bones. A child's bones. While others are processing evidence that have a long wait time to return information, Sally opens another file on a different case. An already imprisoned serial killer has spent his time behind bars refusing to admit the location of many of his victims. Sally feels she should at least try to glean some information for the victims families, so they can have closure. Sally is a character who is relentless and will not let the victims of their families down, even if it means sitting face to face with a monster. The integrity of this woman is rock solid and inspirational. If only we all could have a heart like hers. Plus every woman needs a man like Simon! Where do we find our own?!
Two in One! I am following it!
This was a pleasant and interesting book with a good plot and likable characters. I will be watching for more from Ruby Loren.
The story is fascinating - a parent's worst nightmare. The author does a fantastic job of portraying the experiences and feelings of Jacob's parents.
This is a great book if you are looking for some spice in your bedroom. The explanations are clear and straight to the point This book provides a comprehensive description of each of the positions and a guide on how to maximize pleasure. I highly recommend this book for other couples who want to experiment in the bed room! Your significant other will thank you for buying this book!
This book is an informative book on Ketogenic Diet Cookbook. There are perfect healthy recipe which are easy to make and delicious as well.
I've read a lot of historical romance books so I get super excited when I finally find an author with a storyline that is a little different from most historical romances. I am going to be looking for and reading more by this author. The book does have some PNR thrown in for good measure. Since this was book 4, I'm assuming the PNR element was described in past books. I just need to go back and read them. I thought it added a little more flair to the book. The only complaint I had was with the sex scenes. There were just missing something....,I don't know how to explain it. They were too fast or not enough detail. I don't know. I still enjoyed the book.
I enjoyed reading this book. It was a light mystery with likeable characters. Reminded me a little of the Hallmark murder mysteries about a cookie baker who solves murders.
Loved the story line. A bit predictable but fun read anyway
keeps moving not a dull read
I love this series. Lucy and the vampires once again investigate a murder. I like how Lucy struggles with learning how to knit and her magical powers. I liked learning more about the lives of the vampires when they were human. Those backgrounds helped with the invest. I love the humor, and Lucy's interest in a handsome police officer. This is a good read and mystery.
This isn't a book I would usually read, but came highly recommended. I'm glad I stuck with it and am looking forward to reading the next book in this series
Good story...lot of fun and it moves along well. Recommend!
I read a lot of paranormal. This story line was interesting and kept me hooked. I loved all the characters, especially the strong young women. I really wish we had men in real life like these men.
I'm not much for novellas. It was a bit one-dimensional and a little cliché, but it was good while it lasted.
Good characters. Was too short. Wanted more about their story. Wish there was a sequel and more characters involved. Waiting for that.
In this thriller, the agents are at the center of the novel. They are likeable, realistic, and well defined. The story line has the elements of suspense and frustration in trying to identify the hacker. But that frustration causes Scarlett to focus more closely, which triggers an intensive investigation. An enjoyable entertaining novel. Reviewed by the author of The Children's Story, About Good and Evil.
Interesting short story. Many have question did he live or did he die and if he lived what would his life be like. I like that he was given a disease like Parkinson in this story. But with so many theories out there only he knows what happen and he's not talking.
Quick read which gives a good first introduction to Blockchain. It motivates to read and learn more in different areas. Thanks Artemis Caro for wrote a helpful book. Thanks .
Interesting story of unexpected friendships and years of staying in touch. I wasn't sure where the story line was going after the first segment but was surprised by the way of the story.
Good story line, like the character, I still believe there is much more left in this adventure. Would like read more on this character, I can also see a good relationship building between two character, that keeps you wanting more of it. I whant more of this, keep it coming.
I always have enjoyed Indian culture. There is enough culture, spiritual memories and a good plot. I hope there are more books with this main character.
Story was fast paced and interesting until the final page. Would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in a story that is at once relatable yet fantastic!!
I really enjoyed this book. The story line was well constructed. I feel like the publisher let down the author with proofreading though.
This was a interesting and clever read. I enjoyed the story. The characters were believable and well developed. The story was entertaining and enjoyable and fast paced.
I had no idea who Brittney Renner was before this book selection from a reading club member and even tho it was kinda raunchy this book was an easy read and enjoyable enough...made a good 1st selection for a newly formed ladies (of various ages) only reading club
You are offended by totally unnecessary dialogue about the male anatomy or are offended by characters who are gay . Otherwise, this was a well written book with a limited number of editorial errors. Interesting characters, but it wasn't so much a mystery as it was a Perils of Pauline. Still, when you get past that, it was a good read.
Cute romantic comedy. Enjoyed all the characters and how they entangled with one another. Fast and easy to follow. Will look for more by this author.
It usually it takes a week or two to get through a book, but this one I got finished in two days. It is well written with a lot of twists and turns. This is the second Rip Lane book I read. After reading the first I like it so much I bought the other three. I'm glad I did
Not as in depth as I thought it would be but nevertheless, it was interesting and both easy and hard to read. It is still hard to conceptualize that humans did these things to other humans.
This was an ok read but sooooo much repetition. I had to skip so many pages and I hate reading like that. You choose yours.
I thought characters were well written, I liked the small beach setting. It's a great summer read. Definitely recommend it.
Realistic look at the difficulty post-civil war. Who could you trust, and how to begin to live again. Enlightening read.
The story is scary and good but I just didn't like switching between past and present which is why I rate it as a 4 🌟🌟🌟🌟 instead of five stars 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
I finished reading Born to Run and quickly stepped into this book about the abduction of a General. What I got was written in a true ADD type of story telling. The narrative skipped around faster than my mind would allow. I felt like the written was hopped up on Mountain Dew or something. The stories were good but I had a hard time following.
Nothing....no I enjoyed it all ...............that is it. Don't care for THUS requirement at all. Not at all. Nope. No
I read while I was detained. You altered my perspective set . I have a feeling that I could do land. A debt of gratitude is in order for demonstrating to us how you ended up effective.
I like this nanny shifter service. It seems to pair the couples magically.
This second In the Warrior King series, had some similar elements to the first in the series. It did end up veering off into a different direction eventually, but the similarities made it a little less intriguing to start with. The characters were appealing and had good chemistry. Donna Fletcher is very good at creating witty dialogue that you end up smiling about as well as steamy hot love scenes. It's a winning combination, and what makes her novels so endearing.
Enjoyed the book very much. A good love story. I would have given it a five star rating but it ended to soon before we found out what happened to the banker and his hateful wife. Wanted to see some revenge.
just plain good series. very entertaining .
Loved the story line and characters but as usual the first chapter keeps repeating the paragraphs and I did skip over some because it was so boring and retentive.
This turned out to be a great book for me and my daughter. I am comfortable with us doing this type of fasting and this book allows me to feel rest assure that this won't be detrimental to our health. This book contains a very useful plan that will help you eat correctly and lose weight. This book also contains a meal plan you can follow with delicious food. Enlightening, well-reasoned and documented. Great guide.I learn so much about intermittent fasting.
Picked up as a November First Reads without any great expectations - didn't look like my type of book but was the most appealing of the selection offered. I was very pleasantly surprised. Very well written and without any profanity ( "boobs" was as racy as it got), with a very nice twist at the conclusion. I am looking forward to the next book in the series
This book is well written and should be an eye opener for those who have a high regard for people such as Calvin and Luther. I have always found Dave Hunt to be an honest and Bible believing Christian
Very good book. I need to control my stress. I didn't know that the stress contributes to increase the blood sugar levels....
This book was so well written, it was really an enjoyable read. Even though some of the characters are high school age, their manner of speaking is mature which aids in making this a good read for an adult. I loved the characters, especially Angie. She is such a spitfire. But besides her, you can tell that the author put a lot...and I mean a lot...of thought and care into the creation of each of her characters. Every character had development and growth throughout the book, taking them beyond the typically one dimensional feel. While the dynamic was a bit predictable between a few of the characters, it was still worth it to watch them develop. I loved how all of these different events that occurred in Hope's life tied together, in way that felt natural and not at all forced. The connections felt real and believable. The ending was so good, I of course jumped immediately to the next book in the series. This is the first book I've ever read by this author, and I feel so fortunate that I was given a copy in exchange for an honest review. It lead me to discover a great author!
The beginning and middle were pretty entertaining, the ending was predictable. A worth while read for those interested in WW2 naval and carrier info. Inter-service rivalry, James Bond spy stuff, naval battles....... The writing keeps you engaged as I couldn't put this one down till I finished. Worth the money for a very different WW2 Alternate History.
There was a lot of human emotion in the story. I thought it ended a bit too abruptly and did not follow up on the second couple as to what happened to them. Did they marry? Maybe the author intended to continue their story in another book
The murder of an entire family and torture of the teen daughter haunts detective Kate because of its senseless cruelty. She is obsessed with finding the killer and dealing with memories of her own past. Not certain the senseless cruelty was fully motivated in the end, but perhaps it could not be.
I picked up this book after some of the events involving Salome in the Elite Dangerous game. It tells a tale of political intrigue and self-discovery all set in familiar surroundings. Drew has an easy to read style, and the book is at times a real page turner. Perhaps not the best book ever, but a good science fiction story recommended for those who play the game.
This going to be short. I have to go buy the next book and find out what happens next. Great characters. Excellent world building great plot seems a little far fetched at times but not too bad. Well written. You absolutely have to read book one. Worth every penny.
An attractive, brooding Duke, with a traumatic past, and a lively suffragette meet and gradually, against all odds, fall in love, but is love enough to guarantee a happy ending? A quick, fun read.
I have several books on the Law of Attraction and so forth. I didn't really need anymore books but thought I'd try looking at things from another angle. I don't want to put the book down it just wasn't for me.
I love this series. She gave me a vision of everything that was going on in the books. In fields before the storm, I could just see that happening. Awesome series!
Amazing book on real estate! I just wish it was geared more toward non-beginners.
Arrived very fast! The book itself is small which is great for taking on the trip you're preparing for and it really holds all the essential phrases and more that you might need for your next trip to a foreign land.
I usually read mystery, thriller books, but came across this book and thought it sounded interesting. I'm glad I got it and was not disappointed. It was a very engrossing, nostalgic look at post-war America and how people adjusted and lived through that time. Very heart-warming story...thourghly enjoyed it
This was a powerful love story and I was unable to put it down. The characters were very exciting and fun, I could not put it down. The plot was complex and pulled the reader in many different directions. All in all it was a powerful love story a many faceted love story.
This book provided a great overview of meal prep. I liked that there were several different options for meals per week that you could choose from. While I haven't tried many of the recipes yet, they all look and sound delicious. It's a great guide for someone who wants to learn how to meal prep, with easy to follow directions, suggestions and recipes.
Retired from the hospitality industry, I appreciated the plight of a historical property and the community 's ability to rally support to that special place that held most of their significant memories! I especially enjoyed The Beatles angle! The characters are relatable, probably because of their virtues and their flaws. A good read!
Many likeable characters, look forward to reading the rest of the series.
Considering where the series started and where we are at now, I'm just nervous we are ready to jump the shark. This last book has taken such a hard right that there is no tie to the original that made me fall in love with the characters.
Vanessa Waltz is a favorite author of mine. "The D" is a teacher/student storyline that was totally unexpected since I automatically one clicked her book without reading the synopsis. I liked Liam in this book. A lot. Was excited to get his story. Blair had to grow on me. I didn't care for the way she flirted...I think. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what it was about her. Not my favorite of Vanessa's, but not a bad read. Well written as usual.
A scattering of typos, missing words, & other editorial issues is the only thing preventing me from giving this book 5 stars. I give particularly high marks for the characters of the mercenaries, who seemed realistic & believable based on my own military experience. The action was fast-paced, bloody, & violent; no glaring plot holes caused me to roll my eyes; overall, a highly entertaining debut effort. I'll be looking forward to reading more from this author.
Good first book of a series that gives a different take on a dystopian future. Rather than the usual major catastrophe that sets it off it is just a slow slide towards it, which allows a fresh take on what happens. Avalon is a strong heroine who is just trying to survive, but gets dragged into something bigger. I can't wait to see what happens next.
An interesting book for beginners. The author described the basic rules of how to start quickly reading. And this is enough to increase your speed in two, and maybe even four times. I advise you to look at other books on this subject. Because of the more different exercises the better the result.
Using the elements of our culture, with the 5th one of an Oriental belief that Wood as an element, this author has blended a super group of teens worthy of Marvel comics. C.S. Lewis had a great influence on these adventures, it seems, for the better.
Pleasant story about a strong-minded lady who Is almost on the shelf and a not so pleasant gentleman who learns a thing or two by the story's end. Enjoyed the heroine's use of reverse psychology to get her adversary under control, a concept unknown at the time but one that I surmise she intuitively discerned because she was a pretty smart cookie. Good characters in a somewhat unusual variation on the bluestocking spinster trope. Glad I purchased this one and will likely reread it in future.
Ok, not gonna sugar coat... while I enjoyed this story, I admit I was getting frustrated towards the end BUT the author delighted me with a gratifying ending. And also, despite making me wait for a hot sex scene, I absolutely get why it couldn't have been earlier. Boyd gets her, and she is to cute... it's a beautiful thing! A worthwhile read indeed!
I enjoyed reading this series. It was really great having them all in one place. I recommend them or this book
I liked this book a lot and admired the character, Lori. she is quite determined to find the truth and does not give up.
Great book! I read Girls of Pearl Harbor first and was excited that this author had another book for me to read.
I plan to read more from this author and hope that more people will discover this under appreciated love story.
I am glad to read this book, this was really amazing. This book contains very easy and mindset tips. it is good for beginner. This book was nicely explain things thoroughly.
This book providing slow cooking recipes for freestyle cooking. Enjoying those recipes. Loving approach. A great enjoying book. Recommended.
Cute little Christmas story. It's very sweet, but ended much too soon. Would love to see this fleshed out into a full novel or novella. The characters are certainly rich enough to warrant it.
Fiona has plans to go to the USA and take care of children and be with her childhood friend. Leaving Ireland and her family would be difficult, but her dreams are about to be fulfilled when a family crisis prevents her departure. She has to take on family responsibilities, giving up her plans.
This is a solid easy read, realistic enough and engaging. It is competently written so as not to distract from the action. Doesn't try to comment on the morality of the war nor aspire to be more than it is, an action tale of men in combat.
It is always a good time when Hal and his growing brood get together and this Christmas time novella was no different.
This has great information for beginning affiliate marketing. The information is basic but there are some things I wasn't aware of. It would be better if there were more examples of real people using this method. I love to hear stories of how the information is applied. Also, I think some information is a bit outdated. It's amazing how much can change in a couple of years.
I enjoyed the characters, Aurora and Kia, but also the secondary characters. Good dialogue. Fast paced. Cliffhanger. There were some typos, but not so many that it drove me insane. I received a free copy for an honest review
Surrender into this enthralling and page gripping story! I love it and I can't wait to read the rest of the books! Jane's life had some major changes and I can't wait to see her grow more! The writing is absolutely flawless, the storyline is imaginative, the characters are engaging and the villains are credible. This book will pull you in instantly. I won't really go into the details but I tell you that this is definitely a prolific work. Well done!
The story is gripping and it really draws you in. My only complaint is the author seemed to bounce around a bit and didn't explain who was whom very well.
Since I am on the spectrum, social cues haven't always been easy for me to decipher. Of course there is no cure, but doing research and reading books like this do help me to feel more "normal" in this world, if that's possible. I like that everything is obviously outlined in the Table of Contents because I was able to pick and choose what I felt more drawn to and what I believed I would benefit from reading first. As I continue to delve into this work I hope I continue to learn new techniques and easily integrate them into my everyday life.
I like more details & cleaner investigative thinking, but all in all a good mystery with lots of possible motives.
My husband is usually the tech person that takes care of all the computers in the house. This opened my eyes to other ways hackers could invade your personal space.
Straight forward to the point of how to improve your life. Solid advice. Quick read. Finished in a couple hours.
This book is excellent Machine Learning. I very suggest that you try this Machine Learning for Beginners. A great quick read with lots of nice Understanding From Beginner To Expert ideas. I found that this book is well written and easy to understand. I feel more comfortable with this knowledge.
I've read several books about WW2, and all of them talk about the atrocities in a general way. But this book describes them in more detail using testimony from war criminals and witnesses in the Nuremberg trials. This is grim reading, but it is very worthwhile in trying to get an understanding of how humans can do such awful things to each other.
Very long but interesting novel. I had some trouble initially getting into it but then couldn't put it down! Offers insight into war and its effects on young men despite the differences in time and weaponry.
I always enjoy the Bosch books, and this was not an exception. Connelly does a great job of keeping the heat up and making the reader look forward to reading it.
Good stories about a close family, good family ties, and love for one another
I enjoyed reading this series. Keeps you interested. Don't want to put them down
The concept, imagination and plot line are great! The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because of the terrible grammar used throughout this book. Seriously, the editor for this book needs to be fired. Except for the grammar, I'm very much looking forward to the next book.
Well written with larger than life characters. It can come off as a little over the top at times. The heroes of the story come off like superheroes at times and reduces threats to a minimum leaving you feeling like the threats are an after thought. Overall an enjoyable book
A writer has many things going on when they start to upload an e-book; even experienced ones. This is a great guide for beginners but also a good review for experienced writers. Give it a chance to help you out but watch for software updates too.
This book is set in England, Baltimore and Canada. The story is told from the present to flashes from the past. It is hard to follow at times but I kept at it until it all made sense. Overall I recommend this book.
Very interesting. Very descriptive about human emotions that precipitate historical events as depicted. I do appreciate the maps and detailed drawings.
Loved the characters and the dialogue....the plot twists and turns keep the reader fully engaged from beginning to end....hard to put down!
After reading many thriller books, this one is light and easy to read. I needed this right now. Even though this couple started out conducting a relationship experiment, for various reasons they thought they couldn't stay together. Only after they are apart long enough do they realize they need each other. I liked this book and the author a lot. Thanks for writing it!
Enjoyable reading. Characters were believable.
The twists and turn from "Memory Man" Amos Decker newest incarnation was very enjoyable and would recommend it highly to anyone.
It was a fun collection of books.
The Hundredth Queen is an action driven story of an orphaned child & a tyrant king. There is plenty of action for most action junkies and just enough romantic heat to keep many romantics reading. The author does a nice job with painting just the right amount of scenery without getting lost in the details.
I loved the Ann Cleeves books set in Shetland and anticipated liking this latest one just as much. I was mildly disappointed, unfortunately. It was good reading and I would recommend any fan of the books as well as the TV series not to miss this one as it represents a continuation of the original storyline. Perhaps too much time has passed since the last Shetland mystery or I was distracted by many other things to be able to pinpoint my reason for slight disappointment. However, should Ms. Cleeves publish another Shetland-based mystery, I will no doubt buy it and read as soon as possible. I'm still a fan.
This was good, but really, really short, and could have been included in the first book instead.
Messed up situation, but there was great chemistry. This is an enjoyable read. Pippa has an interesting sense of humor.
Lots of adventure. Good characters. Once upon a time in a far away land there was a mystery that no one could solve.
I have not read a Diana Palmer book in a while. They have not changed. It hold you attention but can be very predictable
An enjoyable book with amusing characters - great vacation read.
Good Book. This is a new author for me and I liked him
This is a very good read. I am a big fan of John Saul's and this book does not disappoint.
I read it several years ago and threw the book away when I moved last time. Since I read a new book she wrote, I went back to reread this. I enjoyed the trip where science b I read it several years ago and threw the book away when I moved last time. Since I read a new book she wrote, I went back to reread this. I enjoyed the trip where science- fiction Becomes real.
Short but a good read. Not the ending I expected. Would like to have known if she had the baby or lost it.
This is my 3rd read of Bink Cummings. Ive enjoyed the Sacred Sinners and almost hate to see the Story of Kat and Ryker and the Sacred Sinners family come to an end. The characters were great and I'm sure some of them will have their own story to tell in other books. Thanks Bink for taking me back in time to younger days enjoyed it so much.
Really enjoyed this sexy read by a new to me author! I thought the plot was intriguing and the main characters were perfect for the story! Roman and Quinn had such an interesting dynamic and definitely held my interest! Looking forward to reading more from K. Sterling.
The book quickly caught my attention. At first I thought that Allie was just another bad guy. Slowly the details about her, Lucy and the other host of characters came into view. When I reached the halfway point, things slowed down and a more complete picture came into view. In the last two chapters I was disappointed when details were not shared about Iris' homecoming. Then Allie was in a bar where she apparently picked up the chief bad guy. Then, she arrived at the room where Faith had a client. Allie and Faith ride into the sunset. Details were lacking in those last two chapters foiling a five-star rating.
Keto Diet Cookbook Love this cook book! It provides a ton of information about the Keto lifestyle as well as a HUGE amount of recipes! For sure recommend to newbie Keto eaters like myself.
Good read, quick and insightful. Recommend it for a good look at the struggle with weight loss today. I read it while biking for motivation
Laura is the perfect heroine for my type of mystery - intelligent and realistic. She is independent and personable. The story kept my interest without the addition of a cop boyfriend or baked goods.
Taking place over the course of a weekend, Teresa is trying to get away from the heartbreak of an abusive jerk (my words not hers), only to find she brought him, in mind, with her. Her obsessive thoughts about what he thought of her got on my nerves a bit. She seemed to embrace the inner conversation rather than turning away to something, anything else. When she gets a little attention she decides to make herself look more interesting. I liked the story adventure and the budding relationship between Tony & Teresa. The support characters were strong and encouraging of each Tony & Teresa. The inclusion of God and prayer was real and appropriate. Becky Doughty did a terrific job bringing the characters to life and narrating. I recieved a free Audible copy, at my request, in exchange for a honest review.
What a clever story. I really like the ideas of Santa 's past. The elves and fairies add a lot to the charm of this story. I was disappointed that they did not play a larger part in the storyline. What an opportunity for an hilarious spin-off series. I'm expecting more love interests in future books. Over all, I would recommend this book for all ages. Nice job Ms. Eden.
Really enjoyed this book.
A short fast read of 78 pages this is a well-written story that kept my interest until the end. I received a copy of this book via Booksprout and I bought it as I want to read again.
What do you do when heartache as a 10th grade teenager is thrown into adult life? Plus, what if that heartache was caused by your best friend who you would still do anything for? Anna Lynn was thrown into, by choice, this as her norm. The only thing both can do is seek the truth and let forgiveness heal their hearts. Overall, I did enjoy this book. I really felt sad for Anna. She literally has the heart of gold. Mark is a jerk. It took me most of the book to like him. I could not figure out why Anna continued to put up with him. It did make me wonder if we put up with things for the hope of a better future. Love eventually does prevail but it takes a lot to get there. This book was clean, and I always enjoy a happily-ever-after.
Fun book interesting take on cinderella.
15 talented authors, 15 incredible stories, 15 tales of smoking hot dragons and the journeys they must travel to find and keep everlasting love. Some of these stories are part of other series, some introduce you to new and exciting characters. One thing I can tell you is that you will never be board and you will have trouble putting it down until you have reached the last page. While others will leave you a snippet about each tale, I find that to be sometimes be to much. Instead I will tempt you by saying you will love each and every character. You will hate to see the stories end and want more. You will become immersed in the storylines and feel as if you are right there in the middle of everything that is going on. You will not be sorry if you take the time to pick up this collection and spend the afternoon letting the imagination of these 15 authors weave a magical tale about the winged beasts that fill our fantasies.
This was my first Toby Neal book. I really enjoyed it and learning about Sophie and what her story is. She is very complex, strong, and sensitive, and a badass! Look forward to reading more in this series.
This was an enjoyable read. It helps to know and understand that all babies are not mistakes and they are wanted and loved.
Another interesting story . Showing how you can sink into just a dark place after an injury or illness. We often need just one person to help get you to a better place in your mind where you manage to realize your faults but learn that you can still be a reliable and valuable part of society.
This is a collection of stories that give you a glimpse of different aspects of different plots and characters. Can't go wrong with a Ford!!
The characters were well developed, and the conflict within the story was reasonable. I thought the resolution seemed rushed, but as I said, I liked it.
I enjoyed Legacy of Sins. It was the first time I read anything by Anne Baker, I definitely intend to read more of her work.
Engaging. I enjoyed the suspense and descriptors.
Tragic loss of life for three individuals who crossed the wrong person. Within the killer, evil and anger consumed a man who sought revenge. So many suffered and it seems on death row he is still playing mind games. No soul, no conscience. Truly an example of the darkness of a human being. h
Good story but I was a little disappointed with the ending.
Its a good book for beginners. learning approach provided. A great effective book. Learning approach about dark psychology. Recommended.
Loved the characters and story line.
This book caused me to do as lot of introspection and make quite a few adjustments. EXTREMELY instrumental in freeing up my time and allowing me to focus on the important an not the urgent.
This novel was written by Michael Crichton 40 years before his death and is a fictional biography of a young adult spoiled brat from a rich Philadelphia family. William Johnson is bored and accepts a bet that he can't survive the summer in the West picking dinosaur bones. It chronicles the early years of paleontology, with history and action from the American War with the Indians. Interesting, fast read.
I felt it to be too repetitive at times. Funny also- - when she writes that the courtroom was so quite you could hear the ladies' corsets creak!
This book is grittier than my usual fare, but I enjoyed it anyway. Well-drawn characters, a fast-moving, complex plot, and a satisfactory resolution make it well worth the time.
Its heartfelt and honestly written. Loved it.
I've been following Suzanne's amazing personal journey on Keto Karma for a few years now and she is such an inspiration. I love that she's a mom and has really practical...
Everything about this novel screams suspense , confusion, and unbelievable medical issues. Each character seems to have their own personality disorders of some sort.
This was a fun and easy read. Lots of implausible characters, who were quite real to the story. I enjoyed the author's plays on words. My favorite characters were Detective Blunt and Ms Thursday, described as clouds who speak and almost no one sees them. They became quite believable as the story wore on.
It was an enjoyable book. Liked reading about Montana and the mining. I like reading historical books. Just a good story.
Great character! Really enjoyed this action packed beach read. I'll read more from Mr Swain and am looking forward to it.
The book was good. The story was interesting. I would not recommend this book to young readers. It has a lot of sex scenes.
I enjoyed this book as it's not only about a real Richmond spy ring who spied on behalf of the Union from behind enemy lines; but also because it enlightened me better understand the daily experiences of enslaved and free blacks, as well as pro-Union and pro-Confederate white Southerners, and different views among anti-slavery advocates of both races. This book should be added to schools reading lists as it makes history come to life.
I enjoyed reading this book. It was a nice change that they only shift once a month. The world building and characters are interesting too. I look forward to reading about the other characters and what's in store for them.
Jenika Snow did well incorporating new characters into ARR's world. Although the story was short (I wanted more), it was super sweet and I loved it.
This book is a good read, very entertaining, it keeps you interested from the start to the finish, very enjoyable
See review for book 4 of the series.
Informs the character of Preacher
The illustrations are why I rated this at 4/5 stars. They are SOOOOOO adorable!! Writing was so-so, but the message is appropriate and clear.
This book will give the insight into being everything that you ever wanted to be and having the success in life that will enable you to live the life you deserve. I think anyone who is trying to become successful should read this! This book has become a top in my list to recommend to people and it's an easy read too.
I enjoyed this story a great deal; and could easily see it play out much as a movie on tv or dvd. Looking forward to the next installment.👍
Amazing short snippets of very interesting aspects of our history. Extremely worthwhile for anyone who wants the condensed but interesting aspects of our history, beautifully written. From the impact of religion, to conquering greats and empires, to masterful thinkers and revered heroes, this book has it all
The hero is a bit of an ass, but he does learn his life-lessons, eventually. The heroine makes choices in the beginning that don't make any sense, but the story sucks you in because Miss Howard is such a good writer. A nice easy read with a touch of humour now and then.
This book affected me very much after reading it. First I experienced an overwhelming surge of emotions then I had dreams about it the following night! That is how powerful it is. The imagery Roberts creates just sticks with you. I must say that this is not for the light of heart- at some parts I was truly squealing on the inside. The experience overall while reading was so exciting, I was scared and distressed but it was so exhilarating. All I could think about when I wasn't reading was to go back and continue reading. The flavor of the plotline is splendid, it is so interesting and fun. I definitely have not read anything like this before. Although, one of the things that confused me is some of the dialogue. I think it could have been made more authentic but the good part is that the point gets across and it's not cringey or anything. All of the other writing elements were very enjoyable. The development of the story and the characters through the story was great to see, there was a lot of chaos and suspense I was really rushing to finish! I love conspiracy theories in real life but I have never read a piece about it, so this was a new experience for me and I am so glad I did decide to read it.
Reading her stories make you feel like you're in them. Most people can relate to the characters in some way.
Another story about strife, war, and survival as seen through 2 young people who go through the awful atrocities of war. A short read that says it all
Liked Sarah and Bill. Sarah was very strong and felt so alone. Thanks to the Todd's who rescued her and treated her like a daughter. Estelle also told her about God and how he could be a part of her life. Bill was looking for some one to love. Sarah was having trust issues because she had been stalked and kidnapped by Colt.
This book is a perfect cure for gray days, an unexpected cold snap, and everyone under the weather... The tropical location is lovingly described, and the plot threads are all nicely wound up by the end.
Just the beginning. I really enjoyed it. Until the book just dropped off. I didn't regale it was going to be a series.
Loved this book. This author keeps you entertained with the antics of her characters. The story was very enjoyable plans a year jerker at times.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Love the characters and how the story evolved. Looking forward to the next book on Mistletoe Lane.
The Best: this guy's a natural as a writer. Very easy to read.Always interesting. The worst: a lack of finality. You're always left with more of the story to be told. I guess this is designed to keep you coming back. For me, it's not necessary. Believe me: I Will come back.
I very suggest this book. It is efficient, easy to pursue and get it. The creator gives a great deal of gauge data that will be useful for reference going ahead. In light of this book I am going to look at her other renal eating regimen books.
It was a fast great read that pretty much sums up the last election & the state of our countries political parties. But with a much better outcome.
I grew up reading Koontz, and years ago, I stopped,convinced i had "outgrown" him. Still,when a friend was looking for something suspenseful too read, I suggested Koontz. She found Strangers. The excitement art how good it was startled me. I was sure i had recommended something else. I ordered a copy for myself. This was a great reintroduction to an old favorite writer -- a novel full of fully developed characters that are totally relatable. People you could care about with full back stories. A mystery that had to be solved. I expected it to be the book I read every few weeks, only on flights. Instead, I've ignored everything and everybody to finish this. Definitely a must read.
This was a beautiful read,kept me engrossed right from the beginning. The characters were very interesting and the time lapse kept the story intriguing.Loved this book.
Great artwork, wish there was something new in the story
These books are not for the faint of heart. Tim Dorsey doesn't disappoint of you're looking for action and craziness.
I enjoyed quite a bit of the content and you could see that a lot of work went I to writing this, the only reason I deducted a star is that I felt the willpower challenges etc would be better suited to an actual paced course rather than a book. Also the book never drew me in. I read it because it was good but I had to force myself to continue day after day. I never found myself in that space of looking forward to the next chapter.
Cleverly written who done it. An additional boy meets girl adds a twist of romance to the series. There are numerous warnings from many parties which is destined to be ignored. I am somewhat disappointed in the heroine's determination to push beyond her limits. It leads to additional stressors for many characters.
A very inspiring life, well written.
In this book Bella advertises as a bride for a day. She will decorate for you and do some of the things a bride might do. There are many interesting twists and turns to the plot which lead to a happy ending.
I enjoyed the Sam Mason series. It isn't a tough detective novel. It leans more toward a cozy mystery. You can easily identify with the main characters and of course his dog. There are a few twists and turns. I recommend reading the series.
This is an astounding book. It gives a reasonable clarification of the Stoic way of thinking and the handy activities are a decent instrument to develop strength and a normal way to deal with face life afflictions.
A fascinating historical novel as only Lisa See can write. This is definitely a part of history and a part of Korea that few of us ever knew about. I am so glad hat I read this and learned about this piece of history. The characters and the culture were fascinating and the stories so well constructed.
I was looking for the information about child discipline and my sister recommended me this guide. This book gave me some useful guidelines for educating my child in today's modern world. The author gives us 20 easy and effective parenting tips how to gently discipline our children and raise a happy family. These author's secrets can make parenting a lot easier and can make me better prepared for the challenges that we will be facing together. I found this book very informative and useful. It is well written and easy to understand. I liked this guide and would recommend it for all parents looking for such type of information. It is worth reading.
The author has a good story to tell, and he tells it well. If you are into genealogy, you will enjoy reading this book. I was a little disappointed in the ending, as it was rather anticlimactic. I hope at some point the author will write an article or do an interview with someone in the genealogy community, about any further information he may learn.
Enjoyable romance without overdoing the romantic angle. Characters were fun and plot played out well.
This story moves at a slower pace so you can absorb the atmosphere and appreciate the long relationship our couple had.
An interesting book about a fascinating woman. The book was a bit tedious at times....but never enough to put it down.
Another great work is done by the author. Nice beginner guide for alkaline diet beginners.
This book was a page turner, I stayed up until 5 am last night reading it, and I just finished it. I love books like that. I'm rating it 4 stars because it was of course predictable, and unrealistic. But it's a great book if you're looking for a lighthearted fantasy romance.
Have you ever felt like doing yourself in over a high cliff into the ocean below? This story will change your mind and give you hope to carry on.
Very good book. Interesting storyline with some intrigue. Very good love stories. As always, life does not always go smoothly!
I never thought that Timothy was a criminal and a traitor to the crown. I figured he had a mistress and a child by her. I'm glad that Sophia found a true love and companion with Philip.
Sometimes I just want to be entertained, actually need a happy escape in these depressing times, and Mary Kay Andrews never disappoints. The coastal island setting makes me happy and her characters are well drawn. I enjoyed this even though the main chapter was too smart and strong to have stayed married to such a shallow character.
Interesting story and worth a read. I was disappointed that the last couple of chapters were nothing more than a set up for the next book in a series. This technique is somewhat irritating when I expect a story to begin and end. If I like the book's author and their writing, sure, I will pick another title by the same author but spoiling an ending by promised installments is not fair to the reader.
I loved the story. I only took a star off because of some grammar and spelling mistakes.
I enjoyed how the story continued on from last book. I felt there was too much chasing the legion and not enough of personal relations between the clan
Quick light read. Interesting how she re imagined the fairy tail. It was a bit too easy, it lacked suspense for me. It just didn't have much excitement.
Of course it was, I'll always read books by Chloe, she's a favorite! I was so curious for the way things would end. Andi and Jackson's family was messed up as hell but God I loved Nate. On to another chloe read, I've read alot!
A nice wrapped up of the mystery, and I'm happy that I guessed all correct. I guess being an avid RS genre reader paid off. As with many crimes, it's all back to greed and money. While the story itself was great, and the flash back scenes was refreshing, I didn't really feel connected with Tracy and Johan's romantic relationship. I just didn't get the chemistry. And for someone like Johan, that I though a level headed one, some of his actions were disappointing, especially toward Tracy. And for a woman as strong as Tracy pictured to be, I'm surprised she's kind of meek in accepting treatment like that.
As always a story that captures your interest and won't let you go until you get to the end. Engaging characters and locale and well researched history.
Took me a long time to read. Often confusing. Sometimes funny. Extremely creative and unique. Everyone that is attracted to that combination should read this book
Sadly I feel like Villains is not as engaging as the previous Gone books.
I got caught up in the plot right away. It was a fun read. I plan on getting the follow up.
This guide was really helpful.I had grabbed this one for one of my cousin and he is so happy these days because he got success by reading this guide.He was trying to take control over a girl and by following the strategies he did it.I would like to recommend this guide to every single men's who want to seduce his dream girl.
Asher, an MMA fighter, is deeply in the closet at the insistence of his manager. When Drew comes to work for his uncle, Asher's trainer, the attraction is immediate. Drew is confused, he always thought he was straight. This is a brilliant journey of self discovery and love, with misunderstandings, angst and a very public coming out. I loved it.
This story kept me guessing until the very end. I thought the characters were believable. I had to read in short spurts but it still held my attention. At the end I though I knew what was going to happen. How wrong I was.
Great tool to make improvements in your life.
I really enjoyed reading this book and following Annie's many adventures. The main character Annie is a little psychic, spunky and trying to help the spirits who need her help.
Easy reading and enjoyed reading it.
This was a very fast, fun read. It was great catching up with these characters, in this Christmas short story.
Dani has done it again. She continually brings us sinful men and woman who seem to be able to keep them where they need to be. Eli and Gia have both been thru so much. Apart they are a mess. But together they are a force to be reckoned with. The love they have and the things they do.... one could only dream to find some part of that to share with someone. I'm not a dirty or more than vanilla girl.... but Dani's words make me wonder lol. I can't wait for the rest of the sinners to share their stories!!!!
I bought this book on preorder based on the blurb alone. Fortunately, the narrative lived up to the promise, weaving a new world with familiar characters and fresh mythos. Pros: - harper's growth is apparent from beginning to end. - great world building. - well edited Cons: - Cliffhanger
I thought this was a fascinating book. I did not feel it was too sentimental but was happy with the ending. The main character was not perfect but realistic.
This was a good story line; I initially thought it was going to be about angels and demons or some supernatural something, especially when I read the part about the armoire. I would have given this 5 stars because it is well written and well edited, but Nicole just made a lot of stupid decisions and she got on my nerves. Plus, there were too many ideas or situations presented that just fizzled out with no explanation.
I liked this one, I've read a few from this author before and this one seemed a bit different from the others, but I really liked it. There were a few plot holes but it wasn't something that would ruin the book.
I read this book and I need to share my impressions. The book is composed exceptionally open, simple to peruse. Additional intriguing data was found out about "How to get more fit in a brief time frame". There are additionally great formulas in this book. A large portion of the formulas I needed to check by and by, and I can state this is the best thing I did, everything turned out extremely delectable.
A very good story of a land I have wished to visit. Loved that the story took the family through many real life dramas to a satisfying conclusion.
Totally enjoyed her book. Interesting, relaxing to read. Enjoyed watching Reese growth as the book progressed. Glad she was willing to try new things
Great book. This is an interesting and informative book. I just wish there was more detail. I was recently told that I am an empath. I was not sure what that meant. I identified with the descriptions given here. Now I know why I become overwhelmed in large crowds and become overwhelmed by emotions sometimes.
There is a problem with all the images on my website, after reading this guide now I got that SEO actually also includes, Image resizing and entitle them, Have applied these tips on my website.
I really enjoyed this collection. I thought A Splash of Love might be my favorite, but they were all good. Worth the time and money!
I found the material pretty good but I expected more from Ben. More details or examples of tactics or an actual debate other than the one with Piers. Left me wanting more.
The characters and storyline I liked.
This was an interesting read but after just finishing a James Rollins book and having read Lee Child's Jack Reacher books, this one felt a bit like a new writer trying to fit in all the classic mystery and romance of other books. It was good enough to keep me reading to the end but not enough to continue with the series.
Charming story of rural English village, interesting characters, well plotted.
Another great read. Maybe too many subplots going on so struggling a bit to remember and keep up but a rattling good yarn. Looking forward to vol 3
I enjoy this series. It is pretty light reading but includes interesting cultural insights into colonial India as likable characters.
Okay book one down. The writing and plot are well done, characters are too. This is a new author for me, now on to book two, see how we continue to enjoy
WOW what an education
This book provides a lot of useful information and links. The links are useful for a business owner or prospective business owner.
Beginning a bit rough while the characters are developing. Once the story gets rolling it is difficult to put down the book.
It is Well written has a good storyline and has great characters! some of the military details are not correct but it doesn't take away from the stories good. read don't start this if you got nothing to do be up up all night. I will read some more works by this author
Being an adopted Texan I love reading about it history. This was a very good read and I as usual enjoy reading your work.
Single Mom with a mystery habit looking for love can it get more dangerous. The best part is so funny you have to read it to believe it.
Because I really enjoyed this story. I loved all of the characters. I look forward to reading more from this author.
I bought this book when it first came out ,and every so often I go and reread one of my paperbacks. I have enjoyed the book, I find my self laughing at some of the things that happen, this is a quick read of only 146 pages.
An important story about love and strength. Joe Biden is a brilliant man and a good humanitarian. He reminds me a lot of Jimmy Carter. I hope he is remembered for his compassion and strength, even in the face of losing his son who also was a great public figure, and losing his first wife and daughter in a car accident years earlier. His composure and mindfulness is extraordinary. He loves his family and his country.
The Winchester witches are back and badder than ever. When Aunt Tillie's nemesis hires a renaissance troupe and a brings a new witch to town, things only get worse when an unexpected murder occurs. Bay and Landon are as cute as ever. The rest of the family is up to their usual tricks.
The story is too sad to read. When you read the main characters' lives, you even want to give up.
Short but good read. Looking forward to more of Anne & Danny as the story continues in future books.
This was a fun read, characters were well developed and descriptions made the people and places easy to see. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.
I thought this story was a pretty good representation of how we as a society would respond to such a scenario. I liked the characters and their responses to events. I'm ready for more.
This is a great summary book. A great informative book. Learning content. Author give full stuff for making this book helpful. Recommended. Loving stuff. Enjoying content
I really enjoyed reading this book! So many hot scenes, so many emotions, and one Big Secret! This was a roller coaster ride. My feelings went out to Matthew because he was really hurting! He asked Erica many times what was wrong; giving her plenty of times to fess up, but she didn't! On the other hand, I Loved the plan Lanie, Erica's Best Friend, came up with to get out of her situation! I believe everyone who reads this book will enjoy it! I suggest that you read the Entire Series! You won't be disappointed! I will definitely recommend this book/series!
The novel was ok, more of a story about the main characters love life than about her harrowing life at Sea smuggling alcohol during prohibition.
The Crafting of Chess is a wonderfully written, compelling story of a gifted kid called Nate. Nate is a likeable but imperfect, and believable character who captures the reader's attention from the opening pages. In general, I enjoyed the parts of the book that were set in the real world more than those in the game (there was a bit too much crafting for me), but the story held my attention throughout. In large part, this was due to the well-developed characters and exciting, converging storylines. I liked this book quite a bit more than others I have read in the genre and would recommend it to anyone.
I highly recommend this book for the reader who wants to suspend disbelief and take an intellect and spiritual ride. Lots to consider and learn. I've already got plans to read more of his work.
Fast moving, liked the subject matter, and the relatively short chapters making it easy to pick up and just read for a few minutes, if that's all the time you have.
A detailed review really isn't needed - but - I will say the series is among my favorites. The action of this one was non-stop and flowed quite well. Character relationships are well developed and are proceeding. My only problem is that (without giving any spoilers here) some aspects of the series (Nick and Sam's possible future in the gilded cage) have become predictable and somewhat boring. On the flip side of the coin, there wasn't really much that could be done with that piece of the plot because it would have sent the series into magical mystery tour, and things are more fun as they are. This is one of my favorite series and sucks you in from the beginning, making you want more. Brava!
Very enjoyable read. Never really knowing what was going to happen next I found it hard to put down. I really liked the main character of the book, the author made him seem like someone I would enjoy meeting. Overall great book, good story line and well developed characters
I have been a student of the Holocaust this book is such a wonderful account of the people who survived under the harshest of circumstances,I would encourage you to read this true account,it gives hope to everyone.
Great read very interesting topic. Surprise ending was a little disappointing in my opinion. As usual, the author researched sleep disorders thoroughly
This is a good overall view of the complete battle, without diving too del into any single action. Good read to dive deep into a single action is Last Stand of the Tin Cans.
The book is very awesome. My family love this book. Thanks author for creating us a new book for all of us! I would highly recommended this book everyone.
Future could be critical.
What a great audio book. I like this book so much. After reading this audio book i am so impressive. I would must recommended for this book. Specially thanks.
This the fourth book I have read by him. All of them have the same problem. They end in the middle of the story. This last one quit without telling us if his friend ever told the girl she might be his daughter. Whether she was his daughter or not was the basic reason for the book.
Quirky fun read. Like the author.
This book has so many awesome recipes. Love that it's on my phone and I can search the recipe while at the grocery store. The writer made a brilliant showing with regards to and furthermore composed extremely well. I am really impressed when I have read this book. The author did an excellent job and also written very well.I am really impressed when I have read this book. The author did an excellent job and also written very well.
The story is well written and moves right along. Some twists and turns and good scenes to keep your interest.
If you love strong women you will love Sasha! Not only is she clever she is also a warm human being. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and read it in a day and a half!!
This eBook will serve as a co-pilot for any beginner navigating the extensive features available through the Amazon Fire TV Stick. Even though most of the information in this book is repurposed from other sites --- it's not a bad thing to buy. It's comprehensive it step-by-step and the only thing negative that I can say about it is is my initial statement that it is all available elsewhere. But the price is right and you can go through it fairly quickly to get what I need to go.
This book about seven principle for making marriage work has found so helpful and this book has bring the total thought about how it should work on marriage. I am so sure to recommend this book to all you guys and also you should read it.
Again, another good story. The same characters are likeable and the new ones are good too. I keep coming back to the prison as the turing point.
The pacing was a bit rushed, but at the same time there was a whole lot of ground to cover. Scott Moon did a great job continuing Richard Fox's legacy of excellence and it was a very pleasing read. I highly recommend picking up for anyone who likes the Ember War Universe.
Good read, I still hear Tom Selleck in every word coming out of Jesse's mouth so when the reference to Selleck was made I was stunned & burst out laughing. More f-bombs than I think necessary but it's a cops world, not mine. I'll definitely buy book 3!
This was so much fun! Rina and Cannon are roommates/co-workers/best friends. When Rina decides she wants a baby her BFF agrees to give her one and sexy steaminess ensues. I loved their relationship. They were already best friends so their flow to more was natural and I loved that they laughed as much as the moaned. ;)
Nothing in the book that you either already know, or just ignoring. If you are ignoring the problem, you probably will not read the book. One mistake. The Spielberg move with the menacing truck was "Duel" with Dennis Weaver, not "Sugarland Express." A professional journalist and editor should check her facts.
Its a great book for memory improving. Learning content provided. Appreciating stuff. Great informative book. Recommended. Loving approach.
Just when he has you thinking what's the effin point in living in this messed up world, he ends with useful guidance. I'm gonna read his other books.
Great idea and wonderfully realized. Kept my attention from beginning to end. If you're a reader, will make you want to read more from the same author. I can think of no higher accolade.
I liked the premise of the story, it makes you wonder just how far mankind can abuse the planet before it eventually will not sustain life. It also seems to ask how much damage we could do before other beings might just decide to help us along the road to extinction so they could grab what resources are left afterwards.
The sensitive, emotional and descriptive short story tells of a dog's experiences in his life, and begins as an abused pup who dreams of safety. The sweet, twelve-paged tale sounds as if narrated by a young adolescent rather than a dog, however, the story deserves reading.
Good story. Read in a couple of days. Liked the characters. It was a believable story.
On the whole I enjoyed reading this series. Sometimes the characters drove me crazy and some parts where just weird,but I did read all four books. Have read better, but also some a whole lot worse.
I like ms. Vale's books, but have a bit of a problem swallowing all the situation s she puts her characters in. But this is one of those books you curl up with on a cold, rainy day and you have nothing better to do. It is easier to overlook all the drama. The character s were pretty likeable in this e-book. So that makes it more enjoyable. I give it 4 stars.
Although Matilda and Owen's story was short and sweet, I would love to have read more about them after the fact.
I enjoyed the book and like the way he changed time frames. Was always looking forward to getting back to the book and seeing what would happen next. I did not figure out who was doing what until the very end.
If you want to keto diet in exact way then get this book. its will guide you about that. Learning approach provided. Author give full stuff for that. Recommended.
Bradbury is inspiring in both his content and his actual writing. I didn't agree with his emphasis on originality, but other than that it was a great read.
this whole Series is dope. I think I fell in love with Ezra. such a different story. at first I thought I would be turned off by the religious nature of the storyline but it was very interesting. Give it a Try
This is a different kind of writing which captured me entirely. The scene is inside the bank where a robbery is in progress and just outside remains the police waiting to bust, but everything goes wrong and the author has a field day in portraying the happenings in such great detail. A good book.
This book has beautiful pictures. Bone broth is one of my favorite types of broth, and the pictures remind me of the delicious bone broths I ate in the Ukraine.
Im on the fence with this story. Kept me entertained and like the characters but the story is kind of missing something but always the one to push forward I will reading on to see if I'm right or if this turns into awesomeness
So horrible that I probably would never have started it had I known...a damn cliffhanger. I was wondering, it didn't look like there was enough room left to wind up all the loose ends, and there wasn't. I am annoyed.
I liked how full of suspense this book has. It kept my interest to find out what was happening next.
I like how the magic comes and goes. I like how society has developed alternatives to tech that work when the magic is up. I recommend this series if books to anyone into fantasy books involving witches and werewolves and other magical creatures
A little slow and confusing initially - a lot of names, relationships, and time periods to keep straight; but interesting concept and engaging further into the story
Great plot twists and believable narrative in this race to gain and control of all power and information from around the world
If you've read any of my reviews you know I do not give books 4 stars. I believe most books are between 1 star bad and 3 stars good. 4 stars are for great book. So you get how much I like this book. But the thing is the whole Spell monger series is four stars. This is a great series, and if you really want to hear something special buy the Audible books in this series John Lee (The reader) is fantastic.
was alittle slow to get into and sort of strange but I did enjoy it. A different kind of book, with a lot of heart.
If you want to learn about kanban then get this book. Its will guide you about that. Some important content provided. Loving stuff. Recommended.
3.5 stars. had a little trouble with details -- as I live with and am married to a person with the same learning disorder as one of the characters and I know first hand how hard it is to help and how often solutions aren't solutions at all. I also felt the characters were a little hasty ... the gay for you trope is one I like -- but I guess I wanted to see a little more angst. The writing was good though and maybe it was just me who had a problem. Kudos to a new author, I will read the second one for sure.
This was a very special story that made you feel good,but as also kept you reading to know what was going to happen next.
The novel Was suspenseful and well written for the most part. Sadly, it fell apart with a conclusion that become a standard cliche with courtroom stories.
This was a very intense and gripping story of kidnapping and murder. I enjoyed this book very much and recommend reading it.
I am a great fan of Ken Follett but did not enjoy this book as much of some of his others. I found the sea battles very long with perhaps to much detail.Some of the tortures I had to glide over. But I have to say it is a very well researched story.
Swords, magic, mystical explanations of all the various pantheons of gods, very bad guys, really good guys, and. Of course... those waffling good/bad types.. Lots of action and some fun things to think about.
Time travel in both directions from the current time was amazingly believable. Two people who have overcome challenges in their lives come together to help each other personally and help history itself. Enjoyed this story immensely.
This book gives Christian based, common sense advice for all kinds of life situations. I enjoyed the book and learned a few nuggets of common sense wisdom which I will apply to my life. If you are familiar with the Love Language Book you will recognize the advice to the couple experiencing marriage problems. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys self-help books.
kindle price to high
Emotionally written and well done. My only thought is that I would like to have read more of Ivy's ordeal that would have made the story more understanding for me. Left me wanting to know more.
Character development was so good! The storyline was moving and identifiable.
This book was really cute and funny and 100% perfect for a quick bedtime story .....I even read it in bed sometimes
A new series that certainly might continue from a very nice start. The characters are vivid and compelling, the story line fun and exciting. I would consider this to be a bit of a young reader series with a little more.
It is a sweet book that we love reading to him, even a year later. I really like that it involves affection in connection to bedtime.
This book was an easy read but was also an eye opener. I have been budgeting to get out of the little debt i have but have never thought about money the way the book describes. This book taught me to look at the way i live differently. It also showed me how dependent i am on money. Money that i “need” to pay for stuff that doesn't add value to my life. Money that i know have to spend to pay off debt that i got into from things that didn't really ad value to my life. Would defiantly recommend.
Mallory lands in Hawaii and sees Evan Ashford seeing off his latest conquest - promising his girl he'll call, text, & write, but Mallory sees right through his lack of feelings! She has her guard up and Evan is off limits....until...he's...not! They are so cute....tomorrow won't get here quickly enough!
This means with its help, your organization can stay ahead of the competition by providing you the correct information at the right time with minimal effort. You don't have to worry about looking for data in multiple places, or learning complex SQL statements to find out the business information. You will find it easy to deal with an increasing number of reports, dashboards and natural-language query engines which can be used by business users without any technical support.
The author has written this book with the aim to teach you to build self confidence, to lead to success and overcome struggles and difficulties and its written about self confidence counseling. Inside this book you will get useful instructions and counseling which can help you in making your life more fascinating.
Great read love the suspense in the characters will definitely keep you on your toes hope you enjoy the read as much as I did
The author here has been able to carefully shape and orient the heart of every reader to be engrossed and carried away by the quality on display in this work. Its surely one science fiction book that stands out. The story carries along some ancient characteristics of man and shows correlation with some of the things that are common to the present day man as well. Not many science fiction book will go to so much length with respect to details. This is surely a piece worthy of accolades.
This is a good book on keto diet.This book is a standout amongst other book about keto diet feast. This book talk about some flavorful, simple and straightforward keto formulas to spare time and cash. This guide spare time for each kitchen. I seek that is ideal cookbook after everybody. Weight reduction likewise from this guide content pursue. Appreciative for creator.
It was an okay story, but a little unbelievable.
love the series !! Hope there are more to come !
This is very interesting and I can't wait to get started on my way to being healthier and losing fat & weight.This is a great starter book for anyone interested in learning about the intermittent fasting lifestyle.I like the information given and I find it simple to follow.It is easy to understand as well.
Pleasant, quick read (not a novella). Some romance and an interesting plot...recommend for beaches and comfortable couches, for those who like the easy read.
For decades, this market existed outside of the reach of the average investor but technology has changed all that and there is no reason you can't get in on the action to generate significant returns in a relatively short period of time.
It was very good. It took a while for me to figure out!
A beautifully written inspirational story that unfortunately does not mirror real life. Keep your head lifted and your knees bent Weaver
The three stories are very enjoyable. The main distraction for me was the inconsistent use of titles i.e. some times they are a duke and sometimes an earl. Also sometimes modern word usage appears. The stories themselves had a little different twist to them and therefore, the interest remained.
The book had a slow start for me, but once you get into it, it's a griping tale, and gives the reader several insights, a) how the long game is played, how recruitment takes place, the motives in becoming an asset, the brutal consequences of getting charged by the KGB/ FSB and how one particular case lead to a remarkable turn of events. It's a true story that covers about 35 years.
Very original concept, and I'm something of a Sci-Fi buff. This author never ceases to surprise me with his twists - he's unpredictable and fun to read - some of his stuff has F bombs that add nothing to the story, so I gave it four stars.
I enjoyed this more than I thought I would! It was quick paced and the little ladies were hilariously clever and fun!
Bringing justice to a 40 year old unsolved case and a current murder. Friendship, loyalty to family and friends with aside of romance thrown in. Don't miss this one.
The Keto diet will show you all its benefit not only among celebrities, but common people who want to lose weight without putting their bodies in a starvation mode. It is a great and safe way to lose weight and it's an easy diet to start.
Takes you away to another place and time
This book was a good one. A few times it jumped around too much but I still enjoyed it. The only other complaint I have is the cost for a shorter book. It's less than 200 pages.
The most affordable, quick and easy recipe cookbook which has amazed me with a good variety of recipes and it is known as keto diet cookbook. Not only you would be able to make these recipes easily through given method but get advantage of reducing weight with the help of these healthy recipes.
Hot and fast-paced shifter romance that will fog up the windows. I will definitely be reading more from this author!!
The story was pretty gripping. Characters were all developed perfectly. You could feel you were in thier shoes at the points high tension
I have read all of the authors books and enjoyed them. I had a hard time keeping the characters straight. Perhaps I was too busy to concentrate. I'll take time later and revisit the book.
I'd read other books by this author and wanted more. This one kept me coming back again and again! Great author!
Great book to know about the learning of accelerate and great book on getting the hang of, planning for learning, and making a decent mental and physical condition for essentially what is fulfilling your objectives and as the creator notes, learning is the thing that opens your life, however it won't not be what gets you there and that is alright and book has many very good thoughts provoking and eye-opening points and there are so many books out there but this one is worth each penny and this book is easy to follow and can be applied almost immediately and the summary behind each chapter provides a quick reference guide to the detail involved and if you wish to learn or teach others to learn faster and don't have much time to read and this book is for you and the author pointed out some of the most practical terms and aspects how we can understand our memory working procedure as the way we needed to increase the skills and most importantly although the author writes this book from a scientific perspective it doesn't mean you have to be a science follower to understand what he is saying and also the process of brain functions and improving the skills of your brain activity.
It doesn't matter what they write it's fun and cheeky and so adorable... I love their works more and more each time.
This short story was a comprehensive view into Stephen Curry's life and an inspiring piece for any would-be basketball players. He has a great career ahead of him and I'm looking forward to seeing his performance in the playoffs after learning so much about him.
This was a good book. Easy to get lost in the story and definitely made me want to continue with book 2. My only complaint is, it wasn't long enough.
A great story, rich in detail, without being laborious. The proofing, however, leaves much to be desired. Words misused, wrong words used, and an abundance of commas improperly placed should have been found and corrected. I can't be the only one distracted and frustrated by the lack of proofreading in published books.
enjoy reading this book. Would read other books by this author. The people in this book seem to have problems that the average person will never have.
The story was slow at first. Overall great story and great ending.
This astounding book can teach you how to prepare healthy and delicious food without any efforts. It contains advice on losing weight, which really works. There is much in it I would not have thought of since I like food too much to diet, so this is very insightful to beginner dieters.
I found the book a fast and ascension scan once it involves managing alternative ways of victimization Mass selling Platforms in your business. The author incorporates a friendly, accessible tone, not lofty or chesty as is usually the case in these forms of tools. Terribly right down to earth and simple to know even for somebody new social media selling like my apprentice. Great book!!
The story premise is quite good but it would read more easily if more proofreading had been done. I did find it difficult to put down once I got into the storyline. Detective McKenna is a likable and determined character with an unfortunate past that I'm anxious to read about. I'm certainly looking forward to the next installment of her struggles.
Penelope is entering the marriage mart and has dreamed of her future and being married since she was a young girl. Ryder is a cynical owner of a gaming establishment. They meet at a ball in a moment of happenstance. Ryker and his brothers and sister have strong bonds and an interesting dynamic. Penelope also has strong ties to her brother, sister-in-law, and sisters. She is a strong heroine that takes action and tries her best. This is an enjoyable book mostly set in St. Giles, a dark and seedy part of London.
A well developed plot....a bit far fetched but OK Worth the time.
A mother's worst nightmare, well written and gripping, I didn't want to put it down. Really enjoyed the strength of the main character.
A good read, kept me interested, Turning my kindle pages quickly!
Excellent overview of the history of Bitcoin, several ancillary businesses and the people involved. An excellent recent history of Bitcoin and the major players involved. A must-read for anyone trying to educate themselves on this development.
This book was really well written . . . I liked this book . . . . . . .
Sweet love story but very short. Would have liked to learn more about the characters and the story arc developed more
Always a great read from Mr. Locke. I have all his books.
A good little read that provides an interesting alien/human interaction that leads to love and a puzzle that has to be solved.
I just found this short story after finishing book 3 HELLBENT in this series so thought I would go back and catch it. I love this series with Evan Smoak, aka Orphan X, aka the Nowhere Man but this story was way too short - 22% of the space allotted for it. The rest is a preview of THE NOWHERE MAN. I liked the story but there was nothing earth shattering in it so unless you just HAVE to read everything about Evan I wouldn't necessarily recommend buying this very short story.
Hugh Howey makes you care for his characters and the world they live in. He crates a dreamscape unable to forget.
I love follow up stories. Especially when it ends with a precious baby. This story had me laughing so hard. A strong macho man being brought to his knees. I really wish all men could feel the pain of labor.
This was a very good light historical romance Darcy Burke has improved in her describing the characters would definitely recommend reading
Enjoyable read. Fast paced, adult and exciting. Very difficult to put down. One observation would be that the erotic descriptions were unnecessarily too graphic. Whilst in context, they bordered on pornographic.
Things seem to be looking up for Leila...quirky roommate, new apartment. You just have to overlook the guy that moved into her old flat. And all the weird ramblings in town. If you can.
Formulaic but agreeable. This one is a bit dated now but holds together. I'll read a more recent one and see how the author and her detective evolve...
I really enjoyed reading your book and will continue to read more of your work.Looking forward to the next one.
The comparisons drawn between the times of Ahab and Jezebel and Bill and Hillary Clinton were intriguing. The author's closing comments were right on. Can't really say there was anything I really didn't like.
Reading this in Florida, I Had to use Google Maps to get up on Australian geography. Enjoyed the book a great deal and could visualize the characters well, thanks to the author's skill in describing them and the surroundings. I didn't ‘t figure out the killer until the end.
Weight Watchers Freestyle Cookbook is very easy book.Weight Watchers Freestyle Cookbook is very important for people. I reading this book very easy book. I would like to take this chance to say this honestly. You have made a correct choice in wanting to learn joy to grow your wealth through the stock and financing to learn how markets. In this day and age, it is my humble opinion that having a job is no longer a sure-fire way of securing a steady retirement. I chose this perfect guidebook for all. Thanks for the Creator?????
I enjoyed reading about the bravery and struggles of the personal lives of firefighters. I gave the book a 4 due to several grammatical errors. Other than that it was an interesting book.
well written, engaging. Viet Nam was wrong in so many ways, with the exception of the bravery and performance of the American G.I.
A great crime thriller about a cop, a reporter, a serial killer and an actor. Once I started reading, I didn't want to stop.
Another great Andrea Johnston book. Lucas is sweet, charming, thoughtful and hot. Whit has been through a lot but thankfully she has great friends. I love books with great friends. Loved how Lucas and Whit met. Loved the road trip. Loved the sweet gestures. Great HEA!
Some of the writing was a little stilted but overall it held my interest. Good humerus parts to make you smile
Finn is on a mission for his mom so far she has sent three of her five sons on a missions and they end up finding their fated mate so now Finn has to. But he not sure she will except him because she is a fire mage you know a witch and witches and dragons don't get along. But first he wants the help of these witches but to get it he has purchased their magical forest and they want it back. So enjoy the read and see if he gets there help and if it all works out for them ! !
This book is awesome. I slanted such tremendous quantities of effective things from this book. Fundamental book yet very elegantly composed with genuine models. In the event that you are money related master this isn't for you since it distorted couple of things. Be that as it may, in general its great book. I was truly shocked by seeing what number of basic proposals gathered in such a short book. Maker finished a sensational action. I'll undoubtedly recommend this book to my friends. Thanks to author.
The only reason I didn't give five stars was it became highly implausible ... a good read, but just too far off the deep end.
Feels like Johnny is transcribing a lot of it, but it's funny, sad, and ultimately insightful. Totally recommend it. Write on, bloke!
Frank Harper is at the end of his career in law enforcement. He just wants to make peace with his daughter and meet his grandchild. But when two small girls are kidnapped Frank struggles to stay out of the investigation. Interesting characters and plot twists and turns. Could have been a bit shorter as some repetitive descriptions and information. Would read another in the series.
I enjoyed the fun romps in the first book and they continue in this one. Looking forward to future installments too.
I liked the fact, you had to read carefully as things changed so fast. New characters, changed areas, but always something moving ahead.I love the way she prepared for different events that could change outcome.
Easy to read, good story.
Made a good case and gave practical advice for breaking anxious thinking. Was a short book. Comes with a study guide.
Freya Snow Book 1 is a cool book with an autistic main protagonist, which is the first of its kind that I've read. That reason alone should be enough for a lot of people, but if you need more there's plenty of magical lore to invest in, interesting characters who are only touched upon here, and at least ten more books in the series to read.
A Great book from Ann Brown. Very easy to read and understanding . thanks to Ann for this outstanding book.
It has an interesting story line just wish we could have a big more detail about the history of the world and same background
Very much enjoyed this quick read. I have read the whole series and love to check in & see how the others are doing as well as get a new chapter of another couples lives. Grace & Bear had a rocky start, as most of the couples on the mountain do, but eventually found their way through the twists & turns. Hopefully, there will be another installment (maybe Jonah) soon. A few minor editing misses but nothing that was a major detraction from the story as a whole.
I am a great fan of this author but for some reason I did not connect with the main characters. The plot was excellent and there were plenty of chapter cliff hangers but the characters lacked conviction.
This was actually a better read than some of the previous books, which I still enjoyed very much. Without giving spoilers, it had some trials and troubles to show that not everyone has it easy no matter how good you got it. The ending was smooth and fell along with the general feel of the book. An easy read... and enjoyable.
Fun to read, amusing, interesting. The pompous inspector came from the rescue in his own, unique way of solving crimes.
I like these books. I can honestly say I'm kinda sick of the baby sister cousin crap. In every book I read I feel sorry for the men and how they are treated. Especially Aiden, Nobody deserves to be treated like crap by their mate. She's actually cruel in the way she treats him. This book? Loved! Loved Grant and Loved Ellie.
I actually bought this by accident haha. However, the book was really good and I would recommend it to any entrepreneur or person interested in leadership.
I chose this rating because the book has a lot of good information. However, it felt a bit elementary. This is a good book for someone that does may speak without thinking or has poor communications with a partner. This book very general to listening and does not have specific section for work.
Very interesting and entertaining story about a troubled police detective and several murders of people around him that increase his anxiety and cause his superiors to doubt him. Full of surprises.
The story continues. Just as exciting and thrilling as the first. The romance between the two is getting hot. We are starting to get some answers, but there are still more questions than answers.
I began reading the first book in a sample and was hooked. I think it will become a standard for people who are dealing with loved ones dealing with addictions. We all have someone who is dealing with issues it helps to see all sides of the problem.
Paper printing is good.
I love the until series and this compilation of the books is a good way to catch up on the series. Besides being filled with Alpha males and their sweet counterparts, each book is also filled with drama and suspense to keep the storylines moving. There are certain times that I rolled my eyes but overall they are short, enjoyable books.
Wonderful writing! Painted beautiful word pictures. Full of mystery and edge of seat possibilities. I could have lived without the gut wrenching visuals of the violence and mayhem of war. Can't wait to find out what happens next. I have already bought the next book.
I really enjoyed this book. It has suspense that will keep you on your toes and good comic relief. Easy to read as well.
Bitcoin is a digital currency and a cryptocurrency. It was created to function as a medium of exchange using cryptography technology to create and manage it. There are plenty of books on this subject on the market, thanks again for choosing this one! Every effort was made to ensure it is full of as much useful information as possible, please enjoy!
again, a 24 hour wonder. I will never trust Sweden folk again!
This book was ok, worth the read, but took awhile to get through it.
Considering all the stories about werewolves out there, there would be another one that was different with unexpected twists and turns..
Nothing this author has written has been a disappointment. All completely different and unrelated but a great read none the less I would recommend any and all of his books as a great interesting read and well worth reading when you have a free day or two to just relax and enjoy Happy reading
Book reviews are subject to the viewers likes and dislikes so what I like may not be what you like. that said, I liked this book
This is the only translation I've read, so I have nothing to compare it with. I'm glad I read it, you can see where his ideas have contributed to Western Civilization and how his ideas were ripped off by everyone from Biblical writers to the US founding fathers. The style takes a bit to get used to, it's all in the form of a long-winded account of an overly polite conversation instead of a concise manifesto. While it's kind of annoying to have to shovel through that much prose, it's hard to image how else he could convey the nuances of his ideas without all the literary devices and chatter, some of which is still pretty funny. The introduction was informative. For $1, you can't go wrong.
With a wonderful twist and a very special ending that forever seals the love that both Vaughn and Carter share.
Good information, works! Needs to trim the testimonials significantly. I have lost 40 pounds an am now off of insulin. I have committed to making this a lifestyle program.
It was a good sweet and sexy losing your v-card plus finding your mate story. It was a bit too short for my liking. I still recommend it
Tom & Jill are back! Yes the couple from Slaving is back and now it's Valentine's Day. My third read from author Allyson R. Abbott. I got this longer tastefully written book back in November of 2017 & am just getting around to reading it. I've enjoyed both books I've read by this author & will definitely read more by her. (RIP Marley January 20, 2014 - July 24, 2018).
Enjoyed this book, and you will also. Just do not plan on putting it down once you start. Recommend this book.
Well written and good content book. Just awesome logic and suggestion here about how to talk dirty! If you take it and also follow so you will learn that. I hope that's perfect and I recommend this book.
Brings back many memories and thoughts. Loved the story as it playes out like a Dan Brown classic. Amazing read for any Old School Gamer.
It's really amazing book.this book lots of information it's very quality.The third eye is perhaps the most mysterious, powerful organ in the body. i read this book it is very easy to follow. i recommended this book.
As a Christian I purchased the book basically to comprehend what Wicca is and isn't. In any event now I can have a wise discussion with somebody who accepts along these lines. It is useful to know where another person is coming from.
Good story, if a bit juvenile. Nice character development, it draws one in and makes one part of the story.
I enjoyed the story...except it left me wanting more...thus the sequel
This volume follows right in the footsteps of Vol. 1, no surprise. This is the third such book in the series, after Beginner #1 and a volume aimed at Intermediate Learners, all of which have been enjoyable and useful as supplemental learning material.
Kissing the Captain is a sweet love story but I thought it was a little unrealistic. I'm sure romantics will enjoy reading this book.
I Enjoyed all the unexpected twist and turns. I was surprised by the ending. I never saw it coming. I will read the others.
After reading Promise, I had no clue what I was in store for. I knew this was going to be a second chance romance, but I had no predictions on how everything would play out. I really enjoyed this book. I read it in half a day (maybe less). These characters and their story is everything. I knew I was going to be in for a treat right from the start. I love Brooklyn and Drew. Their push and pull in this book will make your heart ache. Two people who love each other with all of their hearts, but their push and pull is everything. It makes for what I hope to be a happily ever after that much better. (I need the next book pronto so I can get the rest of this book.) I want to say that I feel sorry Wes. Almost. I didn't get much from him, but maybe that's the point? He is present but absent at the same time, so it's hard for me to feel much for him. I don't believe that his love for Brooklyn is an all consuming love like Drew's is. Although, I am kind of hoping he at least fights for her in the next book. My heart physically hurt at times for Brooklyn and Drew. Between their denial and their back and forth, the angst was almost too much at times. I thought I was going to combust. If you haven't picked this one up, I highly suggest that you do. Leigh never seems to disappoint with her books. I have yet to be let down.
This book contains all of the basic information any beginner who is thinking about adopting the ketogenic diet needs to know. But that's certainly not the best part! Within this book, you will find 100 scrumptious lunch recipes that will be sure to keep you energized throughout the day. Thanks author for creating us a new book for all of us. I would highly recommended to read this book for everyone.
Becoming Quinn is the book that gives the back story on how Quinn came into existence, and became The Cleaner. This book cleared up details that are found in other books in the series.
I enjoyed reading this story. A very good storyline and great characters. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys cozy mysteries.
This book has everything you need to know about awakening your third eye. It provides different techniques of meditation to open your third eye, learn ways to enhance the power ability of your third eye and the advantages when you have your third eye opened and much, much more. This book has every information you need. Will definitely follow the guidelines and mostly practice the better explanation and concise instructions. It's a really recommended book for those seeking to understand more about what the third eye is and how it can improve your life.
Read for my Book Club. Interesting and unusual with some surprising insights.
This book is quite simple to understand. Among all the stock's investment, high dividend stock's investment is probably the only easy and low risk way to get returns. Timing makes all the difference.
A good mystery read from the beginning to the end
A tiny bit drawn out in places, but if the author did his research, very informative reading. Book moves along very well!
I chose this rating because its an important book that as many people as possible should read. Therefore i appreciated that it was offered in a cheap version, but that this didn't mean it was full of typos. However, it claims to be illustrated, but that only refers to some very tiny thumbnails at the end.
Good book. Disappointed I didn't purchase the physical book which has nothing to do with the seller. I
I enjoyed the book, it held lots of surprises
It's refreshing to find well written books . So many books through unlimited are very lame and amateurish. Some have so many typos and misspellings that it is a chore to read them . You , on the other hand are an inspired writer. Your characters are well thought out and creAtive.
A great knowing content. Loving approach. Appreciating content. Author give full stuff. Enjoying content.
I enjoyed the characters and the action in book seems it could be possible and i liked all the tech references also i throughly enjoyed this book
Almost didn't read it; thought it might be a little tame ... that would have been a sad mistake! Now I've discovered you, I shall read whatever you write. Thanks.
This is the story of a serial killer active in a small town in Maine. Smith has a taste for the macabre almost as if he is trying to shock the reader. I found the whole small town atmosphere enjoyable. Smith seems to have panache for fast foods like burgers and donuts and they feature frequently in the story. He also tends to bore the reader with his passion for antique wooded boats. I did find the police investigating the case to be rather bumbling and ineffectual.
Great fan of love stories will enjoy the series. Finding true love is always worth the risk. Keep the faith.
...this droll comedic romance is a great way to pass the time. The understated humor and multiple storylines are very entertaining.
This book put to rest my previous remarks that the earlier books in the series we're to cute. Boy ol'boy did the last couple of chapters go dark. I did like the plot twist foe Elijah. Getting better and better.
Full of good information. Much of it is common sense and some training methods that are tried and true. It's hard to follow ALL of the tips for training and not feel as if you are doing nothing else but puppy training and sleeping. However I did find the book helpful and I return to it often for a refresher.
Overall I enjoyed the story. Although descriptions of characters was vague, I could picture them in my mind. At first the story flowed well, when talking about their traveling & getting acquainted. In about the middle of the book I was confused. All of a sudden they were back in Kansas & at the church for a wedding. It was as if the traveling was done. Them further into the chapter a snow storm slowed their progress.
Well written and smart content book. Simply impressive logic and suggestion here regarding the way to talk dirty. I voluntarily scan and reviewed this book. I conjointly bought my very own copy as a result of I beloved it such a lot.
Very interesting, enjoyed it. Now ready to read the next book. Will done, ordering the next book now. Thank you
What kind of English speaker writes, "...her to whom he had given his heart,"? Subject, object, who cares? Or, should one say "whom cares"? Oh, dear, all these pesky rules. Or, "He was unwittingly surprised, " as he knew he was surprised, then , was he reluctantly surprised, too dim witted to know he knew he was surprised, or...was the book translated from another language by a translator of limited ability? OK.So, having gotten that out of my system, yes, it was a more engaging and believable book than book #1 in the series. At least, though credulity was stretched, this was much more fun -and the "spy" business had rather less focus on it in the story development- more focus on detective investigation of private citizens- so it seemed less silly. The romance aspect was rather nicely done, actually. I'd say don't bother with the first book, go for book #2 .
This seems to be a theme in recent entertainment of mythical characters who almost always look human but are a type of fairy. The book is good but seemed predictable.
I really enjoyed book #1, The Birthday List, and I equally enjoyed reading the follow-up novel, Letters to Molly. They could be read separately, but I recommend reading them both and in order. I read a LOT of books, and so many of them just blend together and they don't stick with me for too long after I read them. Not these two. I have already been recommending The Birthday List to my friends, and now I will be telling them about Letters to Molly. Letters to Molly is a "romance" about a married couple trying to heal their relationship. I would categorize these books as romances, but they are more than that. They are two stories about life, family and friendship.
This book teeters on good, but the pace is so bloody quick that you can't properly process what happens before the next thing does. The romantic angle is especially rushed and feels cliche at best, the couple barely know each other for one day before they're head over heels in love. I can just barely say I like the book cause there isn't enough to really know entirely
I liked the main character, a fisherman, because he was not impressed with himself. He was drawn into situations beyond his control and did the simple right thing.
This was a fun read and I have enjoyed reading it. I love the way Lila was a wild child and how she became a responsible adult. The love they had for each other will last a life time.
The Clara Andrews books are such fun – now with the incredible character of Janie the mother-in-law who is more like a troubled teenager in the house. The characters and plot are so intriguing you can picture these being made into a chick-flic movie!
If it were not for the amount of glaring errors, I would have given five stars. The stories were interesting and enjoyable. The characters were believable. Liz has real talent, but she must employ a good proof reader.
I am intrigued with this mythology. I liked the characters, I just wish this story was longer it seemed a bit rushed.
It's a cute and fast children's book. The pictures were cute as well. I bought this book for my collection as an easy reader.
I have been skeptical of finding a series I liked as much as Harry Potter. Harley Merlin captured from the first few pages I read. The characters are well thought out. The settings, while not as descriptive as I would like, compliment the expansion of the plot. In all if the first book is an example of the series is well worth reading and getting hooked on.
Another great book and more of the original characters. We final get to read what is the begin of the next book.
This is a book that follows the same ideas as the Five Love Languages. The information is practical and to the point. Learning how to apologize on the level that a loved one or co-worker needs is the first step to repairing a damaged relationship. There are no guarantees that the person will accept the apology, or forgive, but working to understand the issue and meet them where they are is the first step. This book offers very helpful advice on repairing estranged or strained relationships within families as well. I would recommend this book for those looking to repair hurt or damaged relationships.
Sad this was at times not KA style no chemistry but the love between Margot and everyone was everything! She made this book for me it's 3.5 -4 stars cause of Margot
I loved learning so much more about Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand.
I really enjoyed this book, Tru was a pretty good character. She was a bit naive and pig-headed at times, but overall she was a good character. Jake was so complex, I wouldn't have thought the issues with his dad would have caused that level of self destruction, but I'm really glad he was able to find his way out of it. The drama was over-complicated, but decent. Tru's actual reason for extending the drama was a bit silly, but the ending was good.
This series is an original Takes place in modern day times with all the modern stuff thrown in Yes, a little off the wall but fantasy is supposed to be!
This book will have you sitting on the edge of your seat.
A bored married couple wants some extra spice in there life. The want to add an extra man into their life. Things get interesting. Must be extremely confident of your relationship to do this I'm thinking. Some miss understanding happen. Then it gets ironed out. Um heavy sexual content.
I liked the first book, I loved this one. Maybe because I'm a Demelza fan. But the author does a nice job of getting into each character's head and describing complex emotions and thoughts and outlooks. And that goes for male and female characters. Especially impressive to me for a book written in the 40s.
Maeve always tells a good story. She always has a real mix of characters. Never boring.
I love James Thomas and the entire cast of characters! This story picked right on up from the last book, providing closure to several side plots, and laying ground for future story lines. One thing that was extremely irritating was the lack of review and grammar corrections needed. Very disappointed since having to mentally correct and edit sentences, words, and grammar tends to detract from the story. I hope the editor does a better job next time.
Well written story about life in India and what some people will do for power.
Loved the book..characters were strong
First time reading from this author and happy to say since this was a page turning with new and exciting things on each page to keep my attention, I'll happy to read more from this author. Never a dull moment. POV's from Ruby, Eddie, Paddy and Vampire King Dominic. The start was a bit rough as in her mom is drunk from drugs and alcohol and her strange men will go to her 19 year old daughter Ruby if her mother knocks out, so the start is Ruby waking up with a guy's hands feeling her up Waking her up and then momma does something to push her daughter away for good.....
What an interesting story with lots of twists and turns. Finding the truth can sometimes be the most painful but also the most rewarding.
Like the others, this is a pretty good story and nice for a change of pace for me. Keep up the good work!
A great book. It has a lot of action and steam. They have an odd story but love concurred all
Ok, the concept was very good in that it was a take/cosplay on the Outlander books. The interaction of the characters was very good, but getting the main characters together was soooo slow. Very disappointed that the story just ended (total cliffhanger), which meant you have to pat $4.99 for each of the additional books in the series (ok, the first book was free, but the other 3 are $4.99 each). Major disappointment since each book is UNDER 300 pages. Not everyone can spend that kind of money. Figured out that there will be a standoff between Austin and Randy at some point with Randy being put in his place, but it will be in another book that I can't afford to get at this time.
A very vague title for a meaningful book. Reading this book helped me work through some of my own relationship issues
Very good read, will open your eyes to other things in the Bible.
This was a good read..... I like the character. Just a bit drawn out for me, or I would have given it a five.
I cherished everything about these books, they have unraveled numerous inquiries that were befuddling me, truly opened up my mine
Although the plot is not original, it still drew my attention. Duped by a former love our heroine has a one night stand and gets pregnant. Entertaining, it kept my interest until the end.
Awesome lead up to the main battle. Battle was less than expected with a really unrealistic ending. Series is getting tired.
Enjoyed the way this story was written. A evening nicely spent.
This was a great read. Loved the main characters!
I'm not sure there are good guys just our guys and the unwanted guys! Our guys are bad guys but that's ok. The women are strong and the men are tough but protective of those they love. The book ends satisfactorily but it also sets up the next book but without a cliffhanger. It's a good gangster book with a good love story included.
A great set of questions to get you started on your journey. It helped me understand why I was failing to achieve my most cherished goals.
Great ideas and a great inside look at the Healing Stress, Anxiety, and Depression! I'd recommend it for anyone struggling with Naturally, Permanently.
Well written. Plot well developed. At times a bit unbelievable.
It was a fun read. I liked the honesty the the relationships of the three women.
I have taken a fair amount of Italian instruction in my life, but as someone who doesn't use it often, I find that I have forgotten many key terms, phrases, and concepts. This book is great because it covers a variety of topics and situations in which you might need to use your Italian vocabulary. The sections are separated by type of information in clear headings and everything is very organized and accessible.
Exciting, attention grabbing suspense. I really enjoyed wondering where each character was going and where they were taking me. If you enjoy the paranormal this book is for you.
An interesting mix of stories here, chock full of curious characters, set in situations that will make you think. One of those books that will make you wonder what led the author to think of the ideas present.
Good book!Easy directions and makes the best ribs, chicken, smoked sausage. All the recipes are very healthy and delicious. Recommended !
There was something very unique about this story. Even though it was reminiscent of Twilight with a shy awkward teenage girl who meets Mr. Amazing, the girl in this story is equally amazing and is just now finding out all about it. This book also took me back 20 years to high school and all its' ups and downs. The adrenaline rush and nerves before every event instantly came back to me. Awesome book!
The DASH Diet is a comprehensive plan for leading a healthy and happy way of life and improve your well-being in literally no time! This is the diet to follow for the rest of your life if you're obsessed with the life expectancy.
Good read although character development was a little shallow.
Alistair and Louise. This was a really sweet story. Instant attraction between these two. Loved that Louise was always staring at Alistair and getting caught. Even though was a novella, I got to know each character in the right amount of time. Very well written.
This intermittent fasting guide for weight loss is helpful for me. It provided a clear and concise guide that you can easily follow. The tips are so effective as well.
Enjoyable read will more than likely purchase other books by this author.
I enjoyed reading about the main character Dan and how he handled the present situation.
Enjoyed this one. A couple of nice twists.
I used my kindle. It was a really good read. Loved the writing style and the story. I had pretty much figured out how it was going to end about half way through but it was still very worth the read.
I liked the way it started as it grabbed me and I did not want to put it down. It was somewhat shrouded in mystery! The writer set the stage for unraveling the story!
This is a very good read. ANN GROVE is a brilliant writer. She really draws you in and makes your hair stand up on end giving you goosebumps as you dig into her stories and get to know the characters of her books. She will always have you on the edge of your seat wanting more! Well done, Ann Grove!
Not to mention assault and domestic/emotional abuse. I liked the H, not so much the violence, and the h was okay. I had a greater appreciation for her when she didn't back down and found the courage to make her outer strength match her inner strength.
These months were important In the history of our nation as well as important for the world. There were so many events packed into these months, it is hard to imagine the weight that Truman and those advising him must have felt as they navigated through foreign and domestic issues. I liked the use of diary entries made by so many in these meetings. Primary source material helps bring the reader into the room, feeling the atmosphere of the time. I would love to have seen pictures of the Berlin areas that were visited during his time there.
Dana & Axl, their love is strong and undeniable, while there are quite a few ups & downs including a terrible tragedy that tests just how strong their love really is. There heartache between Dana and Axl as each pushes the other away. This book was truly a great read and it kept me on my toes. Can not wait for more to come from Scarlett
This is a good book that a lot of information for losing weight and information on Weight Watchers. I think it is an extraordinary cookbook. Great book with great recipes. Thanks author for the book.
Seen is a highly emotional about a young omega and the abuse he suffered. Kell is charged with his alphas murder, Ronin is the defense attorney for Kell. The two work together to figure out who murdered the alpha and to bring justice to Kell. The storyline is emotional with disturbing references to abuse and rape. The character Kell also exhibits signs of PTSD. Though the characters are fictional the subject matter is note worthy.
A.nice collection of stories. All.of the women were desperate to leave their current unpleasant circumstances and start over in a bare,place. None expected to find love with their new,husbands. Luckily all the men were not only kind but readily forgave the,mail order brides for not being completely honest in the beginning. I would give it 4 stars as the end results were so predictable.
I like the couple of stories by Milly that I have read. I did enjoy this story. But, this desperately needs a good editor. Desperately. It seems like she just pounded this out and didn't even do a reread to check it out. There are two male leads and you often can't tell who is talking, including Harlow, the female lead. I had to reread paragraphs to figure it out. Paragraph breaks make no sense in several places. Only a few typos, yay. I really hate to be negative because authors usually work hard to deliver a good story. But I am paying money for this. I will continue to read stories by Milly in the future.
This book was well written and very full of action. It takes place at a particularly horrible time in the history of Kenya. But it is seen through the eyes of a young girl who has returned after being away for 6 years. a good book but not fun to read.
Holy crap what an ending!!! Jennifer Malone Wright when is book 5 coming I'm dying here!!!!! If you haven't started this series I highly recommend it. Characters you fall in love with and fight with!
Story was amazing. Ending could have gotten there much sooner.
includes all the elements you want in a grrreat read - read it you won't be sorry ---
This was very helpful,i really liked it! This was the greatest thing i could buy for my start to playing the UKULELE.
Kind of came together at the end a little too neatly. Still a good premise.
Brilliant. A little prodding at times. Characters not well developed.Translation wooden in many places. But so clever and such a great story.
Enjoyable. Well written with not too many characters to keep track of. Fast read and held my interest til The end.
I enjoyed diving into the Alaskan landscape. The beauty and wonder depicted was done wonderfully. Ben and Haley were good together. A sweet easy read that I hoped would lead to HEA. It did and I'm so glad I read it.
While the plot for Second Life intrigued me, I found that it became predictable as to who the "villain" would be and how they fit into the story. I did finish the book, something I do not always do when that happens!
This is book one of three of Ms. Taylor's treasure hunting series. Definitely a good read. Lots of action, adventure and romance from Australia to Italy to the Mediterranean.
I thought it was a great story! Love triumphs over evil! I hope to read the other two books in the series
I'm glad to have taken this leap of faith into Gibson's work. This is definitely one of my favorite reads of the year so far.
It was short but it was good but some of the words were a lot confusing the read and follow
An excellent read. You actually the story is true. And again a point of reminding us that child trafficking is taking place all over the world. Received the book free from amazon
This short book is a flash-back to John Cronin's time in South America fighting against drug traffic. I had a hard time sorting through the various characters that come and go quickly with little description. Not up to the usual standards.
An easy and pleasant read with all the action any one could expect in a pirate story and romance novel.
Good and entertaining reading
Hector was a beast but a softy when it came to Mary. I like that Mary was no slouch and stood her ground when others thought she was a softy. Not as good as the first book but still good!
You will enjoy reading about this bride and her adventure going west to a new home and a great family.
unbelievable story. We do not recognize how blessed we are in this country
50 Barbecue recipes in this book.Multi-time best selling cooking author and influencer, Olivia Rogers, shares with you some of her most popular BBQ recipes. With over a million readers and subscribers to her blog, the recipes in this book are the most popular because they are the tastiest and easiest to cook. Not only that, but before she put this book together, she tried and tested each recipe with thousands of meat lovers worldwide who have all given their tick of approval.I highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed this book, the characters are fun and quirky and funny. I loved Reid 's family even though they named him Reid 😉.This story had me laughing, sighing and it touches your heart.it's a really good read , I really enjoyed every single character and I really hope we get much more of the gang. 4 stars for me, which means really good solid worth your time read.
This is one in every of the foremost useful books. Emotional eating attenuated into layman's terms and each page is chock filled with insight and data. All the knowledge are quite sensible and effective. I really like this book.
Kinda reminded me of Stand By Me for some reason. It captured my attention quickly and was a fast read. I've already recommended it to other people.
I found the tale a bit rambling at times but it was all tied up neatly in the end, making the winding paths seem necessary.
I enjoyed this series so far. Josie is a believable, and complex character. It really was hard to put down.
Rushed book - not as nuanced as the others - but a fun catchup on the characters
Loved this but don't like it being interrupted in the middle of the storyline and then I have to buy the next book to see what happens.
Lose yourself in 3 delightful novellas with swoon worthy heroes. There's nothing like reading a quick romance to make your day better. These authors are veteran romance storytellers, (Donna Hatch is one of my favorites). You won't be sorry you bought this.
The quality and outcome of the meal when prepared with a ceramic smoker and grill is unique. many dont know of this uniqueness but this book allows you to enjoy the great taste of each recipes . The recipes in the book can be applied by a first time user and there will be no regret.
This book is really a well written.Everyone who will read this book will get pleasure to read this book.There are lots of valuable information on this book. The writer done a great job on this book.Read more
This book follows Andrei as he escapes from being prince for a little while and stumbles upon Hannah as she's dancing. Through a series of events, they wind up getting closer, knowing each other better, and forming a bond that Andrei's bear is all too happy about. I liked that it wasn't an insta-love type of shifter book. There was room for growth in the characters. I also liked that Hannah was strong enough in herself and personal beliefs that she didn't waver. I don't think I would have liked the book as much if she did. My only gripe with this book is that the ending felt kind of rushed and left quite a few things loose ended. I have a lot of questions that I felt needed answering. The second book of the series is set to talk about Andrei's sister, so I'm hoping that some of my questions will be touched upon in that book.
I like books that grab your attention right away. That carry you beyond the confines of reality. And allow your mind to pick up on things you would not expect. And the best part is how they leave the endings wide open for more...while standing alone by themselves. A well written compilation and satisfying read!
A beautiful romance story. It's a story you don't want to put down. The one character is disgusting, and so is his fiancee. Always looking for camera's instead of what's important. Otherwise it has good characters and a good story. Recommended for romance readers everywhere.
Fun and easy read! Surprising twists with every page. I read this in 2 evenings. Definitely a page turner. Enjoyed it!
This was the kind of book that you just had to continue turning pages and getting up in the middle of the night to see what would happen next. Beneath all the lies, truth had to prevail. Great form but a bit busy, from everywhere. Just when you need a Q there's none to be found.
My boys laughed at this cute, silly story. No complaints here. Give it a shot.
Very good book. I like it very much!
A must read for college bound. This book might help them find another way to avoid the debt trap and give them courage to take a leap of faith and find a few adventures.
I enjoyed this book. Liked the idea that Katrina was strong will and and could protect herself and try to protect her mates. Not only that, she was smart also. Milly, like your books. Thank you for another good book.
The plot moves on. I came close to putting it down several times. To avoid spoilers, I'll just say that much of it was not a pleasant read, but it was not inconsistent with the first two books in this series. I will not be reading any more of them.
It was a good story, but ended weak
In this book you see Bleu and Sinclair become united. He is with her as she goes through the death of her father. They have decided to try for a child because get changed are declining for a pregnancy through her. You feel a kinship with the way Sinclair's family has taken to her. Off for the next book.
good read and interesting
An interesting read to learn and understand cyber security hacks. I feel glad to learn these proven tips and techniques. So this is a big value addition in my career.
I thought it was helpful to read about these three men in one story.
I have read all 4 books on this series. While I have always wished for more background info on the characters, these books we're all enjoyable. I look forward to what Willow and her friends are up to next. Recommended. Quick, easy, enjoyable read.
Fun mystery with side dish of supernatural and romance. Also like the family involvement. Something relaxing to read and enjoy.
Good to have a great meal plan with this Ketogenic Instant Pot Cookbook. I always enjoy discovering new fabulous of Keto recipes which I enjoy this diet most.
This story has many great elements as well as art. I found that I was pulled into the story quickly and wanted to know more and more about Maggie and the creepier following her. I am definitely going to read the next episode.
This demonstrative guide book is basically written to teach you about the seven steps that you need to master inquiry communication skills. You will learn through this guide book how to ask the questions themselves, to plan out your conversation in advance. this is a complete guide book to deliver accurate guidance, appreciated writing.
Good book with sound and biblical principles. A bit of a run on with examples after examples. I lost interest towards the end, but the younger and unmarried men in my group seemed to have gotten a lot more out of this book than I did. So I guess I would highly recommend this book for that particular demographics.
This is a light mystery to read. This story has mystery, twists ,turns, surprises and romance. I enjoyed reading this story.
Great book. I love the characters and the fact that it deals with issues. I can relate to both main characters. Realistic writing from Gayle. Wonderfully written.
There is no official BLE cookbook, and if you are endeavoring to do marvelous line eating, don't waste your money on this.I would see this book as an extraordinary course of action at twofold the cost . Keep up the huge work. This cookbook will empower you to get fit as a fiddle and get confidence.
A good read, this book kept me going.
This is a good basic book to help people start a blog quickly. It does not go into huge detail but gives enough information to get things up and running at a good pace. The author writes very well and even offers to help any reader who needs it.
As one of the many who favor the Colonel Fitzwilliam character, I read the reviews a few times before buying and I'm glad I did. You want to make an informed purchase as this variation VARIES. Having challenged myself to handle the contrast to canon and other variations, I found the author made it easy to--as another reviewer said--set aside my normal expectations. Frankly, it wasn't as bad as I feared. Overall, I enjoyed the story and will read it from time to time.
I chose this rating because of the ending I thought the book was very good and hard to put down. The twists and turns were unexpected. The reader could not anticipate the truth of the story. Hope there is a sequel.
I literally could not put this down, I read it straight through. It kept me wanting more. I felt like I was there watching the story unfold.
Author has a way of breaking things down so that it is very practical which makes it super easy to incorporate IF smoothly into your daily life. Things like this should be handled not as a diet but lifestyle change. The concepts are broken down in a way that's easy to read and informative.This book has a ton of information into the history and science of fasting.The author gives us the seven most popular methods of Intermittent Fasting and explains how to use it to get better results from exercise. In this book I found lots of helpful information about Intermittent Fasting.
The recipes are so simple. I love finding and learning about the new ways to eat healthy and if I can still eat the foods that I love that is a huge bonus.
My favorite vampire private investigator, Jimmy Black, meets challengers for his position as Master Vampire of the City, while looking for a powerful vampire who is killing people, turning them into new blood thirsty vamps. Lots of exciting action. Excellent UF read!
I love mythology. Here the gods become people. You would want to hang with them, and you will want to read about them!
Just not what I expected. But very enjoyable. Loved it!
I wanted to just have a no brainier read amd that exactly what this was. Like a spoonful of sherbet to cleanse my reading palate. A chance to step away from reality into a princess dream.
Keto Vegan: Essential Guide to Healthy Lifestyle and Easy Weight Loss. The style of composing is direct, and it makes things clear and simple to understand. This book is an extremely useful guide with a phenomenal scope of formulas.
This book is perfect for any person who doesn't have much time to set up their suppers. I discover this book consummate as indicated by my family taste, do acknowledge to the writer.
I ordered this book because I enjoyed the Hyperion books. This book is nothing like those books, but was interesting anyway. I had never considered the obstacles and challenges arctic explorers faced in the 1850 time frame given the state of the technology then.
Though I didn't enjoy this quite as much as some of Dan Walsh's other books, it was still interesting and informative. It didn't seem to be written much above a junior high reading level, and the plot was almost totally predictable, but I still enjoyed learning about service dogs for Vets and the invaluable help they give to the vets who need them. It was good to learn how much effort goes into getting these dogs ready for the job they were chosen to do.
This is an interesting lecture. The idea of only working four hours, to ensure that the working class has the ability to enjoy personal leisure time. Russell's idea that a lack of leisure has a very deliberate and debilitating affect upon the working class.
Captured my interest from the beginning and did not disappoint. An interesting take on the bomb that ended World War II.
This was a great read. I really enjoyed the characters and their development. This read was recommended by another person and I look forward to other recommendations.
How hard it must be to provide a synopsis of such a great man like Benjamin Franklin . This short but informative book did so in decent fashion . I would recommend this book to anyone who desires an overview of Benjamin Franklin, America's first citizen . Well done hourly history!
A great quick read. It's full of action and drama. Plus a lot of steam and a happily ever after. I received this book as an arc and this is my honest review
I did not think this was as "great" as advertised. Pretty average to me.
The twists and turns piqued my interest until the very end. It's easy to block the past when you don't understand it. A new grown-up perspective can reopen doors that have been closed.
Patterson weaves a well constructed mystery and a good read..
Recommended read to anyone with a ADHD or who have children with ADHD. Also helps with any knowledge wanted on the topic. It was incredibly encouraging, and the examples throughout were so inspiring!
Superbly written with an envious use of the language, the authors tackle the life of a demanding parasite. Everyone near Van Gogh suffered from his unjustified self righteousness. I enjoyed the progression of his works from what looks like elementary drawings to the complexities of his masterpieces.
This book is helps keep my 2 years old granddaughter entertain. Although she doesn't read she points to some of the pictures and says the word. Not a five star because some words are not together with the pic. Not sure if a glitch or on purpose but not useful for at this stage
OMG isn't Darius hot! I'm gonna purchase the rest of the series as I'm itching to know how Selena handles it all.
Please put this in audio I need to keep listening to these practices!
Set in the near future. The plot moves along at a good pace which made it a quick read for me. The characters are not overly developed which leaves room for their growth in future volumes. Many possibilities.
The beginning of this book had too much detail about the lighthouse. From the point where he has serious second thoughts of his actions on, however the story is riveting and keeps one asking, "what would I do?".
Enjoyed this book. Well written ,but like a lot of books, needs a proof reader. Lot of mistakes Mike. Sheila
A short story about how a policeman and his female partner follow up on a disturbance call and get sucked into a paranormal murder. The story grabs you from the start and keeps yah hooked until the end. The prologue is just enough to keep you wanting more.
It was just ok.thought I would like it more.didn't like the heroine.Will read t next 1
Interesting approach to weight loss.
A different kind of read, but good entertainment. New twist on the what's wrong with this house. Some parts will leave you a little sick to the stomach,but hey isn't that what you wanted?
My 2nd favorite Wilde book
Loved the suspense on these two teens having a bit of amnesia mixed with a little supernatural theme. Good book.
I have enjoyed this series but feel it has come to a natural end. The storylines and characters have kept me Interested and engaged with them.
Some stories didn't connect well .. They seemed to wander off subject... Too wordy trying to make descriptions. Some stories were better written and held my interest
This is a great short story! As with most of these " World " books, they would benefit from a bit more story. This book has lots of action, romance and brotherhood. I will be investigating more books by this author.
I Love noelle Adams ,when i saw that she will do a fairytale trilogy i know that i need these books. Charlie and her cute bear are so lovely together that i am signing ar all the reading. Great story
It was a quick read. Yes, you know who the main character is going to get with; however, it kept me guessing in other ways. It had enough sexual innuendo to make the story good without being raunchy.
This is a cute read . I don't always like romance ,but if you add a good dog in the mix it's a good story. Short and easy to put down and pick up anytime,.
Nice clean story. Would have liked a bit more interaction between characters . A bit of a slow start but nice story.
It was a quick read book, didn't want to put down. I wish they would have inserted the excerpts I to the book and not at the end. Otherwise it was a good book, not great, just goodd
Great advice.I have been using this book in training my young lab pup and have shocked people by the results at such a young age. I would recommend this book to anyone who needs a service dog but can't afford one.
I am patiently waiting for part 2
Was a good read. Gives an American a glimpse of British life. Had lots of terms and phrases that we don't use, but could easily figure out. The dry sense of humor was very appealing to me.
The book was really good and I was amazed at how one woman stood by everything she believed in.
Good historical fiction
This is part one of a three part story. This is a well written first part that really gets the story started. Sucking you in and making you ready to read the next part of the story. The best part is you don;t have to wait. The other two parts are out. The characters are well developed and the storyline is exciting, making you turn the pages as fast as possible. I received a free copy of this book via Booksprout and am voluntarily leaving a review.
Unsure about the recipes. I will have to try some of them and see how it goes... not convinced yet.
I love the writing of Stephen King and this book was no exception. It wasn't one of King's better books but still well written and enjoyable.
This was a good short story,and a great deal of action in it. Although most people don't know how hard it is to make sense in a really short story the author has it.
What may lie dormant in our lives...comes to fruition in this novel of intrigue and humanism. A truly unique tale.
I liked this authors writing. The characters were believable and strong. A really good plot. Something a little different. I will read other books by this author.
It's a good read and a good time killer for those who to have hurry up and wait. Well I finished reading and plan on getting the next book.
Enjoyable family saga from the late 1930s through to current times. If you enjoy family stories, particularly the rags to riches type, you will like this.
I found the recipes and each recipe is well-instructed as readers can follow easily. I love this cookbook.
The book flowed, I was carried along in the story, can't wait to read the next book
This story is as sweet as southern tea and just as amazing. It is one of those feel good stories that you don't want to leave. Can't wait to read the next one!
Basically, there are 2 books as the author said. Yeah, I got here to books but the thing is one book is divided into 2 parts. One is all about Anger Management basic and another one is about the anger management techniques and tips to stay away from it. It's a well-written book there is no doubt and a lot of information with an understandable way.
Laura was completing her purchases for the orphanage she had grown up in from the age of 4 after her parents death. She had been lucky because Mary the mistress of the orphanage had hired her to work there after reaching the age where she should have been put out in the world to make her own way. Mary wa d strict and had no good feelings for the 12 girl orphans at all. Laura did her best to protect and show the girls love and care. As she stepped back in the kitchen she was told by cook that Maury wanted her in the office. After stepping into the office she saw a well dressed lady talking with Mary. After the introductions were finished she was shocked at what the lady had suggested. She left the office with fear and wondered about her future and one of the orphans coming with her.
This book is full of healthy recipes. This diet is very helpful.
This is the first book I've read from this author - it is a great read with some surprises i it that catch you and have you reading the book until the end - I read it in one day I couldn't put it down
This is the second book l I have read of Emma's, and I have to admit that I am looking forward to reading many more. I love the fiesty women and their families, also that these books are so different, l read a lot of romance stories, and too often have found l could be half way through, pick up another book and think l was still reading the previous one as they are so similar, there is no chance of that happening with these books Emma has written, refreshing!!!!!! 😊
Book was good, I really liked the story. But, some parts I felt did drag. I would recommend as a good beach read, keeps you interested.
During the cold war people were given some training on how to react. In this day and age we are more divided and therefore more vulnerable than ever before. This book is a warning, it does not have to be prophecy. Americans in general have been encouraged to let others take control and tell them what to do. If there is no telephone or internet to follow, would you know what to do?
Lots of good-looking recipes! Just the kind I would make. Haven't tried any yet, but definately will.
I loved this book so much until the very end. Ending did not see, to fit. I had to double check it was the end.
It's really outstanding book. Comparing this book with other book it will be foolish, because you can find the exact information in this book, I'm pretty sure that you will not find any book like this one , It will be very difficult. I highly recommend this book.
A love story included with all the excitement a princess and Prince would adore. Almost too much a fairy tale come true but why not! Christmas in Colorado is a perfect setting for a love story.
My favorite bro so far. He never knew how treasured he was until he met the right woman. The heroine bugged me a bit as she was too flighty but overall, I liked the book.
I like books that keep me guessing to the end. I'm sad to say this one did not. I hope the next Fisk novel will be better than this one.
I love the book because it shows that the abuse can affect everyone not just the person it happened to thank you for doing this book
Ms. Scott shares lots of cookie recipes in this book. Chocolate chip, M&M's, and Nutella to name a few. This will be a handy book to have when you are hungry and looking for something to do. Can't wait to try them!
The story is creative and intense and captivating. The characters are all intertwined and interesting. This is a great story by Barbara
A short and easy to read book. It has good ideas and techniques to help you overcome procrastination.
Good writing and detailed nothing like the movie if that's what you are expecting but character development is much better than on the screen. Disappointed at first but was a really great read
A dark and twisted story full of angst and unexpected twists. I do have to admit I enjoyed the first part of the book more then the rest of the book. Nina started to annoy me at points.
Done a wonderful activity. This is a great book for anyone fighting the concern that I have taken my thoughts. Will probably prescribe this book to my loved one. I really appreciate this book.
I enjoyed this book. It made me think about service differently. I had not been aware of the class distinctions.
I found the story contemporary and realistic. I thought the characters had many dimensions and I cared about them all. Nicola Moriarty is a great writer, this is my 2nd book by her, and won't be my last.
A mini-vacation to Ireland with a strong, independent heroine.
It was very good. It was easy to read and I don't want to put it down, always wanted to know what was going to happen next!
I very much liked this book. A light and fun read. Drawn in from the start and keeps going the whole way through. Can't wait to dive right into the next in the series.
I enjoyed reading this book, all the character came to life. It consumes all my free time. Can't wait to read the next book.
If you enjoy reading about mail order brides you will enjoy this book. This was a good clean Christian book with excitement and suspense.
Jett is the oldest son,he will step into the president spot of his mc when his father retires or dies.His confidence in his life and value are put to the test when he injures his right hand and won't be able to ride his bike any more.Prison has changed him in too many ways ,can he over come ,keep his woman and be the leader he needs to be.This is an older man/younger woman story.I liked the story and where it might not be right for some people,all I can say is "try it,you might like it" .I did,and I did.
What a charming book! The characters are well developed, the plot is intriguing, and the setting was ideal for the story. An enjoyable afternoon read.
Easy read with relatable characters and fast pace. Anxious to read more books from the series to immerse myself in this great world created by the author.
What do you get when you have a workaholic bartender and a surprise innkeeper each with secrets? Why trouble of course, just not necessarily the bad kind, if only families, exes and the past would give them a break.
Out of the multiple times that I have tried to get into programming, this has been the best so far. While he does say at the start that the first half is for the newest of programmers, it is still a good refresher. I'm 2/3rds through, and while the formatting on the digital version has been horrible, the information has not been, so the formatting is really my only qualm about this. Pros: -Good walkthrough -The pace is fantastic -Solid for complete beginner to somewhat familiar with programming syntax. Cons: -Digital formatting -Could use more friendlier explanations when explaining things, though it could be from the formatting.
I like this series a lot. We get to keep up with a large group of characters without getting too tangled up. You don't need a scorecard to keep up.
Good book just a little too dark for me
I skipped through beautiful descriptive prose and prismatic relationships to connect the first chapter. It never fully happened, but the reviewer took care of that and way more...summary, analysis, historical context and short biography. I came away feeling quite ready for a final exam on the reviewer's Rebecca.
I enjoy each of Abrahams's books. He has a keen eye for vivid detail and nonstop action. I'm happy to see that Marcus Battle is slowing down a bit with his vigilante vendetta in this one. On to book 6!
This was a very "engaging" read. Although there's no mystery about the eventual "union" between Abigail and Sir Nicholas, their "rides" along the way were very entertaining. The book was an easy read with lots of "hot action" to keep the reader anticipating the next rendezvous. The blunt ending was the book's only downside. In my opinion, a HEA is reflected best when there's a wedding between the main couple or couples.
Interesting period account. Accuracy of events may have been embellished somewhat, but if so, it has his account of life and customs very plausible to this reader. Very good read!
Do we get a second chance at love? A chance meeting. Several missed opportunities . A good book to read at the beach.
The book keeps you quite involved, and many times we forget does are not real humans... Still, it is a feel good story.
This is a very helpful and useful book. If you want to learn Kanban, then it will help you a lot. Providing proven tips and steps. Recommended.
Cute... one continuous saga. It reads like an old-fashioned story, very conscious of the sensitivity of the "female" propensity to be easily affected by duress, but allows the main character to control such problems. Easy reading and entertaining.
There is aways a twist in the story. I love the characters in this series.
I'm going to preface this review with a word of caution: read this book with a grain of salt. If you are not open to homeopathic healing, this may not be the best book for you. But then again, maybe it will be. This book offers a difference perspective on your health and healing process. It is written in a conversational, but almost thesis-like tone. Examples of the case studies are provided and the personal sentiments of the author are very clearly present. That being said, I appreciated the perspective that was presented. I am not sure I would agree that a cancer patient should ignore their doctor in place of naming their tumor and talking it out of being there. (I actually find that slightly concerning and dangerous.) However, I do believe we are too dependent on medications for a great many things in today's world and seeking a new means of taking care of simple aches and pains are always intriguing. For minor issues with your health, I can see this as an interesting approach to self-healing where medications either fail or are overkill.
Great read - good info
This book is so informative. Has clear knowledge about healing anxiety depression. This book is really amazing and useful book. I am impressed with the wealth of knowledge that the author imparts and found the writing very entertaining as well.
not the best Orphan X, but still a really good read
Was able to be educational, realistic, and entertaining all at the same time. I only wish it was longer.
Pretty good....read this book with a dog as the main character, in honor of my friend Edie, who always loved to read books with dogs as stars.
Long awaited destined ending Luca has to choose family or love Mina was stuck with unanswered questions from the only person she ever loved Will happily ever after still exist for the two wounded Will fate step in one more time and separate them forever
Wilbur spent too much time reliving his life in print. I love him as a writer because his stories are wonderful with great variety and never dull. His use of words require keeping the dictionary close. He has the ability to make the reader see what in their minds is actually happening and believe it. After reading his books, it is hard to settle for books that seem to be put together mechanically by machines.
I'm not sure if I'm going to read any other by this author but it was ok, a bit slow
The title of this book does not fit into the story. A Billionaire businessman that is afraid to let the woman he is interested in know how he feels was a little unbelievable. I loved Toby most of all. Libby and Mason finds themselves in a difficult situation after he tries to intervene on her behalf. They get through the situation by mere coincidences. Really didn't understand why the people trying to help had to die. They were Mason's friends from a different place in his life but he showed no compassion when he heard of their deaths.
I enjoyed the plot and characters of this book although I wouldn't call it a real page-turner. I appreciate the Christian themes.
The story made me snicker, laugh outright, and cry several times. The differentiation between the werewolves and lycans is very creative. The plot is imaginative and clever. Characters are captivating and their development makes them easy to love. There is plenty of room for stories of several other character. This is what I liked. What I didn't like was too many things that needed editing. The story was good enough to stand proud without the swearing and descriptive sex.
This is a cute, different take on the cozy mystery. The town's human residents live side by side with faerie residents, and the main character tries to solve a mystery that involves both sets of residents. The editing errors are no more prevalent than in many e-books, not sure what the other reviewers are talking about.
In his previous book Tom rescues a British national and falls in love with her, her name ,is Vick. In this book Vick gives birth to a baby girl Melissa. One day Tom stands up to some bullies bothering Vick's uncle Ken. The bullies dad is a thug and arranges for uncles Ken's house to be burn down. Vick happened to be staying at the house at the time and died in the fire. This book is so loaded with action and of course you know Tom will never allow the lost of his love to die down. Read to learn the exciting details.
Keto recipes eliminate the sources of carbohydrates that make up the bulk of traditional Western diets-grains, breads, pasta, starches, and sugars. It emphasized the meats and other proteins, as well as relatively low-carb vegetables and fruits. This cookbook brings together the best of the keto and pressure-cooker worlds, giving us a multitude of delicious meal choices to make a healthier, happier eater.
This book if for individuals who like reading about true adventurers, who risked everything to explore and exploit uncharted parts of the world. Well written and compelling.
This is not your typical Love story. He is dark and scary at times. Well most of the time. When I hit the cliffhanger I had to jump on book 2... Really good if you like your hero not so much a hero :)
Great book. Hard to put down. Not sure it all aligns with its premise 100%, but still a great page-turner.
Good book. Started slow but got better as it went along.
Talk about drama these people In say the men stayed on that good bull shot it was refreshing to read a different story line e for one great writing read fans the drama was real!
A worthwhile write and read. Thank you! This has been my first John Grisham book. More to come I hope.
This book is full of surprises as current and past murders and mysteries unfold within the pages. I had a hard time putting this book down and look forward to reading any new books in this amazingly intricate series.
The short chapters made this seem like a very short book. Yet I felt I knew each character well by the time I finished.
Extraordinary Book, very much clarified a ton of genuine models, one of those books that the more occasions you read to it, the more you benefit from it.
From the characters,the storyline,the family connection and the bits and pieces that gave a peek of all the characters in each story made it a real family affair.
After checking this book out, I was actually quite surprised to see all of the different types of vegan high protein meals you can enjoy. The recipes are very easy and the directions are understandable.The book started out by briefly explaining what Vegan diet is all about. What kind of nutrition you can get from a certain food. It's quite helpful in the sense that whenever your body lacks something, you already know what to eat. It also discuss different benefits of implementing this diet to your lifestyle.The ideas are brilliant. It is great for packing healthy, yet delicious breakfast, lunch and snacks for all. What I like the most is the Vegan Mac and Cheese and the Savoury chickpea curry because its too tasty and full of flavor.. I would highly recommend this book to people looking for healthy food.
A historical romance that is well written with nice story line and plot. I like it is true both in events and language to its time period. The characters are well described and likeable. They develop nicely through the story. Can love overcome what fate throws at these main characters? They have a lot to fight through before they can get their HEA. A mix of drama, danger, passion, twists and emotional ups and downs makes it worth the read. Recommendable and captivating read.
Through reading I learned that Keto Diet is one of the simplest strategies that can help you lose fat, gain muscle and live healthy. My journey began at the end of February 2017. I only researched for a few days before diving headfirst into this eating style, so most of what I've learned has happened along the way. The book is a good buddy to be near with.
Something deep inside every one of us want to find an easy way to make tons of money, this is almost a fact, but you can't really blame anyone who have this thought at least once, it's just a little wish inside us who want to make it real, but life doesn't work that way. Let's get this straight to the point, this is not a revelation to the secret formula for making people rich in a day, none of that. This book will aid you to find long-terms goals, for you, your loved ones and more. The tools and insightful information provided here is pure brilliant, how practical can you be when we are referring to money, and how easy it is to understand everything, take notes and move on, seriously this book captivates me and it makes me realize a lot of the problems I'm dealing with, hard work really pays off, but you also have to work in a smart way, read this book and reach your dreams.
This is an exceptional book about the horror of grief and loss. Or perhaps it's the deranged ramblings of madman who has murdered his wife and child along with an innocent bystander. Burke does a masterful job in Blanky of using every parent's worst nightmare to drive the story in one direction, only to pull the rug out from under the reader once it becomes clear that we are dealing with a possibly unreliable narrator. I loved the mysterious, ambiguous ending and posit that you will be hard-pressed to find more haunting nightmare sequence anywhere. This is some excellent horror writing.
The story is a great and is a seriously addictive page Turner. I couldn't put this book down till I got done with it and I know you'll probably be the same way.
"End of the world as we know it" book.
I read this book with a feeling of nostalgia. I enjoyed it and recommend it to others who remember those slower paced mysteries.
The following chapters of this book would teach us everything we need to know in order to start taking advantage of this burgeoning field successfully. First we will learn about what bitcoin is exactly as well as everything we need to know in order to get started on the right foot.
Great to have a book that focuses less on the financials and more on how to enrich your retirement. There are certainly some techniques I will use to help me in my transition to retirement.
I enjoyed this story based on historical research by Erik Larson. I had to keep reminding myself that story events actually happened. Good read.
This air fryer cookbook perfectly complements the air fryer kitchen appliance I already have – I even don't have to change the directions and settings to make them fit the cooker. It stands alone as a wonderful go-to, yet can be used as a manual together with the book that went with the air fryer from the shop. I'm sure I will go back to this recipe book over and over again and get the most delicious meals from it. At least I do now.
Taboo romance that was written so well! Loved it and can't wait for more from this series! Please keep writing!
Good book with an interesting take on faith and fate. Definitely has strong Christian values, so if that's not your thing, be warned.
Reading this book will make you wonder if this could possibly happen. Yes I believe it could.The set of books are exciting even though a lot of blood is spilled.
I knew this was story that the movie "Panic in the Year Zero" was based on but it goes much deeper. It's two short stories on the plot and it went down a path that caught me off guard. If your someone looking forward to doomsday give this a read. If your like me and enjoy survival fiction its still a must read. Mr. Moore has written two stories with a twist, well worth the time to read.
Ryan Becker not only tells the tales but takes a hard look at the motives behind them. His research is amazing.
This one has it all. It's sweet, romantic, with a good dose of angst, and best of all great characters. It had me chuckling out loud at times and then other times my heart ached and my eyes would glisten with tears. Though part of a series, it certainly can stand alone. Another nice story from Tracey Alvarez.
This is a great story with various dragons, elves, and only one human! There is great character building. The only objection I have is the amount of detail in the descriptions of everything in this world. I got distracted from the story itself because I tried to skim through some of those very descriptive pages. I enjoyed it very much other than that. I'd also like to point out that there is a pronunciation guide in the back of the book. I would have liked it in the front so as not to struggle with the unique words of this story. I highly recommend it and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. I definitely want to read the second book in the series very soon.
A little over the top and drawn out but enjoyable a little scary that the human race was dependent on a lawyer and a camper full of geeky hippies to save us
Always like stories of the back country, Crazy-White-Man was no exception!
Good storyline and very engaging writing. Somewhat predictable end but still very enjoyable.
This series is a roller-coaster, can't wait for the next book!
Love books with characters that have mental abilities and bonus for the gay romance subplots. The main characters were enjoyable to get to know in that they were flawed people but still trying to do the right thing. The main plot thread to uncover the ugly truth behind the Community was handle fairly well. Wished for more in the climax of the confrontations between the opposing sides but overall still good. The mental abilities were awesome without being overpowered or overplayed. I wouldn't mind if more books were written in this world.
Excellent story. Really unusual. Loved the Curator and the dogs. Can't wait for more.
I enjoyed how the story line wrapped up. Started out slow, but it picked up pace pulling you in deeper. Thank you.
Great to have this book !!! Because The tips, tricks, and techniques in this guide will serve as the perfect introduction to persuasion and then you can start influencing everyone around you and exerting your new powers.
Read this book! It can be read as a stand-alone but it still has some cross over characters from the other books. Annie is by far the strongest female out of all the books. I loved her spirit and how she was able to soothe her mates while still being herself.
A little too many stories in which the author appears as a hero but overall a good description of this agile methodology. I would have included more details on how to implement the methodology. Last chapter is very high level.
Great job with this short story, I really hated how it ended wanted more lol. Really enjoyed getting to read your Tide series books Anthony.
An enjoyable fantasy with dragon men and secretive cultures. The only thing that kept me from giving more stars was what a poor researcher the h seemed to be for such a star reporter. I could understand if the information was lacking or in error but for her to skip it because she didn't think it applied to her didn't ring true to me.
Well told story of a close knit family and the struggle to grow up and assert your independence. Love this family.
Vampires, wolves, witches and humans. Oh my. We have a police story, multiple murders and a love story. Made is an old vampire and the head of New Orleans supernatural community. Sydney is a Philly detective. How can this work?
Now we have the story of Dante. Quite a journey for him and Melody, a friend of Elizabeth's, who they had asked Dante to bring to the haven. With a world gone crazy because of the flu this is a story of their struggle to get to the haven.
Fun concept story of EMS response for paranormals. I like the funny 'extras' and different takes on fantasy creatures! However, even though I'm a registered nurse and have worked in various healthcare settings, the 'medical' is a bit much. Too many words and special explanations are spent on med administration or symptom assessment that distracts from the storyline.
Zach was a sexy, brooding, tattooed motor cycle riding specimen who worked in a lumber yard. With a body that proved it. He was emotionally closed and because of his bad boy appearance, got plenty of women to use at his disposal. Now that trait seems to turn some readers off, but what they neglect to realize it that he could not use these women if they were not throwing themselves at him. An unattached, uncaring man will take easy sex if for nothing else than a release. As Zach says, those women pretend they want a one night stand, but in morning's light they can't face the truth. What they really want is to change the bad boy into the man of their dreams. Not going to happen. That's why he was so intrigued with Paige. Yes, it was evident that she was attracted to him. However, she made him work to get the panties. He had to take her out a few times before she gave in to her desires. Not just that, he wanted to know more about her than just how she acted in bed. Zach and Paige were made for each other. I hated that she had to deceive him, but at least she was looking for the truth. I figured out about Blythe and her mother early on so that part wasn't a surprise. I was happy with the ending of this story and look forward to reading the next installment, which was free at the end of this book! Woo hoo!
Good book for the basics of how to be a gentleman. Every guy should know these things, but unfortunately there are circumstances that prevent them from learning it. Easy read.
JD.had good looks, a confidence about himself, yet mother's would warn you to stay clear of him, Did Stephanie listen, he got her involved, she kept saying no. Lacey a friend and roommate, warns her. 18 years later Andi was to meet with Lacey had information about her sister and was a no show. She had been murdered, what information did she have. A letter to Will's cousin in jail, from her, saying he wasn't guilty. A look at the facts, would he get off death row, he doesn't remember that night at all. Good plot as you look at the evidence. Someone trying to kill Andi, for merchandise that the true killer wants. No one knows where, will he murder again, trying to find it. Good plot and you like Andi, and Will wanting answers.
This book had discussed everything about Raspberry Pi 3. Everything you need to know about Raspberry Pi 3 is discussed in a simple way. I got my questions answers from this book and it really helped me a lot for getting a better understanding about Raspberry PI 3 .
This journal gives a graphic description of the savage warfare between the Soviets and the Germans. It certainly rings true as I compare it to other books on this subject. This is the only book period, where this soldiers account of rounding up the Jews in the Ukraine by the SS squads and where just machined gunned down, men, women, and children. This soldier describes it in a matter of fact way although it seemed to be disagreeable to him(not enough to protest though). I am willing to bet that if he lived that after the war this would have been edited out. The book does leave the things up in the air as he apparently was killed sometime in 1944. For readers on this area of conflict the journal describes the battles and daily life on the front very well. Thanks Doc Rich
On account of these cakes my necessity for starches is highly decreased. These desserts are fitting for everyone who watches his slight figure. You can cook any baked good using this cookbook chocolate captivate sweet fat bombs waffles, treats or dessert. It is definitely not hard to seek after any equation in light of the way that the method written in detail. I cherish books like this where there are astonishing photos.
I'm wondering why more wasn't written about her adoptive parents??? I'm not adopted, but I find it curious that a grown woman had such a need to have such a close relationship to a woman she barely knew. That she wrote about Betsy as though she were so wonderful. What about her adoptive mom, did she not get much love from her adoptive mom? She said she did, but doesn't seem like it. To be honest if I were the adoptive mom or the siblings she grew up with, I would feel hurt. I feel this story was lovely about Betsy but I'm confused about her adoptive family.
Highly recommend. The story of the youngest brother in the crime family Caleb did not disappoint. Who new the gift of Faith would lead to acceptance and love
Could not put it down and stayed up all night to finish. Sexy Pirate Reverse Harem goodness. Skipped around a bit in the beginning but I like the story over all.
Very good read a little bit of back and forth but essentially the plot was all there. How the elderly teach us the value of life when all they seen was destruction.
I had a hard time getting into this book at the beginning but about half way through it picked up. I really enjoyed the characters and the story line. It was a good shifter romance with a bit of a mystery, suspense and drama thrown in. Well worth the read and very entertaining.
A good mystery, somewhat Far-fetched at times
This was a really good read. Entertaining and engrossing from beginning to end. Parts of it felt a little rushed but will hopefully be explored further in the sequel. With an ending like that, there has to be a sequel!
The story in and of itself is great, I didn't care for all of the characters as to why exactly, well if you read it you'll see. That said, the story did pull me along and I was chuckling through out. Overall this book is an easy read and I rather enjoyed it.
I have enjoyed this entire series.
The story developed at a steady pace and held your attention. The characters had chemistry that made you cheer for their success.
This series was really fun to read. Got into the characters and what was going on in their lives. Will definitely be reading more of these.
Filled with heartwarming stories, reimagined bible stories and faith filled words; this book will encourage you. Instead of going bitter from life's problems, you will be reminded of God's amazing grace, kindness and love
Claire is unusual and inspirational. I love the way she clings to her faith through some stormy times. I was captivated by her story.
Love the setting and the characters. Such a unique world has been created here and I can see many great ideas for future books. For a debut, this author has the rare gift of being able to paint a picture without getting bogged down in superfluous language. I was able to visualise all the settings which is something I struggle with sometimes, and considering the crazy universe this is set in, it's no mean feat to get me to effortlessly see through the authors eyes. It took me to another world. Easy to read, but a complex and fun adventure.
Kept me guessing throughout book. Ending weak as pretty improbable
Love the disclaimers throughout the book 👍🏼 For that I give Wanted By the Devil 4 Stars and Hunter 4 Stars.
This story breaks my heart. I want to wrap that poor baby up and protect him. No child deserves that hurt
The Margo Durand series is a very nice read. Nothing too scary or gory although it does seem like a dangerous small town to live in. The boxed set takes you from an introduction to the main characters and area moving through a few odd locations and additional characters as the series continues to the end.
I found this book about the Keto Diet to be very helpful, as consuming a diet in healthy fats has shown to be beneficial to health. Highly recommended this book!
Well researched Excellent read
I enjoyed the main character and her charisma, but especially loved the old aunt to whom I could relate.
For those who like all the loose ends tied, very satisfactory. Just no startling surprises. You can enjoy in just one sitting.
Loved the history, the intertwined relationships. Loved the Irish and loved the realistic characters. Stayed up late cause I couldn't stop reading!
Ended funny is this going to gone as a series
INK is the first book I've read by Elizabeth Hunter. It was a simple love story, but very enjoyable. Emmie was definitely a "bookie". She spent too much time in her head. So glad Emmie didn't get involved with Adrian. There wasn't a lot of drama and angst, but a good read nevertheless. I would recommend this book. It kept me reading to the end. Maybe Melissa and Cary's story should be next. Just a thought.
I loved this book and I enjoyed the plot and the ending was really good. I would definitely recommend this book to others to enjoy as well as I did
I could see this story coming from the first time that Nick and Ruby met in the prior volume of the series! I'm so happy that they got their own book! I was pretty ticked off at how Ruby's friends and family all pretty much just abandon her once their meet their mates. Especially her sister! They were struggling to make ends meet when the two of them were sharing an apartment; why in the world would Trixie think that Ruby was doing okay on her own? I was also quite unhappy with how badly everyone treated Nick. Even after he fell in love with Ruby and tried to turn his life around being a good guy in every way he knew how. That they had to flee the city in the end was especially not cool. The intrigue of this tale is quite wrapped up in some of the other stories and players in the series, and it appears that there will probably be more entanglement there. Things are certainly getting interesting in this series!
Light reading to while away the time. Love to backdrop and charachters
Elusive was exciting and fun. There was enough closure at the end to feel satisfying, but it's clear that there is more adventure to come.
Lots of useful information and examples for writing. I just wish it was a little longer.
In this book , you deal with the issues of family, it's disappointments, struggles and the decisions you make as part of it
This book goes from zero to sixty real quick! Sophie is a shy virgin college student who works in a coffee shop. She anxiously waits every Tuesday for her crush to come in, a well-dressed older man that she knows nothing about. Low and behold, she goes to the student health clinic and who is her doctor? Sexy Mr. Coffee! One night he breaks up her dinner date and takes her home to introduce her to some of his skills in the bedroom. They begin dating despite their age difference and funny things with her BFF and sexy times continue. Mix in a little angst over the reappearance of Dr. Sexy's ex and it had the elements of a great first book.
A really good book about surviving disaster. If an EMP should hit, are you prepared? This book outlines some folks who are and some who aren't.
In my opinion this is a very good book to start acquiring knowledge about swing trading. The book is focused mainly on technical analysis but there are also basic and useful tips on the fundamental analysis. If you are new to swing trading this is absolutely one of the first book you have to read. This is an excellent starting point for someone new to day trading. It says "Beginner's Guide" in the title for a reason. The information is clear, concise, and well presented. Very little fluff with a lot of good information on how to read charts, candlesticks, trends, and patterns. I found the information on candles to be especially helpful.
Finance and health are two tricky subjects to discuss, but there's a lot of deep insight here that provides real value. The healthcare industry has its flaws, but there are a lot of valid points made about the roles of companies in providing their employees with tangible benefits to improve their personal health, and the ripple effect it has on the healthcare system as a whole. He lays out a lot of clear ways to understand a company's healthcare plan and where the opportunities lie to create something better that keeps employee wellness as a focus.
I am hooked. Now want book 3 Surprised at how into this bill and book 1 I got. Not my style typically but well written so hooked!
There are many new salad recipes that I never tried before even never heard before like Black Rose Salad, violet salad. good thing is that i have about hundred recipes right at one place.
After reading the great reviews I decided to purchase a copy and I haven't been disappointed. There is so much value packed into these pages! Mr. Thompson does a good job covering the history, benefits, FAQs, what to watch out for, foods to eat and avoid, meal plans, and recipes. What more can you ask for?!
I could easily like this book but it drug along at times It is a captivating story and characters are engaging. Will have to see what happens in the next one
I didn't enjoy this book as well as the first three books, however I am still interested enough to continue reading the series.
I would recommend this story for anyone who enjoys cozy mysteries. This writer has a great fun way of writing. The only real issue that I have with this book is that the editor didn't do their job; there were quite a few mistakes throughout the entire book. Just overlook the editing mistakes, and enjoy the fun!
Hate to be required to review. Why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
Truly enjoying this storytellers gift. Again a wonderful new view of the classic tale and an engaging story as well, I am excited to get to the conclusion even though I think I know how it all ends, the journey there will be so pleasant.
This is the first book in the Leah Nash series. Leah Nash is a newspaper reporter who, due to unfortunate circumstances, has returned to her hometown. After covering the murder of a nun, she returns to the paper to find out that the nun had left her a message. When the message was left is anyone's guess because the receptionist is a bit lacking. The message is also vague. Its a newspaper article regarding her sister's death. Leah decides to start looking into why the nun left her this article and the more she digs, the more questions it raises. As she continues to chase after answers, it seems that no one is happy that she is looking into it. Will she find what she is looking for? Is the truth worth it in the end? I found this story a tad slow to start, but it picked up. I couldn't put it down at that point, I had to know what happened. I liked it enough to continue with the series.
dog gone good by golly very fine story hope your paper comes out Cheerio and the girls are spending Friday in the mornings
The stories about 5 Brother's and how they grew up on a ranch with 2 very unhappy and miserable parents. Now they are grown up and finding their way through love & life. There are mysteries that come up about a lot of important & life changing things. I gave the book 4 stars is because there was not enough affection or sexuality............we want more!
Author does a great job of developing her characters and the plot. It reads well and holds your attention. I enjoyed the story
Stupid, crazy, soppy, sincere, but a fun and very different trip into the zany life of south Florida and misfits that inhabit it.
Interesting story, great story line, wonderful characters, this story as lots of hope and faith,that God will, guide the way. Thank you ❤
This book ticked all my boxes! It took just the tiniest bit too long in the beginning for me, and wasnt hard enough on the boys in my opinion but for its age range i dont blame her for going a little bit light. Overall amazing!
Very nice quality! The kids love it ! Bought for my pre-School.
Cute quirky series. Different than Sookie and I'm glad for that. Well worth the read not too serious but keeps you interested and turning that page!!
Something similar happened in my senior year. This hit home and drives the irrational thought everyone has on blaming themselves. I loved the entire concept of tomorrow is not promised. How soon we forget that....
This book is fascinating.
Sad. Was a good read , however.
I like this author and purchase many of her books. I liked this story, but I didn't like it as much as her previous book in this series. It was a short story line, not as many twists. Still it was worth reading.
I listened to the audio book version of this novel. It was pleasant and the story itself is engaging. At times, there were moments of boring dialogue. But it picks up. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a Dystopian novel.
This book was written well before Mac OS X and its Linux underbelly. Before Windows 10 and its more advanced PowerShell. The lessons and technology hasn't changed all that much. The masses continue to click. The few claim command line supremacy. The computer is still an important part of almost everyone's daily life. Like it or not.
There are all sorts of amazing kitchen gadgets out here, but one truly outshines them all: the instant pot. Your instant pot is the key to eating healthy meals on demand. It does literally everything you could wish for, from Steam, to pressure cooking, to making yoghurt. Some models even bake breads and boil eggs without a fuss. It is every single modern cooking gadget rolled into one easy package.
I really enjoyed this book! After Rebecca's mother dies and with the famine in Ireland she decided to go to London to find her namesake! She is conned by a man and finds herself aboard a ship for America. That's when her adventure begins. This book was original, well written and full of drama, action, adventure and romance! The book was well paced not too fast or too slow. The characters were wonderful and felt so real. I felt as though I'd fallen through time and was right there in the wilds of the west!
This is a good book with a HEA. It is sweet and clean.
I will be referring back to this one a lot. Lots of really useful examples, that can applied in every day life.
The book was full of interesting information. I am new to this study so I found the information interesting. I am reading other books on this subject. Hopefully I'll learn more.
Good book. This author never disappoints.
When I first began reading about this Las Vegas story, I was thinking it would be a quick read. One without much depth, A summer beach type read. Now four books later I am totally addicted. Best you start with the first book, that gives you the background that will fill in details needed later. Great cop story, recommended.
This book should be mandatory reading for everyone, especially for teenagers and young adults. Young people never want to think about their financial future and a comfortable retirement. I know I didn't. Make them think about it and demand good money habits from them. In fact use this book as a template for written tests you pop on them.
I really didn't understand Blockchain or Cryptocurrency (its first applied use) prior to picking up this book. The author covered a wide variety of topics related to Blockchain, such as potential uses/value and issues/risks. It did a good job of explaining some of the nuance in a way that a beginner could understand. The figures also helped provide a good physical representation for guidance. This is not a good book for skipping around chapters, as each section builds on the bank of knowledge into the next sections. I liked the addition of a glossary in the back, for when I forgot what ETH, LTC, XRP, etc. stood for. Overall, I thought it was a good entry-level look into the Blockchain window.
After I read the entire book I know it will be a 5 star rating. There was the drama the the refreshing sex. Then he actually manned up to win her. I love it
I will definitely read another book by this author
fun story about clause origins, very inventive.
The story was unique, with characters you just want to smack.
Some recipes look very good pictures do not go with recipes lots show pasta and no pasta in recipe look forward to trying some of the recipes
I enjoyed the book it just seemed to start out a little slow but the descriptions of the island with beautiful
Life was unfair to Wes for sure. I struggled along with him as he bravely tried to shake off the chains that bound him to a very dysfunctional family and hoped he would land on his feet. Good read.
This one starts out with a bang, literally. In a hospital cupboard as we meet our sexy couple Dr. Prescott and nurse extraordinaire Regan. Joel is a trust fund baby that follows his libido and Regan is a single mom struggling to make ends meet. This author certainly knows how to write sizzle and steamy sex. Our couple's chemistry is off the charts hot with some kink thrown in. They are burning up every surface until they're not. A long held secret explodes and so goes our couple. There's a lot going on in this story...a steamy second-chance romance, a secret baby, the misconceptions between Joel and Regan, and drama, drama, drama. They each think the other caved on their previous relationship. As the baby drama unfolds it's emotional and angsty and the author throws us a curve at the end but this couple is terrific together. The story is set in the US but it appears Regan is British so some of the terms are a mix of both that's a little confusing. Overall this is a sensational read with fabulous characters. You'll definitely get your kink on with this one. I voluntarily reviewed an ARC and bought the book.
Livingston introduces a mind trick--a new way of thinking about eating. I knew he was onto something when my "pig" started squealing the exact things he said it would...
Interesting book. Some things I agree with, some things I don't.
This book kept your interest throughout. I would definitely recommend people read this book.
It was a good read. Slow in spots, but kept moving.
I was surprised at how many recipes use heat producing ingredients. The history was so interesting. Three thousand years! Dang!
I chose a four star rating because everything can be improved... I really like the book because it gives you an idea of how Mr. Buffett invested. It also shows that you can invest the same way and hopefully one day be as successful...
Such a good book! The Summary of Essentialism helps define the clutter in your life from what really matters. If you are looking to develop a clear plan to help you live an intentional life focused on the things that matter to you, this book good for you.
Wow, if this book doesn't suck you in within the first few pages we must be reading different books. I loved it! Kylie definitely explored many facets of life, trauma, love and of course trust. I was on a wave of an emotional rollercoaster reading Trust. Although different from other books by the author I'd highly recommend this to anyone. There's definitely some heavy content, and the author certainly did justice on ptsd, being triggered, and being a survivor. Edie was such a unique character and I truly commend Kylie for letting us take the journey with Edie and Co. Outstanding!
In this boxed set you encounter troubled but strong human women and lost but honorable mer warriors. In accepting their destined love they claim their inner power and together they redeem themselves and create a brighter future for themselves as well as all both human and mer. The underwater scenes are breathtaking and beautifully described. The world of mer is magical and powerful. It's empowering to read about these individuals reclaiming their self-worth and confidence for the betterment of all.
An instant pot cookbook for the entire family. This cookbook has top 700 recipes that I can prepare with my electric pressure cooker. The recipes in this book looks delicious at first and I have tried one and I could say it depends on how you add some spices on it.
Normally I do not read short story books. That being said I was pleasantly surprised by the stories in this book. Lots of different views of the same zombie apocalypse. Well worth the time to read.
This book is good in giving some wider perspective in the concept of becoming a personal brand and leading a community. Nonetheless has some part of filling without much real or useful content compared to other books on the subject. But for what it is cost, it is worth reading it for sure!
Better story than I expected,
It was fast paced and interesting to the end.
i like David Archer's writing and read all his stories. This was up to par. Exciting and engaging.
Excellent book. I loved that I kept second-guessing who the bad guy was going to be. I loved Billy's way of telling the story and how innocent and intuitive he was.
A well written conclusion to a good series
For the most part I likes this book. The characters were pretty well defined although I had a hard time picturing Arden in my mind. I will likely read the next book in the series to see where the story leads.
Could not stop reading. Loved everything about each story. Alpha males and feminine balls. I just wish the editing process could be followed.
I enjoyed the first book. The second was not good. The third was best of all. Read 1 and 3. Skipping 2 won't matter.
This is a light, quick read. It's almost paradoxical in that I found myself frustrated at times because the story misleads you into believing it might be predictable, but characters don't always adhere to archetypes, and the plot doesn't twist as much as I had expected. Finally I realized this wasn't a bad thing. What we have here is a book that gently plays with your expectations right from the beginning. You think you know what is coming next, and what you want to come next. Then the book will take you on a different trajectory. Strand is often considered a horror writer, but this book is more of a bizarre love story with a light pinch of horror thrown in for good measure. You can tell this dude thinks outside the box when he writes. And it isn't contrived. He doesn't come across like he's trying to go where few others roam. It just happens organically. I liked it. It reminded me how much I have come to rely on genre conventions, and how deviations result in pleasant surprises.
Even though I had the ending figured out before reading it enjoyed this book! Leaves me wondering about future for the characters!
Very good addition to the Mary Russell series. New ground for at least half the book.
You know what - I really like this book! I'm a big fan of Nora Robert's mysterys with a hint of romance thrown in. (Like Searchers) I'm thrilled to find a new author I like. Lisa Jackson wrote this one with her sister, Nancy Bush. So I'm going to check out some of her stuff, too. I can't wait to read the second book. Also - these are full-length books (not short ones written for on-line reading). So I was able to enjoy this book over about a week, rather than a couple of hours. A pleasant surprise overall!
Great story with interesting history of Cuba.
In this book David goes to Las Flores to check on a couple of military men in prison. He runs into the nurse her had had to leave behind. There are many interesting twists and turns to the plot which lead to a happy ending.
So this book was very cute. Vampires what more do I need to say. Ok the more..... virgin h and a Virgin H. Alpha Male falls in love at first sight. Safe.
Good book for young girls. Fun for both parents and children. Very imaginative and magical. Would like to continue the series.
While I still LOVED this book, it didn't feel complete. Like it was just a filler between the last book and the next. Didn't feel like there was enough forward progression. Obviously not going to stop me from getting the next book but I was a little disappointed.
Very informative, the information is what you would expect from an introductory level book on the topic. What I like that was different from most book in this type of niche, is the frequently asked question section that was very enlightening and relevant to newbies. Thanks for sharing
This continuation held my attention completely. Although set in a challenging time was a classic story about human nature and what binds us together.
Such an incredible illumination of the life of trees & how we are all interconnected in the web of life. Highly recommended
These are a nice break from reality and I always seem to read them to quickly and then I am stuck waiting on the next release. I like the character/relationship development of each couple.
This book was great! Although there was a couple weird jokes, I still loved all the jokes! Me and my kids loved it very much!
Enjoyed the shorts, fun reading to relax before bed. Please bring more stories. Loved all the bios at the end.
This book is really great especially for beginners. I like this book in light of the fact that there are numerous certainties and thoughts regarding air fryer.
This book has me intrigued and I'm ready to see what's going to happen. Good start! I'm ready to see what Queen is going to bring to the story.
Most stories were good but easy to see what's coming. Still very enjoyable, great for reading at night knowing it won't take long to finish a story. Horror based stories would like to find more like this.
It's nice to see a strong woman in a book, when there are so many out there with simpering, mindless women!
I enjoyed this book as I have all the other Mary and Sherlock Books. Story is good and different. Not as exciting as some but enjoyable.
Wow, what a story. So many twists and turns. Oh I cried a couple of times. Excited for the next book.
A deeply satisfying exploration of the impact of loss on family relationships.
This one is action packed and so cool. It's even better than the first book because it brings the characters back to their disreputable roots. So fun!
Absolutely loved this book and the fact that at least part of it is set in Northland where I live. A lovely story - I would have given 5 stars if not for the ending - too abrupt and leaves you hanging
My first experience with these authors. Enjoyed the novel, thank you. Though characters are interesting and everything was kept "real" none of the superhero bulletproof games, the general story line is well traveled...Shall continue reading the series to see what evolves
Great story with a wonderful story line, lots of danger and adventures, for one young woman and an Earl . Thank you ❤
I read everything JA Jance has written. This was a very personal tale based upon her own beloved dog.
It doesn't make a difference you know or don't think about Bitcoin this book will stick you to its words.This book contains gradual steps manage that would enable us to begin with our adventure to cryptographic money world.I highly recommend this book over all the other cryptocurrency books available in the market.
This book was such a fun read. Delia and Zack are a really cute couple, and they really connected before they even met. I understood the reluctance to meet, but once they did, it was just full on adorable from there. A fun, witty read about young love, with baby goats as a bonus. The premise is simple: wrong number text. Conversation is great, and hilarity ensues. Zach and Delia are both great characters. They have quirks, but the quirks are fun and funny and lovable - like a desire to drench everything in ranch dressing. Plot and characters aside, I want to thank Teagan Hunter for having solid writing skills. So much of what is indie published is riddled with typos and errors to the point of distraction, and I love it when I discover a writer with good plot, good character development, and good technical writing skills. I recommend this book to anyone that is looking for a well-written rom-com.
This was a great book! What a fantastic story. I can't wait to read the next. Very well thought out.
very nice downstairs side of old mansions in late 18th century.
Love the characters. This one provided lots more info as to what made the characters what they are. Nice story.
Good book and relaxing to read. Lots of good ole boys and common sense. There was humor and danger throughout this story too. Surprise ending.
The Montgomery series is my favorite Samantha chase series and this one did not disappoint. I also love a good second chance romance. I'd highly recommend this to everyone I know.
I enjoyed this book about love in the midst of Indian conflict. Adam and Mercy found love in the middle of drama and tragedy.
I am curious about this series. I hope it pans out well. This first issue was interesting. Now on to issue two.
Great guide for getting started with Google Classroom. Very informative quick read. Although I am familiar with classroom there were a few tips that will enhance my lessons even.
It was a fun & informative read. I enjoyed it.
Very nice...pretty standard version.
SHORT AND CLEAN ROMANCE. IT WAS A LITTLE TOO BRIEF, AND TOTALLY IMPLAUSIBLE, BUT I STILL LIKED IT. I WOULD READ MORE BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR.
This was a good short story. Good characters and storyline. Well written and a smooth read. i received it from booksprout and voluntarily left my review.
Not deep but an uncomplicated simple pleasure to read. Recommended for an enjoyable reading experience. Helps to read in order.
This was an eye-opening book. Well written and compelling. Christina is such a fighter and I am amazed at how she adapted to her surroundings. Such a good read!
Quick and easy read. If you like a dark read that's twisted, perverse and has lots of kink then you should definitely read this book!
Hate reviews, no one feels like I do about one's rating of a book, see for themselves. I found the need to get to the end and say I knew it. Held me in it's grips.,l
A good quick read that delves into the evils people can create and the darkness in our minds. Sometimes things feel a bit to tidy and clean hen dealing with these kinds of stories but this runs with the slapdash Hectic trajectory of reeling minds. Worth the read.
Has a very nice story but this is different because it is more like someone telling you a story about the characters' daily lives with plenty of interaction between characters. It is Clean sexually, but I would not say Christian. The two do sleep together but it began when he was ill - no sex, & no thoughts of it either. And a couple of bad men are killed - in self defense. What I really disliked was that she had the 'gift' and supposedly recd thoughts & words from his mother. - THAT alone should tell any Christian that it was NOT from God. No one hears from a person who has died - the voice may 'sound' like that person - but it is demonic spirits. ---Even 'good' things can be from satan so beware because he is a deceptive liar. ** This book could have been written much better & without the 'gift' - I gave this a 4* only because it had a basically nice story line.
I first read this book in about 1979 and loved it. I always wanted to read it again and it took be a few years to find it. Still a good read
I liked how they built up the plot.
This book will appeal to a recreational reader. A reader who enjoys clearly written, entertaining historical fiction will enjoy this intricate story.
Two people who have sworn never to marry conspire to help the other avoid suitors. Then friendship begins and more...passion. Well written and enjoyable.
Books are a good read, entertaining! They kept my interest up. Main characters are pretty well developed. I especially appreciate that Mr. Howard doesn't go into sexual details to illustrate his characters sexual encounters. He leaves enough for the imagination. This alone is enough for me to order more from him. Will read more.
The ketogenic vegetarian diet is an absolute diet which is I felt very necessary for everyone who are confused about their diet though, it will assist in selecting right diet. This diet will surely help you to heal your body and upgrade your lifestyle; each of this book recipes is well explained.
I enjoyed reading this book. I thought that the characters could have been developed a little more, however. Some of the situations were a little hard to swallow. I'm glad to have discovered an author that can write a book without including "heated sexual scenes".
Great read, excellent character development
Good read, realistic and believable for dealing with some difficult issues. I enjoyed the character building and that they were not perfect people, but made better for their relationship.
I would have given this one 5 stars minus Ray's side tracking into his belief of Evolution. I'm not sure how he was trying to apply this to business principles but he definitely lost me there. The rest of the audible book was excellent!
Such a heartwarming tail. Lola stole the show. Developed characters and if you tack on humidity then the setting is easily visualized. Worth a read.
I am interested to know how PTSD can impact lives and I found this book added to my thoughts. There was just a bit too much sex in the book, but it was the author's intention that it served a purpose to the plot, not just for the sake of sex alone.
I really enjoyed this book. It stretches the imagination at times but I'm ok with that. The hoarder aspect was an interesting plot line.
A low carb helps to stay in shape without adding extra pounds to body. Having a fixed diet plan and exercise sounds easy but hard to implement. In this side low carb is more effective process to lose weight.
I love Maddie Dawson's books- she is a gifted storyteller- but I didn't really connect with this one as much. The characters were difficult to sympathize with, kind of a sad dreary story. The ending where everyone comes together seemed more forced. An ok book but after reading 2 others that were just wonderful I was a little disappointed
Better than #2, it's a nice ending to the story. Vivian's world explodes and her blood runs cold way too many times but the plot kept my interest. The ending was a letdown, but I liked the rest well enough to give it 4 stars.
While at times repetitive, this book is a must read for Americans with children and everyone interested in politics, economics, or sociology.
This is very interesting and helpful book.The author also includes the benefits of pressure cooking and gives detailed step-by-step information about how to use the Instant Pot.it is very easy to follow and make healthy delicious recipes.over all nice book.
Typical Fannie Flagg with lots of down home humor.
I've been suffering from obesity almost my entire life. It's obvious that food is the culprit behind it. But deep inside my head, there's always a voice that's telling me “you need to change”. With the help of this book I was able to gain power over my constant unhealthy emotions and become free!
I loved that the book focused on the modern day story instead of just the simulations. The games should take notes from this book.
This book talk about some scrumptious, simple and basic keto formulas to spare time and cash. This guide spare time for each kitchen. I seek that is ideal cookbook after everybody. Weight reduction likewise from this guide content pursue. Grateful for creator
This in my opinion is a very useful diet that has many advantages. In this book, I'm convinced of this. Also in the book I found a variety of interesting recipes that can be easily prepared at home. And most importantly, the recipes are really delicious.
I read this book for the continued of the last book I read. I have read close to 13 books and they are very good books.
I love the characters in this series! Noel captures the spirit of Folly Beach! Add in some unexpected deaths and you've got a great mystery.
I recommend this series especially in the fall when you might want a spooky story with strong female characters. The historical and literature connections make it interesting.
ok, but different story lines
I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys post apocalypse fiction. The author considers the hazards (both of nature and other humans) an unprepared urban person thrust into the wilderness faces. He's imagined fresh but logical situations for the characters to overcome. Anxious to get to the next book in the series.
too long but very interesting
Four stars because of the story and characters who were in need of a change and how love can help them.
I really like the fact that all of her books have lovable, faithful heroes who sometimes be bad boys also. I always look forward to the happily ever after endings. It all makes the story worth reading.
I have now read the series to date and have enjoyed the twist and turns. Now onto the stand alone novels by Tim.
Eleanor Oliphant is a character you won't easily forget. Her unraveling is deeply moving, harrowing, emotional. Her journey back is just as moving, uplifting, and full of good humor
Autoimmune is awesome book. I received excellent guidance from this book, the author explained this book very well. Especially this book is informative and easy to follow.
The history of Israel in the 20th Century and on into the 21st is a critical part of the big picture. Never more relevant than right now, as we confront Iran backed by Russia as they seek nuclear arms. This goes to the heart of how we think about war. When are we at war, and whom do we kill?
This guidebook has all the information that you need to learn about some of the most common attacks that are going on in the world today as well as some of the things that you can do to protect yourself.
O loved this series , it was a bit descriptive but other wise they were good to read
This is an ultimate guide book for the beginners. This book is awesome to read and i think this book is the best book of this topic, and i really appreciate this book. I would highly recommended to read this book everyone.
What a great start to a series, I can't wait to read more. It does start a little slow but it picks up fairly quickly.
This was a very open book about how this author grew up. She faced so much heartache and misery. I can not imagine.
It a good read, there is too much violence in this. But it was still good. I would recommend it to anyone who likes westerns.
This is a sweet little book about lessons every child should learn. We are always rewarded through our friendships. Our efforts at conservation benefit everyone. But most of all, we need to understand that regardless of how much or little we have, the benefit of sharing are well worth the effort.
I read this book years ago, before I began doing reviews and remember loving it. It was pretty much a great medieval (despite some modern and American language) until the melodrama at the end. It was witty and fun with several laugh out loud moments, so it was a pity about the last few chapters. Anyway, the h is a spirited ward of the king. The king orders her betrothal to the H who then takes 6 years to come and claim his bride (2 years longer than promised). The H eventually arrives to claim his bride but she's left the convent where she'd been waiting for the past 6 years. He then goes to her castle that he's just gained through the betrothal and from then it's a merry romp. This includes a very mouth h, who brews ale with surprising results. As I say I loved the first 90% of the book again.
Great book for everyone who are starting with diet and healthy life style. This book is not just a diet meal plan. It is more than that. You can find a lot of information. How to start, what to eat, when to eat and how to plane your everyday meal plan. Highly recommended.
Lily and her sister grew up in a mansion with all the worldly possessions anyone could want. What they wanted most they never got...love. Lily has made it her mission to help young runaways. When she meets Jameson, a teen counselor, she knows that she has made the right choice. Together they fight to save some of Lily's girls from possible harm. But being with Jameson may cost what little connection she still has with her haughty parents. This book addresses serious issues of child physical and sexual abuse and how hard it often is to both protect the children and abide by current laws. It is done in a sensitive (but at times, somewhat unrealistic) way. Although though the books in this series are connected, each book is a stand-alone with no cliffhangers. There are also no sexual situations to offend any readers.
I didn't realize this book existed until I had the opportunity to read "The Royal's Baby." So imagine my pleasant surprise when I found out this was book one to the set. We have characters with flawed personalities and a storyline with plot that flows easily enough to give the reader an emotional response. This is the beginning of a triad of royal proportion. I just loved it.
A story beautifully told, wonderful relationships of friendship and love. Worth reading.
mostly common sense. if you're smart enough to think you should investigate this subject, you probably know as much as you will find in the book...
Good bread recipe with low carb. The recipes are easy and well explained. I am very excited to give them a try, especially because I am seriously missing bread on my keto diet plan. Love it.
Witty dialog, interesting plot. Enjoyed the faith in God that the main characters have. Summaries were a little long and frequent, but went with the character. I would read more by this author.
This book was a good read. The scenario was fresh with current news which made it plausible. I would recommend it to anyone who likes Clancy-like novels
This is a great book has a great storyline with caring characters. Twists in all the right places. Sometimes you can't change what is going to happen.
Just got to be a little long.
It is a very well written paranormal romance that draws you in from the beginning. The relationship takes place on the psychic and physical plane and you get an intimate look at both Rage and Pandora and really understand their motivations and their feelings. Maybe it is a little rushed but that's my opinion mostly because I prefer slow burn romances... Like previous books I really liked this one to.
Recommend this book for a good read. Will definitely read more from this author. Looking forward to getting updates on the author.
Another great story, I enjoyed reading, the characters and real and the story line is interesting. I will wait for the next story to come out.
A fascinating real account of underground ops. During the war.
Love paleo instant pot recipes!I absolutely loved the book. It has a good collection of healthy recipes , with step-by-step easy to follow instructions for preparing them in no time. I would highly recommend this book!
I think I was hoping for more details on the cons her family pursued but it was a good story. The characters are interesting but could use more development in my opinion. Perhaps the author will write more with the same characters so we learn more about them.
A Quick read! A Sweet and Intriguing story with instant Steamy Chemistry! A Good storyline!👍👍👍👍 well worth the read and more! Get it and Read it!
Gripping story, compellingly told. So important for those who didn't live through this era to get a glimpse into the hellish reality of black life in the South of the 60s.
4.5 goal worthy stars! I loved this book. It has everything thing I love, Guy is the awkward Virgin who the beautiful heroin falls for. It has some intrigue and laughs to. And it's set in a town I know and lived very near for a few years and still isn't to far away from where I live now. (Thanks Megan that was so cool!) You can not go wrong with this story. I couldn't put it down once I started reading it.
I liked the plot. The military was pushing the president in a direction she did not want to go, but she held her ground. This made for an ending that was awesome.
This was a well researched and well written scientific suspense novel that is so believable it could make you believe it's factual. It was very hard to put down.
An easy story to get lost in. Felt like I knew the characters myself! Lily Rose is a delightful character!
Very well written. Kept my attention from page one. Loved the characters and storyline.
Who or what is Boca Knights? It's an enjoyable read and sets up the rest of the series. A former Boston cop, now in Florida has a new identity that the public loves.
This is a great book. A little jumpy so you have to pay very close attention. I definitely recommend reading this!
Unusual circumstances bring Allie and Slater together. Attraction keeps them connected in this slow burn romance where Allie discovers she can take care of herself and others. She and Slater are destined for great things, and fate seems to draw them together at a time when they both need more than a friend to lean on.
You don't want to mess with trained Ranger on a mission to protect loved ones and friends. Quinn finds his home town dying and corrupted. Good read.
New series with a great start. This is a short story with lots of steam and characters that you enjoy reading about. I am looking forward to reading Book 2 in the series.
A fun D.D. Warren short story. The problem with short stories is I always want more. Love Lisa Gardner. Enjoy.
It was a good book. Read it all I am a person of few words yet this wants a lot
Fun quick read. Even with the guys issues (serious sad topic) there was more that made the story that made it fun and enjoyable. Enjoying the alpha males immensely!
It was a trial for me. Not really my type of book. I would read others. The storyline was okay
I liked this book. Liked the storyline. Very best friends to lovers good plot. Book moved a little slow, thought they would never get together and be more than friends. I love Miller, he is hot, sexy, and very funny! Love that Chloe was such a big part of this storyline. Once it started moving the story got better and better. Can't wait to read Miles story!
I have enjoyed reading this series. Watson is the best. I love his attitude. Makes me want to get a corgi. The characters are interesting and story is good. I wish the romance part of the story was better. Kind of disappointed with that but the relationships of the family and friends is a joy to read.
I recently read The Woman in the Window, then learned it was written by a compulsive liar who may have plagiarized this book, so I felt obligated to buy it too. The similarities are remarkable and troubling, but this book is a solid thriller in its own right.
I liked the side stories for Kate and Mia. Also the drama with Jack.
I love rye breads, and this book holds a great promise for a rye lover. It has excellent overview of rye's composition and behavior in mixing, shaping, and baking. This book has lots of love and care put into its writing. It's broken into regions of the world and their typical breads. It has very nice recipes that do work with careful preparation and paying attention to detail. One thing to be prepared for - the author uses MANY different rye flour types, so if you only have access to middle-of-the-road medium rye, you might be disappointed to find that there is only a handful of recipes that call for just that. If you are a milling and sifting enthusiast, you might be a better fit for this book. I do recommend it to those interested in a wealth of information about rye.
Too much language in Scotland books but otherwise great reading. This will was a great deal and hours of reading
It had some good parts and the storyline was decent, but I kept getting bored and having to have a break from the story. Still a reasonably good read, but not my cup of tea I guess.
Excellent diet book for the beginners. In this book you will get some new and good point about dash diet recipe. This recipe was so useful for our health and its quickly loss our weight. I am so much impressed and i will shear this book with all my friends and family member.
Wow, there are a lot of twists and turns in this story! I saw some of them coming but others caught me way off guard. Crazy ending, so I'm jumping into book 2 (Stutter) now!
This is an amazingly supportive book..TThis book contains essential things that you should know and find out about Instant pot supernatural cooking style. It has huge amounts of various alternatives. The creator has conveyed every single uncommon element of this kitchen gadget and she is so splendid in making this she called essentially scrumptious ordinary formulas. She has clarified likewise which nourishment blend are most appropriate for your moment pot. You will unquestionably feel extraordinary in the event that you have a duplicate of this cookbook...I recommened this book..!
I enjoyed the story, it was colourful, juicy with the love of life and food and easy to get immersed in. I gave only four stars because quite often it had naive or outright simpleton turns. But if you disregard your own common sense and only want to enjoy yourself, you can. I even looked at the next book to go on watching the next episode, but the price is way too high considering. So goodbye from me.
Gives a detailed history of what happened at Wake Island before, after and during the war.
Shane and Larissa have history but it was just one weekend. Now they have a daughter and sparks. Where will this lead?
It's an amazing book. I was very satisfied when I purchased this book. It provides well explained and well-detailed information about empath that very helpful. This book is a great reference for those who struggle with this kind of condition
I adored this book is extremely intriguing and enlightening and I discovered this book is and in addition much superior to anything other book's. Easy revenue is online based pay source. Everything can occur subsequent to getting this book, additionally you can get traps, tips and techniques about how to salary? I trust you will have the capacity to buy the book.
Solid book with a great intro to book #4. The interaction of the Converse wearing heroines was a lot of fun but this one had a bit too much insta-love for me to give it 5 stars.
The Crafter's Dungeon was an interesting spin on the usual dungeon core/LitRPG tale. I like the way this is going, but do feel that the first book was a setup for the rest of the series. Really looking forward to seeing what happens when more contact with the outside world occurs. Can't wait for book 2.
The story and writing was good but stupidity happened at about 65% into the book. I felt the characters lost their good sense there.
I would recommend the book to fellow readers. Interesting approach to Anne Taylor's skill in other books I've read. True to how life really is in the world today.
The girl on the train was much better than this, the beginning quarter was a bit confusing. A good book overall.
Very, informational very good read! It has suspense and logic. I found it very captivating and a bit slow at times.
Bloody Mary was a well written book. Not really a mystery but definitely bloody. It kept me wanting to read but not quite enough to keep me from sleep. It would have been much better with an ending.
The author has an engaging style, and kept me interested. there are many good ideas here, but she is pretty adamant about the value of bread and dairy, which really do not work for some people. I already follow most of her ideas, and have no weight issues, but also largely avoid wheat and dairy, as I do not digest them well.
Cute book. Cameron can't find a job as a teacher so he becomes a Manny to Nathan's 3 unruly kids. He gets Nathan's kids to like and listen to him. The relationship between the two men progresses more slowly. They take their time and try to fight their feelings. But in the end they are able to figure it all out. I would have liked to see a like more conflict with the kids and them finding out. But they're never really told of the relationship during the book. Overall I thought it was pretty good. Defense worth a read if you like single Dad with kids finding someone to love books.
I loved this book! It was uplifting to read about experiences recalled in a humorous light . It was a perfect escape and a delightful read.
Ok, I'm hooked! That little bit has really got me wanting this whole series like NOW! Fawn, Isabella, I don't know how you do it but, your books are the Bomb! I get sucked in right from the beginning and cannot put them down. Already, wondering what kind of spins your gonna put in this series. Who is gonna win Ophelia? What kind of torture is she going to face? How will she handle it? Thank you, thank you for continuing to produce these dark books!
I find this book is very positive. This book reveals a lot of information, tips and guides on how to turn fears into strength and confidence. Vanessa Angel is a great author on this topic. This book is written in a very positive way. Overall, this book is informative and helpful to read.
Very good read. I liked the premise and the characters. The book kept my interest engaged from beginning to end. Unfortunately, I found the climax to be a bit of a letdown. While it was exciting, I felt like the final showdown should have been a more personal confrontation between the heroine and the villain. Still, I highly recommend it, especially if you like the Steven King style of horror novels.
This review is written after listening to the audio version of this book. NATE is the second book in the Brothers in Blue series, and having so enjoyed Nick I was looking forward to listening to this one. It is a story which can stand alone but I think it's better to listen to them in order because Sophie and Nate met during the first book and it's always good to have some background information. This is a fast-paced, action-packed, suspense romance with really likable characters in Nate and Sophie. The story features a stalker whose identity was obvious from the start but Sophie herself never mentioned him to the police, why not I asked myself? The romance aspect of the story was good but how Sophie went from being an unemployed art teacher to shop owner with an assistant in a few short weeks was unrealistic I thought, even with the help given her by Nate. Lissa Blackwell did a good job with the narration of the book, I found her voice easy to listen to. I was given this audiobook as a gift and am voluntarily writing my review.
Judging from the title I thought there would be more of an espionage tilt to the story. I was wrong. This is about the Irish mob in Boston. And it's a good read. Lots of action. Could use some more character development but that could be coming in future books. I like the main character Alex and would feel very comfortable with her watching my back. She's a real kick-ass female. Will be reading more of the series definitely. Recommended.
Basically it was good verses evil learning that devil can love too. This story has lot of mystery, excitement, action and romance
Great enjoyment. I've read all the King books.
Another winner for J.S. Donovan and a great opening for what's sure to be a dynamite series. Love the heroine and her partner and the story keeps you pulled in.
I really enjoyed the book. It held my attention throughout and had me talking back to the characters. I have to get part 2 to see how it will end.
I have seen the Hallmark movie based from this book multiple times, and it's my favorite of the lineup of Christmas movies. But it is far different from the book. In the movie everyone is rich & sweet & kind (except Layla's boss]. In the book we have a perhaps more realistic view. I still love the movie & used the two stars as my visual for the leads in the book. I wish i had read the book first, but it's still a good, quick read. Enjoyed it a lot.
Good technical introduction to bitcoin. Using this to develop mining node, will update as development continues.
This was a fun book to read and it was easy to pick it up and get right back into the story. Very enjoyable, easy read.
I would highly recommended to read this book everyone.This book gave me a lot of information.This book is awesome to read and i think this book is the best book of this topic, and i really appreciate this book.
A nice little read. I wish it had been a little longer and had included a few more reactions from Kane. I liked how well it was written.
I enjoyed this book. It was unpredictable. However I think it ended too quickly. Maybe a sequel would help. Overall a thought provoking read.
Enjoyed this book. I'm ready to read the 3rd installment.
Clever & unique science fiction! Introduces a new relationship between plants & animals! You won't be disappointed. I'm looking forward to a sequel!!
She has been through some rough painful situations and he is not making it any easier with his attitude. She did things that made him think the wrong way about her. He has no time to mess with her even though he wants her real bad. This is an entertaining read. Enjoy I did.
Dang it I wish this one was longer. I was getting into it and it was done, bummer. I really liked it, it was hot and had sass with it. Makes for a very good book. Keep up the great work.
I enjoyed the authors somewhat "glib" humor. He covers a lot of years and subjects and does it well.
Good. Enjoyed the mystery line
I'm sort of a amateur Civil War history buff, and was initially attracted by the title. It took a while to get my head around the role-changing represented for many of the Civil War's main characters, but this is a wonderfully crafted what-if story if the US had went a slightly different way in the 75 years or so preceding the Civil War. The author has definitely left us hanging, though, with a strong hint of sequels to follow. I can wait for what comes next!
I been cracking and giddy the whole time i'm reading this book....at one point i felt some heartache when Spencer thought that Charlotte wasnt feeling that the same. Omg! I felt like a teenager reading their love story. I enjoyed reading this a lot! Thanks Lauren!
Because this is a novella, it didn't go into a lot of depth in character development. I didn't read the first book in the series, but I don't know if I will. The book was okay, but I was able to guess the bad guy fairly easy. Women were disappearing and turning up murdered in this small town and the police chief and his officers have to solve it. Not a lot of police work seemed to take place, other than supposition. It was an okay book, but I've read better.
The residents of Oyster Bay continue to capture the reader and keep them reading for a satisfying denouement.
Another entertaining story from the women's murder club with a very unusual twist. As always, well worth the read. Richie does a strong detective job while his partner is on vacation.
There are even recipes with eggs or cheese, so you can ease yourself and your family into a Vegetarian diet. And the instructions are straight forward; easy to follow.The recipes will really astound you. I am absolutely in love with the Kiwi-Strawberry Spinach smoothie and the Lentil soup recipes.
Was ok not what I expected but a good read
What happens when a veteran tennis champion who is deep in the closet, meets a sexy EMT just discovering his sexuality? Tyler has never let anyone get close before, afraid that discovery of his sexuality will ruin his tennis career, until he met Chip. Their relationship is fraught with obstacles, hiding who they are to each other and an ex coach out to destroy him and ultimately outing him. Can their relationship survive? Will Tyler stop being afraid to come out? A great story about the world of mens elite sport, where being gay is extremely difficult.
Never quite sure where we were going. Do journalists really track down stories like this? Lots of action and intrigue although I was not happy about the abrupt ending.
I liked the flow from one to the next
Thanks for touching on a difficult subject. Your information gives a good foundation to begin healing from trauma and painful behaviors.
Good read. Actually laughed at the shenanigans they pulled off. I would read the next novel as it comes out!!
loved the 3 books, BUT what happened to the 4th that he was writing? called 'To the Manor Born?' there is still a lot left after the 3rd book?
This is an excellent intermittent fasting book for women. It has some tips and tricks, which improve health. It is the best way to use intermittent fasting for muscle gain.
Could easily follow the characters and story lines. Just the right amount of description for person place & things. Could hardly stop turning pages to find what's next. Every time I thought I had the prep figured out was shut down as the agents were. The under story and main story ended the way I liked.
Things spiral out of control really quick. Couldn't put it down. Ready for part 2. What a tangled web of secrets and lies
I enjoyed this book. Easy read. Kind of predictable but not bad. I would read more from this author. It was hard to put down
I found this book interesting. Young adults and older would enjoy this book. It does have sexual content and some cursing. A real folklore and fantasy.
A little rough at the start. A little bumpy, but Once into a couple chapters, the characters came to life. Interesting story line.
This is a second chance holiday story, where two men whose careers / jobs meant more to them than their relationship. Or did one of the men even give his Ex a chance to stop him? Or was there no chance of the relationship continuing because they had kept it a secret? It takes two years for them to run into one another again. A lot has changed or has it? The fact that it is a May December romance is an addition. Well one of their families was still problematic. A father whose drinking had gotten worse. After two years of freedom returning to the craziness of home, as well as the homophobia it was just too much. Suddenly having only work - even two jobs sometimes wasn't enough for for the one left behind. Grief also clouded his emotions. The loneliness was overwhelming. Making him reevaluate every aspect of his former relationship. A relationship due to a flux in circumstances gave him a second chance to make things right. Yet he lived in fear because his former Ex still spoke of leaving town again even though he didn't have a job. Yet that kernel of hope, that they'd remain together blossomed as the holiday season approached. What happens when your worse and best wishes come true at the same time? Which do you choose? How do you justify it? Do you consider who you might hurt or just your own selfish interests? If you are the one that history is repeating itself on - do you just sit back and say, "Will he?" or do you fight back and say, "Hell to the Naw!" This was at times a bittersweet tale that left you guessing the outcome until the very end. Great holiday tale, showing how the holidays aren't the most wonderful time of the year for everyone.
Good western that kept interest.
Continues to be exciting, with great characters who lay their lives on the line over and over again. Fighting demons to save the world and humanity. New twists and turns with each new experience. Many surprises that are mind shaking. These are not your typical monster stories.
Start eating one of these foods every four days. If adverse symptoms tired achy, stiff begin to occur within the first 36 hours, then put that food back into the avoid list. if you don't experience any symptoms after reintroducing one of these six types of foods,
This book is useful for apprentices. This book came at the ideal time.This book makes some legitimate focuses and clears up a couple of things.And likewise a critical substance.
A different slice of life, a little mystery, a little romance. A perfect cozy mystery. Good , loyal friends, a heroine who isn't a supermodel. Someone relatable. I enjoyed the trip
This is the first novel in a series. The story is interesting, but there is a lot that is unknown. Perhaps it will be explained in the future. I don't like when the author ends the book in the middle of a crisis, as this author has done.
Lucy and husband Nick go west to search for their friend, an older man who retired from his Denver police job. Once again, CJ draws the character of Lucy well. Lucy is one of my favorite characters in fiction today. She has grit, drive, brilliance, and sometimes impatience. The book seemed short to me, and it went very quickly. Even when the action stopped for a minute, it never stalls. Another winning story in this series!
This was a good read. I enjoyed reading both books. I would absolutely recommend this book to everyone I don't think you will regret buying it. Thank you.
It was a very interesting book from a talented author there were a few spelling and grammar issues but all in all it was a solidly entertaining story.
An easy, quick read. Properly romantic, with interesting characters who were mostly likeable, some suspense and with the required happy ending.
Each book gets better. Looking forward to #4 this fall.
Crown Jewels by Ella James was a very enjoyable read and it is packed with lots of goodness and steaminess which kept me hooked and I couldn't put this book down. Prince Liam is one hunky dream male lead character and he was one that kept me fascinated with him throughout the entirety of this book. Though he was at first described as a playboy prince, when he met Lucy he is so caring and protective towards her. I love the dynamics between Lucy and Liam. Theirs wasn't an insta-love romance but there was instant attraction and it was pretty hot! Lucy Rhodes is a sweet heroine and her introduction into the prince's life came at a time when Lucy's personal life was imploding. Lucy had this horrible incident happen to her and in order to overcome it, she had to branch out and move on, even though she wanted to try and hide from it all. From the very beginning of the story, when the reader is introduced to Lucy, she has already separated herself from the reality show that has made her and her family famous. She has made her returns to the Hamptons which is where she runs into Liam, who is known as the playboy prince and he is found in a compromising position and Lucy figures all the talk about him is true. Later she is at a party and a face from the past upsets her greatly which makes Lucy wonder if she is doing the right thing in trying to get out and live again after what happened in the past. I felt so bad for her and was rooting for her to overcome what happened to her. She was so traumatized and it made me wonder what all happened to her in the past. So there is that intrigue factor going on. So when Lucy and Liam end up having this one night stand in the bedroom , it makes this a believable situation and the emotions going on between these two reads real and true. Prince Liam is more than what meets the eye. At first he comes off as a huge playboy but there is more than meets the eye with Liam. His charm and kindness along with care for all of those around him ends up endearing the readers towards his character more. As the story builds and steams along, the chemistry between these two is off the charts, but the story is still more than sex. We get to see compassion, care, and genuine concern for the well-being of the other. The plot of the story really starts after a one night stand ends up with an unplanned pregnancy. But there is oh so much more going on. There is something more going on with Prince Liam and that is the real story with the pregnancy the 2nd story line. I loved how both stories ended up consolidating into one. The story is very refreshing and the plot was woven very well. There is intrigue and suspense and there is tons of passion and romance. I really enjoyed this story and highly recommend this story. My Rating: 4.5 stars *****
It felt like a novella, rather than the first book of a series. I'd rather wait till all the books come out, so I can just get the box set and read it as if it were one book.
This book will enable you to learn and see more about Blockchain. You will have the capacity to know a few hints and procedures on how you can procure cash by building your own particular business on a blockchain. The book was composed in an extremely straightforward manner for better and simpler comprehension.
This was a great quick summer read for me. The story was good and flowed well with no slow times. I really liked the couple in this one. It was very entertaining!
This was a good book, unpretentious, written in everyday style. The author kept a serious subject light and humorous. Unlike some of the recent movies about Air America, which were heavily embellished, the author gives it to the reader just like it was. An eyewitness account of missions for "customers" in Laos and surrounding areas. Sure, there was drinking and sex...but many of these guys risked their lives even more so than combat pilots. If you are interested in this history, you'll want to read it. My biggest complaint: photos way too small to view on a Kindle II.
I loved Lauren's dive into her journey. It was emotional and inspiring to see her rise like a phoenix through the ashes.
I hope the sequel is better, I didn't like how the book ended, it was like the writer had a deadline
Wish each picture was next to the pattern but it wasn't that way in leaflet version so guess I can't expect it in Kindle version. Square and linear patterns made into squares. Not a comprehensive book of all crochet stitches or granny squares, but very useful for both Afghans and other crochet patterns you plan yourself:
I have read an amazing book which is written about attract women, irresistible masculine sex appeal. This guide book is not a ordinary book but full of good tips and knowledge for attracting women. This guide book is written in simple language which is very easy to comprehend and even though to follow.
The book kept my interest. Love the family trilogy. Able to keep up with the family members from one book to the next
How complex we human beings are. A beautiful story with a deep conviction of the endurance of love. A rare thing this lasting love.
I think I might like this series. Written with the author's style and humor I so enjoy in her Diva series this was a fun beginning. I enjoyed the idea of a town totally devoted to pets. I also enjoyed the descriptions of delicious dog--and people--food, including recipes in the back! I did like most of the characters right off the bat and they mainly were fleshed out, even for a first book. I was a little confused by the denouement at the end. There seemed to be too many people who were responsible and it was unclear who did which murder for a while there. Still, I will be adding this to my long list of series I intend to follow.
Two cancer victims lives intertwine in a most memorable way. Get the tissues ready as these two find solace in each other's arms. Most poignant and painful is putting the book down, I loved these characters, and wouldn't want to see any pain for either. The story is marred slightly by head-hopping and not just by the two POVs, the author also can see through the eyes of any character, which is somewhat distracting.
I learned a lot that I can do to help make the world a better place. My only complaint is excessive ranting by the author. I wish everyone cared more about the environment, but I feel you're most like to win them over by being respectful.
The book is very good just not exactly what I normally read. Lost my attention a couple of times throughout the story.
This book contains proven steps and strategies on how to hack and make sure that you maintain a high level of security.You will know exactly what it is hackers do when you reach the end of this book, as well as how you, too, can get started on the right track to become a hacker yourself!
In the Elemental Origins series, The author does a very good job of incorporating multiple mythologies into very enchanting stories with attractive characters and internally consistent magic. I looked forward to each episode, and was never disappointed. Recommended for all ages. Allen
The book concept is not too far fetch in this political climate. The fast pace of the storyline keeps you on edge.
Read this book in one sitting - full of useful advice, good examples and it's easy ready style. Just missed having a checklist of things to do as there is so much in it. Adam - love to see this in the next edition!
I like it. This kind of diet, the weight watchers is a great and new dieting program for me. It gives me inspiration that this kind of weight loss regimen could be the one for me to start with. It gives more freedom with food and lots of flexibility which makes for a higher success rate. Highly recommend this book.
This book is very informative and helpful book..This book is very glorious and informative. This book is a great CLEOPATRA book. It is very interesting, very insightful, and very worth reading. I recommend this book!
This is a great book with twist and turns and a Happy ending, also the other books that were included where just as good. I would highly recommend this book.
An easy read, with likable characters, including the friends of the H&h. There's a bit of intrigue. The villains are deeply heartbroken parents who sought revenge for the death of their son. In keeping with the Christmas spirit, the hero arranged for them to live out the remainder of their lives back in their homeland. The heroine is smart and pure in heart. The hero is strong, honorable and romantic. I enjoyed reading the book.
Enjoyable story. Protagonist is fun to follow in his adventures of happenstance. Perhaps a bit too predictable in the storey line though.
Very good, way to short. It would be nice to know if it would have still be possible to have a part family.
It was pretty straightforward- very few surprises but a good book. Most teens (girls) will like this and even a few boys as the 'romance' isn't overwhelming.
I am retired military. Service in Marines - Vietnam, service in Army - Desert Storm. I seek to learn about the people who served in military before my time. I was amazed at the strength and stamina of these soldiers. My respect for them is now enormous. We were lucky to have such tough, intelligent men.
This book was informative, short & sweet, and fun read that makes lots of connections if you are interested in crystals, grids and energy. It encourages you to continue your journey into working with crystal energy to affect positive shifts in energy.
There are nuggets of gold inside for everyone that uses words to influence action or behavior.
Overall a great book about an important event. The book is a bit longer than it should be. The individual stories are affecting. Do we need to hear that everyone in Canada and even a lot of Americans were noble and didn't think of themselves as they helped Halifax to heal and rebuild? Most of the time, a description would have spoken for itself. The author doesn't get into one big issue: how did these folks keep their religious faith? They are described as continuing to be faithful to their various Christian denominations. Yet hundreds of innocent children were killed due to simple incompetence. That is tough to square with belief in a benevolent God.
TRULY LIKED THE CAST OF CHARACTERS.I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE OF JESS AND HELEN.THAT WOULD BE A SERIES IN IT'S SELF. WILL ADD D.CAPRI TO MY LIST OF AUTHORS.THANK YOU FOR GOOD READ.
I liked the flow of the story and the writing followed through book with such clearness. A. Very good read for me.
Celina Grace delivers her expected well-written plot, but the personal lives of her characters occupy a much greater portion of the story than usual. Worth the read. It will be interesting to see if the sequel continues in the same vain.
Truck and Mary have kept me coming back to see what was next for them and their friends. I look forward to more well-written romance by this author. Her characters are very well developed. I enjoy the tears, humor, love, and the trouble they get into and out of.
Cooking with an air fryer is an easy way to have healthier fried food. This book is extraordinary and it contains an impressive measure of new and capable advances and information about air fryer cookbook. If any friend of you who love cooking you can give this book as a present. Love this book. And a special thanks to the author.
Some good and unexpected twists and turns in the plot. And likable and interesting characters. Looking forward to the next book.
Just finished the all three books in the series. What a literary jog through recent history. Totally worth a read.
For some reason when the Dressmaker series came out the description of each was unappealing to me. I never read them until now. I started with the 2nd in the series but after getting through several chapters & really enjoying them, I stopped and started with the first. I've truly enjoyed them all. I've enjoyed a majority of Ms Chase's stories - these were appealing with their strong females and heroes who couldn't resist them. I was surprised that in books 2 & 3 the gentlemen pursuing the sisters of a duke's sister-in-law didn't give a thought to planning to have the women as mistresses. That was far-fetched - especially considering how close the men were to the duke. It was a huge suspend belief issue. Otherwise, the stories were fast paced, the rhetoric entertaining, dress descriptions too difficult for me to visualize but interesting. Nice sex and seduction scenes & nice action ones too. The glimpse into the less privileged and how insulated the upper levels were was also interesting. Fun stories I will reread.
Great novel but it's not my favorite from her works. Talented and amazing author. Deserves 4 out of the 5 stars. Wonderful romance novel with a happily ever after.
This is an interesting story about greed, deception and murder. The plot is well done. The characters are interesting and believable. The ending is well done.
I very much enjoyed this book. Lots of twists and turns. Funny and always a good read!
I really liked the story and the play between these two. Total surprise how the reveal came about. A story within a story. Can't say much or it will spoil the fun of this story. A great idea to keep it sizzling. Glad he only had eyes for N.
I like supernatural books with strong independent female heroes. I also like books about American Indians. So the two should fit just fine. This book has many good points. But, I found the protagonist's attitude that I usually like was galling in today's environment. I did not want to read it yet again so I did not finish it. Anyway I blame my feelings instead of the quality of the book. The book is fine for its genre. I intend to try reading it again when I am not as saturated.
I like her writing style. She really makes you feel the environment of the story. The ending of this book was not as much of a surprise as her other two books. Still enjoyed it a lot.
First a disclaimer- having read a fair number in the Longmire series; picking up the Western Star I have accidentally "jumped" the line. The downside is certain events taking place in the current section versus a visit to the past can be a tad confusing. Also this book lines up for the next novel which could leave a reader feeling the story is a bit of a "teaser". Still the writing is fine, the story line is well developed-all in all a good read.
This an under reported portion of American history. The Revolutionary War was won. However the Indian tribes in the territory of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois were trying to hold onto land threatened by Americans wanting to move west. The newly formed United States did not a full time army, but Congress was finally persuaded to establish one and General Anthony Wayne was given command over the fledgling army and push the Indians further west.
Couldn't put it down
This is the second book I've read in the Lei series. I remember enjoying the first one. One aspect of this one that I personally thought was great, was the development of Sophie as a POV character. To me, it added a lot of depth to the story and I liked seeing into her personality. These books are well-written, not too sappy, and other than a few forced situations, quite believable. I will read more.
Burn Dragon Burn started out a little slow but ending with page-turning suspense. There was humor, sarcastic bantering, and heat filled passion.
I liked the fact that Allie and Bea finally became friends and depended on each other!
Emma, Patrick, Laura, Jasper, Ewan, Clover, Calum and everyone else...this was a work of art from the heart that makes me want more.
Yes this is living up to its predecessors. I am so enjoying these crime books with Lavender. They are on a very similar vein but the tale is so intricately woven is is not really apparent. You think you have solved the mystery but with this one is was more complicated. I enjoyed the puzzle.
Great read. The characters are quite believable. I found myself caring about the main characters very much. I usually don't find books where the main character is a young child very interesting. I liked this kid a lot, from the beginning. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys well written suspense.
First time reader and I loved every minute of it. Surprising ending I didn't see coming. Well written content with contemporary and Old Testament transitional time period makes this a great way to keep up with the story.
As always enjoyed this book as well as others that I've read.looking forward to seeing what the next one will be.
Not a whole lot of thought put into these smoothies, Some are enough for 3 or 4 smoothies and some are just one serving. No person could drink that many in a day. so it is virtually impossible to follow his instructions, That being said, There are some good recipes and I am sure anyone would be better off with the book than without.
Predictable but a sweet story, not overly graphic with sex scenes. It's a nice love story with plenty of darkness and struggle to overcome. The characters were realistic and relative to the real life situations. Glad I was on a beach when reading it.
Enjoyable entry in the Times Like These series. Very straight forward adventure story, a fun and quick read. Can't wait for the next one!
It was a good book however there were some places that were slow and dragging
Not quite as good as BIG LITTLE LIES or THE HUSBANDS SECRET, but very, very good. Unlike the 2 I mentioned, I was able to put this book down and complete my daily chores.
Good storyline and not to technical, fast paced with a charming ending. I've always enjoyed Mrs McCaffrey's books and I've been reading them for a long time
I am three books into the series, and can't wait to read the rest of the series. Keeps your attention, and the characters take you on a ghost ride.
I enjoyed the characters and the story line was plausible. The society created by the author was interesting. However, I didn't care enough about the characters or the setting to be interested in a sequel, even though there was an obvious set up to be continued.
This is a common love story. Not exceptional. Not a book to read again but okay to say the least.
Wanted more interaction with survivors at the end.
I Give this book a 4 Star Rating. Heat: 4/5 Romance: 3.5/5 Dark: 2/5 Drama: 3.5/5 Suspense: 3.5/5 This was such a good book! Must have the next book immediately! This is one of my top favorite M/M harem books. Definite recommend.
I have tried ketogenic cookbooks earlier but I couldnt find any cookies recipes all that books contains only vegetables and salad recipes, this book has a good collection of cookies recipes too, Meatloaf muffins, Peanut salad, cheese with chives are kinda new recipes for me and I have decided to try these too.
Overall an enjoyable read that kept me guessing. You can tell a lot of research has gone into this, which, however, makes it disappointing that some of the German terms injected into sentences are incorrect or spelled wrong.
I learned about another Batterson book called Whisper from friend, and since the book refers to Circle maker, I decided I should read it first. This book is a great reminder that God is able to answer our prayers even though he may not answer them as we want.
Well written and researched.
She always writes exciting and interesting books.
I'm coming to the end of my binge of this author's work. Sadly, not all of her books have been released on Amazon.com, although they're available on Amazon UK. This book is mostly about Pia, a ballerina who has taken the world by storm but she's not a nice person. She's promiscuous, rude and prone to having tantrums. She's at the top of her career when she is involved in an accident and her foot is seriously injured. She loses sponsorship deals and her place in the Chicago ballet company she dances for. Her rival swoops in and takes her job and sponsorship deals. She is "rescued" by a wealthy UK businessman called Will and he helps her recover and arranges for a dance off with her rival in order to help her make a comeback. There are other excellent secondary characters including her assistant Sophie, who Pia treats terribly and then fires her immediately after the accident. Sophie is a great character and has loads of bad luck in life and with men. The reader really roots for her to come right. As usual the author has written a complex tale with loads of different characters and subplots. Her books are never quick reads but they are always compelling.
Good enough I want to read the next one. Starts out slow but ends well. I needed five more words to end review
This book will definitely make your heart soar. Professor Grayson is as hot as they come and Emma was a great character too. Loved everything about the book, except the end. Yeah, I wanted a little more. GREAT JOB, (For a guy) lol
Complete in this volume. Quick read with well developed characters. Interesting twist that make for a good read. Low on the spice scale but still a good read
It was torture. Ok it was a great finale. The final installment held true to the rest of the series. It didn't not waiver at all from its true story line. The story kept me completely captivated. This was the first series from Miss Gemma . I look forward to more.
Yes I would highly recommend, truth about how to learn to grow, heal and love yourself. Good read and you can read it over and over.
Another great Stride adventure! Loved this book. Never disappointed with Brian Freeman novels. Highly recommend, twists and turns a constant!
Fast paced and entertaining. Interesting character development for the lead - sort of like Nelson DeMille. Worth reading. I enjoyed the book.
Unusual method of telling a story that grabbed my heart.
This is a classic story that should be read by everyone that loves western. It is difficult to read because of the way and manner that it is written however it was well worth the time spent.
It was fine. Totally fine. Now let me back in my library, please. Again it was totally totally super fine.
If you want to learn how to master Deep Learning fundamentals with Python, then this guide is for you. I this book, the author gives us the information about fundamentals of deep learning and deep learning in practice. I found this book very informative and useful. All information is laid out in logically and easy to understand. I got so much interesting and helpful information on all my questions on this topic. I liked this guide and I'm glad to have it on my Kindle to use when I need it. I would recommend this book to anyone who needs such type of information. It is worth reading.
If there was any rating more than 5 stars, I would have given this book. I love the lessons it has. It made me realize how passive I have become in this world. Rather than allowing life go through us just as we go through it, we only go through it with a hurry and forget to slow down to enjoy the moment. If one can live in the moment and is able to be mindful of all things, as well as be grateful, the issue of stress and sadness will not come in. A very beautiful book this is.
XXX!!! Adult Content. The title Princess can have either a positive or negative connotation. In this book it runs the gamut. This was better than Duke of Manhattan, and that was a fun story. Grace wasn't as feisty as Scarlet. She is composed and guarded. Still fun to see her walls crumble and Sam's compartmentalized boxes collapse.
This book, Falling for the Heartbroken Duke, had well-rounded characters and a great story. The reason I gave it four stars is the extended epilogue is on Silk with the bright white background. I read late at night.. I prefer the black background. I found this very unusual. Highly recommended!
Book is a good introduction to the topic. I will be looking for more detailed information!
Champaign for everyone! This is a terrific start to a new shifter series - I am very pleased with this author. There are three full length stories in this download. The three stories are linked by the heroines, three sisters, who each fall in love with three shifters. Unlike a lot of shifter stories about wolves, these shifters are all bears. And the shifters are not as good hiding their secret as they would like to be. The hero's are perfectly suited to each sister. I liked how there was a real sense of community among the shifters and I thought the premise of an artists community well suited to the storyline. The shifters are all ex military and have to chose other occupations to suit their new community. The only reason I didn't give this more stars is that there was a lot more sex than was needed to propel the storyline to the next level. The characters could have carried the stories by themselves... But that's just me. I think anyone who likes shifter books will like this one!
I would of have it a five but I'm not that smart so a lot of the words they used I didn't know what it meant. And sometimes when they had long conversations back and forth I sometimes couldn't figure out who was saying what.
As gory mysteries go, this was good. Good enough to read in two sessions. Jack is a tough smart girl cop pursued by a terror of a human.
I Like the mix of bravery it sometimes take pass through ones own fear, only to find more the you imagined possible on the other side.
Good book if you are looking for deeper family profiles. I liked the chronological order by date best. Thank you Ms. Le Veque!
Every parents nightmare in print! Easy reading and informative tips for parents to do that might foil a kidnapping. Surprisingly ending!
4 stars for this YA dystopian, that could easily be logged as an adventure novel too. Superb imagery, great story telling, great cast of characters.
I enjoyed the book. I take on board the positive way one should look at seemingly negative experiences dumped on one by other people. Defining and finding happiness through gratitude made sense and I have experienced what he says on occasions where I have focused on gratitude. Some of his shared experience in failed goals empathise with what I have experienced and has helped me to have the correct attitude. I have highlighted some passages that I will continue to refer to in my change process.
Perhaps this would have been five stars if a bit shorter. Bruce is more on my really like list than huge fan. Thoroughly enjoyed the read. Was amazed how open he was about his life...the good, bad and ugly. It's sort of a roller coaster ride. Bruce takes you on some great highs and some sad lows. This could be read by anyone, not just fans or a musical interest. It's an interesting life story.
Had fun getting lost in story. Fairly good plot and easy to read. A bit more depth of characters would of been good
This is an interesting weight loss book. There are many diet books out there, but I found this one full of useful information. Most diets say to fill up on any fruits and vegetables, but this book actually went over the fact that there are some vegetables that are not congruent with weight loss and that they should be avoided. It was a helpful book.
This is the story of Lady Eleanor who has loved Hugh since age 12 , but Hugh has sealed his heart after his first wife, Janes deception. Hugh has been tasked by King Richard to house Eleanor and find her a husband. We get to see his brother Julian and Guy and Royce and their wives in this installment. And of course the wise old man or angel appears again.
Easy recipes with healthy advice. Good to know I don't already have the non-healthy foods at home. Ready to try.
I enjoy reading legal thrillers and this one did not disappoint. The ending was very satisfying also. I dropped it down to a four because of the bad language.
The book is loaded with useful info to form a new coaching habit! 4 star is because I don't like the structure of how the book is organized. Like any habit book, if you don't practice it, you won't improve.
I loved the characters. I would have given it a 5 star rating but I felt like the end was abrupt and caught me by surprise. It didn't feel finished to me. Otherwise great book though and I definitely recommend it!
Love books about feisty women (especially with super powers!!). Great ending! Hope to read more about these ladies. Thank you.
I never enjoy the flipping around in chaps but I do love the content. Great research and I learn a lot with each subject. Great imagination.
I really liked the world setting of this. I ate these books up. I don't remember where I stopped in the story line but I read most of these books. It was also a while ago that I read them, but I remember enjoying the magic and world building.
Good reading cross section! Already knew a couple of the authors... Had trouble finishing only one. Science fiction, fantasy and adventure are my favorites. Try it!!
Very interesting reading. Great characters. There is good and bad in each of us. I recommend this author's work. Enjoy
I will read the next one!
For a first book by an unknown this was very well done. The characters can be felt by the reader. The world is complex enough to be interesting but not over explained. It ends with a HFN. There are gaps in the characters back story that make you want the next book but not enough to be a cliffhanger. Sold work! Please give us more.
Characters were well developed, setting was consistent, and a sense of suspense kept the reader hooked. I've not read any other Danny Logan books but I will in the future.
Love at first sight! Amazing how quickly one can fall in love, across the room he sees her & it's over from that point on. It's not easy, but a way is found! Jace & Bethany find their way to forever after!
I really liked this book. I love reading "clean" books and this was for the most part. I didn't like the descriptive bloody part but other than that I really enjoyed the book!
Loved the book but at the end the author offers a free download of 2nd book in series. Download didn't work
Interesting story of a life lived well, not in luxury, but in dedication to doing her best to advance not just women, but all people. She is a tireless worker, smart and determined.
I really enjoyed the book about the making of Queen Elizabeth's wedding gown. I didn't think I would like the book, but glad I read it. Book Club discussion leader of this book next year.
Greatly enjoyed the interplay she creates between the magical world and not, the mere human does a great job defending herself and making a place in new surroundings and rolling with the punches, and her reaction to seeing her first fireball is exactly what I'd do.... great fun!
Great plot and mates story without an over abundance of sex scenes. And the plot will hold your interest! I read straight through! Good read!
Another interesting story by Mary Alice Monroe. Enjoyed the read and learned a lot...but all the typos are distracting. Almost every page and hard to overlook
Book 3 is just as entertaining as the first two. There was one very small portion that was entirely out of my comfort zone. Normally, I would have not continued, but this series is so well-written, so full and colorful, that I couldn't walk away. If Buying Reason was out already, I would be reading it now.
good read, interesting developments.
A little boy helps his mom get her list done so she won't be a zombie in the morning. I love his choice of vegetable to pack for lunch.
This was my first Dean Koontz book and I really enjoyed the writing style. I loved the suspense. I will read more of him now.
First off I want to say thank you to the authors. I keep reading books where the hero is some kind of god's gift. Books where every female character, whether they are a waitress, shopkeeper, friend etc thinks the hero is SO hot that they all have to flirt with him and give the heroine the evil eye. This book had none of that and I am so thankful for that as I think it takes away from the story. Other than that this was a cute brother's best friend love story with a very naive virgin trying to find her way in the dating word and the man who falls hopelessly in love with her. It was the perfect light hearted read I needed.
The book jumped around a lot and was a little confusing!
from book 1, which I really liked. The characters from book one Grayson and "Amy's" story was nicely interwoven in this book. I liked Mya and Dale's story too. Mya was a bit much, but she got the hang of it. I'll read Kim's story soon, I need a small break.
The main story about Chloe and Derek was believable even for insta love and blended well with the Archer family back story. A wonderful novella written so well I felt like I had just read a full length novel with a nice flow and engaging story line.
I enjoyed that the main character was the youngest of the sisters. She was determined to win back, what her father gambled away.
Not as long or as detailed as I had hoped, but still a good and helpful read. I recommend it.
All her books need some editing, because of repetition, but they are fun to read and the characters kind of suck you in.
Good book great storyline would recommend this book to anyone interested in reading a fast paced easy to follow book.
I always enjoy these "Sloane Monroe" mysteries. Fun to read, engaging, great characters, even though I am not really fond of Giovanni. I know he is intended to be a "mystery" inside the mystery, but I don't trust him, and I get annoyed that Sloane does, even though she questions herself on that score all the while. Eventually, it will likely come out that he's a really good guy, but I won't believe it until the Author says so! :D Always a good story with lots of twists and turns. Keeps me interested throughout.
I thought this book was very fun and enjoyable. I certainly wish there were more in the series. It does fall into a bit of fanservice/m'lady type thinking but other than that it was a good action romp.
Really enjoyed reading this set of books there was excitement, adventure and a lot of romance if you like historical love stories you will like this set
Good character development and realistic story line.
This is a well written novel that gives us a look at the bar side of internet communication. It points out how children may be vulnerable to predators. I think it opens parents eyes to make sure their children don't become victims. It looks like Phil did his research before pinning this novel.
I've read the series and while I enjoyed this latest installment, it's not quite as action packed as previous books in the series.
This book contains delectable formulas, however it likewise portrays and discloses how to begin and keep up a sound veggie lover consume less calories. There is an abundance of data that answers questions I had as a tenderfoot or more responses to questions I didn't know to inquire. Astounding!
I was intrigued by the synopsis and how this story would end. It's a story that has a lot of sadness but also love .... and yes, a HEA. It's a timely story with all that is going on in the US. A compelling read and diverse. I did think that there were some loose ends along the way and the dialogue and thoughts were interesting ... I didn't mind it, but it would go from sad to sweet to lusty AF, lickety split. Dylan Allen has a new reader in me and I could kick myself that I waited so long.
James Kipling writing style is awesome! This murder mystery book had me at the edge of my seat.
I just finished reading the last book, and I am sad it is the end of the series. I truly enjoyed playing sleuth alongside Margot Durand, and oftentimes I would be able to solve the murder, only to be trumped by a fresh piece of evidence. I will miss North Bank!
This is one of the first books in a long time I did not want to finish. All three of the books are captivating. They are tied into each other but you get to know each character even better. Which you will love with these books. I got close to every person. It is like a TV series you don't want the season to end. But you can't wait for the next!
This book was excellent. It provides an in-depth discussion into creating mental models that align with the mental models of users. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about the subject.
Classics! Must-reads. So much depth for a "children's book," adults could read it a dozen times over and never cease to notice something new.
This keto book is exceptional and i think best book ever and i really recomanded it
The Ketogenic Kitchen is a good book for sure. Those tips made my day! Great recipes, now I can cook far better.
Good story and it flowed very well. I would like to read more so I have ordered more. Look forward to the hole series.
This is a great book. I have read this bokk very well. There is no wrong and written with good contents
If you want to save time, money, and like to eat delicious food this book is for you. There are 70 recipes that have been written with step by step instructions to preparing healthy weight loss lunch recipes.
The entire Ballsy Boys Series is excellent! Looking forward to Pixies story !!! A very big fan of this writer !
Once you start reading you will never put it down. With every page turn you find excitment
We are not vegetarians, but everyone in my family likes healthy nutrition. In this book we found very good recipes. This book is great for vegetarians, or even just for people who want to cook more vegetarian dishes, such as we. Recipes are easy to follow and I believe you will enjoy these dishes.
Great read, it's helpes me to solidify what I already know and look at things from a different way of thinking. I t's also helped me out to improve myself and gives the power to control my emotions. I really satisfied to have this.
I'm amazed that it is possible to get such insightful quality information for such a great price. Clarified some myths and aiding me in making some prudent stock trading decisions. Will be watching SEC investigations more closely now )).
A little different from usual Braun tales but enjoyable reading
I read this in only a few hours. It was absolutely heartwrenching.
Loved this series!! Though I do wish the ending was more, it was a bit predictable. Wished maybe it was like further into the future. I absolutely loved how strong willed Riley was, that she didn't just give in cuz she was in love with Beck. So definitely worth reading, sad that it's over!
Bravo Dennis! I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to take charge of their destiny. Great real life tools to help you move forward.
It was very enjoyable. Am looking forward to the 3rd book, Avenger. So far I haven't been able to order it.
This book is great for healing the soul, also if you feel empty inside this book is for you.
Lives can seem jumbled up or a mess, but with each breath, there are new chances. Each of us, touch people who are around us.
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT
Great book I enjoyed reading can't wait for the next one
This is a darker Fey book then most on the market. With a touch of steampunk and one magical story.
It was an interesting read, how different worldviews clashed. The relationship between two grown siblings that I both liked and truly admired.
This is the first book I have read in this series by these Authors and I find the story great. I enjoyed the. Book from beginning to end.....
Loved it! A new twist to supernatural novels.
I cannot imagine what it would be like to have a childhood like this. I love the PBS tv show but our the book is different and it follows Gerry more than the family. Some great laugh out loud parts and some sad parts, but all in all an enjoyable read.
Just finished it! Loved it!
I absolutely fell on love with the characters and how Rachel wove the storyline together. So many life lessons in this book!
Reading this I can understand why so many courses start with vocabulary, its so important. Using this with my grammar book is starting to make Thai click for me.
A much different story than book 1 but an incredible expansion of the universe created in that book. Highly recommended
This is the same cord that comes in the box with your iPhone/iPad. It has worked fine for me so far. Does not come with a wall adapter, FYI
Tay is awesome. Even as a person who is also in the same industry Tay has been a GREAT influence to me especially my transition to the vegan/vegetarian lifestyle. Very knowledgeable and passionate and I'll continue to work with him. *****
Great intro to investing. If you are new in stock market, then this book is for you. You don't need any background o experience investing or trading.
Great starter book for those interested in trying out the Keto. So we all heard the craze about this new diet, however, the information I found was pretty intimidating. This book was really good at explaining what Keto actually is. The recipes are super simple and you probably already have the ingredients in your pantry. Definitely recommended for newbies looking into the Keto diet.
This was a great read. Enjoyed it from beginning to the end. Looking forward to next book in the series.
The unconditional love that Nathan had for Nat was heartwarming and beautiful. My heart and soul have been nourished. Stories like this are too few.
It took a bit to really get into this book and understand it really is her diary. However once you do you won't want to put it down. It gives you a genuine look into what she was experiencing from a young girl to a grown woman. It made me laugh and cry. She writes so well!
One of those that you Can't put down until the end! Anxiously awaiting the next BOOK AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! PLEASE!
This story was simply captivating. I could not put it down. This is my first read from this author and it will not be my last. It's a modern day kinky Camelot and I loved it!!!!!!
I am not a fan of , they are over priced and overrated. That being said, these headphones are awesome! They pair effortlessly, they sound good, and so far have a great battery life. Being able to charge them with the same cord as my phone is great.
This one is Thomas's story. It captures his heart and love for family n his lady love. Worth the buy.
Can't wait until the next book, always a great cliffhanger at the end. Would highly recommend this series and the I am number 4 series.
So well written, exciting, incredibly sad, scary, a roller coaster ride of words and emotions and action. Just get it and read it.
Great book...many great recipes were made in easy steps...like to cook after reading this..many author explained step by step in clear wording..smoking meat is one of my favourite book..
I loved this story! Her heroines are so very real. It reminded me that we all need to appreciate our loved ones!
Have read them all and look forward to the next
A complete list of great plugins for those who want to be up and beyond other sites.
I was excited to have the opportunity to preview this book and look forward to using my slow cooker more often. I really like that this book has recipes that I have not seen elsewhere and not just your standard pulled pork, chili and soup recipes. There is a section for breakfast – something I had not thought about using my slow cooker for. The recipes are creative and healthy. The author includes variation tips with each recipe and the ingredients are easy to source. There is a section with vegetarian recipes and a section with simple sides at the end of the book.
I thought the book was good, it had romance and excitement which a reader loves. The main character was a woman who was cheated out of money and a good life by her deceased selfish husband who gave all his money to his children by his first wife and left her with little. She was a strong willed woman who showed she can survive found a place to live and a job and a man to love.
loved this book, reading the second one now
I really loved this book .Lynn Austin is one of my favorite Christian author's. You won't want to put this book down.
Great book...really many tasty recipes are there in this book..which keeps you fit and healthy..I like this helpful guide very much..author explained very well..highly recommended
Enjoyed characters and story line. I have downloaded the others in series. I do not think I will be disappointed. Series is worth reading. Thank you for sharing your gift 😊
Spoon the rice mixture into the mushrooms. Pour in the broth, seal the lid and cook on High pressure for 10 minutes, Do a quick release. Garnish with fresh cilantro and serve immediately.
sounds almost too realistic to politics today
I love Eden's novels and highly recommend them as good clean romances. Well done! Can't wait for the next one!
Love this book! In addition to the fact that it has extraordinary recipes, yet it additionally separates the Instant Pot and clarifies essentially all that you could need to think about it. The tips and outlines are especially useful for somebody like me who is continually endeavoring to change over recipes to the Instant Pot. The book covers the majority of the elements of the Instant Pot. Highly recommended!
This was exactly what I was looking for in this fourth book and kept me hooked through the whole read. I highly recommend reading the whole series/ anything by Jay. Absolutely love
The book was very smooth from one scene to the next and the author kept you reading and you didn't want to put it down
Swami Ji has a way with words. His writing is so honest and heartfelt that you just want to trust him. But he does one better. The sound logic and wonderful anecdotes make his book compelling and difficult to ignore. Read this if you, or anyone you know, need help and want to give your life a new direction.
This book is AMAZING!!!! It kept me on edge the whole time. I honestly felt like I could picture everything I was reading in my mind, as if I was watching it on TV. Such an easy read. I have a couple bones to pick with this author- he really had me emotionally invested. I was so transfixed in the story that I couldn't see the plot twists (WHICH ARE AMAZING) coming. Also, you NEED to write a second book cause there is so many things left unsaid that I want to know. I think this book would be a great TV Show. In fact I think this book turned into a show could give The Walking Dead a run for its money. All in all, if you want a good book to escape into you should read this one! Guess I have to wait around and see if he does a second book, till then I am going to be reading it again because its that good!
This author amazes me every time I read one of her book, I'm pulled right in with the very first chapter!! Emma and Jax have secrets that neither one them wants to reveal but in the end, they are going to have to suck it up and get over with!!
Great! Easy recipes to follow that have ingredients that are easy to find, inexpensive and healthy. It has recipes that will fit in your eating plan whether your diet is vegetarian, meat lover, gluten free, sugar free, or dairy free...recipes for everyone! Well done!
The author captures what family dynamics can be with teenagers, work and unfulfilled dreams. I really appreciate that she didn't need to have a villain. Life is confusing enough without demonizing partner or kids for that matter. Well read.
If you want to learn the art of using block in autocad 2018, this is the book for you. There is so much information I have learned from it. Also, this book is well organized and can be used for a course or self-study.
John Jake's is a fantastic writer. He puts his characters into historic situations in a way that is absolutely phenomenal. As with all his historic stories you can not put it down, no matter how many times you have read it.
To have a man love you as much as Jesse loves Ava would be amazing to have. Their love for each other is sweet but toxic in it's own way. Jesse is messed up with his controlling ways but Ava is so in love with him until she puts up with it. This book has put me through so much emotions but yet it is so addicting, I have to know what happens next. As stated in my review of book 1 you have to read this series.
Once again Grace has managed to wrap me around another set of characters that keep me coming back for more and waiting with baited breathe! While this was NOT what I was expecting in the Virgin series, it stayed true to the Interstellar Brides series giving me characters that pulled me in and left me riveted from page to page. When I came to the end I am embarrassed to say that I shouts "NOOOOOOOO" for all to hear on the plane where I was reading.
This was a great book about F. Scott Fitzgerald's last lover. I cheered for her every step of the way.
This book gave me a feeling that I personally knew Martha and George and I eagerly read each incident as I would a letter from my only sister. Beautifully done
I have a sister and we are very close. It is fun reading about three sisters who get along and stick up for each other.
This book had taught me how I can create healthy and delicious meals for myself that are low in carbs and will leave me feeling high in energy. This book teaches me what meal prepping is all about, what its benefits can do well for me, and the steps that I can take in order to find success through this by implementing it
As a retired teacher myself I nominate Jordan Peterson as Teacher of the Year. His book provides excellent insights into the challenges and problems of ordinary people like you and me who are struggling to make sense of the world and to cope with its incidents and trials. That's the first aspect. The second aspect are his plans and procedures which lead to the formulation of effective attitudes and values. This is where the book is so valuable. It opens up a path of hope for people who want their lives to improve and to have meaning. The rules Jordon Peterson outlines make perfect sense once he has finished explaining them - in fact many readers will wonder why they didn't previously see what was staring them in the face. These rules are particularly helpful to young men and women commencing their adult lives. These rules clarify what may have only been perceived dimly or not at all. While reading this book I felt that I as a fallible human being was being reached out by another human being who understands the potential of any of us to make poor decisions as well as good ones. The many incidents that Jordan Peterson describes in his book by way of illustration bring a very human dimension to his work. If you have older children or grandchildren buy a copy of this book for them. You will give them a true investment in their future.
Perfect lots if appendix forms to help in my counseling and coaching office
Five stars---Lynette Eason does such a great job with her books!! This was the third book in this series about Rose Mountain (especially about Reese & Maggie)!! I have enjoyed the series & highly recommend it to everyone!! If you have not read anything written by Lynette Eason--- I recommend that you start reading her books!! She is a joy to read!!
The 6 year old didn't care much for the story. He thought it was a little scary. The 3 year old loved it "because". He liked the little scary.
I like the way you write, the full description of the characters, the interesting and fascinating plots, and the story line that holds my interest for the whole book,and of course the romance that flows thru the whole book.
An engaging read about how mental illness destroyed a happy household and how the system repeatedly let them down. Also touches upon the stigma associated with mental illness and ramifications to all involved including the children. A heart breaking story about how a happy family was eventually torn apart and how helpless each person was throughout the process. Once started, very hard to put the book down. My heart goes out to Bill, his daughters, and especially to Sandy.
Excellent book if one is interested in physics
I really loved this story. I didn't even realize until I was finished that it was loosely based on real events and real people. This was a true love story during a time that saw too many obstacles. I loved the characters and the sense of place. Well done!
Was a great read enjoyed it Can't wait to read the next one Great story line and great book as a whole
This was a very enjoyable read!
This book is amazing! Creative and tasty Chicken Recipes. and Put all ingredients in slow cooker and cook on low for 6 hours. Let cool to warm room temperature and strain. Keep chilled and use or freeze broth within a few days. recommend this book to everyone interested in healthy and Over 55+ Low Carb Chicken Recipes, Dump Dinners Recipes.
The book is very engaging and intelligently written. Jason Kirsch is highly credible and he explains with great detail. I highly recommend this book.
Great Guidance book ever. I loved all the measure thing's author added in this book really it work's i helped me in my improving for Wicca learning !. Great Book indeed. Suggest to all
This is a life saving book for gastric stage one and two patients. This book is the ideal book for somebody who is thinking about the gastric sleeve technique. Well ordered it sets you up for the method and the way of life change that quickly takes after the methodology. The recipes in the cookbook part of the book look very great and truly simple to boot.
With global climate change this is a very real scenario. No matter what, we have to believe God is still in control.
Amazing keto bread cookbook.This book have many recipes easy and tasty.I would recommended for everyone.
Wow could some one tell me who was the inspiration for this series. Men in this book are 🔥, lol.
I thought the killer was someone else for most of the book. Did not see that one coming at all.
Love this series! Filled with action, loving & sass! Definitely worth your time!
I'm a beginner in options and have learned a great deal from this book and would recommend it to anyone. I feel that I can manage my risk more effectively and make better overall trading decisions. I actually look forward to trading a bit more and then reading it again to learn even more.
I really enjoyed reading this book because it taught me a lot of stuff about camping which I actually didn't know about which could make a camping experience more awesome!!!
This is the second of a great relaxing whimsical book.
This is a very good written book that provides a different view of history. Very entertaining and informative, give you a new perspective of current events
The Awakening was a big surprise and once I started reading I couldn't put it down. What I love most about V Plague and this book is how much effort is put into the characters personalities. I feel like I know each and everyone of them . Can't wait for the next book!
Interesting read. Nice cross section of the American society during WWII. I found interesting the many stories of the people on the home front and how the war effected change in their lives.
Enjoyed, prayer, all my life. Finding people, who pray, are difficult to find and have as friends. Glory to Jesus. .
I loved the characters in this story...Amelia and Anthony, but also the Hawthorne family. The plot was enjoyable and made me want to read more stories about the other family members, too. Would have loved this story fleshed out into a full length novel. A great read!
Great book, from a great man! I hope that Mr. West run for POTUS. We need him!
This book has added many exceptional recipes and also helpful for all of us. Here we have the goddess as the source and origin of all things from her we come and to her,So far I've made some meals and they were really amazing! The recipes in this book are easy to make and do not take that much time as we know that it is important to everybody. There are money and time-saving tips inside that will help you to integrate the Keto diet pretty easily into your life as you will be able to make most of these recipes ahead of time. Highly recommended!
The end of this series was as excellent as the previous books. I too am sad to let go of Brad and Julia but designed they appear again in Hollywood Dirt. Well done Alessandra!
Author does a good job of providing a simple plan to get FU money. A good easy read, it seems as though much of the book is also available online on his website.
Typical cozy storyline, with strong characters, make this an intriguing read. Not many surprises, but potential for a good series.
Such a fantastic book, could not put it down. The Turks are my favorite series and was excited for the additions and epilogues. Adler and Sage were sweet and had such great chemistry and even though this book has some grief and sadness the love really comes through.
A very inspirational book full of miracles A wounderful book of faith inspired words to prove God's spoken word .
Another great read ,highly recommended ,the only disappointment is having to wait for the next book in the series
Good fiction can be character centered, plot centered, or even, as in many historical fiction, setting centered. Rarely does it fulfil all those categories at once. When it does,,it's fully realized. This charming romance is fully realized. Set in Louisiana during and after a hurricane, it has believable (in its own world) characters and plot, and a gentle reminder of a world we all wish we could live in. Recommended for readers of sweet romance.
Entertaining storyline with simple sentence structure makes this a great book for intermediate German learners. I'm in the process of reading everything she writes
The word is insufficient. I bookmarked half the poems. The one about desire v. value served as an aha! for a relationship I ended.
I was really in a rut with my crockpot, making the same few dishes over and over. I really like the variety and simplicity this cookbook offers. It is the first digital cookbook I have owned and I'm finding it to be pretty convenient.
I have heard it too many times, but something in this book and it's author made it make sense and it turned the light bulb on brighter than I could have imagined. I hope everyone reads this and has the same reaction!
This book has been written very well. Ketogenic Diet Handbook is the book for you as we have included a combination of in-depth knowledge & proven methods & recipes that will get you to lose weight & burn those fats fast! These recipes are delicious yet highly effective & have proven to work for others as well. I enjoy it !
This is a book written, not by some combat hero, but by a normal American infantryman. The experiences and feelings the author shares are those shared by thousands of similar veterans, many of whom assumed that they alone felt this way. His conflicted feelings about the war and his duty to those he served with along with the many years it took to come to terms with how he felt will resonate with many who served during this conflict.
Pres is a sweet and sexy love story. I fell in love with Emerson the sweet nurse and Ryker the strong alpha President of an MC. An insta-love story that is a must read.
I speak only a little Italian and this is actually a great book to learn dialogue and conversational Italian; the stories are not overly complicated and if you know basic Italian vocabulary you can understand the main plot of what's happening. I think this book is best for those who have reached advanced beginner or intermediate level of Italian. Overall it's a great story book, I love it!
This is such a fantastic book. I can't say enough about it. It is beautifully written, with realistic dialog (not common in fantasy), excellent characters, and it just never lets up. It doesn't break any barriers in terms of fantasy tropes, but it is so well executed, it doesn't matter. I had an northern African-type world invaded by southern African-type invaders in my head as I read, but it's so well done, I think each reader will see their own versions of Mr. Winter's world. That is the best kind of writing, in my book. I read it in under 24 hours, didn't sleep. Wow. Just wow.
Who never wanted to know what happens after the happily ever after. I know I do... lololol. This is an absolutely wonderful follow up to Reece's and Dane's happily ever after. This book should be read after the Big Bad Wolf's Ex and Her Wolf in Shining Armor. You will see how beautifully the story flows and you'd be thoroughly happy you picked up this series. Go ahead take a read...I know you'll love them.
Book was great from beginning to end!! I really enjoyed it and I couldn't put it down until I knew how it would end.
Informative book that could be your best guide specially if you want to learn more about cryptocurrency. I was so impressed on how this book was written because you will learn a lot from this specially if you are a newbie. Perfect read.
Such a useful and fresh instant pot whole 30 cookbook. I believe as the author said that learnings you get from this book with completely transform your body and overall health for the better and new you. The information provided on these pages, as well as the suggestion it gathered, are worth far more than five stars and I would consider this book to be a great bargain at twice the price. Keep up the excellent work.Author described every single thing very clearly with some proper explanations.
I have read the entire series and I am excited for the new ones, they're the ones I haven't read yet soooo! Yeah I am beyond excited!!!!
I read a lot of different types of books. I always enjoy a good mystery, and this is one at the top of my list. The story Ms. Clarke penned deals with real-life issues - no spoiler here! The characters depicted each deal with tragedy in their own ways - and the ripple effect those ways create makes a great story that, for me, touched my heart. Human trafficking, abusive relationships, deception and manipulation, forgiveness and love of family and friends. This book offers a bit of it all and I wholeheartedly recommend this book and this author to everyone.
Interesting exposure to Seminole culture.
This book definitely has me loosing sleep. It was great. Will definitely continue to read more from this author. Thank you
You don't come across stories like this everyday. A wonderful treat. I will definitely be interested in more of Creeper's adventures.
Thanks for another great story line and giving the military experience to a woman! YES! Finally the woman isn't there just to can and care for the little ones. Although they can do that too
nice variety of cheap meals and its good if your traveling and want a cheap home made meal. (- :/: -) ~ ~ * * ^ \……/
I loved this story from the beginning. So rich with history! The way the author weaves the story from past to present was great. When we were in the past I did not want that to stop and then in the present I did not want that to stop. The author gave a nice balance.
This little book is very challenging. Can I allow the hard times in my life to do what God wants them to do, and mold me more into Christ's likeness? The author speaks from her heart as she shares what God has taught her. This is a book I should reread frequently.
Absolutely freaking loved this book. Great flow, characters you'll fall in love with and plenty of hot and steamy. The dynamics of this book was an emotional rollercoaster. I highly recommend this book. I voluntarily read and reviewed this book and this is an honest review.
What a crazy adventure! Read this book and see if you can follow all the clues to the killer!
Loved how this book ended Bravo team's love stories
Tragedy can change lives, sometimes for the good and sometimes not. Very typical of Danielle Steel, it had a happy ending.
Haley struggles are real and Cord is trying to keep his distance but you can really dont think he can. This series is just so awesome. The characters are amazing the stories are emotional and Donna brings it all together with a book you wont want to put down. Come enjoy a great read.
That was a powerful story of love,loss and tragedy. My heart broke for Coen and what he had to endure. Tears fell as he healed and found love with Riley. Grab this book and a box of tissues 💞
Fabulous ending to a fabulous series. Totally can read all in the series again and again. Wonderful read. Ready to read more from the writer.
Awesome, you wont be able to put it down.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and the one before it.it was such a unique idea to write about. I had a difficult time putting it down as it really sucks you in.
It's a world most of us will never know, so why not believe? Plenty of American heroes, a great WWII yarn, and mankind is saved. The boy and the girl find each other.
Great story, I loved the characters! Nat's refusal drove me crazy, but I loved his wit and determination. It made a great balance overall. Vi is on my follow list, I'll be reading more books from her for sure!
this book provided much background and connections that filled the knowledge banks to overflowing. Much of what was already thought was provided with backup.
This book will help you learn and understand more about Intermittent Fasting. You will be able to know how it can burn your fats and eliminate those unwanted fats in your body.
I've read them all. Confession is as good as any written by Grisham. I look forward to many more. Thanks
Outstanding story not just of the 2016 Ryder cup but the history of this event and so much other wonderful content in relation to the modern professional game.
This is one of the best books I've read in a while. It was very interesting, innovative and captivating. The descriptions of the different races and characters were all extremely in-depth and created a clear picture. Every time I read the book, everything else disappeared around me and I got transplanted to a different world. The ending is perfect, a great ending of book 1 and a cliff-hanger for book 2. Can't wait! Update: Just finished book 2, which was even better than the 1st volume, can't wait for volume 3! As others have mentioned, the book is light on LitRPG, which in my opinion is a big plus. The author touched on levels, level increases, different skills and capabilities, but otherwise left them mercifully short. In other books, there are only so many times one can read through character's skill and level pages before just "reading sideways" and skipping over them.
Great series waiting on the next book.
Update from Original: the company contacted me and sent a replacement under warranty. It is a beautiful case, just be mindful that the area above the power port is more delicate.The texture of the material and finish are beautiful, but the case itself is not very sturdy. The portion above the power input chipped off after a few weeks of use. Save your money and purchase a different case.
This is a very well written autobiography of a career navy pilot. I enjoyed his honest approach of his abilities and limitations as he saw them, and especially his excitement over each new career opportunity. This was an excellent read. I salute you sir. Thank you for your service, and for giving me many hours of enjoyment reading your story.
For simple infections like a cut on the arm or even on the toenail, mix peppermint, sage, and cinnamon essential oils. Either apply this directly to the affected area as often as possible or apply it.
I can't decide which book I enjoyed the most. Each had its own unique style and mystery with delicious baked goodies. I can't wait to read more!
What a great read ! You won't be ready for the ending ..You go Harry Bosch ! Lucy Soto is a great new character.
Such a great pull on your heart strings- the ones that control passion... pure, raging passion. Some words of caution- don't expect any responsibilities to be tended to until the last words read!
Excellent storyline and without gratuitous sex. Every romance writer should learn to craft a story that brings readers back for more without having to resort to soft porn to attract them Great book!
this is good book for communication in this book we learn the all levels of the communication and the report writing.
Keto book are good for food lover. It's also weight loss and good for health . I read this book . Good mixed ingredient makes food very tasty
Anything Cherise Sinclair writes is great - and THIS series is the BEST of any I've read to date. Incredibly well written; the characters and situations pull you in and keep you wanting more. When's the next one?!
I cried, oh god it was ugly cries the likes of any I have ever had reading a book. Della and Ren will never be forgotten but their son...... absolutely devastated me. These books will forever be my favorites. They shall never be forgotten!
I Love this series...It makes you laugh and the End makes you cry.. I'm hoping that Ember and Alec have a chance... Can't wait for the next one to come out.
So many feelings that we have every day Loved this book
Really funny and oh so true!
This interesting book is written about fortnight battle royal, an ultimate game guide. The authors have been able to highlight the contents of the book very well. I reccommend this book to new Fortnite players because they will instantly be better than before they read this amazing book!
Loved it hopefully more excited are written for us to enjoy buy this book an enjoy it for yourself too
This book was to short I needed more ..it was so good story held me in my seat .I can't wait for another helping of this author
This is one of my all time favorite series. It is beautifully written with mystery,romance, comedy,tragedy and good vs evil. I love each new book and every new development with these beloved characters!
Even in our deepest suffering we have a way to glorify and give to the One, and the world, encouragement and hope not found by worldly antidote.
I like the Family oriented ethic that Sam Prichard represents and promotes throughout this series
I'm not really a fan of anthologies. I never finish them, but this one I devoured in two days. All of the stories were amazing, but I need to highlight GL Bailey's and Tate James' stories. They were amazing! If you haven't picked this up yet, please do. It has something for everyone.
At first I was unsure of the story plot. Then it became apparent and I could not put the book down. It was insane but a good read.
I like to spend my time with this book! Good!
The book is well written and easy to understand guide for meal prep recipes. These recipes are delicious and easy to make. I select this book to see its logical cover and get meal prep recipes on the demand of my husband. The book is really deserve highest rating because all of us are highly satisfied with this book thanks.
This is the second in this series I've read. They are a pleasant, sweet read. Interesting, fun characters.
I really liked this story. The characters were great and there was a good balance of predictable and unpredictable. I finished in one night .
Unrequited love that becomes a secret Vegas marriage...what could be better! Trey and Sandy find one another again and their HEA.
I enjoyed this book because it told a story that felt finished. A light and happy child becomes a dark and suffering shell. She endures her suffering but rebuilds herself by helping animals and people survive. Only by becoming Green again could she survive.
This book help me understand Linux which I've never used before. Easy to understand for some one who never used Linux. The information that I have right now is enough to get me started. I am not that confused anymore. Thanks Gary.
Loved the stories, cliffhanger(s) maybe. All the stories left me wanting more. Personally, I found pretty much every emotion in the stories. I intend to read them all. Enjoy!
A humorous, well written book. I'm just confused as to where this series starts. This says "book 2" but after reading both of The Second Dark Ages books there seems to be more books before this one under different series titles.
Just hard to put the book down. Liked the way the author traversed the different battles. Very realistic and puts you with the people fighting the battles.
I have been loving this series! I love that Violet is so many different things and she surprises us. I love the humor and banter that keeps me reading more!
Liked the characters and the story line. Overall good mystery . Would recommend for anyone who wants an easy but intriguing story
Really love this book the characters just jump out. The love story is heart breaking and heart warming all at once
I love these books but this is my favorite so far. Louise Penny's writing is magical and the characters are complex - each with a dark and light side.
Liked the explanation of the witches powers. Dark magic should never be allowed in the hands of inexperienced mortals. PR, like politics, is full of lies and half truths. Interesting, engrossing story that keeps you turning pages.
A beautiful BEAUTY AND THE BEAST rendition. Bella has been attacked and is homeless. Her only hope is for The Beast, Blake, to help her. Mistaken identity leads to humorous and electrifying results
I found the journey in this novel so compelling and engaging. It had me hooked right to the end. The flashbacks and the present struggle were well interconnected. Great read!
I have a deeper appreciation of Grant, the man, than Grant, the general, as portrayed in other histories. The relationship between Grant and Twain has also been under-recounted. This is also a good source for filling in some blanks in the American story.
This woman is an amazing author. I would recommend every book in this and the Mudbug series. Hope she never quits.
I decided to get this book as my sister who is also a nurse has been reading the paperback and seems less frenzied than she used to be. Now I can see what she's doing differently and I hope to follow suit.
This clear, non intimidating guide shows you how to use VBA to create Excel apps that look and work the way you want.
The story, for me, was fast moving, the characters were well defined, with locations described well enough that I was in Tennessee. I read a lot, and I mean a lot, and this book gave me a great deal of enjoyment. Loved it, and would highly recommend it!
I've been reading this series and it's fun as hell. You can't help but get drawn in. It takes you away and keeps you wanting to read more.
Ask the Organizer covers a lot of ground and is great for stimulating thinking about how my space could be improved. Here's the thing I liked best - she uses links to specific Pinterest pages for each area of the house. And it's great! I read it on my iPhone with the free Kindle App, and I could click on the Pinterest link and come right back. Yeah. It includes so much - some of which doesn't apply to me, but might apply to you - garage management, children organizing, time management, etc. etc. Altogether a great resource, conversational, inspiring, down-to-earth. Through it, the author's good spirit shines through, and motivates me.
I don't often do reviews, however, I stared this book on Saturday, it is now Sunday evening and I have finished it. I had trouble putting it down. My laundry didn't get done because I just wanted to get back to the book! This is the first book of Sarah's that I have read and I guarantee you, it won't be the last! I can't wait for the next book!
Interesting characters and mystery with a supernatural twist and some twisted characters included. Different than anything else I have enjoyed reading.
I just finished reading the first third of this series, having waited a bit on it for the other two to be out or forthcoming. It is about a teenage girl, Mei Lin Yu, who is named after her grandmother who is one of the founders of their new world. Ten of the richest families left earth which was in decline and set up on a new planet, somewhat pushing the native people to their will. The final ship of Reachers (that helped build the first ten ships) may have never arrived. There are interesting animals, people with some extra abilities, and politics. As Mei is inconveniencing her brother and her parents are always off pursuing their careers elsewhere, she is shipped off to finally meet her grandparents for a couple months before she can hopefully get into the best school (at least if her parents' arrangement for a makeup exam following her missed one due to eye surgery gets her in). Well, she immediately hits it off with a monkey-type of animal and it sleeps at her feet and she talks to it, seemingly getting appropriate looks of compassion back. The people are interesting and she has several discoveries as she tries to connect with the lovely place where they live (not hard to do). The mysteries are beginning to unfold and many suspicions are being worked on. Can she help the local people she is coming to cherish? Is she really just a child who must honor her parents and their wishes? Does she even believe in these supernatural abilities some have claimed exist, including sensing weather patterns and talking to animals? She needs to know more and so do I. Can wait to read more, but I was pleased the way this book ended without a completely abrupt event that left me hanging in the wind too much. It was written so a teenager or adult can enjoy this captivating story.
Jeff Bezos life is full ground-breaking lessons & advice we can learn from. This book had the greatest life lessons from Jeff Bezos, wisdom that can be easily applied to your own life. They were carefully selected and dissected in meaning to help you gain the most out of them
Wound Tight is a sexy little novella that combine the Rough Riders world with the Blacktop Cowboys. It a fun read with lots of dirty talk. Callie Morgan is an independent, sassy young woman that knows what she wants and has the drive to go get it. Justin Donahue is a retired bull rider who has been working in various jobs trying to find what makes him happy. He has had a series of bad relationships with woman who just wanted him for his money. Callie and Justin have instant chemistry but can Justin get past all of his hang ups to try and have a relationship with her?
I love this translation. It just ignites my heart with God's love. It is so easy to understand and I'm so excited about Isaiah.
Great series, best of the three books.
High quality and very value for this price. Very fast, Receive it next day. Wire has a solid feel, Is malleable enough to bend nicely and doesn't feel cheap like others I have bought. The molded ends are well made and have a very durable appearance. Much better than the original cable in my opinion. They charge very well. They are strong enough for my sons dangerous hands. I bought a second pack of these days after I got my first pack!
You can help but love Ove!
I loved the book I can give a five stars. It was impossible to put it down. I loved the innocence of the boy, the values described are strong and it takes your attention all through the book. The loving care of the staff of the house is quite amazing. That boy only gets love from the mother and the staff and that is what keeps him so innocent and loving.
I'm not a spoiler, but have to say this is one great book! It is very well written, story is real, meaning the sacrifices that one in love would go through to save the other. There are so many twist and turns, you'll not want to put it down, and bite your nails trying to not go to the end to find out what happens. But you don't! You want to wait it out and find out why things are happening, what's next, who will be the next target. So many ups and down, but so worth the read. And did I mention HAF? If you like drama, secrets, danger, love, hate, and hot men, this is the book for you. Highly recommend as a super great read and look forward to more.
Although you may be gone long before my kingdom come, I would like to thank you in advance for the knowledge you have Given me in this book. Thank you, God bless.
I loved this book. I feel learning and experiencing a historical figure from a wife's point of view is always entertaining, even though the facts may have been stretched. The writing was very good as I felt a close bond with Eliza as she developed into the strong, independent woman she became. Very good read.
I absolutely love the Summer Lake Silver books. Please write more...Marianne and Clays wedding and now Chris and Seymour 's. I know I sound selfish, I was married 48 years before my husband was taken from me. So...I'm living vicariously through Summer Lake.
I throughly enjoyed this book but it was not what I expected from a Dean Koontz novel. I would definitely recommend it.
Coming from someone who is very new to strength training and weight lifting, the Daily 30 is a great way to help me stick to my fitness goals, something I have never done well in the past. It also has helped me learn the importance of mobility in physical fitness, something I had long overlooked. I have been starting to use this routine as part of a warm-up and it has been enjoyable and effective so far! On a side note, I have spoken with the author of this book on numerous occasions and can undoubtedly state that he is very knowledgeable on this subject. Mr. Mathias has helped me in more ways than I can count and I would strongly recommend any of his books.
I love the 3 grandmas they were funny and feisty. The book never told about the spears getting arrested and paying for their crimes,never elaborated on him getting out of jail just left everything hanging
I love this series. I can't wait for the next book to arrive.
Exellent writing , kept me in suspence wondering what was going to happen next. You wont regret buying this book .
Her writing is more complex, thought provoking than I had expected. The characters are well developed and have more to say than f* "$%k me. They are easy to relate to and care about. Can't wait for the next book!
This was a book I read at one sitting. Intense and spellbinding. I would tell anyone to read this book.
All of the attendant stories that connect so many of the actors and characters in the Outlander Universe. Answers lots of questions about what happened in the space and time between.
Wow! What a story, one of the interconnectedness human beings create for themselves, accidentally or intentionally. A story of a mother and a child. A story of other mothers and children. A story of a journalist who does the research and travel to get all the facts necessary for the truth to be discovered and reported. A story of the harsh realities in war torn South Sudan. A story of love and anguish that exist side-by-side in such a locale. A story of sadness and despair and infinite hope and joy.
OMG! I have found a new author for adults! Alexandria House is a magnificent author who uses vivid imagery, vast descriptive vocabulary to increase the reader's knowledge while keeping your attention! I purchased her book from Amazon at 8:30 and I am on chapter 13 in less than 3 hours and was at chapter 23 by 2:30 a.m. I was even not sleepy for work because I felt sooooooo relaxed and couldn't wait to get back to reading. Book is finished and I am purchasing book 2 tonight!
With some attention to cooking time and temperature on different models you will be able to make this cookbook work well with any air fryer. Give it a try - you will love it, I'm sure!
Where to start with this book 🤔? Once upon a time there was me looking for a good i could relate to so a friend sent this book to me, while reading I laughed, I cry and cuss the author cuz lord knows what she did and I was devastated. I couldn't believe how relatable this book is, because even tho is a fiction of the authors imagination it touches some real life stuff that you'll have to read to see what I'm talking about, I love every aspect of it and can't wait what you come up with next wink wink shoulder nudge nudge 💜.
An interesting book about the Norse Mythology, Gods and Goddesses of Greek Mythology and Egyptian Gods. This book has ignited my curiousity about those famous characters I had seen in various movies. Upon reading, it broadens my knowledge about the ancient Greeks beliefs. I want to know more those fascinating gods and goddesses stories to name a few the ever famous Helen of Troy, Zeus, Athena and Medusa. A good read.
A great series. There was a little to much time between 3 & 4 but that only meant I had to reread 1-3. That wasn't really a terrible thing to have to do. The epilogue to 4 was enlightening and confirmed the feeling the books gave me about Emily's character. Enjoyed thoroughly.
Harry seems to get away with a lot more than anyone else would . That part doesn't play well. Wonder how long he would last in a real world police department.
This was a great read. Hard to put down. Quick-paced story with many twists and turns. I would highly recommend this book. It's not my normal choice of reading material plot-wise but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Do yourself a favor, and don't miss this exciting read!
This is really awesome book! I have read many books about alcoholism and this book is so full of accurate information that it actually snatched up some of the facts presented by the Arthur
This review is for Chosen Blood. I love reading about Demons & Angels. I love this world and the characters in it. This is a different world with action, potential romance, and enough twists & turns to keep you invested in this story. I received an ARC from the author and I am leaving this Honest review because I choose to. I loved this story enough to get the boxed set. On to the next story.
I loved this book. I never knew beer could be so complicated to make or sell. I also didn't know how it could be considered an art form. The family part of this book had me hooked and I almost didn't want it to end. It's one of those feel Good reads that stays with you for a long time after. ❤️❤️❤️ Maybe more of a 4.5 stars but I'll round up for the sweet feeling the ending gave me.
I learned a lot from this book. It gave me a greater understanding of what is going on and how I can better manage.
its rare that a single (or duo) of authors invent a whole new discipline. But...here it is behavioral economics. Great read.
Since we were not there we have to accept reported stories as truths from the best information available and this book seems to do that in relating the lives of Killer Billy the Kid and his killer Pat Garrett who but for the turn of a card could have been an outlaw himself. A very interesting book that not only relates seemingly accurately the life of Billy but the lesser known life of Pat Garrett, the man that made it his life's work to bring to an end the life of the Killer despite that many of the problems of the day were brought on other unscrupulous men of the times.
I love Penelope Ward, like so much I always end up reading her new releases the night they come out. When I saw that this book was going to be able two peoples who relationship started over the internet I knew this book was going to be one I was going to love. I love when the foundation of a relationship is set up before the two people even meet, it really forces you to connect with the characters more and be more invested in them and their lives. Ryder was an interesting character. He's smart and hard working, I felt like he was still trying to prove to his dad that he was going to be ready to take over for him one day, but at the same time he was also having some second thoughts, like he hasn't really figured out what he wanted to do with his life yet. For someone who is always on the move with people all around him he felt very lonely to me. It wasn't surprising that he ended up reaching out to a random person online, although the fact that she was a cam girl was a little surprising. I have to say Ryder is just so lovable, he's kind to Eden, he's interested in way more than what she does for a living, and when they finally meet the way he is with her and her home life, I mean he couldn't be any more great. Eden, wow, Eden. I have a lot of respect for her, I know a lot of people look down at people who do things like be a cam girl, but sometimes in life you need money to take care of your family. And frankly she's amazing at taking care of her family. I loved seeing her and Ryder interact. I was invested in these two, and the chemistry was awesome. This was another great addition to Penelope's work, and I can't wait for the next one.
I'm amazed that the Reacher novels seem to continually get better. No disappointments here. I just regret that I'm nearing the end of the current series.
We loved the adventure in this second story of the Brother Wars! Several parts had us laughing out loud as we followed Harry through his often difficult summer journey with his older brother. Other moments reminded us of important lessons about how we treat others and act in different situations. This book is perfect for anyone who has siblings or just wants to sit back and enjoy a great story!
Five stars as a rating for this book doesn't come close to doing it justice."King David Speaks from Heaven:A Divine Revelation" was possibly the most encouraging book I have ever read,besides the Bible! If you want to get a first-hand account of King David's life that accurately describes in detail some of his most painful and joyful times on earth look no further.I was blown away reading from King David's own words, through Matthew Robert Payne,how he dealt with the many attacks that came against him.He was indeed a Man after God's own heart! David never gave up on God.He shows us how if we have faith and patience,God will make a way where there seems to be no way.I couldn't put this book down.So I didn't! Not until I had read the whole book.King David's interview will truly open your eyes to the goodness of God and encourage you to hunger for an intimate relationship with God the Father and Jesus.Everyone should read this book.Thanks Matthew for another awesome book that is literally OUT OF THIS WORLD!
This is the best cookbook for vegans who have reached a plateau in preparing their own meals.It has good tips on prepping for the week and recipes. Includes suggestions on storage wares. Easy to read and understand.
Been a long time since a book has held me so captivated & enthralled. Deep, exciting, moving & Inspiring, Mitchell's command of the English language is unparalleled. Never wanted this book to end.
I'm two books into the Kyle Achilles series and hooked. Really fun reads. Great thrillers
Excellent AF cookbook. This book has lower in fat and calories. If you're trying to lose weight or decrease your fats consumption without modifying, I will suggest this AF. From last few days I am following, it's really working.
I read this fun novel in one sitting and enjoyed every page. I think my laughter every few pages scared my pets!
The first chapter is a a stunner, followed by twists and turns that take your breath away. A well written story of cultures colliding in modern day Israel.
I had trouble putting this book down. How easy it is for misunderstandings to run lives. Brings out God's love and mercy.
Great recipes inside and i really enjoyed reading and learning about this diet and the book also shows how this kind of diet works and it discusses the benefits that this diet could give and it provides a step by step guide how to do it effectively and it also provides recipes that are very easy to prepare and very delicious and i would definitely recommend this book not only for those who want to loss weight but for anyone who wants a healthy life. This book is what I have been looking for long time, the strict and easy to follow keto meal plan, as this is always hard to make plan by yourself that's why I was looking for such book that can be my guide while I am keeping my keto diet.
Great book for someone who has lost a pet.
It was a great book with a great message.
I love the way Graham spins a tale. Thank s because you k was well did he and the final chapter wraps the story nicely
Great Beginner information for those looking into going carnivore. This is a short but extremely effective book. I do not want to go into why or how low carb diets work, I am just telling you that this diet is really effective. This book quickly gives you the tools needed to follow a carnivorous diet. It will be something you can quickly refer to and see what you are doing right or wrong. I do recommend.
This book will manage you to put resources into your business for making your business more productive. It will guide you the right way to your business and gives your profitable methodology for your business. Fresher will get more viable plans to begin their speculation effectively. I very suggest this book.
Everyone loves Dr. SUESS
Hot, Spicy, Funny, Action packed, loved reading a good story form start to finish.
Refreshing and real. Even if you aren't currently in a romantic relationship don't let that stop you from reading this book. It is full of gems that apply to not just marriage but life's many relationships, that you want to cultivate throughout life.
Good air fryer recipes. I like this food and enjoy eating. Easy to follow and understand this recipe and cooking technique. Overall, the best book for healthy lifestyle.
Seriously love this book. It's tied for my all-time favorite. It's not exactly light reading, and the first time through it can be hard to keep track of who's who. But the story is so rich, characters so well developed and everything with so much detail..... Love it.
Okay, I just started reading this book. All I can say is, what Chrystal has shared so far, I too have experienced some of those as well. I was like gurl we have walked a similar path. Reading the book is like I am actually reading my life story. Only up to chapter 5. After each chapter there is a Reflections for the Rescue. I have written answers to the questions under Reflect. This book well make you open up to yourself especially, after you read and answer the questions under Reflect. That's all for now.
ideal for tenderfoots, esp the notes on precious stones and fundamental oils. I would have given it a five, however I couldn't discover any data in the book on nourishment/diet which is imagined at the extremely top of the book!
Loved reading the books after watching the BBC series.
My Interest is peaked! I Look forward to seeing what transpires between Jameson, Emma, Asher, and the others In Bad Behavior!
The only thing I don't like is that I was not able to download it to my computer
Definitely a five star book. Never wanted to put this book down. Heart pounding for sure. I recommend this book to anyone who loves a good thriller.
This book is excellent Programming for Beginners. The author tries to keep the readers into the book and it's very useful. The book was excellent at explaining the operating systems configuration and where logs should be. The author tries to keep the readers into the book and it's very useful. The book was excellent at explaining the operating systems configuration and where logs should be.
Great book. Facts backed by scripture and/or historical documents, which brings the ancient and current Passover to life. A must read for all Catholics and those trying to understand the Eucharist.
I enjoyed the reading. It had a great plot, I couldn't put the book down. I would recommend this book. The only thing I disliked about the book was it was extremely long. I think it was longer than it should had been with some unnecessary information that could have been left out. It made the story drawn out but nevertheless it was a great book.
A great short read, finished it in one afternoon, love this series, strong males and women of "substance". Looking forward to more stories.
This was a perfect book to began and continue my education on investing in the stock market. I am so happy with the quality of the information and the affordability!!
I like this series. It gets a little slow at times but is worth staying with. well developed characters and has good grammar
I loved this trio. Great characters, great fun and a good exposition of character development and growth. Kieran and Alexis are great as they get together and the supporting staff are funny and engaging.
This book was a page turner from the very start. I found it very interesting, being a native of San Diego, to hear and visualize the places the author talked.
I loved the story and characters. The author had a wonderful way of describing the human feelings and flaws of the people in the book
This book is a must have for vegetarians, or those who cook for vegetarians. As a major foodie, I'm in love with this book. Very excited to get cooking with such yummy vegetarian dishes.
Three people's night of horror described with exquisite skill brings the reader to a level of understanding not usually found in stories of Britain during the blitz.
I saw the movie first. The book filled in the gaps of this sweet and loving story of a boy and his horse. Highly recommended!
I carefully read the book Overthinking and learned a lot from it. Which is playing an important role in my real life. Moreover, with this I have been able to change my self-esteem and mental attitude to success. The book changed my life. Thanks to the author.
I liked the information an composition , the reference material is especially interesting, I do recommend this book to anyone wanting to know about ancient history and where we came from.
The ending surprised me and that's hard to do as I'm an avid mystery reader. Writing style between years kept me guessing where this was going. Enjoyed it immensely.
Great book if you bought an air fryer and want some more recipes!I just tried a few recipes, but it's really a good starter book for learning the initial use of your fryer.
As a self-taught leader and business owner, it's often hard to find the right resources that speak to MY situations. As my business grows, learning to be an effective and genuine leader to my employees is much harder than the actual work I do! Meredith Holley's book, The Inclusive Leader's Guide to a Healthy Workplace Culture did two things for me immediately: 1) It gave me a sense of relief because she speaks to exactly what I need-clear, concise and relatable situations that I can easily layer over my own experiences. 2) It gave me tools to begin looking at my business with the goal of creating a stronger, healthier and more welcoming environment for my employees. Meredith Holley does a great job of making the information presentable. She breaks down the idea, provides examples of real life situations, and gives concrete tools to implement the idea. She manages to do this in a manner that makes space for personal reflection without shame. Several times while reading through her book I found myself evaluating myself and how I responded to past situations with employees. Each time I moved to negativity about my choice, the next sentence would be a reassuring nudge that moved me to a new and more useful thought process. This book gives me an opportunity to look at my role in my company's culture and to create a system of empowerment so I can decide what, when and how I want to make changes in my company. This is a quick and insightful read, and I know I will come back to it many times to make sure I'm creating the kind of working environment I am proud to be leading. Adrienne Black, Founder and Director, Heart to Hands Surrogacy
Quick read! Keeps your attention
Very helpful for training my messed up rescue. The writing is excellent. Contains both scientific info and humor. This method does work even with an older dog with a past. My only wish would be to meet the author someday.
This really works! Thank you Brandon. This is the first time I have successfully trained a dog. (Puppy). She is a pleasure to be around now. The techniques are explained very well and the stories of other dogs are relatable. I feel like a successful and better dog owner rather than a dog trainer.
Lots of surprises and plot twists. Several times thought I had it figured out only to be intrigued again. Good suspense tale.
Very good quality, bought for my niece and it was easy to put on. No more scratches!
You can't put the book down. The book is a great read about a special hero. I wish I could have heard the stories he told!
I haven't been able to put down any of Webb's books until they're finished... then I want more. They all have a similar feel, with old houses & creepy goings on... but they all have different twists and I love it! But now I've read them all... waiting on the next one!
Interesting take on an old topic. Great spin off of the zombie genre and thoroughly enjoyable. Will have to read the rest of the series for sure.
Sounds good. Have not .had a chance to start
Lauren Carr really impressed me with The Last Thing She Said. I loved how she wove characters from previous books and series together, and tied them into a cold case mystery. The humor in this book is laugh out loud. There are plenty of cameo appearances by Gnarly, Sterling, Storm, Thor, Traveler to keep the animal lovers happy. The references to Robin Spencer, Mac Faraday, Archie, the Geezer Squad, Chris Matheson and his family all kept me happy. The book is a gem with so many facets. I loved the mystery of Mercedes Livingston and her husband, the romance, the twists, and of course the canine crime boss!
I enjoyed all the twist and turns of this book. It gave me something to think about. It seems for every technology advancement there are new problems.
Loved it. I can't wait to read more of your stories. Needs a part two it. It leaves you wanting more.
Another good Ginger Gold book
I really enjoyed this refreshing love story. I remember when handwritten letters were a treasure to receive. I can't imagine an entire courtship with letters exchanged between the hero and heroine with neither revealing their identity. It's a brilliant way to really get to know each other without all the interferences from family, friends and social events. Beautifully written!
An intense, captivating, exciting first book in this series. I enjoyed how the storyline detailed Conway and Carter's secret life in the cities underground world. Conway's obsession with his Muse and anticipating where this journey will take them and the threat to his Muse (Sapphire).
I love reading about the lives of those who live in Three Pines. Louise Penny knows how to masterfully tell a moving and heartwarming story with just the right amount of suspense and intrigue added in.
If you've heard about the ketogenic diet, but are at a loss about how to get started, this is the perfect book. Even seasoned keto/low carb diet followers will find info and recipes to add to their repertoire. There's an excellent introduction to keto diet, with shopping tips. The recipes are simple and tasty, with ingredients I can easily find at my local grocery store. Robert has created easy to cook recipes that my family absolutely loves.
This book had me captured from the start. The characters were intriguing and kept my interest throughout. There was a lot of emotion in the story and you had to feel badly for just about every person. Can't wait for the next book in the series. You will enjoy all books by this author. I have read many and will read more.
I take great pride thinking I can guess who done it. Well not this time, the end threw me, but the also kind of made me wish Ben would have come out better in the story line. Couldn't put it down so its all good.
I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this. I read it in almost one sitting, only putting it down to actually go do my job.
We have ghosts, a wedding to plan complete with crazy wedding planners, murders that seem unexplainable. A thoroughly interesting story interwoven with humor and suspense. I will be following this series.
Excellent storyline, full of emotions, wonderful characters and the author put you the reader in the mindset to picture the characters and to feel their emotions.
This is more than a story , it's the truth . God bless all our soldiers. Heroes all. My blood pressure will probably level off in a few days . This is a book I couldn't put down . My heartfelt thanks to this soldier / author and all who protect us from evil.
Loved the book, hated the ending.
Mr. David provides a fair amount of background on the field of data science and follows it up with a comprehensive and practical framework to get any business started down the path of leveraging machine intelligence. The case studies at the end are very helpful in cementing the book's concepts.
The way Mr. Bradshaw writes makes his characters come to life. Not flowery and overdone, just good solid writing. Keep up the good work.
A very unique and somewhat existential book that is not just for children. This book actually gets you thinking. There are some concepts addressed hear that take you out of the ordinary story book and into an outer world that is just as real as we live in today. I can't wait to see what else this author does!
The author --- Bob Woodward a most respectable and great writer tells us everything we need to know. The facts are given -- its up to us to access them and decide what decisions we want to make for our country. Do we sit back and do nothing, do we contact our representatives and demand action --- its really up to America who they want to be ...
Loved the stories but the omissions of words, bad spelling and grammar were a disappointment.
As per usual Jason hits on everything those seeking the information he's so knowledgeable about. The book is well put together and written and covers essential steps for someone seeking to get out of the rat race earlier than usual. Like most things Jason writes about, it's not for everyone or the faint of heart but it's a great instructional guide to get you to early retirement. I'm mentoring a young adult right now and I'm going to recommend this book. Thanks again for writing the great articles and now your 2nd book. Congrats
How to keep motivated and keep the high productivity is a challenging task for me. I love this book as it show the way of how i can do it and change my lazy mindset. Highly recommend
Used this book for pleasure reading
A very thorough and accurate account of the life and disappearance of a very courageous and talented 8th Air Force ace.
This story is a true love story but it also explains a lot about autism and dealing with an autistic child. It really brings home the problem those parents deal with on a daily basis. There was a bit of frustration when Jace and Glory couldn't seem to figure is all out, but then that is the story isn't it? On a whole I loved it.
This book is a quick read that sucked me in from the beginning. It's about a first love and giving it a second chance again. Loved it!
A highly enjoyable light romantic suspense. Emma and Brad make a believable, interesting couple. I enjoyed following their story and watching each battle against their own demons, finally coming together and realizing they need each other. The writing is super readable and the secondary characters shine. Also, the setting is vividly drawn and I'd love to spend more time in this world with other couples. I hope there is more to come!
A wonderful devotional dedicated to what it means to live with Holy Spirit, to love Him, to be intimately acquainted with Him, to walk with Him according to the Scriptures together with His revelations and spiritual gifts. Very practical, simple yet profound, and educational. If you want to know more, or to become one with Holy Spirit as was Jesus, this will be a wonderful guide for you. I wish it could be required reading for every Christian after the Scriptures.
Really good one! Everything Just made really good sense to me. Just by changing few words, you will get the wanted answer!
Learn the essentials of the diet. This book was recommended to suit my needs.
I could not put it down. It is relatable, real, and very well written. I highly recommend it and give it 10 stars!
I seldom read a book a second time but Harari has written about so many important ideas that i'm reading it again.
I heard an author interview and immediately bought on kindle. Now I will have to purchase again as I like to have hard copies of the best reads available to pick up and enjoy the old fashioned way. The only disappointment was that I covered 440 pages too quickly.
Would definitely recommend this book to readers who like strong female characters and handsome, caring, really hot detectives. Excellent book.
This is a well researched, suspenseful book based on a lot of interesting historical facts. Interesting characters with unexpected plot twists make this a great read. I highly recommend it.
Liked the fact that some of the favorites were back in a different setting. Didn't like that I read it too fast. Now hungry for more and hopefully the final Showdown and end of Blackjack. Awesome read!
I liked the divergent timelines
Great story line with believable characters that ensnare you in their life. Can't wait to start the next book. Wonderful escape.
I didn't know what to expect when I saw this. I love travel books so anything about travel experience I will give a go. As soon as I started to cry with laughter reading about the kangaroo incident as a child I was hooked. So funny. This man certainly has had an interesting life.
It contains alternate points of view and strategies on the best way to stir your actual internal potential, however, the best part was the some genuine stories of individuals who defeated difficulty and triumphed inevitably. They share details of how they found their footing and learned to carry on and live a rich and abundant life.
We oft times forget the bravery and personal sacrifice the men on both sides made during a terribly vicious conflict. Pacing history and individual valor keeps you infused as if you were there.
Excellent historical account of the days immediately following the invasion at Normandy. Looking forward to No Less than Victory to gain insight as to obstacles comforting the Allies as they make their way through Belgium and Germany
I really enjoy the bed & breakfast series and reread them frequently. Clam Wake was a little slower than the rest but still enjoyable.
This book engaged me from the get go. The character building and writing style kept me guessing and it then held me to the pages. Can't wait to get started on book two.
Keeps getting better. Love the characters in her story.each book can be separately or read the whole series. You will not be disappointed.
Loved the book, the story of ordinary people living their lives in this typical to the times American town. Then an evil occurs, then another and the suspicions and the reactions of those in the town and members of Frank's father's congregation are exposed in a way that is familiar even now when tragedy strikes. Great characterization. Good advertisement for Packard and Buick as well. :) Although only Buick survives.
Fabulous book! I was completely engrossed from the very beginning and couldn't put it down. If history class in HS had been this interesting I would have been a better student! When I finished, I downloaded another novel by these two authors on my kindle!
You are missing out if you pass up this offer. Terri Reid is one of my favorite authors, you won't be disappointed. And good news, you won't have to wait for the 2nd book!
I really enjoyed this book. The triplet connection made it really interesting. The story was good and I liked the interplay between the uptight sheriff and the somewhat disorganized assistant.
I absolutely loved this series of books. The show followed the books pretty closely. I would recommend this series to anyone who likes adventure and intrigue.
Just as excellent as the first one! And just as suspenseful as the first POD. I'm very excited about the third one too!
Simply fact based and an excellent read...just as good as his first!
Loved the first edition when it came out in the 90's. Brother Ravi has not skipped a beat in keeping it relevant to the times in which we live. With the rise of the new atheism after 9/11 to the present day, this book presents a cogent response to the question, can man live without God?
I started listening to this series as a way to entertain me during a long daily commute. And they did entertain. Fast moving, action oriented stories. However over time the characters have also evolved. They have flaws, secrets and inconsistencies, just like ‘real' people. This book may have been my favorite yet, I look forward to the next episode.
After day 5 I was sold on Susan's idea and I started looking forward to the challenge for the next day.
This last book is fast paced and reveals it all. Magnolia must go through all kinds of pain as the truth comes out.
I enjoy British mystery writers and these books were very enjoyable.
Ah....what's not to love? The story is hot, sweet, and beautiful! A must read!!
Reading this book felt like a puzzle set out before me. I had all the pieces early on but didnt know how they fit together. The author takes your hand and leads you down an amazing, glorious path, explaining the need for each piece. The end result? A master piece.
This story drew me in and wouldn't let go. I just want to snuggle up to the main characters and stay there forever.
I liked both of the stories but I particularly like the last one and I was able to guess who did it . I highly recommend this book it was extremely interesting and I read at a fast pace!
I have only read two of your books, but they are great!! Well worth 5+ points. Excited to read more. Keep them coming.
This is an old fashion police procedural. It's wonderfully witty and very enjoyable. I had never read Colin Watson before but intend to read the entire series.
This is a clean romance with some steamy kissing and a clean after implied intimacy moment. Amber has absolute confirmation that her barely-ex-live-in-boyfriend for the past year is an exhibit A, first class pig. Now, she gets to face her small town as the inspiration for her ex's novel, thanks to a televised public sales kick-off. Scott, her best friend, has expressed the desire for Amber to become more than his forever friend. Dang, he's hunky. Present to help Amber at every cross-road, Scott really is the best guy, ever. Amber, "also now known as Ember, in her Ex's novel," just has some hang-ups to resolve before she can really consider settling into her foundations and roots. Who is her father? It's always been just Amber and Gloria, her mother, but maybe her roots spread much further than she ever imagined. Maybe this small town is more entangled with her own life than she ever realized.
Interesting guide about python programming. All what you need to know about this program, in this book. All information described in detail special for beginners. I advice this book to all.
Ok so this was a fast moving book but it was perfect. Sometimes you just have to go with the flow and not fight anymore. Jameson and Addison had that chemistry that could not be denied. I could not stop reading this book until it was done. They were such strong willed characters. Yet he calmed her inner rogue shifter and she made him see what's possible if he let go of past hatred and resentment. I love these two together. They make all the other characters shake their heads and that was an awesome moment. Beta loves Beta.
I actually liked the soup recipes so much.Those are really healthy and delicious.The meal plans will guide to through the path to weight loss and also you can modify the meal plan too.
Very good book for those who are interested in making evergreen passive income. The content is clear, with accuracy. I have learned some effective methods to help me with my future passive income stream. I enjoy this book!
This was as good a story as any I have read. Written very much in the David Baldacci style. Xxx
It is great to see concerts, musicals etc and get close up to the action. I like the small size that fits in my purse.I can't believe it's such a great price!
Book was well written. Characters had depth. Enjoyed the book immensely. I look forward to reading othe Red Ledger books.
Very easy to read. Points made sense. Only person you can control is you. I plan to re-read ,exercises are worth doing.
Some of the best, coherent, concise writing and reasoning I've seen from a scientist. One of the most brilliant men I have had the pleasure of discovering. I recommended to an atheist friend of mine who told me Sanford is right after reading just the first two chapters of his book. He is still atheist, so if you have preconceived notions about this book and the author and his worthiness of your time I suggest you put your pride aside - if Sanford is right it has serious implications for your worldview and nearly everything you've been taught about our world, life, and yourself. Don't be afraid of the possibility that what we have been taught is wrong put that ego aside and just read
Excellent book. Well paced, engrossing, and full of good story. If you like Stephen King you will like this author. He is not quite as "wordy" as King but that's OK. Good read, highly recommend.
First book I read beginning to end in ages. Worth the read if you're serious about improving your health. Give it a shot
I could not put this down, I have missed two meals! The love of Jesus became real in this book. Being one of four, this helped me understand how important truth and words are. We all need a Sierra in our life.
I loved the way they just found her in the right moment. They were the perfect guys for her. I'm a huge fan of reverse harems.
Kind Ella And The Charming Duke is a fantastic historical romance by Bridget Barton. Ms. Barton has provided readers with a well-written book and furnished it with outstanding characters. Ella's mother marries a wicked earl soon after her father dies. There's no love between Ella and her step-father and step-sisters. Rufus is a duke in search of a wife. Rufus and Ella's story is loaded with drama, humor, action and spice. I enjoyed reading Kind Ella And The Charming Duke and look forward to reading more from Bridget Barton in the future.
Very well done a pleasure to read. Finally a sub novel that is more than real. It does a brave job for the men of the silent service thanks
Loved the book! Quickly drawn into the world she created! Different type of shifter story. Completely enjoyable!
A hair raising book filled with awesome action and ruthless murders. The gang of criminals are so scary and seem to unstoppable- enter Lt. Kane and his team of officers.
I really like Pippa's writing. This sci-fi slash fantasy combination has me hooked. Cannot wait til the third book is released. Plot keeps you guessing about what challenge will come next, and how will the character grow with it. Please keep this series coming...quickly preferred. ;-)
This is word of God printed in love and transformation its amazing , thanks for this ABSOLUTELY thank you!!! Full recommended
Great plot. The H had a lot going on...relationships with family members, with God, dealing with guilt, making her business successful. Really enjoyed the very different personalities of the characters. Good reading!
My worst fears come alive!!!! I was too terrified to read but too engrossed to stop
I really enjoyed this book. It was very funny and felt like I was listening to a friend. Plus I couldn't help but read it in Sarah's voice, which frequently made me smile.
This is the third Jane Davis novel I have read quite without planning to or ever having heard of her. The subjects are compelling and important to probe for our own humanity. Smash All the Windows is a dark journey with strangers you normally would ignore on the underground train, but here come to cherish in your shared grief and healing.
Great book. Internet dating.....hmmmmm. Page turner for sure. Really like this author AND love that it isn't a 5-7 books series!!!
I LOVED this book. There was a bit of a twist in that we knew who and why in the opening scenes then we got to experience the journey of how we got there. Excellent story telling as usual. These books are like tv episodes to me.
Another great book, always enjoy reading A J Stewarts books. Light reading and good mystery to go along with it.
Loved it. Liked it enough to buy the next book. Easy to read and readily holds my attention. I looked for the next book in the series.
This book is everything I hoped it would be and more. I like how the author keeps you interested in what's next. Speaking of what's next, I cannot wait for more. This was a hard book to put down
The sexual tension between Thorn and Mila escalated into him taking her virginity in this installment, however a bad meeting with the people he is working on a project for causes his to come home and dismiss Mila. Putting her back on day shift at the office. Can't wait to see what happens in the final installment.
This was an exciting book. It was hard to put down and I read it in a day. The suspense was palpable. Awaiting anxiously for the next book in the series.
I liked it . I wonder what would part 2 be about . I can not wait to read it
I loved every single second of it! She hit so many things right on the nose! I think it gives a really good insight to what it's like to be a daughter of Mexican immigrants and being a first generation to want to go away for College and being parts of an Arts program. So many good things about this book!
Excel is one of the most powerful software tools in the world for collecting, analyzing and summarizing data. This guidebook is all you need to know the essential tools of Excel. This book is written precisely and step by step process which are easy to understand. If you want to be Pro at Excel then this guidebook is must for you. Recommended for the beginners.
Wow book with colourful pictures and real facts about keto. I have read this book 2 weeks and I like it because I found there what I need.
Could not put it down. Great romance! The love between Richard and Gwen is a love that is timeless. Wonderful!
Very loving story how two people had all these obstacles in their path that they had to overcome but true love conquered all.
Great follow up to the first book in the series. I was hooked from the first page. How can you go wrong with werewolves, vampires and witches when the story is written this well? The author does a wonderful job of keeping the suspense and action perfectly paced throughout the book. The main characters, Sam and Lance, are well written and well developed. I highly recommend you read both Blood Moon and Acid Rain. I look forward to reading more.
Toy, Cara, Miss Lovie and Little Lovie plus all the others people in this story just warms your heart. Such loving and caring people. But the turtles, they really make you want to become a turtle lady and help them. Such a heartfelt story that makes you hope there will be another book to continue on with this story.
The story was so skillfully written, as to keep me reading as much as I could at a time. Great, but a different type of murder/ mystery kind of book. I'm at a loss to guess who else might like the story, but I sure did. If you could stand to see someone else's extreme frustration over a mental breakdown, this could be for you.
This book is very interesting and rich of nice examples that, altogether, give a really good idea about how complex and vast software development is, but also how much fun it can be. Definitely recommended for those who like to learn by doing.
After all this time The Night Before Christmas is as loved as it was when I heard it the first time and subsequent readings over the years still a classic
This book is amazing! The characters are so wonderfully written and unique. Can't wait for more in the series!
I really enjoyed reading this book and found it difficult to put down. I'm a fan of historical novels and this is the first Rutherford I've read. Loved reading the history connected to so many streets that I'm familiar with - highly recommend it!
Oh my gosh these romance novels are really hitting it deep. The plot was just carried off well and the characters brought the book to live great book Loved it
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Lots of action,made better because of his age and the maturity. Super reading. Too bad there's only five stars for the rating,it deserves more
This was chosen by my book club. An outstanding book and not to be missed. The story is compelling. I could not put it down. Highly recommend.
Good book and well written. Some typos but not glaring as to distract. I liked the book until the last few chapters. In the beginning religion and God were mentioned a few times.No biggie. But the last few chapters were heavy on the religion. I don't normally read religious based books as I feel they are preachy. Would have been an awesome book if that had been left off. Wish the authors blurb would warn readers about the religious angle.
wonderful story couldn't put it down
I have enjoyed every single pages through the whole read. It was no interesting read, where it has shown the twist and turns so amazing which turns the read more interesting.
I love this book. Finished it in one day. I would recommend it to anyone who struggles to say no. After reading this book Ive gained insight as to why Ive been struggling to say no for most of my life. I also love how the Author makes sure that you understand that learning to say no is a journey and that starting small is the best way to succeed. Amazing book!
Intermittent fasting is an excellent diet for effective fat burning. The author of this book successfully combined the ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting. You can find detailed nutrition protocols and clear instructions for following the combined diet inside.This book contains many delicious healthy recipes that are easy to make.
Great book. I love this book. This is really great. I would must recommended for this book.
I freaking loved this book so hard!!! Ellis and Heathen were perfect for one another. I love their darkness. Tillie Cole did an amazing job.
Loved how the author transition between the three generations. A quick read and a view into the life of a Midwife.
The story unfolds well, good believable characters, enjoyed this fist Sam Callahan book. Will read another. Quick, interesting, and keeps your interest.
That was a very learn-able book. I am reading this book all of the chapters I found lots of essential information it's very helpful for Learning Techniques, Sharp Memory, Increase Reading Speed. I applied this book all of the instruction I got find a better result. I truly appreciate this book. Thanks
I am enjoying the series so much.
Enjoyed it very much . Funny, great characters a lot of potential to build on them in future books. I will definitely read another. Think she has a winner!!!
I loved this book its well written and can't wait for the second book to see what happens. Everyone should read those book
Interesting story and a good read. Love the fact that even if out past are not the best in the world when we find the right person to love part of our past melts away.
This story is an amazing story of forgiveness. It is so well told and the characters are so interesting and exciting you can't help but want to stick with them.
I really enjoyed this book! Finished it in a day! I wish all of the books were available so I can keep reading... I read half of it in the end of the Buttons and Lace series and I've waited so long to finish it. I recommend you read it, but if you're like me and read quickly, maybe you should wait until a few are available.
My idea of entertainment is something to take me away from real life. I like to laugh. I Love Lucy is still my favorite TV show and always will be. So, in that respect, I like books and movies to either be funny, or action/thrillers. This series is both. I love the premise - writer that keeps writing events that come true (frankly, this one made me wonder if some of the spying could really be happening). It's hilarious that Ian's antagonists think he's a master spy when it all turns out to be dumb luck. This book was more "in depth" than the first one, but nothing that is difficult to follow. I like the relationship that Ian and Margo are building. Laughed out loud at some of the "President's" tweets. The book is pure fun. Don't look here if you're wanting your fiction believable, or serious. I see some of the one star reviews are because they are reviewing for it not being the genre they are looking for and that's kind of ridiculous to do. Looking forward to more in the series, also like Goldberg's collaborations with Janet Evanovich.
Great book obviously given my rating but it's so much more. The detail and ability to tell a story by this author is extraordinary. Though I assumed they would be triumphant at the end, I didn't see the twist of the tale. I am looking forward to finishing this series in book 3.
This book is one of my favorites! It tells a story that involves love and pain trial and error. It tells how mistakes are made and corrected. This is life. It isn't just a HEA full of gushy gushy feels. Love it! Thank you!
As usual Julie garwood brings her characters to vivid life. The romance and suspense will have you rereading this one over and over again. I did.!
Easy to understand for someone who has a good foundation in computer tech. This book is a great starter to help understand the basics of programming. I have only read the first half of the book but it has helped me so much so far. I was on the fence on what to major in at my college and this helped me to choice the right path and have a head start on what I will be heading into in the future. Very helpful and useful.
Strong characters, great story. Really enjoyed.
Love Susan Stoker books. Look forward to when they come out. Have read all of her books.
I loved this book, the characters and especially the love scenes! Looking forward to reading the next series. You are going to fall in love with Simon's .
This is the best book. It's like a miniseries. Twists and turns, tragic back story, romance and mystery!
Unique group of retired police detective characters in a unique effort of solving cold cases. Great scenes, great characters and fast-paced sequencing. I like the author and will read more in this series starting with the nest book, Cold Call. Highly recommended.
What a good book! Kept me glued to my kindle!!!
Another great veggie lover cookbook. The segment disclosing how to utilize a weight cooker is particularly useful. The soup section is my top choice.
This was a book full of suspense, love, and intriguing, multi-faceted background, but uplifting in that the author highlighted the application of many spiritual truths that one often misses. The twists and turns in the story were surprising and often left me with pausing a few minutes just to project the upcoming events. I will definitely be on the watch for other books by this new author.
It was a great read i am looking forward to the next installment can't wait to get started on it
This book makes a lot of sense. I have been on a diet for a month now and have not lost any weight. I have, though, maintained the weight i started with and have seized gaining weight. But i don't want to maintain this weight, I want to lose weight! This book tells me what I have been doing wrong and why just cutting calories won't do it. I am very excited to implement these new tricks to optimize my weight loss. As a physician, I can say the science of this book is on point and made a lot of sense in terms of weight loss. The background information provided in the book helps me to understand how the diet works and why certain things are necessary for weight loss occur. It explains why you have to change your food choices temporarily to get to the size you want, and then when you get there, why you can eat whatever you want as long as you stay in your calories without gaining weight. I had always wondered why this was the case and had mistakenly thought that i could eat whatever i want and loose weight as long as I'm in my calorie range (which is not true and has never worked for me). I would recommend this book to anyone who has ever tried a diet and didn't loose any weight. Also, this book is an easy read. I just started and finished the book in less than two hours.
Love this book, love the chemistry between Emily and Nicolas, I only have one negative things to say I wanted to read more about their lives after the 30 days
But are they safe? Will love conquer fear? Will honesty be enough? Can a wiley little arctic Fox save the day? Oh my! Need a smile? Read this story!!
This is a fast paced book of underwater adventure that follows hero Mac Travis as he moves to the Florida Keys to get away from a girlfriend who works in strip joints and takes drugs. He meets up and goes to work for Wood, a marine engineer who is suffering through hard times due to a drinking problem and gets overlooked for big jobs. Their adventures together includes treasure hunting and victims of the mobsters who want to put a casino down in the Keys. Great story and first in a series that I plan to follow.
Works much better then my PCI adapter. Way stronger signal strengths and fast download speeds. Super easy set up and nice software included.
An agonizing yet intriguing story. As I began to suspect the truth, my heart broke as the author drew out the tale of sorrow and redemption.
I'm only about a quarter of the way through and loving this! I bought it to support the cause and am super happy to have a chance to learn about all these authors I've not yet read! I'll be ordering lots of ebooks! Thanks for putting this funny set of stories together!!
So glad Juliet came to her own and got out from her Father's thumb. Braden was such a good son. We went thru the same thing with my Mother and this brought back so many memories.
Rich in history with characters that are fleshed out and real! I enjoyed every minute of reading, highly recommended! Looking forward to reading more of this author s books!
This bool was very well written of the secret "war" of Great Britain & U.S before & during WWII. Some of the events were not known for 50 years after the war over & some events were told in the last few years. It is possible that the WAR against the Axis powers would not have been won without "Intrepid" & his vast network of volunteers. The OSS was formed during this time & two years after the WAR ended, the CIA was formed!
This story of a new widow who is struggling to raise her two young children as best she can is touching and engrossing. I loved the description of the goat farm and all the farm animals. The quirky characters were believable and very appealing. The struggles and conflicts the characters faced seemed very realistic. This story of life in a small Texas town moved quickly and kept my full attention. I will be looking for more stories by this talented author.
I wish I would have bought the series. Good read lots of characters though and sometimes l lose track of who is who with the secondary characters but very interesting book overall.
A great review of Kanban, this book enables first-time readers to immediately apply these concepts to their life-work! Enlightening and encouraging, this was instructive & enjoyable - a rare combination! With online communities for ongoing involvement, the knowledge gained will not be lost.
One of a kind instant pot cookbook added to my collection. The ingredients are so great and are recommended.
Easy to read. Detailed. Perfect for beginners
Couldn't put it down. Meticulously plotted with good characters and enough description to set the tone. Every detail mattered and the payoffs were worth it. Had only read Dogs of War and Day of the Jackal before, but glad I came across this well told story. The man can write a thriller!
This book is about a very enjoyable private college reunion weekend between 9 gay male and female college friends including some new unknown partners. This story allows you compare and think about your life experiences to her characters. Haven't we all lived LIFE after college. The characters have led interesting and surprising lives to keep you entertained.
The author knows what he wrote about it.
This book provides a wide variety of recipes that are convenient, healthy, and satisfying. Along with providing recipes this guide walks you through the fundamentals of the Weight Watchers program.
It was as good as the last two books. I really did enjoy it. On to the next Beckett!!! Great
Couldn't put the book down.
I get this book to include some delicious recipes in my recipes collection. That is the reason I get this book. The book is deserve highest ratings because these recipes are delicious, healthy and easy to make thanks.
Love it on Kindle! This is, of course, the best translation available and I have it in print, both formal style and worn out paperback style. This travels easily and I'm glad I'm catching up on the technology.
Oh yes, I really loved this one. The storyline was sensational and the characters were oh so good. Cherry was fantastic, so strong and loving, and Caleb was a hero in the making. All the continuous surprises and the moments of wonderful heat made the book a real page turner. I volunteered to review an arc of this book, and as always, I loved it so much that I had to buy it.
Hard to put book down. Plot and characters keep one interested. Action packed as well. A good series to read.
The eloquence with which Mr. Koontz writes never ceases to amaze me. Though short, this story pulls you in and enriches you, both with plot and characters.
I very rarely write reviews on books, but have read this several times just to remind myself of the selfless love shown by this woman in saving Sadie, how one chance moment, meeting Sadie while delivering supplies, changed her life, along with that of Sadie. It is an important story on how we, as humans, relate to these souls that depend upon us for their care, and love us, even when other humans have so let them down. It is a story about not giving up, about perseverance, even against great odds, and most importantly, a story of love.
Great read. Kept you wondering what was going to happen next. Some funny scenes. Hope more stories come from this town of lovable characters.
you have to read it!!
Love this author. Book is an easy but fun read. Make sure you read the entire trilogy.
How can you not love Anna and Christian? Great tension, personal revelations and of course sex. Reading book three now. Then movies here I come!!
This book contains some great info on building self discipline from scratch or improving ones discipline in all areas Recommended.
good book lot of action
This is an exceptionally instructive book..It incorporates many formulas that are anything but difficult to take after. These eating regimen designs are not precisely the same as the ketogenic abstain from food, they utilize a portion of a similar fundamental plans to help their devotees to lose weight.I got into a Keto groove of eating a similar thing again and again and this was an incredible method to have more assortment without being overwhelming..I truly appreciate this book..
Was a very good read. Kept you wanting to read more.
It's vivid description of love brings you back to the past. It's magical realism is also great for those who are new to this genre.
I read the other reviews, Lucky for me I rarely follow what others write for book reviews. I loved this book. It has everything that I require in a book. Yes, The main character Eden is naive,Not stupid. (She is a teen of course.) But all an all fantastically written. I am an avid reader. I will recommend this book to others.
I truly must have book for those seeking to expand their spiritual understanding on the happy road of destiny.
Every book Kathleen Brooks writes is like a perfect cup of coffee on a rainy day--its warmth wraps you in comfort and leaves you smiling.
The story is riveting and the writing is excellent! C. E. Murphy writes books I love to read. Rosie is a woman in transition in a world in transition. When extraordinary things happen in her life, she finds she is more than a match for them. Monsters, vampires, demons in Detroit in the 1940s. And a hero to take them on. Very much looking forward to more in this world!
The book was well written and kept me guessing until the end. I liked the characters and the unique gifts they had and the book was quite different
I absolutely am in love with this series and the characters in it. Thank you for sharing your fabulous imagination with us the readers. I will not hesitate to recommend this author to anyone and everyone who enjoys a great work.
Enthralling storyline that has me on my toes for more. Just an intro or tease, but enough to be worth reading for sure!
Good book with tips on overcoming addiction to food. Also gives a spiritual aspect to overeating and unhealthy diet and lifestyle. The author and his wife speak from personal experience.
This is a must have product if you do a lot of cooking. It will replace your slow cooker, rice cooker, yogurt maker, and veggie steamer. I use it at least once a week. Safe, easy to use. I highly recommend this great one book.
I am very pleasingly surprised by reading this book and feel so much better. This book provides a lot of ways to change pain, attitudes and what may be ailing me now. Now I understand most of my problems and what's happening to me. After reading this book now I overcome from that situation. I appreciate this book. Thanks to the author Dana Jackson & Ross Covert. Well written.
Story was well written. Didn't take long to get to the point. Enjoyed the reading, beautiful holiday story about forgiveness. 😊
As a former hospital chaplain, now retired, I enjoyed these stories, as well as her own personal story. This is not a warm and fuzzy book. It's told by a woman who is blunt and a straightforward storyteller. It was interesting to learn about the ER from her perspective.
An excellent content guidebook from the Author. Well written and has excellent content. If you want to learn more then purchase this guide and follow up serial-wise. Suggested!
This book may be short, but it is very powerful. I love how the author talks about living in the now which forgetting the past and embracing the future. In this book, you will learn about the advantages of living in the now. I totally agree with the author that being in the moment is the key to successful living - life that isn't stressful or pressured but enjoyed.
It's a rapidly perused book and I didn't see any linguistic mistakes. I completed before a hour and it has connections to different books that I as of now downloaded.
My favorite author ever
This was everything I didn't even know I wanted!!! Love and fabulous Ness. I am definitely buying the whole series now!
Jasper is book 6 in the Stone Society series and I think so far Jasper might be my favorite of the Gargoyles so far. This book is everything you expect from the author of this series. I think each book is just getting better and better. I finished this book in one day because once I started I could not put it down. I recommend this series.
Loved how strong all the women are in this book. It's not just the main characters who show courage. Even little tiny Carly can protect herself. And I loved the end when you find out about Brin the sword.
This book is great and it contains a ton of new and successful advances and data about Keto Meal Prep. I like this book until the end of time. A debt of gratitude is in order for creator. It has included many cooking ideas. All delicious recipes content here. I like this book forever. Thanks for author. Suggested !!
Love how they triumph over adversity and separation. Their love wins in the end, really enjoyed reading this book.
Loved the continuing tale of Jenna and her evolution into a woman of her own making. A warrior, a dancer, a princess, a free woman. Can not wait for the next book in the series.
I enjoyed this book. It's a quick read but it very inspiring. The book of full of uplifting information. I would highly recommend it.
A story about an English/Scottish Lady whose been raised by an abusive father who wants to use her for advancing his own political ambitions by marrying her off. Lots of intrigue and action to keep a reader turning the pages.
Absolutely enjoyed from start to finish. Going to Desire there's new and even some old friends. Didn't want it to end.
A thrilling ride from beginning to end, Samantha is on another roller coaster ride of mystery and adventure and learning to cope with the everyday life of her new situation, from locating a kidnapped child to running into a new friend and thwarting another plot to take over the world. A very good read. John Eric Hyatt
Was very interesting & easy to follow . James Patterson very good author when he writes by himself, not so good when he has a co-author.
Oh my gosh, I am still thinking about this book and I finished it about 4 days ago now. This is a marvelous read! I honestly re-read the last several pages over and over; I still can't believe the ending!
I enjoyed reading these stories. They were all well written and had terrific sex scenes. All of the characters are hot. Very entertaining.
I just finished reading this book and it was awesome! I fell in love with the characters and I couldn't wait to see what happened next from chapter to chapter.
I really enjoyed reading this book, the trials and tribulations that Matt and Savannah went thru, because they were too stubborn to talk to each other.
Can't get enough of this author her stories are brilliant and thoroughly enjoyable,
ALL MY FRIENDS ARE NOW READING THIS AUTHOR
Loved this book! Couldn't put it down
Have only read some of it,but good so far.
Very engaging with numerous plots. Dry hard to put down once you start! I hope there is a sequel to Mr. Rudd. I would like to know if he calls it quits.
Really made me think.
Everyone needs to read this devotional. This is the best one out there. Try it and read it today. D
Kept me enthralled from the first page. Had to keep reading every spare moment I could find. Looking forward to the next book.
The book is easy to ready, well structured, to the point, and contains great advice and blueprint for how to start a successful business. I am beginning my business now. I have the information available that I needed to get started. I absolutely recommend this book.
What a roller coaster the whole Duck and Cover series has been! I was afraid that Wallace would have a tough time picking things back up after the shocker of an ending with book 3, but he definitely doesn't disappoint! The whole series is one of my favorites and Wallace himself resides next to Terry Pratchett in my mind. Fantastic stuff!
I just started book five of the Blossom Street books. Susannah's Garden was number 3. I am enjoying this series immensely. The characters are real, and their life events are common challenges that are relatable. I have enjoyed the ebb and flow of prominence of the different characters as they weave through the various stories, always coming back to the yarn shop that started it all. I would recommend this series to everyone.
Looking forward to using the recipes.
Loved it. More than a great read. Great range of charactors woven together. This book will stay with me for awhile.
I had a hard time putting it down. I enjoyed every minute of it. Looking forward reading the second book.
My niece and nephew loved it. I have had to read it to them at least three times each. Their sister is disabled so it's nice to see a book touch upon that subject in a way kids can understand.
This is not something you may use right away
What a great story one could sense the love and plan of God through the pages of this book really enjoyed reading it
Great story,lots of action,shifters pulling pranks on each other.Grab this book and read it the characters are something else.Get a cup of tea and settle in for the adventure.
Loved this series!! Hard to put down!
I still really like this series, but there are continuity issues: why Jack left SWAT and how their cabin grew a third floor. I hope Ms. Hart will hire a better editor.
I didn't read this book in order, but I still enjoyed it. Max was smart as well as strong, the perfect woman at the perfect time.
Easy and quick way. It discussed almost everything about this book info that you can learn. Indeed, i found the necessary information in this concise guide. Would recommend!
Could not recommend this play more, the intense blend of time and place creates an arch that is unmatched. The characters are endearing and by the end of the play, your heart breaks when you leave them.
Great!!!!!!! You are right, with light there needs to be dark. Hope there will be a Haven 2, LOL, (blue man) story
This book is the first one in the Silver Seals series, and it's off to a great start! The book centers around how the group became to be and the personal life of the founder. This book was fast paced and I read it in one sitting. Looking forward to the next one!
Wow! I can't even begin to describe how much this book has helped me. Highly recommended!!
I felt as if I was walking along beside the story teller. Almost to see about and smell and taste it all. This was not my heritage, but I almost felt as if I belonged.
I thought this book Great. The Author kept my interest the whole way. I would definitely recommend this book to others.
I felt that both books were easy to read and we're both very good stories
I am a huge fan of Mark Kadella. Had to ,pace myself so I wouldn't finish too soon. Just a twist at the end. You never know what Dennis will come up with. The beginning was very slow. Hard to get through. Anxiously waiting for the next event!!!
I really enjoy books by Diana Laveen. Not only do I get a great romance I also learn something. Chancellor's journey of self discovery made me question a few things about myself. Just like Chancellor many of us think we have it together and our problems are at the feet of incompetent people surrounding us. Chancellor was not you typical angry, he covered it all with a smile. Ms. Laveen you are a treasure and I look forward to reading many more books from you.
I'm only on week one and I'm LOVING the simplicity of this meal plan. I have 3 kids and so much to keep up with as is. My only qualms are a few problems with editing such as, week one ingredients list avocado oil when it's supposed to be avocado for the burger recipe. I've seen a few other comments about this. This is the perfect plan for a busy person though. Very simple recipes that are absolutely delicious.!!!
A classic, nothing more to say.
This is so much informative book. I like it very much... Its really awesome.WE can Get a lot of knowledge from here.
Love all the Nate Temple series. They keep me wanting to read more. I'm actually worried about what to do when I finish the series!
I loved the mix of location, old history and arcane facts. The characters sometimes got a little wordy sharing their knowledge though it was interesting to learn about. Irem could be fool-hardy going off to strange places on her own in a foreign country, but I enjoyed the journey. Great history, esp. the shroud, ending in a strange but all-too-scary twist. The best part was the hunky Italian officer and a charming ending that leaves you looking for more between him and Irem. An enjoyable read!
All the books in this series are good, but some are a little worse and some are a little better. This one is on the top of the pile. My one gripe about the series after all these books is that McGill just never seems to learn or grow in any way when it comes to the ladies. You'd think after 30 years of being in the legions and doing these things, he would realize he should at the very least call the girl sometime. lol
I loved reading this story we don't know our future so when we hand it over to our Lord and prayers we know it will be his will, to lose so much and and lose some faith can happen to anyone with love and her daughter's faith she found her way back to her life and love this story reminded me to think about what i am so blessed with a truely great story
I couldn't put this book down until I finished it.
Instant pot recipes could be found this kind of great I never thought it. Easy quick and marvelous recipes with nutrition over rolled, i enjoyed cooking on instant pot, nice recipes.
This is one of my favourite series of all time. If you haven't read the Phoenix and Mercury packs by Suzanne Wright, you are seriously missing out of awesomeness!!!
I'm sad this series is ending but I'm completely satisfied with the story from beginning to the very end. I'm proud to say I own this entire Dead Day series it was definitely worth all the reads
Randy Travis has always been one of my favorite singers. I loved his honesty about the good and bad of his life. He is a true "Country Song" and I wish I could hear him sing live again.
It was so impressive one to read. Mind blowing thoughts has come out through the journey. I am so impressed. Effective learning and its so helpful.
I really enjoy her books .
What a unique twist on a fantasy adventure. I really appreciated how the author addressed what could have been disappointing plot points and worked them together to a satisfying ending. It was not the ending I expected or, if I had written it, the ending I would have chosen, but satisfying nonetheless. I hope that we get to see a continuation of Josiah's story in the following books of the series.
This episode was so good! The part with the dark goddess is some of the best prose I've read. I bought the next book just as soon as I finished this one.
I fell in love with the characters in this book. The plot had me from page one. There truly must be a sequel!
Excellent book. So well researched and beautifully written. I learned so much more about a property and all the people involved right here in Asheville. I'm grateful to be able to enjoy for decades to come - I hope it remains available to the world forever.
Julian and Kennedy make you believe in possible forever and love and dreams. An exceptional story of two people from different spectrums in life meeting just once and the domino effect thereafter. If it is meant to BE then it shall BE. Amen.
What a great ending for Addison, I will really miss this character. It would be awesome to see this series made into a movie.
These books are awesome just read it.
Engrossing look at the French Revolution
Today it is necessary to have tools that help us to lead in a very efficient way and that people can understand the value that they have. This book is of the utmost importance to support my pastoral ministry, it has such profound details, but at the same time so simple that it clearly explains the principle. I recommend it for anyone who wants to get the best out of them and lead efficiently and effectively.
I really enjoyed reading this. It definitely got my emotions going! It even made me cry a couple times!!
Love Jodi and love this book. It's helped me overcome so much!! I've tried so many things and her book anxiety 0 you 1 and this workbook has done wonders for my life. Thank you Jodi:)
I was all into this book
I LOVE this. I'll post photos soon. It gives me nice cleavage and even pushes up a little.The only downside is that the adhesive doesn't stick that well on the sides.
This is a good book, and has something very important to say about gender dynamics, and the inherent problem with being human. You should read it.
I love this author and these characters. This is my kind of reading!
Excellent story with remarkable insight into the music industry, as well as a wonderful tale of a gender-conflicted young man's journey.
Read them all. Great insight and inspiration. Good writer, not the usual "go get em you can do it reach for the stars" more like a mental kick in the pants
Story flows with suspense, intrigue, romance, good vs evil, magic, mythical beings, well developed characters, leaves you wanting more stories
My favorite Stephen King book! I highly recommend The Stand. You'll fall in love with the characters and have a hard time putting it down.
Simply perfection. Loved the character development of Ember and her eventual transformation. Highly recommend the whole series. Especially for those who love a HEA.
The storyline is amazing and the characters are really being brought to life. I can't wait for book 4 to be released.
Peggy is beyond witty, she is genuine. She paints a picture with words that captures her mother, growing up in a time that encompasses what being a God fearing, family loving American was all about and still is.
Easy to follow and pretty simple ingredient list. Found it very useful for my needs. Great selection, and l love everything I've tried! I usually get annoyed with cookbooks because they have complicated ingredients or instructions, and I honestly despise cooking, but this has been really user friendly. Would definitely recommend!
This wonderful book is suitable for everyone! I purchased 2 cookbooks for the Instant Pot (IP). This instant pot cookbook one includes a chapter with information on the benefits of pressure cooking, step-by-step electric pressure cooking, how to use the IP, safety tips, converting your recipes, and cleaning and care of the pressure cooker. There are also 9 pages of charts about cooking times and such in the back of the book. The recipes in this book state the prep time and cook time separately; this makes it easier to see at a glance the time needed for each. The total cook time is also stated and includes the time required for the pot to come to pressure (pre-heat), and the time needed to de-pressurize. This is especially helpful when you are in a hurry and need to know at a glance how much time the whole recipe will require. The first page of each chapter lists all the recipes in that category, and there is an index of recipes in the back of the book. The author of the book well done, wrote a lot of great recipes!
Enjoyed style of writing
I liked this book very well written
GOOD CHAT Few western authors get the dialogue right between the sexes. This one has! A really good read. Great read.
I know I did and can happily recommend. Looking forward to the next adventure in the series.. many thanks to the author.
I look forward to every new book from this author and I always enjoy the stories, characters and romances she creates. While a story set in the pioneer old west didn't immediately appeal, I found myself laughing often and thoroughly enjoyed this book- - and Robby is one of her best characters.
Great book and its free. Required for my college bio class.
My only complaint about these books wound be that I found the main character to be mildly annoying. However, the story made the books nearly impossible to put down. The twists were so well done and I didn't see most of them coming. Wow. Well done. I highly recommend this series.
I have enjoyed these books about 4 friends a d those brothers who find their brides with them. But, there are more brothers!!! Need more stories!!
Well written and suspenseful. was pleasantly surprised with this book and will look for more from this author.
Listened to the podcast with Oprah Winfrey while reading this book and tolle' s explanations and insights further enhanced my reading
Reading for enjoyment.
The real rating is four and a halve. Good mix, some with lots of magic, some with just enough to satisfy. Many of the authors I will continue to read. To me the fist and the last are my favorites, the rest I next to review. Lots of reading material.
Loving the Advocate series. Strong female character. Real life issues and situations. Heart breaking child abuse issues. Great reading. Keeps your interest
Short but good read.
I totally enjoyed this book with the well written storyline and characters that were written with such detail that I was kept totally captivated until the turn of the very last page!
This book is meant to empower by providing essential meal prepping techniques. Then I have understood the whole meal prep. I purchased this book few days back and i already started with this book. I hope i will get some positive result soon. After reading this book i understood what is meal prep and how it works for my health.
Great rendition of beauty and the beast. Loved this book and the others too. Very recommended if you are a beauty and the beast fan this is a must. It has sexual situations but nothing over the top. I love her other series with the demons very well written would recommend her adult to anyone. I read some of her youth but I prefer the adult books the best. Would like to see her take some of her youth and make adult versions I think they would be successful.
Congratulations to Victoria Christopher Murray for another great read. This book had so many good lessons on faith, love and forgiveness as God has planned for our lives. Keep up the good writing as our Lord and Savior leads you.
This is a group of sweet stories about pioneers and their struggles and adventures on the frontier. There are many romances along the way.
I love this book and everything that Jim teaches. As a client who he advises, I was eager to read this book and go deeper. His thoughtful coaching and guidance is a big part of what has helped my business grow, and what gives me security. I so appreciate this resource - it's great for businesses of any size - and am giving it to all my friends.
This is a book you will not want to put down! Akin to the Dan Brown books. The twists and turns will keep you guessing to the very end.
Was a quick read with some good information to help males recognize the tools that women use for false allegations. I would recommend this book to all males in the work force to help protect yourself, or I suppose if you're that type of person, a male could use the same information to dethrone a female as well.
First of 7 books I couldn't put down. I read 6 in a week. I have never laughed out loud reading before but this was so funny. Each was funnier than the last. The novella was by far the funniest book I have ever read. I'm on 7th book and will be so sad if Addison's doesn't come back for another series. Thanks Liliana Hart for the funny series.
Full of love and history, thorough, planned out and the plot made sense. I felt like I was in this book with the characters
We loved everything about this series.
I love this book make you think about the things you do... Reminds you to repent and get an understanding of the word and how to use it.
This review properly includes the trilogy as a whole. There is some good action, but the characters and character development and the situations and the world in which they take place are amazing.
This is a great western romance novel. I loved the way the author helped the characters learn the power of prayer and forgiveness of their sins into the plot of this GREAT book. It is about a young lady and with the help of her Mom and Dad overcame great odds and found the peace of the Lord while doing it.
As I first started the book, I was wishing that I had just downloaded a sample instead of buying it. The format was strange and a bit confusing. But, as I read further I was so intrigued that I had difficulty putting it down. It really is a fascinating story. Don't give up, keep reading, the sample won't do it justice!
An awesome read that just pulls you in!!! I'm in love with this book and can't wait to read the next!
I enjoy a light book every now and then. This filled the bill. The story moved along with several twists.
Davis Way Cole & husband Bradley are working furiously to lock down their casino before the area is hit by a Category 4 hurricane. Unfortunately standing in their way of evacuating with their adorable yet precocious twins is missing casino money, a few dead bodies, Davis' ex-ex-husband, a pig, a crazy drunk weatherman, & oh yeah, privileged princess Bianca Sanders. It's hard to decide who causes the most damage - the hurricane or the people!!! Another absolute joy to read. Picked it up & didn't put it down till I finished.
I'm usually not a fan of second chance romance but this isn't that. This is two people that knew each other in college but were only ever verbal sparring partners. I appreciated them getting to know each other for real after not seeing each other for 5 years. Another Helena Hunting must read!
So far so good, BUT... there is a lot of repetition. This does not move the book along but it does make it longer. Now that I know that there are 3+ more books in this series I am out. It's not Lord of the Rings - it's longer! I wish him luck. I have invested all the money I intend to spend with this guy.
I only wished Noah and Kristin had gotten married and had a baby after he finished the movie in France.
This book had me on the edge of my seat. Could not put it down,kept me up at night. This book is fast paced, wild ride in to the jungle.
Rudy takes you on a ride of great self respect and honesty in his poetry. You want be able to put this down without finding something in it that you can relate to.
This is a delightful farce of a story. Both main characters are delightful and the misunderstanding between them is amusing. What is not amusing is that Julia Weston never looks beyond herself and is blind to every man who has ever courted her. It appears Mr. Norwich knew Julia very well, because he was absolutely right when he finally revealed that he was the letter writer. The story is well-written and Julia's light in her head is finally turned on.
Well written, enjoyable and a little magic too. I do not look forward to the end of story about this wonderful couple...I think I would enjoy reading about them forever. Although a little more translation of the Gaelic language would be appreciated!! It's sad, funny, romantic and adventure all rolled into one great story.
I am a busy mom and I realized that I no longer monitor on what my children are eating. I bought a book that would help me in preparing nutritious food for my family and I can that it is very suitable for anyone! I learned from Tyler Smith to budget and cut off my grocery list. I'm thankful because I'm using crock pot most of the time so it will do the cooking work! i like this book !
I do not want to write a review. I am running out of time to report on this book. No review
I voluntarily reviewed an ARC of this book. Alexis Abbott is a one-click author for me. Her books are really good so I don't hesitate to purchase them or put them on my to buy list. This book is about Serena and Bruno who meet and fall in love as teenagers. But Serena is the daughter of a crime boss and to keep her safe Bruno agrees to join the mafia and keep away. But he keeps track of her from afar. Once her father dies he goes after her. She's being shaken down by a mob group in her new town. Bruno beats them up. She is grateful and cleans him up, not knowing who he is. When she finds out they are ecstatic and vow not to be parted again! But will outside forces interfere? Read the book! Then get ready for book 2
I love making soups in the fall/winter time so this book is perfect. This book will help you have a sumptuous Soup dishes that you can create even everyday using your very own Instant pot and pressure cooker. A definitely healthy , delicious and easy to prepare soup. If you love making soups this is the book for you!
Great book that just tells you what you need to know as a mom. Not ambiguous which is helpful. Recommend it.
Once I started this book, there was no stopping. I couldn't wait to find out what would happen next, especially with all the struggles and obstacles the characters faced. Wow. I really love how this book was written in first person, which allowed a deeper insight into each character and their motivations. The author did a great job in bringing the setting to life. She also has a talent for weaving an awesome story filled with crime and romance! If you are looking for a page turner, look no further.
A lot easier to charge my iwatch and phone at the same time.
The willingness of a couple to take their cancer ridden mother on a long RV trip in place of their usual vagabond type trips. The people they met and the impact on all of their lives was well written. I felt like I was riding along!
Amazing book! This book was shockingly intriguing, It is elegantly composed and has an incredible tone to it. I adore Epsom salt and dependably utilize it in tub drenches so it was extremely awesome to Lear about different employments. I have learned numerous employments of Epsom salt with the assistance of this book. Profoundly prescribed.
Well Done: it's a good read.
Let me tell you something. I never knew I needed an author like Mariana Zapata and now that I've found her, I'm a fan for life. This book is a true slow burn that I've been waiting for. Read this book. Ignore the minor typos, and get swept away in the story line. It's so good!!!!
The Author keeps your attention from the opening page to the last page, There are multiple story line lines running concurrently through the whole book. A good balance of mystery, humor and character development. I really look forward to reading the next book to see if it is written as well as this first installment.
The story twists and turns. It starts fast and never slows down. Usually I have a good grip on who done it in the first 50 pages but this story is one surprise after another. Very good read!
I wasn't sure I would like this but by the end I was hoping for more about the characters. An interesting series.
I use it to study for my business analyst interview. It is packed with plenty of information in it with good explanation.
Love getting lost in the Australian outback with these characters! This is a great story of love, doubt and second chances.
I was wearing the bra all day, nothing happened. I really like them.
Amy Cuddy is exactly as inspirational, captivating and authentic as in her world famous RED talk. She is also a fantastic communicator who delivers a strong message in a eloquent yet straight forward manner. Rarely have I read scientific accounts of such entertaining and practically useful information without neither being bored nor feeling that I am being fed with pseudo-science. There is a good chance that this book will eventually become a classic must-read in psychology classes. Thank you Amy Cuddy for great inspiration and learning.
My husband loved the book!
I pre-ordered this book and started reading it as soon as it downloaded. It drew me in from the first page and was hard to put down. The writing is good and fast-paced, it never gets boring, and the twists are perfectly done. The author is so talented at tugging on the reader's emotions ... can we trust this person, or that one? What about him? Her? I despise this person, no wait, now I get it, they're a victim, too. Or are they? It's a roller coaster. I started getting depressed towards the last few chapters — so much darkness — but trust me, the ending is very satisfying. Highly recommend this great thriller!
American democracy is under threat. This book provides a comprehensive summary of the relationship between Trump and Russia. Russia played a prominent role in getting Trump elected. There is also question of the leverage provided by substantial debt. This book provides a comprehensive of what is currently known.
This book was everything from beginning to end drama action revelation revealed couples up and down suspenseful enjoyed reading happy ending love it!couples was well paired for each other!
I really enjoyed this book. It had a slow start for my liking but once the story really got going, it held my interest! Strong characters and a solid storyline makes for a great book and this book has both!
This book was a hard to put down western. The characters feel real and there are just enough twist to make things interesting.
This book was great. Read it in two days
You'll love Maisie! She's quite the character. Excellent well written murder mystery. Youll enjoy this one. Keep reading until you're done. Can't put this down until you're finished. An excellent read!
I really love this series and these books. I would recommend it to my friends. it was well written and the story is catching! I can't wait to read more book by this author.
I loved this book! The characters were amazing! I loved the humor!!! This is a home run! You won't be disappointed!!
Good Sci-Fi - wouldn't recommend to young readers
..Read the book several years ago it was very good then.Reading it a second time the book is just As good.
Love love this product... highly recommend it!
Another winner by Robert Whitlow this is certainly a timely subject if only the races both black and white could view each other as people and not color we could get past differences
Oh. My. GOD. I can't with this cliffhanger. Please tell me it was just some random student like before, I CAN NOT go through the actual loss of one of the Student Council guys. Unless it's Church, he's kinda blah anyways. But we all know it wasn't him. Also I'm hoping like crazy that book 3 will be significantly more steamy than book 2!!!!! Please don't keep us waiting too long..
I cannot emphasize enough how vital this book is to every single person with diabetes or if anyone you know is diabetic! This exposes a very real way to control your blood sugar and heal your body. It's not just for diabetics though. Everyone needs this book. Thank you so much Dr Bernstein!
Liked the story. Lots of excitement and fast reading. Two books left. Can't wait to read them. Should be great
Beautiful story about stories, and how stories connect people, places, and the force of nature that is the river. The river itself is alive and can bring the past into the present. The narrative is extraordinarily well written--a captivating intertwining of each character's unique story and unique relationship to the river. It's both magical and completely believable.
Mary Balogh's books are always a joy to read. Her characters are real people, with the fears, pain, and joy common to all, even though they may have titles and live more than 150 years ago. In this story, Anna grew up in an orphanage, never knowing that her father was alive and living with his other family. After his death, Anna is found by the solicitor, and discovers she is the earl 's only legitimate heir. Multiple lives are placed in turmoil. The duke, a step cousin, is strangely drawn to her dignity and humor. The rest is fairly predictable, but told so well, that I couldn't put down the book.
This book includes lots of simple and delicious Instant Pot recipes for day to day healthy meals. All these recipes are saved with simple ingredients and with easy cooking directions. I have tried some recipes of this cookbook and all my dishes were really delicious.
It was fascinating to peruse about the creatures on the island and the hairy animals were fun and written in an inviting, drawing in way. Children will love this book on account of the considerable number of creatures, the riddle holding up to be illuminated, and the magnificent representations.
My only regret is that I didn't check the release date, which means I read it too fast and now I am forced to wait for the next. The novel serves as a great middle piece to what I presume is to be a trilogy. The eternally put-upon narrator remains my favorite aspect, bolstered by the continuing mystery that must be unraveled by him. Excellent stuff.
Straight to the point teaching. Effective book to declare the gospel of peace, which is Jesus Christ, over your life.
I have read all three of the Kingsman Chronicles and enjoyed them very much. There's a LOT of material and thought in these books. They are well written, and the worldbuilding is amazing. If you are a fan of "Thrones", you should enjoy this series. It is definately adult material with plenty of action, sex and warfare plus thought -provoking writing.
I loved this book. It isn't perfect but close to it. It's not just an examination of the natural world but of her people and herself as well. Stayed up way too late every night until i finished it.
This was a great book!
If you are looking any keto meal prep cookbook then this is the best chose for you. I already preferred many recipes that very tasty and healthy. The author did a good job by this guide. I highly recommended fpr anyone. Thanks the author!!
I love books by Cynthia D'Alba. Her characters are believable and easy to like. Her stories are well developed and interesting.
I simply loved A PERFECTLY SCANDALOUS PROPOSAL! Poignant, passionate, witty, and wonderful, this book touched my heart with its sweetness! I adored our Heroine, Maggie, and admired her for her determination and spunk. She is so easy to love, and our leading man, Gabriel, is simply perfect for our sweet Heroine. I loved the plot, and it flowed smoothly along. A beautiful ten star read!
I don't read many straight romance novels, but this one looked interesting and I'm glad I read it. I loved the two main characters and their realistic situation. Fans of clean romance will enjoy this one! It's not necessary to read the previous books in the series.
Great story! I can't wait to read book #2.
I enjoyed reading about Reagan and Tiny. Her O.C.D. behavior was not hard to understand given her upbringing. Actually, she kind of reminded me of Asperger' s syndrome. A form of autism, they are highly intelligent, but unable to pick up social clues and are usually brutally honest. Tiny was able to work around her foibles and allow her then freedom to just be herself. Best Dom ever.
This book made the horrors of this war come alive so is a troubling read but it also helped the reader understand battlefield strategy tainted by politically motivated decision makers
A short cute Halloween story that includes interesting facts about bats. Nicely illustrated & the text lines up with the pictures.
It is always with great pleasure that a Michael Connelly book is introduced. Bosch never disappoints. Can't wait for the next installment.
Wonderful as always.
I really enjoyed this book. Real life exposure. I'm not a reader but I read this book in two hours.
Great read with captivating insights into the mind of Jack Ma. It's an informative book about Jack and his start. I enjoyed and also recommend this to would be entrepreneurs!
This book shows a range of experiences in BP life while keeping each individual woman's personality intact. Hard to put down after you start reading.
Love the series. Can not wait for more Althea and her friends.
This book has a bit of everything, including the famous Hotel Del Coronado in San Diego, its very own real ghost, Kate Morgan, and old-time Hollywood stars including Marilyn Monroe and Tony Curtis. A young woman (who shares the same name with the mysterious ghost) follows her dreams and her ailing Grandfather's wishes to the hotel, where she meets a kind young man. He is engaged to another woman, but Kate and Sean's connection is undeniable. Kate would never cross the line, but will she find romance, a new life, and the secret of the beautiful stranger here on Coronado Island? This book was fun, romantic and sweet, and even had chapters written from the point of view of the ghost, Kate Morgan. I was so excited to find out that much of this book was based on real characters, events and locations. Now I can't wait to visit this famous hotel.
This book has blown me away with the amazing recipes low in carbohydrates. A vegan diet can be challenging and even more so when combining keto and vegan. The author includes substitutes and replacements for the most common allergens. I enjoyed most of these keto vegan dishes and I have a peanut allergy. Also, many recipes include yummy pictures that help with cooking, I sometimes need that to keep me motivated to eat healthy!
I loved Aven and Dakota's story! Action, adventure, drama, heat and so much more. The continuation of the underlying story is fascinating and I can't wait to read the next one.
I love this book. It's such a great resource for finishing projects and gives so many great options.
I can't even begin to describe how this book took over my life while I read it. From the beginning I was hooked and spent every day wondering what Rem would do next. How their life would look after another problem arises? I sat reading clutching my chest for the pain I could feel from Ren and Della. I could picture the forest and the farms they lived on. This book surpassed amazing.
I can't believe I've only had this instant pot cookbook for a week or so – my kids and my husband absolutely love the recipes, and so do I. I've been able to try half a dozen meals so far - maybe a couple more, and they have been easy and delicious such as Lentils Soup. I'd highly recommend this cookbook for anyone doing vegan and vegetarian diets – instant pot cooking is very convenient for a tight schedule like mine
I loved reading these stories and snippets into the life of an amazing person. I'm grateful for the instructions of scripture mastery and study. Inspiring for all who desire a personal relationship with The Lord!
This is a great little book. Small but to the point. I love that the author leaves out the fluff and just gets to it. I learned a lot in under an hour an will use it as a guide as I start my blog. He also seems honest with his recommendations unlike a lot of bloggers who obviously just list companies that are paying them.
I loved this book, I read it nonstop- it's simple straightforward and thought provoking piece, this is a life manual. I realize I have been a slave for far too long to things that do not add value to myself. I am taking the freedom route.
Immediately after finishing The Sleepless, I started on The Dreamers and could not put it down. What an awesome story. I absolutely love this series and can not wait for the final installment!!!!!
It was had to put down. The intrigued and the love the main character's share held interest to see what was going to happen next.
I love Miranda Steele the main character. Shes tough, smart, and fearless. I can relate to her as we share previous traumatic experiences that made us strong but also developed a "I don't need anybody attitude." She's learning to heal past wounds and finding out what real love and trust are thanks to Wade Parker, the handsome and debonair man who fell in love with her. I just bought the next book in the series.
It really was a good introduction to those who want to learn about the darker aspects of psychology. It was written in terms that are very easy to understand and is straight to the point.This book causes me to profoundly make a few information investigation effectively. This book is impeccable book Dark Psychology great guide book.This book has part of incredible enlightening data on this book.Well composed by writer this book.So ,I very prescribe this well book.
Although short, Nelson DeMille's Rendezvous is long on edge of your seat action. Set in Vietnam, a Recon squad encounters a deadly sniper, who systematically picks off the 10 man team. Will anyone be left to make to their rendezvous? Readers who like DeMille's writing will love this story.
Another winner from Lynn Raye Harris! I love Cade and Brooke's chemistry. I love how patient Cade is with Brooke. Lynn is pretty gifted when it comes to writing about a badass alpha who is sweet and sensitive at the same time. How can Brooke not feel cherished and treasured with a man like Cade treating her the way he does? Perfect! Look out for this one. It's gonna pull at your heartstrings and make you fall in love with Cade and Brooke.
Every Degree Debt Free is an insightful, personal, and compelling wake up call and how-to every student should read, in a day and age when we need it most! Hall combines his personal story with against-the-grain thinking about achieving that much-desired degree without having to spend the rest of your life paying it back. This should be the gift for every high school graduate you know!
Every time I read this story I learn something new about myself. This story is on of my absolute favorites.
I am an admirer of Asher's books. Reading this one was a pleasure as usual.
This is a great book about Ketogenic diet.It gives me a lot of information on how to lose weight. Easy to follow recipes.I like this book.
A fun little novella. There is some description of death, but I still think it would be good to read to a child.
Best reading delivered quickly. Excellent author. I read through these like my life depended on them!! Could not wait to get to the next chapters!!
A quick read, like an hour or two, that will give you some great ideas on how to improve your life. My fiancé also just finished reading this and we are in the process of adapting these suggestions to our lives as we're always looking to improve.
A solid and clean read with huge heart, it's impossible not to enjoy this romance Kitty may be the a barron's daughter, but life is far from easy. Resigned to a fate as a spinster, a chance meeting changes her path. Now helping care for Earl Sinclair, these two help draw out the best in one another. It's smart, emotional and engaging throughout. This is a voluntary review of an advance reader copy.
This is a book to jump into head first. A Chinese young man and Japanese young lady struggle to maintain a relationship regardless of culture differences, family issues, and war issues. If you can't handle the "herding" and relocating of American Japanese people, I would not read this book.. I found it very difficult to put down. It lingers on the heart days after reading. Loved it!
Very inspirational book! This book was my second purchase by me.This author did her work perfectly. After reading this book, I'm waiting for her new book.Thank you Lister!
It didn't take long for me to get caught up in the story. The writing and editing were very good. I would read another book by this author and hope for follow-ons.
Its a great book.. must buy!!!
I cannot get enough of this series. These books are funny, suspenseful, exciting and sweet. On to the next one!
You did it again! I was scared to death to read this book but I am so glad I did. Rome and Izzy were perfect for each other. You have a way of tearing the reader apart to the point they don't know what they will do with themselves and then you put them back together again. Thank you for another great story!
I downloaded this book a few days ago, and couldn't stop reading it!! I can't believe this is Ms. Downing's first novel. I am looking forward to her next book!
This book certainly contains a character I'd refer to as one "Twisted Mister." The main characters could have walked out of Wally World beside me and I wouldn't have suspected anything out of the ordinary.
Start at the beginning of the series and just read. Promise, you'll love them all! Just like I have. Such a wild ride and I cannot wait to see what happens next.
Exceptionally enjoyable story of two artists and a painting that intertwined between their lives. Very beautifully written and a real page turner.
Continues the series. Another great installment. Most characters are back and McGill doesn't dissapoint. It's starting to look like the humans might have a chance to one day challenge the core system species.
Without a doubt the most intriguing story of Bruce Banner and the Hulk. Part horror and part badass. This is a must read series!!!
I really enjoy reading this series. Look forward to the next adventure for Mattie and her k9 companion Robo. Recommend to those of you who enjoy mysteries.
I love MC books. All these new books to read. Amazing new Authors and new books. Wow Loved each story.
If you buy a Ninja Foodi, it's really important to have a companion cookbook, because it's such a unique appliance. I like this book, but I don't understand what is so hard about including some pictures of the food in a cookbook. I like to see visual representations of what I am cooking. This book has none, other than one recipe at the beginning of each chapter.
I loved the fact that this book dealt with real life issues and didn't try to sugar coat the situation at hand. This is important to have relatable situations that are happening in real time daily. These are subjects that are not addressed enough (in my opinion) and I applaud and appreciate this author for putting it out there. Great read! I loved Kane and Hailey's story. This Author is the BEST under both names, you just can't go wrong with her!!!!
I have said this before on a couple of the individual books in this set but I will say it again. These are some of the sweetest stories I have read. The characters are real, I have met them all in my lifetime. The feelings they have are true. The books are an easy read and will not disappoint.
I enjoyed this book very much. The characters were likable and the story line was good. So far all books in this series have been good. Would like to hear Nathan's story and of course Marx's. Waiting!!!
Ari's book was a bit heavy on the science, for my taste/understanding. But I just skimmed/skipped those parts. He also has very down to earth explanations. I loved those. And I really appreciated his enthusiasm for the material and it's potential therapeutic value. He included very practical applications of the theory. And his recommendations for which products to buy for which situations are worth the price alone. I completely trust his research. Great book!
I love this book for its story and the amazing lessons you could learn about life and how it should be lived if you pay attention in my life I am learning about the limits of love I think this book is help me through that as well
Informative for diabetic. I find it difficult to find a suitable book for my taste preferences, but this book was able to 100% satisfy my taste buds. Every day I cook one recipe from here and my family is happy. Thanks for this useful book.
I enjoy reading all of Mary Alice Monroe's books.....love stories about the Carolina Beaches & especially about the sea turtles. I have seen the turtle nests but have never seen a hatching & going to the sea. It's truly an amazing phenomenon. If you like beach stories & sea turtles you will enjoy this book.
I enjoyed hearing the back story on Jake as he become one of my favorite individuals on the show from his first day on the Northwestern. He really has come along way!
A great story that shows the messiness of war and the temptation of moral compromise. Great (and not overwritten) characters in a captivating setting.
I watched the movie on Netflix first. As usual the book is much better!
Ummm that's what I was thinking of you for being so miserable lol lol what do you ddd is from fax
I love this dark tale. I can't wait to read the next one! Don't like it ends on a cliffhanger.
I love the cedar cove series. Did not know about this series Read this book before the others in the Rose Harbor series Looking forward to reading all the books in the series.
I was really excited to see this book come up in my email, I missed that it was released a year ago. I immediately drove right into it. I have loved Andre and his causes since the trio of books Abuse came out. I really enjoyed reading about Andre's new project to save the innocent. I was sad to read that this book was a spin of true events. Although it didn't surprise me. Thanks Nikki Sex for another great book!!!!
This book was amazing I loved every minute of it I couldn't put it down. I love Dale I wanted to punch him a few times but I still love him. Clare is amazing I love how stubborn she is and caring. The fact that Dale knew when he messed up and wanted to fix it I just wanted to hug him. Love the book can't wait for your next book.
Excellent read and awesome price!
I feel this book has a slow start. But as I continued to read I fell in love with the characters. They were so relatable!
I found an error near the beginning, and was afraid that it would be difficult to make it 25% through, which is my personal point before giving up on a new-to-me. Instead the story kept building, and the characters were interesting. I'm hoping that this author has written other books!
Pretty good but probably could of gotten all info on the internet.
This book had me staying up late. I have been reading a lot of kindle books lately that have been good, but I could put them down and come back later to finish them. This book had great characters and a great story. This book made me want to finish it, and yet I wasn't quite ready for it to end. Yes, there were some editing issues, but put that aside and it was a lot of fun. Great read!
This felt gritty and dirty and real, natural and complicated relationships that are never cut and dry, real life gets in the way. Tropes turned on their heads, and it was refreshing. I really like this author and can't wait for his next adventure
I liked it a lot it had a very moving story and it was a clean romance.
I really love this book.......highly recommended for all friends who have a lot of problems and can't explain why......because the root of the problems lies in our material possessions. I'm an instant fan of the author.....congratulations to the author for coming up with this book.....it's really a great help.....God bless!
This series is such a guilty pleasure read for me. Two Kingdoms is just a brilliant as Book 1 and 2. The Four Horseman and Paca literally have me smiling and laughing. I simply can't get enough of this story. With twists, turns and the more insight into this relationship and their history, Two Kingdoms had me glued to the pages. I never thought that I would read this type of genre before but I absolutely loved it. With clever dialogue, sexy heroines, YAS plural as in multiple book boyfriends. I'm pretty much claiming all four of them because they are all my FAVs depending on the moment just like Paca. And then there is Paca herself, I love her wit as per usual her one liners have me in stitches. I devoured this book whole and I'm absolutely dying for the next one.
This is not the same old story. You can't guess what happens next. A great quick read. Don't judge the story by the cover
As I read “The Negro Motorist Green-Book”, I realized that some things have changed, but we still have a long way to go. Although I am so thankful for my life, my ancestors endured pain and mistreatment. Mr. Green reminded us of our humanity with the Green book. Thank you!
Reading this book will have you guessing what will happen next. And of course the Cliffhanger. I just couldn't put it down. Sterling is so far deep in here that you don't know what to believe.
A well-balanced writing style that looks at Elon Musk's life and achievements from different angles.
Learn the bitcoin use and invest wisely.This book is out to teach , educate and empower.its shared some innovative ideas and can be said to be easy to understand as well
If you follow the author's steps you will receive great satisfaction from working the magick in his books. The magick is real and it works. It is powerful and life-changing. I usually refrain from writing any reviews on books but this one has changed and keeps changing my life for the better. This review is my way of saying "Thank you" to Damon Brand and the rest of his friends in Gallery of Magick for creating so good working magickal system and making it accessible to the public. I am very excited for their final books in 2021. Until then I will do my best to make good use of every book I have from The Gallery of Magick.
Thought provoking and absolutely fascinating. I would recommend this book for anyone considering attending law school. Thank you very much!
Very good. Even though their "thing" is most definitely not my thing, I felt like I could relate to them. And it's a testament to Fiona's writing skills that the intimate scenes were so HOT when I would normally cringe and be turned off at such things.
Loved this book, especially like the continuation of the characters from the other books in this series. This author is one of my favorites and was not disappointed. I hope there's another in this series about the sister.
This is a very well written story that has a lot of twists and turns but yet a touching love story with the perfect ending.
A truly wonderful account of the life (and death) of one of our young America pilots and the life that happened to his young widow. Definitely worth reading!
I really enjoyed this book. It kept me enthralled and wanting to know who did what until the end. I am on to the next book in the series. Thanks for a great read. Nanci Townsend
This is my second book by Meg in the series in the last 3 days. If you want an original plot with great alphas, the buy this book! Oh and be prepared for steam! This is not for shy readers.. 🙌🏽
You know you've just read a good book when you're sad it's over - at least for now. And holy cow! That twist at the end? How did I not see that coming!?! Do yourself a favor and read this series. You will not be disappointed.
I just finish Reading both series the Wolf's was great And the bear's is worth reading can't wait until the next book because I can't Wait for them to catch that alpha bitch lol just quoting the book keep up the work.
Such a great book. And series. I just couldn't get enough. Love it so much I hope she continues with this series!
I like the way the book is written to reveal the story through different characters. Effective technique. Worth the read.
Very helpful guide for beginners. I really liked this air fryer cookbook and would recommend it to anyone who needs such type of information.
Used in my German shepherd for years until his vet stopped carrying it. I figured the product was discontinued. So glad I found it again!
A great book, read it straight thru without pause. Keeps reader riveted waiting for the next problem to crop up and how it's solved.
Very well written and researched.
I've been counting down the days till we got Brice & Rana's story! It was absolutely hilarious, sweet and sexy! The honey badgers are definitely gonna lead to a lot of fun times! Cannot wait for Chasing Her Lion!
Tom Weiss is a courageous survivor who shares a powerful life story. His grace and heart under extraordinary times and circumstances brings one into his experiences with beauty and a deeper appreciation of Family. Tom has a voice to listen to and learn from. I highly recommend this book. His capacity to dive into challenging topics and bring grace and compassion, makes this well worth experiencing....
Stuff we all know but didn't know. So plan so easy to follow and totally backed by scripture. Check it out for yourself and use it to get closer to God
A wonderful story! You just need to read the book and enjoy!
I loved that Matt & Tanner were both Godly men and showed it. I didn't like that Jade had such a verbally abusive father.
Though I already knew the story of Achilles I was thoroughly surprised by this version of it. It's beautifully written and had me shedding tears by the end. By the time I got 2/3 of the way through I couldn't stop reading until the end. I highly recommend!!!!
A magnificent book! It portrays an exceptionally one of a kind position estimating (chance administration) techniques for exchanging and betting. I making the most of David's style also. However, if you are patient and execute a carefully planned strategy, it can be an incredible money maker. I exceptionally prescribe this book to individuals hoping to investigate Forex.
Being from the Adams Grove community, I thoroughly enjoyed this story and it's twists and turns. A wonderful way to pass the time.
For those of us interested in losing weight the Atkins diet is a good choice and of course. Really good guide for low carb diet, great ideas. The simple stuff was good though and there are pics and easy directions. Helps understand Atkins and good recipes, have made quite a few and no complaints. Thanks James.
I didn't really read any reviews and randomly bought this book on a whim. It is simple yet profound. The core message is a guideline to health...mind, body and spirit.
Really enjoyed these characters, and it was a great love story. The choice to commit t ur family and responsibilities isn't always easy, but it is worth.
Great, quick shipper
What an outstanding sequel to Yellow Crocus. I was simply awestruck to all the individual detail giving to each character. The author truly handled this part of history with care and sensitivity. Some language was strong but that was the culture of America in this time period. I can truly see this mini series becoming a movie one day! A great read that I highly recommend.
It was a filler between one and three, but I still found it very entertaining.
Quite a few things about this lovely book are outside the box. It doesn't exactly challenge you seriously, but it does prod you into reflection every other page or so. In between, it's sweet and sexy, but mostly just deliciously funny. Go read it immediately, it's a treat.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The country and characters are so vivid and charming. I was thrilled to find that there are 2 more books in this series because I had so much fun reading this, I didn't want to return to from "vacation". I hope the series continues!
This is first book I've ever read by this author and I will be reading more of her books now that I've read this one. It was thrilling,but also sad.
I purchased the book to learn about rental properties. I thought at one time I may have been interested in renting properties.This book provides many forms that are available on his online site and we have complied our rental program system based on this book and the knowledge it has given. I have read other books but this one has been the best for rental advice. I am new to being a landlord but am excited for this endeavor.
Couldn't turn the pages fast enough to keep the story going
OMG. I couldn't get enough of this book. I just loved it. She's a new author to me but she sure won't be now. Can't wait for the next book. So well written & so hot. Thanks.
This book was a continuation from a previous book. I loved getting to know them both as unsure teens and then adults. Very sweet love story!
I love this book. It's everything I love about this author rolled in to a great new series. I can.not.wait. For the next one. So, so good!
As usual, another great book....luv how the family chips in when needed and how Jason and skye work together on their cases......shows a lot of caring for a community where missing children, etc need help....luv it
Bink Cummings has done it once again. Roxie and Kade are the perfect pair. No no sense couple that fit perfectly together.
Really good, hope to read more.
A great story of myth and legend, of beauty and transformation and healing with art work of a beautiful, fulfilling nature. Enjoy! I did!
Very informative book. It has a lot of important information. Highly recommended for everyone.
By far my favorite survivor book. I love Alex. I have re- read this book multiple times just because it's that good.
OMG!!! she did it again awesome read!!!
Done Great read. Thanks for all the great tips. Implementation is underway today! You can do it too, so go!
So much good stuff in this book, I can see why Rachel Hollis follows her. Off to go have my Fab 4 Smoothie.
This book was amazing it kept my attention from beginning to end and I can't wait for The pink Lipstick 4.
Book was well written. Good characters, interesting story line. Would recommend it to anyone who likes crime stories. Enjoyed the ending.
I am always overcome by the gift of DGs talent. Alive through her descriptive words and careful study of her subject. Gratitude again❤️
After reading the prequel Endurance I can back and got the 3 book sage. It was a nice story line and great read!
This summary has been a great book to read for me. I always imagine how the original book will looked like and this book has showed me what I like to know. I am inspired by the life lessons I learned from this summary and I will make sure to pass it to my friends and family. I would like to commend the author of this book for a job well done.
From the first page to the last, you are kept in suspense with this book, and are truly surprised by the ending. I look forward to reading more books from this author.
Wow! This story had me totally engrossed and drew on every emotion not to mention my senses being on high alert. One of my all time favourites.
This book is a really great. I love this book.I get this book to see its beguiling title so I basically entire analyzing now so I found that the book is a brilliant intriguing. Recommended for all.
This was such a delightful story! Growing up with sisters and cousins and parents and grandparents around you every day is a wonderful life. Heather found she was exhausted from nonstop work as a surgeon and took several days to go back home. She reunited with Jake who she hadn't seen since they were kids. This is my favorite kind of book - meeting and getting to know a whole family.
Absolutely fantastic story that is sensual and arousing. The ending is priceless! And will definitely be looking for more for this author.
Easy to use recipes. So glad I bought this beautiful book. Creative ways to get more vegetables into your meals. If you are looking for recipes with great tasteful combinations and flavor of home, this is a perfect cookbook.
Loved the book can't wait to read the next book. Very well put together mystery, will highly recommend to everyone.
I bought the 3 book set for Kindle. I laughed through the first book, cried through the second book, and did both through the third book! I love when a story pulls you in and you can't stop reading. I look forward to reading more by this author.
Another terrific read! Each book in this series has been enjoyable! Looking forward to the next book.
This book is an excellent read. Leah is open, honest, and transparent with her feelings. All that she endured thinking it was good is such a tragedy. It reveals the epitome of the disasters of brain washing. Not only will this book help many involved in cults, but her show on A&E is reaching millions. I hope she can tear down this cult called Scientology.
A well put together sci fi read.
The idea of the author was amazing to follow and doing good in this area. I read this book and i am so happy to get this book. Thanks author for creating us a new book for all of us!
Coming of age story with remarkable characters. The story is very well-written and held my interest from page 1 to the last. I did not want it to end. Will be reading the next in series when it comes out. I highly recommend it -- it's one you don't want to miss. I received an ARC and this is my honest review.
I don't particularly have a thing with daddy kink, but this book was both hot and sweet. The May/December aspect was actually not as dramatic as I thought it would be, but the relationship between the two MCs rocked. It's got a bit of a cliff hanger so if you read book one, you're definitely going to want to read book two.
Loved the book. Loved the series. Would definitely recommend
I just love Pamela's work. She truly knows how to get the reader invested in the story. She makes you in love with almost everyone you meet. She has a gift of story telling but also giving you a message. There really are good people in the world. At least we can hope!
Enjoyed. could not put it down. Was up most of the nite reading it. Wife got somewhat upset since I kept the lite on.
As I'm presently in the process of self-publishing my first book, this book is heaven-sent. I'd been painstakingly learning the ropes, researching left and right, but when I stumbled on this manual, things got so much easier: all the info I needed, concentrated in one place, clearly presented, with practical, up-to-date hints and examples. It's seen a long time since I've been inspired and put at ease like this. Now I feel that I can do this--with confidence! I'm truly grateful.
A strange ending and marvelous character Development make this another complicated Elizabeth George novel The complexity of the psyche of the characters overrides the actual mystery and the ending is an unexpected twist
A quick read about three sisters who have grown apart from each other and a mom who has not been completely honest with her daughters throughout her life. Interesting characters and realistic story line.
Good read. Mitch is terrific . Story rings true. Too true. Can't wait for the next episode. We need a real Mitch
Was I particularly slap-happy tonight, or was this actually the funniest book I've read in a long time? (I'm leaning toward the latter, but I guess we'll see...) And if so, that's really saying something, because I've read some hilarious books by some very funny authors recently.
A Time for Peace hit on so many life lessons that we all needed to be reminded about. Many times I felt tears welling up , not because of the exact situation but the boldness of the lesson to be learned. Thanks Michelle for letting Mama B speak the truth!
I feel pressured wondering about what people thinks of me and how can I say if it isn't against me so I decided to read this book. This book is really so amazing, the author has written very well and base on a good researched. This book will let you know about all the related info about analyzing people.The book welcomes the readers to investigate some of these diverse techniques for understanding individuals keeping in mind the end goal to look further than where we normally put our attention to access life-changing intuitive insights. I would highly recommended to read this book everyone.
I have never read mobster family love stories but I really liked this series. The books were well written and suspenseful as well as being sexy and steamy. Once I started, I couldn't stop.
Good yarn. Fairly predictable and entertaining Interested in the author's next work The twists were good fun and made me finish
This book will give you a step by step method of losing fat in the shortest amount of time possible. I've been through on many different diets form, but my body is only comfortable in Intermittent Fasting. Go and try the author's tried and tested formula, and you're on your way to a more fit and healthy body.
I haven't read one of these for a while, so was delighted to find it today and for free! Read it straight through, as it was too enjoyable to stop, even though I really wanted a nap.
Heart breaking...but also healing. Anyone who has known real loss will find common ground here. My heart highly highly recommends.
A great read about venturing into the unknown
I didn't want to put this book down. It kept me enthralled from the beginning. I would recommend reading this book.
All Emma wants is to be left alone but her three friends decide to make a bet on the way home from thanksgiving with their families on who can have the most outrageous adventure before the new year. Then Emma meets Nick and everything seems to change!
This book gripped me from page one! I absolutely love a good book with a strong female lead and Raven was definitely that. And the boys. Oh the boys!! They won me over fast and hard. The love they have for each other and the way they end up bringing Raven in to their family is amazing!! I cannot wait for the next book ❤
Love this story. Stefano is such a alpha man and Francesca is beautiful and funny! Hope there are a lot more stories about this family of brothers and sister.
Does what it's supposed to and was reasonably priced. Thank you.
I liked the personality analyses and merging of traditional forensics with modern social media, albeit on line dating It was also interesting to have Sloane play second fiddle!
Not just a joke book. It also has (just like it's advertised), funny insults and one-liners. You get a lot of funny material for the price. Very happy with my purchase! Great
Characters well developed and plot flows well through out story while keeping readers intrigued with the mystery in the story.
Good read. Took a little to get going but the way the author brings you full circle kept the book moving.
Very easy read and extremely informative for someone like me who knows little to nothing regarding investing. Quick read but gets straight to the point and pretty helpful.I highly recommend this book.
It's hard to put down this series. Each book is better than the last one. The characters are fascinating and the stories are full of suspense, romance, and action. Loved this book and the author.
Very good read. A real page turner. I like Sara Ramsey. I wish her luck with the vet. It seems he's lit a spark. The cat thing is scared.
Like the plot and characters. Enjoyed the way it touch on divorce and how it effects the hold family ... love the book clue characters...
Multiple examples and really appreciated the shared experience. All information was valuable and conveys rational explanations and benefits of consumption and consultation
If you like cowboys I think you would like this series.
Very sexy novel about a traditionally taboo love story. How the author managed this, with a whole lot of passion and love - well, it was addicting and pushed boundaries in a good way.
This is a work of fiction, however actual events and people are woven into the plot. As such it is a fascinating look back into history.
You can make the print smaller or giant print. lol! Would purchase again
Loved the wide ranging subject matter and the pace of the plotting. Will be reading the next book for sure.
I love the author's character descriptions. You feel as if you know these people in real life. Plot was intriguing and multifaceted. Great read, easy to follow, hard to put down. Finished the series in a weekend. I look forward to reading other books by this author.
I am quite fond of the Vera Stanhope series and find the defective to be very appealing. This is one the best. Interesting plot with suitable twists and Some fine writing and memorable quotes. I am looking forward to more Stanhope. Difficult to put down!
A great read that takes a science background and brings in excellent character development.
Finished Tuesday's and Jackson's story and OMG the feelings they gave me. Awesome Job Riley Edwards
It is a fun book and easy to get into. There is nice development of characters.. Good series to continue with Cassie.
I now get all of our local channels for free (12) and they all come in just as well as cable, etc. I'm not tech savvy but connecting the antenna was super easy. I did have to place the receiver in a window and having the 20 ft. cable enabled me to do that easily. I got rid of cable/Dish and now I either stream or just watch the local channels. I would buy this antenna again. The price was good as well.
As I beginner ,I am very helpful for got this book. The recipes of this book are pretty good and helpful for diet. Recommend this...
New characters being added by the book and tied together makes this an exciting read. I just wish they were combined in one big story.
We see the continuing development of our main character and the trials he faces. We get to understand the odds he and his comrades have to face and how quick life and death are. Excellent story can't wait for the next one.
Liked how it tied into Diana Gabaldon's books and others
Go 4 It is a quick and easy read! This book contains good motivational and inspirational stories. It has great insight and things to do to help you get in the right mindset to move toward your goals, to face challenges. It is good for self-esteem boosting.
Nice to read a book with edgy humor where the main characters didn't act like self absorbed idiots to cause conflict or be so wrapped up in hormones that they let something huge go simply b.c. the other person puts the moves on them. Well done.
Thank you for giving us a great novel to read keep up the good work looking forward to seeing how this novel works out
As with most of my reading of Glynn Stewart's books, I find myself pulled along by the wonderful storytelling. Leaves me jonesing for the next book!
I love the badge of heroes series and Driftwood and Quinn's story was great. I didn't realize that people could be so mean to those that don't have a perfect outside appearance according to their standards. Some people can have some crazy prejudice opinions. But with Driftwood's encouraging and love, Quinn can realize she's beautiful just like she is.
Love that ingredients are easily located. Simply great recipes! I love to use my crock pot as often as possible. The recipes I've tried in this collection have been outstanding. I will be trying more!
It was a great second installment in the Savannah Sage series. I enjoyed it and can't wait for the next one!
This was such an awesome read. Have recommended to several friends for a great sci-fi book. Looking forward to see what the future holds for our waif.
An amazing book. I highly recommend it!!!!
Fast and easy thriller with lots of twists and turns. Even though the main character is a pretty tough guy, you feel strongly for him
Entertaining book; had a 15 hr flight overseas, this book kept me going. Good read!
One of the most touching, well-written books I have read in many years.
Had a hard time putting this book down. Loved the way the back story was shelled out in increments. Loved the fully fleshed out characters. Great writing, great story! Can't wait for the 2nd book to come out!!
This is an autobiography. Mr Miller does not too his own horn. He toots God's horn. To Him be the glory.
This book was a good comprehensive book for me to purchase when I had my Smoker Cookbook new and had no clue what I was doing I actually found quite a few recipes in the book that I think our family has enjoyed
I'm not a huge fan of this genre, but when I started reading this, I literally couldn't stop! The way it is written makes you feel very connected with the characters and will leave you wanting a sequel. The author creates a satisfying sense throughout the book that keeps you guessing as to what is going to happen. I was surprised that I loved it as much as I did and I would love a sequel and also to see this book turned into a film.
This book had so much-- fun, heartache, a child's faith and wisdom, learning to love oneself and others. I had to use tissues several times.
The story kept me interested throughout. I think I would have gone for a lawsuit at the end. Ahh, see, now you will have to read the book to see what I am talking about
At first. Like seriously what kind of book is this. Then wow.. bravo... bravo.... seriously this is an amazing book.
A truly great ending to a wonderful series, exciting and engrossing to the very end with a surprising twist I hate to see it over
This book, Saving Truth: Finding Meaning and Clarity in a Post-Truth World is an excellent read on a very important topic. If we glance around even briefly, it is not difficult to observe we live in a chaotic world and answers seem in short supply. The author examines current relevant topics through the lens of Truth (defined as absolute Truth) and presents this as reliable for all of life's issues and challenges. This timely book offers hope with clarity and sensitivity. Excellent insight. Well written. It is a very readable book that I highly recommend.
This is so much informative book. I like it very much... Its really awesome.WE can Get a lot of knowledge from here.
This book was well worth the read. It started a bit slow for me, but once you get into it, man it takes you all over. Beautiful work.
A well laid out inspirational path to not only permanent weight loss but to a greater well rounded life. I recommend to all who struggle not only with food addiction but all the baggage that came before and after.
This story was an interesting mix of Urban Fantasy elements. It wasn't weighed down by obnoxious tropes or unrealistic romance, it was free to just unfold in good time. I found that I liked the main characters and I was interested to see where the story was going.
This book is truly enlightening in describing human tendency to have an overly negative outlook towards the health, education, and well being throughout the globe. Each of the ten arguments presented by the authors are explained in easy to read / comprehend verbiage and will serve to dispel negative global outlooks. To be sure, much work remains; but as the authors note, the current actual conditions grounded in fact, demonstrate the tremendous progress achieved and point toward an increasingly positive outlook. I would recommend this book to anyone seeking an increased awareness of the world, especially in context, and relative to their own nation.
Very well written book. Couldn't put it down.
This is one of those books that stays with you. I couldn't put it down.
I loved this book I was on edge towards the end and I'm missing nails lol. I love all of Nicole Jackson books she is the best urban book author out right now (and I stand on what I just said!!!). If you read her books then you know I don't even have to go into detail about this book the author name speaks for itself
Take flighty, foolish Mrs. Bennett out of the child rearing process and what becomes of Elizabeth Bennett when her only parental influence is her father? A bluestocking, yes but what else? And is this the woman who can still mesmerize Fitzwilliam Darcy? Seems a simple question with an obvious answer but what about the rest of the scenarios? Without the familiar framework, Mr Underwood constructs a whole new series of background and foreground obstacles to be mounted. Another excellent variation, well thought out and fluent.
I enjoyed this book a lot.Its filled with adventure laughter sadness and love . She can get into so much trouble that's not her fault sometimes.He tries to help her and they fall in love along the way . I
So sweet! This is a no angst second chance romance. Ethan is such a strong man. He's lost is first love to distance, his second to injury, successfully raised his son to adulthood and had a teaching career. He watches his son leave home and instead of being depressed he decides to recapture his joy of painting. Ethan's son Jake was a fantastic side character, rounding out the story nicely. He loves his dad deeply and takes steps to make sure that he meets Rhys again. Rhys has never let go of his love for Ethan and is willing to do whatever is necessary to have him in his life again. He gives him space, support, understanding and unconditional love.
This book was very enjoyable and powerful. It took me some time to get into it, but once I was hooked, I couldn't put it down. It was amazing to me to try one of my favorite speaker's takes on fiction. Well done Beth Moore!
Ever feel really down about the state of the world and many of its least fortunate citizens, this story will plunge you even deeper--until you meet some of the most caring people in the world and what they have accomplished.
I really liked the entire series, loved seeing a new heroine and most of the characters from Nate's and Callie's world. It was funny, heartbreaking at times and well written.
loved the whole book
Loved the comical side of this story. Rebecca being so innocent and Joan being so worldly was a refreshing change. The sexual side of the story was treated with a reverence not normally handled well in short stories. I fully enjoyed this read and intend on reading it again.
Great book. Couldn't put it down.
Other accounts of the life of Marie Antoinette give an unflattering characterization of her, this book is a bit more sympathetic. The truth probably lies between. In any case, tree book does an excellent job in telling her life story in the context of the French Revolution.
AS usual, another book by Whitlow holds the reader's attention and makes it hard to put it down. The theme of this book has a real place in this time and day. It deals with real and current. Problems.
I couldn't put it down.
This is such an inspirational book which illustrates how to be deeply tender to one another, especially in devastated situations.
good, interesting light reading
This series was extremely well written and fast paced. Truly enjoyed the books and am looking forward to more from this author.
This is what we need in school. After reading few pages, I already learnt something. Process is so different, easy and simple.
It was almost like a seven epilogue but I enjoyed it immensely seeing them get through this Christmas drama that their family had created... I must read!
This says Book 14. I started this series when the first Button series started and still cannot get enough. The emotion, the passion, the love, the drama, the surprises bring you on this amazing journey this this family. Each book makes your heart race, your tears flow, and long for the type of love these characters have and fight for with everything they have. I don't know how Penelope Sky came up with this enthralling family, but the passion between Carmen and Bosco still makes me crave the next
Its deserved some more if I wish I could make that. So helpful,life changing materials as easy guide.
Great nail biter, couldn't put it down and felt my heart racing through the entire book!! Loved it!! Well done Danielle Girard!!
Another great read by Jojo Moyes, loving her books, all quite different from each other and all equally enjoyable to read
Could not put down. Amazing novel. Very to the point. Travis has a writing style that is very much what I look for in novels. Concise, to the point, but also extremely interesting. Cant wait to read the third installment.
Once again, I can't express how much I loved this book! More importantly, I love these characters!! Lauren is such a strong, intelligent & amazing woman. It's so awesome to read about a woman like her. And Antonio, wow, he's amazing. My new heartthrob. Also intelligent, and amazing. And Italian, with a sexy accent that you can just hear in your head as you read. Oh, and he's sexy as all get out. I loved it all. I wanna just tell you all about it, but I don't want to give anything away. You need to experience it on your own. I can't wait to read them back to back! Loved Loved loved!!!
I loved the whole series! I enjoy the way the author writes about love. All of them can e strand alone but the back story of the other characters does help! Worth the money and time to just get the series as a whole!
couldn't put it down!
Crazy ride. Could not put it down. Read it on one sitting. Hard to believe people like this exists...unbelievable really.
Perfect and impressive to read book about windows 10. I was so overwhelmed with this book because I know it would help us a lot specially that we are planning to install it on my computer. Thank you for this book. Such an awesome one.
You could not think up something so twisted yet beauty in a weird wag. I could not put this book down. Every page has me more and more intrigued.
This story is so different from any other books I have read because it's about different group of people. It's the first book I read from CD REISS that the hero acting like a weasel or better yet a coward. The heroine was easy to love. Overall the story was okay. I was a little disappointed that it wasn't great. Writing was great CD REISS!!!
No one writes M/m romance quite like Ms Stanley. This book is particularly hot because we have we have not one, but two alphas! *Swoon* Throw into that a shapeshifter and an assassin and you have one hot, suspenseful tale. More, more, more!! :)
This book will empower you to understand different pieces of wood pellet cooking. It is definitely not hard to seek after, sorted out and exquisitely formed, and has dazzling pictures. The book, when all is said in done, is excellent and makes a wonderful gift.
What an adventure but of course with Detective Kelly Porter there will always be one. A sad tale of teenagers on drugs and the people responsible. A continuing tale of her family.members both old and new. Great support staff. A never dull page turner. A great read.
Been up all night can't put it down! Will read the next one soon! Hope to enjoy it even more.
The story of Naomi and Jason is one of the sweetest, most intense love stories I've ever read. This book has made me rediscover Tessa Bailey. Now I'm going back and reading the books I've missed...
Such a sweet story. Love the characters and storyline. The setting was very innocent and relaxing. Would love to go to a place like this.
Really enjoyed this book. As a matter of fact, I really enjoy this author! I would strongly recommend this book!
This has been the best book I have read in a long time. Sarah Knight writes with amazing humor and with insight I can actually understand. I may say the F word far more now but it is totally worth it! You won't be disappointed in this book.
I really liked this book! Very original plot and keeps you turning pages! Highly recommend for an enjoyable read! Enjoy!
I loved this book so much. This was the third time I read it and I found out something new again about each one of the characters. I would totally recommend this book to people who are totally addicted to romantic books.
Like and share! Good cookbook with a lot of recipes, and a lot of information in general on how to use the pot itself that I really appreciated. Awesome book!
This is one of the best books I have ever read. I feel like I know the characters and wish them all the best. . Wish there was another book or at least an epilogue.
What beautiful names for the characters! I wish I had their ability to change water temperature. A wonderful story of finding your friends soul mate as a gift for saving his life. Two friends who stick together to help one get away from a psycho boyfriend. The ending has a twist and leaves it as a good cliffhanger. Can not wait to read the next book.
This book kept me interested. I have never read a book in which the main character doesn't talk, but the author did an excellent job and carried it off. One twin bribes his brother to switch places with him to meet a woman. I was intrigued to find out why. It made me keep reading. The Wild One keeps your interest. Even though we know the final outcome, the events throughout the book kept me hooked. You will enjoy this book.
When you've loved a spouse deeply and the die, you have a fear about loving someone else deeply again and fear the hurt of losing someone again. Liz showed how deeply that fear could affect a person and how they could learn to take a chance of trusting God to give them strength to take a chance to love again. Great book!
Vanessa Vale will not let you down with her steamy cowboy duos. She has heat, intrigue and heart in each of her books, and the perfect endings that always have you waiting for more. Awaiting the next in the series!
Great book very interesting
I've read nearly every Cussler Fargo Series book. Loved them all. But The Solomon Curse was the best. A truly “can't put down” book. I'd like some sleep but just bought the Romanov Ransom and May have to survive a few more days before a get some needed rest.
Many mysteries explained in this book. I do like that the story isn't finished here and that there is more to come.
What a great story! So well written, fully filled out, with interesting characters and mystery to spare. I could 'see' each event as though I had experienced it myself. I am so glad this writer and this series was recommended to me by a friend, and I will continue to read this series.
I have read every book in the Love in Bloom world, most more than once. Melissa Foster does not disappoint. Not only is Love like ours a hot romance between Talia and Derek. But it is so much more. It's the real life struggle and dedication of being a family caregiver. The choices Derek makes to honor his father and take care of him, in only the way a family member can is both honorable and heartbreaking at the same time. Melissa nails the challenge of finding a life for yourself yet at the same time giving your love one the life they deserve. I don't think another author could have captured this better. Plus the hot and steamy romance. Love it and recommend it to anyone who will listen!!
Before you touch this book, read ALL of the Judgement books and the companions books. This was certainly the best emotional rollercoaster of a series I have read in years. Just brilliant. Mrs. Melissa Haag thank you for sharing your love of the written word.
One of the better books I've ever read. It's one you want to have more of--this is one story line that I wish had 10 more in the series. Alas, it's not to be. I easily identified with the protagonist, but what really shines is Ms. Meyer's writing, and the way she packs so much, well, character into her characters. This separates her from many of the writers in the genre she has joined here, and makes a 500+ page book seem like 250. Excellent work, ma'am. Send more our way!
It is really important to know the right way to cook something tasty and healthy on keto Crock Pot. With the best keto crock pot Cookbook, these methods are easier for me and I can cook in less time.
It was wonderful. I fell in love with the characters and brought back so many memories. I finished the trilogy in two days!
Loved this book ! Could not read it fast enough. Charles Martin is an awesome Author ! Can't wait to see the movie !!!!!
This is really an excellent book. Recipes are easy to read and follow, well written by the author. I highly recommend this book.
I always love how mr Richards uses cutting edge science to tell stories but never forgets the human factor, a brilliant novel.
This book is so easy to follow, logical, and gives real life advice. I am a working parent and didn't think I would have the time or energy to implement a lot of these strategies. But I have found that it doesn't take much, is actually enjoyable, and has created a closeness with my son I am so grateful for. A wonderful shift has happened in our family and for that I have Dr. Aurora to thank.
This is a fabulous story by Fiona Faris. The novel starts out with an arranged marriage of convenience and the characters soon develop and learn about each other's personality and nature. A great read! I had a hard time putting it down to get some work done in anticipation of the ending.
...this story of Harper and Rogan. At the heart of the story is the manor.; and that d**m curse! Can't wait for Reid's story and Brigs.
Throughly enjoyed the read
I'm an avid book reader - so, I was a little skeptical selecting this book, but truly, the reviews were spot-on. It was a brief, easy read that was a pretty good story line. I wasn't disappointed. Kudos to the author!
Awesome illustrations show a deep truth to children of all ages. I truly recommend it!
This was the first book I read by this author's darker alter ego. I thought it was well done. The first part of the book is a series of short stories, while the last one is longer, starting at 29% and ending at 99%. As in most anthologies or collections, some of the stories I liked more than others, but overall I thought they were well done.
It was a great book, one of the best Vietnam war Vet books I have read. Our current young pampered generation should read this book and find out what true patriots or vets are.
This is a great Historical book. It is an inspirational book with a good story line. I did not want it to end. I recommend this book by a talented writer.
Martin is becoming one of my favorite authors. I had enjoyed 2 of his other books, so I looked forward to reading this one. i read It in less than a day, but hated to see It end. It is a wonderful story about redemption, good and evil, and love. You won't be disappointed .
Once again the author had me guessing until the very end! Not to mention the chemistry between Simon and Gwen and their history. Just a great read!
An amazing add on to the Wicked series... with special appearances from the vampires of The Protector series. Fun and fulfilling read. Can't wait for more!!!
Intriguing story as usual my fiend but again with the death of the special story member. The best part though is that I didn't know the ending until I actually arrived at the end. That's good writing in my book.
Have not been able to put it down. Almost through with the second book in this series.
Loved the storyline and the action! Very well written.
The recipes are easy to follow and can be used by anyone regardless of their background.
This cookbook recipes are very delicious & healthy. The cooking process is very easy so anyone can cook it easily. There are 81 easy healthy recipes to cook.
Enjoyed reading this story about love in different time eras. It was also interesting to learn about the challenges faced by nurses caring for the wounded in time of war.
An amazing job of detective work for Angie and Jenna to accomplish in their last two weeks of pregnancy. Lots of suspects but they narrowed it down and came to the rescue one more time. Read this one right away too find out just how it all comes together in the end.
This is a wonderful love story filled with humor and wisdom. It's a great story that those of us who are RV's and travelers can relate to.
God loves to give us surprises. Not always what we expect but always what is best for us at the time.
Lovely book with unique characters with surprises at Every turn, A group of individuals brought together To make up a lovely family.
This is so great book and I so love on how it was written. Too simple however it gives us a great understanding. This book causes me to profoundly make a few information investigation effectively. This is absolutely the best one.
I loved this book! Everything about it from the tragic yet heartwarming backstory to the angsty push and pull between the Hero and Heroine to the explosive chemistry that rocketed off the pages kept me glued to my seat from start to finish. A taboo treat for anyone that loves the forbidden!
This book is perfect for those who are into this Freestyle 2018 Instant Pot Cookbook. I really enjoyed all recipes inside the book. this book is very easy and interesting Guide To Rapid Weight Loss Including Delicious. I recommend this book and would read.
A read for the spiritual hearted... A book to read over and over as it's so full of twists and turns to keep you on your toes... And wanting more!
A different kind of book. Lighthearted and short. 92 percent match but a 110 percent perfect for each other. This was a nice pace from the other series books. Thanks for the happy detour
This book was hard to put down. It was so honest and real. I would recommend any of Paula Wiseman's books. They show God's redeeming power, saving grace, and everlasting love for us.
Loved this book. From the first page to the last the author totally encapsulated family dynamics, raw emotional energy as well as the ultimate love of our memories. Intensely realistic of how we deal with trauma, hospitals and one another. The author keeps you captivated and emotionally attached to the characters and this read was hard for me to put down. I look forward to many more novels from Ms. Beers!!
A great read aloud. My 12 yo son enjoyed it very much. Every chapter makes you want to read the next. If you are studying this period of history, the author makes it come alive.
I got this book as a tool to use with a new apprentice in my digital marketing firm. It's been a fabulous tool to help the apprentice learn and understand each platform and how they can fit into a marketing strategy for our clients, as well as giving worksheets and tools to practice as you learn. The author has a friendly, reachable tone, not lofty or arrogant as is sometimes the case in these types of tools. Very down to earth and easy to understand even for someone new to social media marketing like my apprentice. Would definitely recommend!
This is the first book in a new series and is set in a small town in Colorado. The main character,. Cassie Collins had been away from her home town for many years and returns home after a bad car accident. She reunites with her best friend, who happens to be a deputy. There is a murder that is very similar to ne that happened 20 years ago and Cassie helps investigate. Well-written and very enjoyable. Looking forward to seeing where this series goes!
Great character development.
Well written and enlightening. I was recommended this book by a good friend and am very pleased I purchased it
Enjoyed this story very much. Tilly and Jake , made a great couple. Liked how they were both portrayed since they were 5 years old. Great writing.
This is the start of a terrific series! Awesome book!
What a thrilling ride! Thank goodness Kelly and Kendra survived to find their HEA. I wasn't certain that it would ever come and several times I took long breaks between reading this series because I was so frustrated and upset at all the upheavals in their lives, but I am so thankful I preserved to the end. A true romantic thriller!
Yes please. I loved meeting Razor and couldn't wait for his happy ever after. So many emotions, couldn't believe some of the words Candace pulled out of her characters mouths but man she can spin a tale . This is a M/m book and the kink level is off the charts hot. We get to see tidbits of Bud and Nickie and The Abbott and Spenser. I promise you will love the book
A very good and informative book. A must get book if you want to learn more about coyotes. You will be happy you got it..
I love Henry and Reed. I'm glad we got a glimpse into their lives again. The love they share is super sweet. Loved this short about their Christmas time together!
Enjoying all these books! The writers style and design of these characters is wonderful! Great series about a very interesting bed and breakfast on the Oregon coast!
What a great book and series
I could not put this book down. I loved every sentence, every character, every personal realization of life. This book is a perfect read.
I totally enjoyed traveling the AT with Paul. His emotional and physical transformation was a slow, sometimes painful 5 month journey. His discovery of self and God are inspiring. I now want to hike some of the AT and admire his deducted be a purest.
This was my third time reading this book and I almost never reread books. Beautifully written. Love Olive and Henry like they are family.
Easy reading style without sacrificing quality. The most meaningful novels are thought provoking. I believe that this is the time to " stand up and resist".
Anxious to now read the sequel. Very riveting storyline and easy to follow characters. Well written! Easy to read and hard to set down.
It was cute and sweet. Had heartache and love all tied into one. Makes you want to know what comes next.
Simple, easy recipes. Very helpful with my diabetic meal planning. For busy days I use the "Choose one from each category" option. I'm glad I bought this and I recommend for anyone with diabetes.
This book gives a detailed overview of Bitcoin and the surrounding technology. . Book ranged from history to entrepreneurial opportunities. This book was very informative and easy to read. I highly recommended.
Works on Windows 10 even if the percentage meter doesn't show a connection.
This is the best example of the "superhero" genre that I have found so far. It's more a male fantasy, though there are strong women characters, for sure. None of that man of steel woman of tissue paper bull shite. Very absorbing.
This is a fun series - fast paced and believable. The feisty old lady cracks me up. k in cody
Great Cookbook! Inside the cover are mouth watering photos of the delicious meals you can make in your Instant Pot. I am new to my Instant Pot and new to Keto as well. This Cookbook by Urvashi Pitre is full of lot us of International recipes, curry, Indian spices and more. I recommend this book!
yes it was i am enjoying it
This kept my interest from beginning to end! I enjoyed it immensely! Kept me guessing how it would all turn out.
Beautifully written, credible and consistent treatment of recurring characters, surprises and lots of tears at the end. Stunningly believable and “true” in the highest and best sense of that word.
This book was a fast paced, fun filled read from beginning to end! I dare you not to fall in love with Payton and Vince! An entertaining and well written storyline, quirky inner dialogue, hilarious banter and endearing characters make this one of my favorite reads from this author. Everyone needs some Payton in their life!
i loved this book ~ so well written ~ i find myself not wanting to stop reading ~ a true page turner
Love these books. I have read them all.
Very enjoyable quick read. Unique and entertaining.
Series only gets better
I really enjoyed reading and am looking forward to the next book I just hope it doesn't fall to the three book curse
If you want to cook some multipot recipes then get this book. Its will guide you in absolute way. Excellent recipes cookbook.The recipes are simple and easy to prepare. A great learning book. This cookbook presents а carefully hand-picked easy and delicious recipes that you can cook in your Foodi. Just Pick the best recipes you like and start cooking with your Foodi now. You will be amazed at how simple it is to use. The machine plays with you, but you need to make sure to handle it with care. It gives you healthy food with all the nutrients your body requires. Thus, you can feed your family with healthy meals without stressing yourself too much or spending long hours inside the kitchen.
Words from me mostly trip and crash to the floor, so I'll make this brief: the words in this did not but gracefully soared.
More please and soon. Love this series. I need the next book asap. I can't wait. Need more and more of this series. Thanks. Keep up the great work.
Extreme........ Explicit........holy cow!!!!!! And that is all I have to say about that. This was a very good story but extremely perverse.
Fantastic character development
Wonderful read. Well written and hard to put down
This book was historically interesting, beautifully written and also a page turner. Anyone who has struggled to finish a dissertation or had difficult 20's will appreciate.
Great book would recommend to really any one I enjoyed both of these books, probably not for kids under the age of ten
The ones I have attempted have turned into a portion of our family's top picks. Certainly propose this book to anybody on the keto diet. The formulas are straightforward and heavenly. This is my most loved Science of the Keto Diet. I preferred it so much I got it for my sibling as well and prescribed it to a few companions.. I essentially loved the book, heaps of fascinating data got some answers concerning this eating routine and how it assists with the correct methodology, I suggest. Thanks .
I always enjoy the authors stories. I keep adding to my list of the books read and will continue to search for more
Enjoyable, as all of the books in this series
Couldn't put it down. Kept my interest.
no one writes better than D. S. Her stories are all wonderful.
The new threats to life were so interesting. I liked seeing their world thru a “new” character but what I enjoyed the most was seeing my favorites from the first books all matured and in new stages of their life.
This is my first time reading anything from this author and it was really good. I love the story Andre drama. The family dynamic was goo as well.
One of my favorite Agatha Christie books! Enjoy!
Wow! I always think Jodi won't be to top her last incredible alpha male, but she consistently delivers! Theo and Izzy are both so broken individually, but so perfect together. A must read!!! Incredibly romantic, sexy, captivating, in other words PERFECT!
Well witten, fast paced, realistic characters and... A good plot on a dystopian world actually not so different from our reality. Anyway, this trilogy is taking shape as a prequel to The Rimes Trilogy... Good move.
COULD NOT PUT BOOK DOWN
This was a book that I did not want to end and could not wait to pick it up again. The story line was not predictable. The spirit of love shines through as the journey of two different people learn to trust.
Lovers of the fantasy genre will definitely like this book and this series. Although this is the second book in the series, it's an independent story that can be read on its own. However, I will warn you that if you read this story, you will want to go back and read book one as well! The author has a great ability to draw readers into the story and the characters and keep them turning the pages. I enjoyed this tale about Weaver and the fantasy world he lives in and all the twists and turns of plot that make a great story. I believe other readers will as well.
I found this book a powerful evocation of early friendship between girls, a universal experience of first, intense love. The girls are realistic, in play and abandonment. After all, there is always a leader and a follower. One of us moves on,leaving the other with unanswerable questions and deep sadness. We learn these lessons in order to move into adolescence and adulthood.
I absolutely love this book! JM's characters are portrayed in such a way that in no way do you feel sorry for them you actually cheer them on. Zeke has had a hard road, with his face brutally scarred, it has also scarred his confidence. He feels unworthy of anything but disgust for his looks. Ember sees beyond all the scars and sees the man beneath it all. On a personal level her problems are beyond the physical and she finds herself dealing with a lot of changes for both her and her son Drew. PTSD is very real and many older veterans, like Ember's Dad, didn't have the resources that are now available. Zeke on the other hand has more surgeries to endure, but what he least expects is Ember's anger simmering behind her love and support. Drew is a piece of work, a typical four year old boy, and I fell for him just like Zeke did. This one will have you laughing and crying.
Repairman Jack is by far, the best series ever. Take Sam Spade, Travis McGee and throw in a little Frank Castle.. It don't get better than this.
What a wonderful book. I can't wait for the next one. We need stories about the rest of the princess.
Couldn't stop reading finished it in 24 hours. She's done it again!!! Can't wait to see what she does next!!!
Jewel E. Ann is not only one of my all time favorite writers but she is also one of the most versatile authors in the romance genre. All of her novels seem to combine several sub-genres into an entertaining and emotional reading experience that readers remember long after the last page has been read. I predict that Perfectly Adequate is going to touch many readers in a very personal way. The best way to describe this novel is the full "human experience" in all of it's glorious imperfections that make it absolutely wondrous ! Dr. Elijah Hawkins has experienced the worst kind of heartbreak when he and his wife divorced. His perfect marriage fell apart in an instance when his wife decided she no longer wanted to be married. There wasn't any reason other than she needed to be someone else rather than the person she had been all her life. She needed to change her life completely. The only thing that didn't change was her love for their young son. Now Elijah is dealing with heartbreak, trying to figure out what he did wrong so that he can fix it. He's a healer and he wants to heal his broken marriage until he meets the hospital's patient transporter Dorothy Mayhem. Dorothy is a ray of sunshine in his gloomy world. The trouble is that he doesn't know how to date and wooing her isn't easy. Dorothy is special because she is on the autism spectrum. Her life is balanced by her lists, her sense of order, and her unique personality. Just because she moves through life on her own specific terms does not mean she can't be a lover, a partner, a friend, or a parent. She just has to do it at her pace. Elijah loves everything about Dorothy. He's not put off by autism and he's not put off by her peculiar habits. He finds her quirks endearing and values her honesty. Her capacity to love with all of her being makes his world a better place. The ex-wife is starting to see what she lost and wants her husband back. Can Dorothy sacrifice her love for Elijah and his son so that they can rebuild their family. The choice may not be Dorothy's at all. They all have to listen to their hearts and stay true to themselves. They are all a part of the human spectrum. This novel was a not only a beautiful romance but also a beautiful showcase of humanity. I highly recommend reading this Perfectly Adequate by Jewel E. Ann.
I like the community sprite, continued peeks into the family of Bliss. Great to see the new plot unfold. It never appears as you would expect.
This series weaves its way around the streets and landmarks of Barcelona - it's a perfect fictional travel guide - enjoy!
Wow. Who knew that the dark side of Avalon was *that* dark. Be warned, you'll need a strong stomach to get through parts of this tale. But it is a story that needed telling. The most disturbing thing to me was how many adults turned a blind eye to what was happening.
Great book! Could not put it down! So glad there is a new installment to the Beaumont Series! Onto the next book in the Next Gen series!
An interesting and thrilling story. Through trials of caring and being threaten the main character's came out loving each other.
Wow, this story blew me away. I loved how all the twists worked together and everyone got their happy ending. Sloan and James were such opposites, yet very alike too. And Kinley was so strong and brave. The ending was such a surprise, that I never saw coming. Don't miss this great addition to the series.
I love the Privateer Tales! This isn't a grand space opera saga, it's just good story-telling, with excellent characters. For those of you old enough to remember, this is like an old-fashioned game of Traveller, set into a story. These books are quick reads that you can just settle in with for a weekend, and feel like you're with friends.
A relationship that spanned centuries love/hate. Started with being left at altar. A magic/soul stealing criminal will this bring them back together and finally catch this criminal for good. They say 3rd time is the charm will it work. Will they make up and live happily ever after will the criminal be finally imprisoned for good. Well all I can say is you have to read it to find out. The other books in this series are great by favorite all time author is Char Webster
Love this book, I found this book a complete and detail written on air fryer. Every recipe is well written. These recipes are easy and fast to cook. This book added a variety of recipes in my kitchen. For air fryer meals lover this book is a best choice. Recommended.
This ninja foodi cookbook is worth to have. The recipes are super overwhelming. I just can't wait to try them out. Worth recommending to my friends and relatives!
Adriana Locke is one of my top go to authors. She writes books that everyone wants to read because she is a master storyteller. Her writing is excellent and her character development is brilliant. Crank is the beginning of Ms. Locke's The Gibson Boys Series and the final Landry sibling installment. Walker Gibson is a big cranky hunk of a man and Sienna is independent southern girl and when the two meet is it is captivating. There's a lot of back and forth between the two of them that is quite entertaining. When they final manage to get together it is so hot that I'm surprised that the building didn't burn down. Ms. Locke has always had strong supporting characters in her books and this one is no different. With their introduction in Lucky Number Eleven, I was looking forward to more of the Gibson Boys but getting to know them better in Crank just makes me dizzy with excitement for the next installment of the series.
Couldn't put it down.
I like mystery & think this was very fast paced one. Adding the incite into Austin have interest. I enjoyed it very much.
Twins by Her Billionaire Boss (Billionaire Boss, Moment of Weakness, Surprise Twins, BWWM Romance) is a very good and sweet interracial romance novel that earned a rating of five stars. I enjoyed reading this book about John and Jody romance. John is Jody's boss and he flirted with her for four years, but at the office Christmas party everything changes for both of them on their way to finding love. I would recommend this book to everyone who enjoys reading very good interracial romance novels.
My son has been wearing these for about a year now and they are his favorite googles. Will be ordering another pair today did my youngest child. The hard case they come in is beyond excellent. They don't get damaged and they are easy to drain and dry.
Best! I have an INSTANT POT But I did not know what to cook. Seeing this book I thought that, as always, it would be copied from the Internet, But the recipes were original and most importantly delicious! My family is happy!
I found this book enjoyable and relatable. I haven't quite decided which tendency I am yet, but definitely feel the insights are helpful overall. Take her quiz for free and see what you think! I like the fact that it isn't supposed to describe every aspect of one's personality or unlock every answer we need, but rather clue us in to what motivates us and how we will better get things done and make changes in habits when we desire. Brilliant book.
Howard Kaplan has outdone himself with his compelling work, "The Spy's Gamble," which is engaging and thoroughly enjoyable. This is an excellent book!
I enjoyed the journey with NIcholas and Clare. Even though it was a strange agreement, I enjoyed his pursuit by including one kiss a day and him not starting with a kiss to her mouth. I enjoyed the different cultures coming together the things they each had to learn. For me it was a great read.
I absolutely loved this book and didn't want it to end! Great story! Had never read anything by this author before, but will definitely be looking for more if her books!
This book was fantastic! It has romance, heartbreak and most of all healing. It handled a touchy subject with honesty and understanding. Perfect!
Amazing!! I couldn't put this one down. I love it!! True love is amazing and this story really touched my heart!!
Penny is supposed to be marrying William, but due to a mixup, she ends up married to Harrison. I loved this story and it will suck you in from the first page. If you enjoy a side of laughter with your romance, you won't be disappointed. The characters are well written and believable. I have enjoyed all the books in this series and recommend them to everyone. I'm looking forward to reading more from this author.
So different from the fantasy I normally read; I enjoyed it as the story unfolded and can't wait to read what comes next.
I have read many, many investment books, and this one is among the best. Jim's book is clear and concise and the tools that he uses to identify trade opportunities are easy to download (link in the book) and in the few weeks I've used them have been easy to follow, easy to trade and -- like the title -- have had many more winners than losers. If you have an interest in Forex and the MT platform, this book is well worth the price.
Excellent Mystery Series
Loved the book, can't wait to read the rest of the series
Now that is an EXCELLENT story! From the start of "Men Under Fire" to the very end it has you under it's spell. With a great cast of characters and a well written storyline you will not be able to put it down. Loved it! Happy Reading:)
This book was very easy to read and understand.This book gives an exceptionally essential clarification !I found this book full of tips and advice that really Impressive , it was well packaged and arrived very quickly! author did a great job!
In here many essential contents about weight watchers cookbook. I really satisfied with this freestyle cookbook. It has included many effective tips and tricks about weight loss and health & Physical fitness. Best content added via Author. I love this book. Thanks to the Author and suggest this weight watchers cookbook.
Liked everything, especially the history lessons contained in his stories.
This book.....WOW! The chemistry between these two.....off the Charts! This has everything a book needs....A must read for all. Heat, passion, anger, heartache and a HEA! Pickup your copy today! Some advice...... you will definitely want book two, don't be stingy, grab that one as well!
Love this series! I can only say good things about it because I enjoyed every second of reading it. I found it incredibly difficult to put down.
Has ups and downs, twists and turns....I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I was both aggravated and intrigued but couldn't put it down.
I read this book, The Ultimate Guide to Influencing Human Behavior Using Defeat Messages and Prohibited Psychology
I love this book and all its characters. They were thoroughly filled in by the author so that the reader could clearly visualize events as they happened. Loaded with lots of intrigue, suspense, and romance. This is not one I'll forget in a long time.
Awesome cookbook. This book is certainly well-organized and presented. I enjoyed learning more about Keto, from the author's learning, as well as her personal experience. This book gives you a Keto world of cuisine.
Love the twists and turns. Dannika Dark knows how to keep you captivated into the early morning.
This cookbook is outstanding. I have made 3 recipes from it now,and they have been incredible. Recipes are so good and easy to make.this book was exactly what i was looking for.Thanks author.
Cute,fun light and sexy, enjoyable laugh out loud funny Enjoyed the characters and dysfunctional family atmosphere Very sexy man.... want to borrow him!
I didn't know much (ok, anything) about the Epstein Barr virus going into this, but the topic sounded intriguing. The book does an excellent job of explaining the history of the virus and describing what exactly is is. It gives details on the symptoms and what a diagnosis consists of. Finally, there's a section on treating the disease and what the recovery process is like. For a book on such a technical topic, it's an easy read. The author makes it an enjoyable read that goes by very quickly. I'd recommend this for anyone interested in medical or scientific topics who's looking for a brief but detailed book.
Excellent story. No boring sections. If you like action stories, this is for you. Great suspense from beginning to end.
Good for people who just start the path of work out. This book really covers the basic and essentials that all level trainers need to know.
I thought the writing style was excellent. Enjoyed the storyline. It was a very good read. I had never read anything by Carolyn Miller and I enjoyed each book in this trilogy.
I was so happy to see Kim Cash Tate had this novella, something to whet my appetite until the next novel in her Promises of God series comes out. I've been waiting not so patiently for book three so this novella coming out was right on time and didn't disappoint. There was plenty of intrigue and relatable relationship moments. I LOVE how real this story is and, as always, love how Tate interweaves Scripture and crises of faith in the story. This is another winner!
Professor Sowell is a treasure.
This book contains information on Alkaline diet. Beginning anything just because can be overwhelming.I have now list of alkaline foods and recipes to add for my daily meals. This book had more information than most did, but I'm still finding a few contradictions in the information. (The diet resembles gluten free diets, but gluten free has more science behind it.) The book does offer two week meal planning schedule, which is a good way to start. The foods and recipes are very unappealing and you're warned that it takes a lot of willpower to stay on this diet.
I stumbled across Andrew Watts through a promotional push of his first book in The War Planners series. He has exceeded expectations. This has been the most interesting plot line I have read in years. To date I have read all of his books. For those who are just beginning to read Mr. Watts, I will forego detailing the story, lest I spoil your enjoyment. Yesterday I bought his newest book, Overwhelming Force, Book 5 in the series. I am only 1/2 way through it as I write, but the story line continues on a tear. The book opens with a limited nuclear engagement. The plot is unique, the characters are real. As an avid consumer of mystery/action/thriller novels, I have read every book by Baldacci, DeMille, Child, Flynn, Coes, Berenson, Coben, Woods, Box, Burke, Thor, Berry, White, and others. By the end of the day, I will add Watts to my list. Read The War Planners series. You will like it.
Clear and concise, providing answers to many questions regarding light therapy. Also provides guidance and information on quality Red/NIR lights available for purchase.
This is a very interesting book for couples. The information in this book is very helpful. I really enjoyed reading this book.
I will refer back to this book for years to come.
Great read. Love her books.
Couldn't put it down! Love all her books and they always have a twist you aren't expecting. Interesting point of view that's unexpected and just right at the same time
I've read all the Medical Medium's books now. And I get so much from each one. My health has transformed over the past couple of years, but I was still not as 'lean' as I wanted to be. Not fat, but not as slender as I was in the past. After reading Liver Rescue, I was inspired again and made more adjustments to the way I eat-- and in the past month I am not only feeling even better, but am noticing the loss of body fat. I am SO grateful for the information Anthony Williams shares with us!
2nd book in this series is full of intrigue, charged with emotion, greed and a not happy ending. Looking forward to the next one.
The ending came in a bit fast but I thoroughly enjoyed this book. You will not be disappointed, I promise...
This book held my interest from start to finish. I loved the main character, Vivian, and came to love and appreciate her independence and deeply ingrained sense of self-worth. Her relationship with Frank was both heartbreaking and inspirational.
This is such a good story. I really hope the next book comes out really soon. You see this one ends in a cliffhanger and its going to drive me crazy. I need to know what happens next.
So raw that I sometimes had to avert my eyes and heart, to put it away until I could take it again. Somehow you grow with Andre.
I still love it! A lot of them are family friendly as well. It really helped me having a sample menu for each phase. Following that was an amazing It contains recipes for all stages of post-op eating, helpful tips for cooking, There is such good teaching about the whole process.
I read this book, hoping to try to understand, what drove this woman, to do, what she did. I found it hard to believe her story, that she was so fearful of her mother (she was a grown woman at one point) to just have these babies alone in a house, with only her mother present, and then doesn't remember anything of the birth, or how the babies died. She blames her mother for their deaths. Why didn't she just go to a hospital like she did for all her other children, that lived. It was evident to me, she didnt want these children, (she thought of them as bastards) and choose to just have them, and let them die. To hide them in a storage unit for years, until its contents were sold for non payment, tells me she is of limited intelligence, or just thought she would never get caught. I found it very hard to have sympathy towards her, and I usually would, but in this case, she was a grown woman who could have told her mother to but out. But she didn't, and chose what she was convicted of. I come from Queens NY, so I wanted to read this story, but I find her actions outrageous.At any time, if what she is saying were true, she could have gone to the police. She claims abuse and rape by her father and brother. The brother is still alive, and refutes her allegations. The babies that died, she didn't want to be with the fathers, the ones that lived, she was living with their fathers. She chose to murder her own infants because they meant nothing to her. Keeping their bodies was just some morbid lunacy on her part. This is how she got caught, karma.
This is a really good book.
This my first time to hear about Python and Raspberry PI and was hyped to finish reading this book. Raspberry Pi has gone through several generations since the program was first created and released to the public. The very first generation of the program was released in 2012 which was then followed by another model that was inexpensive and straightforward to use. This book is great for those people who wants to become an excellent programmer.
I would highly recommend this book to any person either new to trading or someone like myself who has traded less than successfully for over 30 yrs. When I say less than successfully, don't misunderstand, I have made money, just not as much as I believe I will in the near future as a result of reading this book. If you think you know how to trade and make money, try reading this book and see if you profit margins increase. Everyone can learn even experienced trades.
Discovering a new collection of Blake Pierce mysteries is very exciting. I can't wait to read book 2 in the Riley Paige series. Her character is an inspiration. Discovering a new talent is always good. Developing that talent is an adventure.
I really liked this book, I bought it on the advice of a friend and now I will also learn from it
Loved the quick read. It was engaging and easy to understand. I would recommend this to any and every creative. I gave it 5 stars because most people disregard short and to the point books like this.
Detective Hobbes is not quite human, but a heck of a cop. Hobbes takes in Andy after he burns down his room and loses his job. The town they live in is full of unusual characters. Andy helps in his own way even though he is a klutz. Hobbes takes care of his town and his people. This is the first 3 stories in the series and I enjoyed them a lot.
Received the first book free when I downloaded the Kindle app. Great series. I am currently half way through book 3 and have already downloaded book 4!
This was a cute story.the characters were so fun.
What a great ride! The characters are great! I could hardly put the book down! Can't wait to get into the next book! Thank you!
Enjoyable book with fun twist...easy read with interesting look into underworld of therapy and its impact on patient and therapist.
I really dig how this is broken down so as to be accessible. I always thought it out of reach, but Chris hives me all the guidance needed to get some of these ideas under my fingers. Give yourself some time and stick with it and you won't be disappointed!
Well written and engaging! Threw some tropes on their ears yet kept to its core. Well defined characters and realistic relationships add just the right tensions to a plotline that takes the reader to the edge. Pacing on point! Recommended!
This book had me biting my nails to see what would happen next. Legend couldn't stand his neighbor or so he thought. Pepper was a free spirit that loved life and that included making Legend crazy. One moment changed everything. I loved little Charlie and getting all the gang including some Cold Fury thrown in. This team is a family and they stuck together to help one another through thick and thin. I can't wait to get my hands on Dax's book next.
As usual Elle Kennedy and Sarina Bowen get it done. Great story, great characters and you can't help cheering on both mc's. I love when these 2 writers get together, the stories are always hot and fun!
Worked great and easy to put on and a fraction of the cost of the one I bought at Verizon when I bought my phone.
But what trouble awaits in this historical novel. Long work days, brutal bosses and always those eager to take advantage of young, unprotected woman. The prejudice against birth marks adds even more brutality to an innocent girl.
Seriously, this is a great way to begin making permanent changes in my diet and health. This book is very practical. It provides tips to slowly include changes to create sustainable habits, not only in eating, but in exercise, and other relaxing lifestyle behaviors. With easy to understand vocabulary, this book begins by helping to understand the science behind the Mediterranean diet and how/why it works. It provides a 7 day meal plan with simple, easy, and flavorful recipes. Mediterranean Diet Cookbook thanks author!
Great book to help satisfy the urge to snack! Quick, easy recipes!
Excellent book. Lots of very good, well thought out information. In my opinion, an excellent resource for any Tarot level of expertise; certainly beginner and intermediate. I got the Kindle version. May get the paperback too.
I am absolutely amazed! Aiden, you are a very smart and talented young man and I throughly enjoyed your book. Phenomenal!
First time I've read a book by Rachel Wesson and was pleasantly surprised. Expertly crafted with a good storyline and amazing characters. She made us feel the heartbreaking loss of her family and home, as well as the responsibility of keeping Ellen safe. Katie met Daniel on the train and it was love at first sight
Great book held my interest for the entire book
It portrays in subtle elements neural nets, choice trees, cooperative tenets and others. The cool thing, which I like most, is that this book could be extremely useful for beginners.A great book package for the individuals who are searching for an entire bundle wherein you can take in everything about Data Analytics from starting to cutting edge.
This book talked about few important thing about trading like.... The basic of trading, how to build circle of competence, complete discussion about the bull and the bear markets,how to identify stocks that are about to explode, how to pick the stock that nobody wants, common beginner mistakes and how to recover that.
Just really enjoyed characters and plot. It is amazing the creativity to bring something new to the table. The story line really pulled me in.
Good read, unable to put down.
I'm still in love with this wonderful series. It really is well written and it's a captivating series. Please right the next book soon. No pressure.
Excellent book for those readers looking for romance, suspense and action. I will definitely be reading this book again.
Great characters, good plot, barely able to put it down
This series has everything. It's a love story, a mystery and heart warming friendships. Love should be like this everywhere.
My friend was recently diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. So I purchased this book for her. She really appreciated the information along with interesting and inspiring recipes. I think it's a great "starting" book for someone who is new to diabetes based on my friend's input. This book has lots of good advice for those trying to eat better and manage their diabetes.
I believe they the author has a great love for all animals. With the gift of writing about them as soul mates from the heart. Anyone who lived in the 60s and 70s saw this type of event unfold and watched tv clips with years in our eyes, thinking how can people be so evil. The book was great at telling the story from the victim s point of view. Thank you.
this book you will find many easy and delicious recipes which will help you to lose your weight and keep you fit.I hope you must find this book useful.If you are wanting to stay vegan, but want to lower your carbs, this is a great resource.love this cookbook. It's fortunate there is a veggie lover cook book. I for one like how straightforward and simple to set up the dishes. I discover the book extremely supportive on the grounds that I myself is thinking about to wind up plainly a veggie lover. I think there are a great deal of advantages from it. I do wish that there are photo of every dish with the goal that I recognize what they should resemble. There are a variety of and delicious dishes that can be cooked for the eating routine arrangement. Overall, this book is well-presented and the recipes are really great. Would love to recommend this book to my friends and family!
I really enjoyed this book. So much so that I couldn't' wait to go to bed (where I do most of my reading) to read for another 3-4 hours. 😊 A couple of times I thought I had it figured out, but nope, I didn't. The characters in the book for the most part are believable. Some you like and some, well....not so much. I can't think of anything that I didn't enjoy about the book. This was my first time reading from this author. I will be looking for more from Jo Crow. Thank you Jo!! 😁
Uhtred is my hero and I have a serious crush on him. Best character ever in a book series, period. Love the show too and the latest season was absolutely fantastic! Can't wait for the next book as usual and I think Cornwell is a mad genius for creating my beloved Uhtred.
It is a great read!!! Big surprise ending!!
Billie is a unique and special character again in Book 4. I was anticipating another spectacular performance from her and she did not disappoint me. Reed is an excellent role model for all of us in his professional and personal life. Add to that the fact that I could not put this book down and you can understand how exciting it is to read. Stevens is a master at keeping us guessing the direction of the action and plot. Cannot wait to start reading his next thriller.
I really enjoyed the book and the author's explanation of her storytelling at the end. Great series!
Love the Bosh series !!!
Kept me reading til the end. Caused me to cringe more than once, and then laugh out loud. Some good storytelling.
The main character is a tense man dealing with grief and anger after the death of his daughter. When he receives information about her death, he becomes caught up in a desperate search for truth. Great story and characterization.
I liked everything, suspense, asexual,family oriented and funny. It was an unexpected ending. I wish the rest of stories were free also.
Lived the family dynamics. The characters all so different and yet they had a bond so strong. There better be another book to follow!
This is a perfect Memory Book for those. I was so impressed on how this book was written because it consist of nice Memory Improvement. The book explains how nutrition and exercise effect the brain and there is some other interesting information about cognitive abilities and games to help improve them. that I am pretty sure would love it.
Holy bleeping wow! Amo Jones blew my damn mind with this story. From the very start this story captivates you, I was in deep and didn't want to come up for air until it was over. I felt the world fade away while I got sucked into this world. Isa and Bryant's world. All I need to know now is WHEN THE HELL IS THE NEXT ONE COMING, BECAUSE I CAN'T BE LEFT LIKE THIS, THIS CAN'T BE REAL...
Great read about Ketosis. This book contains great recipes that I am pretty sure your family would love it. The recipes listed herein are so great and I highly recommended.
I have read many of her books. And will read many more I'm sure. Once you find a good author you follow them and read everything!
If you're looking for a fun filled read look no further. So funny I couldn't put it down. Thumbs up!
The best meals are simple meals, especially when healthy eating is the goal. Simple meals also require fast prep, which makes your life much easier.
A wonderful story of some very humorous happenings of some old friends that may grow to more than just friends.
A great series but I am forced to rate the book/series when I just want to hunt for joy and her next adventure.
The story line really pulled me in. I love it when there are unique characters with fantasy aspects to learn about. In this book it is about the world of Faerie. And what happens with outcast faeries. There are magical components and humans involved. And a puzzle to solve--who are the real bad guys? Would like to read more, so looking forward to the next book in the series!
I had read The Good Knight some time ago and so was so pleased to download this boxed set , read it once more and continue the saga. Splendid character depiction and complicated mystery story combined .
Nice continuation of the series.
I think I have every published book written by Keri Arthur. My library is definitely crowded with three stacks of books on each shelf. I was sooooo happy when ebooks came into being, because it is so hard to find a specific book in my physical library. As a result, I started downloading ebooks by my favorite authors. Ms. Arthur is on my immediate buy list. This story is about a female Phoenix who has lived and died for centuries. She currently works transcribing the written notebooks of her boss onto her computer so it can be printed, and then proofed by her boss. He is murdered, and the transcript of his notes are very much wanted by good guys and bad. From there other characters are introduced. There is great world creation, murder and a romantic backstory. I just finished rereading this book on my Kindle. Now onto the next in this series.
Women have a tendency to be caretakers and not honor their own needs. This book illustrates a woman that looks after her own needs and meshes them with those in her life.
What an emotional book! I love that Sinclair writes her books so intelligently. This isn't pointless adult scene after scene. This was an adventure in emotions and healing and the discussion of consent which isn't spoken of enough in this genre. And these friends are so funny, it was a joy to read.
This was a great read! The characters were fully realized with great depth. I will finish this series and anything else by this author. Wonderful start and am anxious to read the entire series!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this book. I have been working remotely for a long time, and with distributed teams (even when I was in an office). So it was a big surprise how in depth this book went with its tips and information. This book is jam packed with hugely helpful information and actionable tips, whether you are someone looking to work remotely, already work remotely and want to get better at it, or a company investigating allowing more remote work. There is something for everyone in here. Bravo!
I was highly bless, i couldn't put the book down. It placed a drive in me to follow her steps.. God bless you, Amanda Ferguson great book.
This is a great read and wonderful characters! I can't wait to read more from this author. I couldn't put it down!
These short stories are just what you need to get into the holiday spirit. From small village to big city, love is in the air.
I enjoyed this book and didn't want to put it down. I highly recommend reading it. I like that it went back and forth from the then and now.
Sydney and her friends who are involved deal with their deadly surroundings located in contemporary eastern Syria where ISIS holds sway.
Bought this cookbook to help with our diet to not only lose weight, but lower blood pressure. So far, the recipes are easy and don't require ingredients that are hard to find or are expensive. We have prepared recipes for fish, chicken and pork. They are all good! Servings are small, but you get used to cutting portions with this diet.
Sometimes you don't want or need to read a long book to understand the basics. This was perfect.
Every time Erica releases a new book I think that it just must be my favorite, and then the next one comes out...... I absolutely loved this one! What a delightful love story with wonderful characters, clever dialogue and descriptions of the town and it's people that will make you feel a part of it all. It honestly made me want to go there! It will make you smile, laugh, and cry , all at the same time! A Great Read worthy of more than five stars!!
Excellent read. Very insightful into the wrestling business, and other outside aspects that go into creating all the magic that happens inside that squared circle. Backstage Politics, antics, propositions, the creative side, talent relations, building up a Super star etc, it's all in this book! Inspired me to understand the business from a different perspective and want to be a part of the Wrestling family even more.
My son wanted to know a million words one day and I bought this for him because I don't have time to define that many words and Alexa was having a hard time understanding him.
Can't wait to read the next one. First new angle in the genre I've seen in years. Thank you for surprising me.
Great read that provides plenty of suspense and action throughout with twists and turns to take you all the way to the end.
The author is straightforward (no fluff); he's also brave for sharing this deeply personal moment, and he's humble too. Simultaneously, you'll be surprised and stunned at the life-changing event (and how it happened!) which changed his life forever. It's a given that life will throw unforeseen challenges our way; however, it's up to us to decide how we will survive through the toughest of times. This book leaves readers with the belief that ... despite the most dire of circumstances, there are ways to move forward, and yes, with our sanity intact. Karen M-S.
Very strong... Worked great! just be weary of sensitive skin.
She made me laugh so hard, I couldn't read the next line for at least 5 minutes. Awesome book. She really takes you there with every emotion. I have a question though: What ever happened to Roscoe?
This book is one of my go-to Tarot sources. Her take on reading Tarot and what the cards may mean in any given reading resonate with me. Her writing style is witty, clear and truthful. The descriptions of cards are refreshing, not the same old key words, and open up new lines of personal inquiry.
I'm enjoying all the glimpses into the past of the Shadowhunters that these books are providing, but this one broke my heart. The live that Jem and Tessa have for Will is so true and immense that whenever they speak of him, I feel like I grieve as well knowing they had such a short time with him:(
Susan is a force to be reckoned with in this genre,and outstanding book wonderful characters ,great storyline ,great sex scenes ,heart stopping moments ,this one has a feel of Signal Bend about it ,edge of the seat stuff couldn't put it down ,as usual I look forward to each and every book she puts out ,knowing that I will never be disappointed.
Wow! This book is so informative. It has a lot of information that I can use to invest and buy bitcoin. Helpful!
But of course, you can not go wrong with a Deborah Raney book!
so far I've read almost every book within a week of release and the only disappointment is when I realise I'm at the end of the book again some 6-8 hours later and craving more to read, please keep up the great work and get the next one out slightly earlier please!!
It removed all the blackheads from my nose area. My only issue is it can be difficult to find the edge to peel the mask off even after it's dried so I suggest using more product.
The recipes in this book are extensive and delicious. I have tried several and am very pleased with the outcome. I look forward to using this book as my weekly reference for new and exciting dishes.
I devoured this book. I couldn't put it down but had to. I was with her in every scene. Her words were special and I felt her angst and love of family. I truly admire her honesty in unmasking her soul.
Most amazing book. Couldn't stop listening. Been telling everyone to read this series.
Well written and able to read easily
Characters are awesome, very funny , yet serious, about died laughing in parts.
it is my understanding that next book in this horseman series is not going to include these two characters. however, I am looking forward to the next book.
to love one another as brothers & sisters of the human race, and not hate based on skin color or differences? The emotions provoked by SHINING THROUGH DARK CLOUDS left me exhausted. To walk that path with Felicia while she dealt with her memories was almost more than I could stand. And yet it solicited more compassion than I could ever have imagined. The stories of The Brendan Chronicles should force us to strive to never let this horrible part of our history repeat!!!
A great middle to the series, with plenty of action, dare, and excitement! I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I can't wait for the next book!
It kept my attention. The relationship between Ace and Nicole was well done. The. Conflict between the two of them keeps you wondering what will happen next.
This book gives so much hope and help in the difficult times. I am thankful for this author and the courage she had to write about her marriage. May God bless her.
I needed to become familiar with Kubernetes quickly. This book did the job as a springboard into the technology. Very good practical survey.
It was refreshing to find an author who writes a great story. Rather than a CIA agent, Gabriel Allon is Mossad, a new twist to suspense. When contracted to find Tariq, his old fore, it quickly becomes apparent that things aren't as promised. Gabriel must learn to adapt before it's too late.
This is really an excellent book. This book can help you create your very own healthy, delicious and low carb bread straight from your kitchen. The book contains many recipes and i want to try them all.The specifics of this books really is nice compared to what I am used to. I enjoyed this book very much. I highly recommend this book.
I really liked the fast paced action of the story and how it brought together all different kinds of people to join together and try to survive and support each other! Keeps you interested
You will learn things you never knew about American history..
This book guide you through proven steps and strategies to understand the basics of it and furthermore how to get more benefits. I have learnt good points from this book and practical tips
Woohoo now this story just throw me for a whole new meaning of being daddy's little girl I for once don't want to mess with Daddy he is just so over the top of a lovely papa that I want one of my own. This is just a very intense emotional read that took me for a very nice ride.
Just what I was looking for! Can't wait to see if I can do it. I looks delicious and nutritious.
Our heart doctor recommended this type of cooking and this book gives easy recipes and the food is good. We looked at other books with weird ingredients and passed them by. This one is a keeper!
Another fantastic book
Really great read. Loved it! Couldn't put it down 😃
DeMille never disappoints and the plots are always different
This cookbook is a cultural adventure with all types of delicious foods. If you're looking for something different than a "Mediterranean diet"-type cookbook, try to find this book. It's a winner. There is a wide range of recipes; the author clearly both loves and is deeply knowledgeable about her subject matter, and she clearly explains where she has made alterations and why. Recommended.
Recipes are Delicious Amazing, easy recipes that anyone could make. Love the color prices of each recipe.
A comfortable afternoon spent reading this sweet cozy mystery was a great way to enjoy the day. If you like cozy mysteries, you'll like this one.
A thrilling read. The novel had you totally enthralled. Didn't want to put it down and at the same time did not want it to end. Very enjoyable read.
I have read this book several times and every time I read it I gain a different perspective or a new way to understand where I am in life. Wonderful writing, great story telling and an immersive journey in to your own life.
I am so disappointed in all the readers who criticized this book as if it were one of her very large full sized novels, expecting drama and action and storyline as is usual for her previous books. It is obvious to any who read her books that a book only 250+ pages is not her usual full sized novel, but a novella for her. And this book was obviously meant to bring you some detail and insight into the lives of the characters without being overshadowed by action and drama. Only a true master can take a boring, uneventful time in their characters lives, turn it into a novella, and be able to capture me from the very first word. If you love Sarah Maas, then read her books as she meant them to be read, not as you expected them to be written, and trust her to have a reason and to carry it off with her wonderful style. Because her reasons and the final product were worth the read if you want to know what her characters are feeling now that the war is over. Interludes happen in everyone's lives. She has invited you into theirs. Now, that being said... Sarah Maas took the Court of Thorns and Roses, right in the middle of winter, peace in the air along with their version of Christmas, and told us what they all were doing, what they all felt, and what they all hoped for going forward. And kept my interest! That is a masterfully written novel. Not only am I completely floored by her ability to do that, but that she did that while in the middle of her own crisis means even more. I'm so glad your dad is ok, Sarah! I can't wait for the next masterpiece whether we visit the Court of Thorns or the Throne of Glass. Either one will do! So beyond well done I need to think of another phrase to cover it! Thank you so much for being so talented, Sarah J. Maas!
A great finish to a great series. Sorry to see it end.
This sci-fi thriller, that is rooted in fact, was so hard to put down. Highly recommended even coming from a sci-fi critic.
Anyone that loves fantasy will love this book.
Wow. First I watched the speech and knew then I had to read the book. There is just total wisdom on every single page. I wanted to highlight the whole book
Made me cry a few times.
It didn't take long for me to get caught up on the drama of the story . I know there will eventually be a happy ending but right now l am very frustrated with Daniel and want him to get the help he needs. Can't wait to find out what happens next!
Please continue to write more great books set in the Confluence universe. I have loved all of your books so far and can't wait to read more.
A great story. Evan Smoak is a wonderful character. Broken with a heart of gold. Can't wait till the next installment!! Enjoy!
This is a heartwarming story and have some of her other books as well.
The 30 Day Ketogenic Cleanse book makes it easy to get your keto life started. Overall Ultimate Guide to Living the Keto Lifestyle book is very brilliantly done. This book has been life changing for us.
Great read and series
Very through and informative
This book will cover their key procedures. You at last approach the mystery trading methodologies of divider road dealers. I felt this book truly separates the phrasing with the goal that everybody can comprehend it. It likewise discloses to you what oversights to maintain a strategic distance from while beginning which is dependably welcome.If you need to find out about swing trading and trading and contributing like a triumphant merchant then this book is for you!
This study has a great number of tools for disarming satan! While each chapter is a different stronghold, they all tie nicely together ❤ I enjoyed all the different prayers at the end of each chapter. There is also a place for your own special prayers! Great devotional/study!
A wonderfully written series that is perfect for teens, but also appealing to anyone. Theodore Boone is a smart young man who is well versed in the legal system and is always involved in some crazy case. Very well written.
When I first started taking an interest in cryptocurrency I thought I was so lost in this huge sea of unknowns. Where do I start? What are the useful keywords to look up and keep in mind? What are the available helpful resources? This cryptocurrency investing guide is written so that in just 1 hour of reading this, you would have a sense of what to expect of your upcoming crypto journey, and how to best go about starting it. Enjoy it, it might just be the most exhilarating ride of your life.
The recipes are easy to read and uncomplicated, yet flavorful. They're wonderful for beginners, but can be added upon for those who cook more often. I love that it calls for simple, easy-to-find ingredients. Great read.
I rate it 5 stars because is intriguing sexy and addicting love the characters the line story and the passion in it
I liked this cookbook so much because of its wonderful recipes which are so delicious and healthy as well. I can also use this as my guide in dieting. This is extremely a superb cook book. I have to share my impressions of this book. I got the delicate cover shape and did not mull over it in light of the fact that the Recipes. Good tasting recipes that are clear and easy to make. This book contain full of information about diet.
I love Thomas Cole. His skills, his rational, his dedication and his attitude. The story is relevant to today's world. Thank you Scott Jones
I totally loved this book. It is definitely Cinderella retold but I fell in love with Andrew and Clara. The evil stepmother was spectacularly evil and the Godmother was perfect too. It was simply magical. I loved Clara's personality and her zest for life. I loved how she took Andrew from a depressed alcoholic widower to a vibrant man again. Of course there are still misunderstandings galore and at one of two points I thought about throwing my Kindle across the room but it all worked out. Truly loved it. Safe and wonderful. I love Cinderella stories and if you do too, this is the book for you.
Excellent book, it's not easy to apply all the things he teaches in the book right away, especially if you were really bad with women but when you slowly apply the steps he teaches you really notice yourself change. Will read again because the book is so rich with knowledge that you might not have grasped or missed. Thanks Chris.
I didn't expect an ending like that. I enjoyed the 7 books. Well written, the plot and the way the history is developed keeps you hooked.
Basic, thorough, practical and funny. What's not to love? I was always looking for the time in my day when I could sit down and dig into this book. Thanks Jesse!
This is probably my favorite book on the list of favorite Julie Garwood books. This is the book I read by her and was hooked. I've never read a bad one. I love historical. Thus is such a heartwarming story. A man who had written himself off, but couldn't fight the intent of the heroine.
Loved this book.it showed all sides of the death
Her vision on the new area she has picked to live in compared to the life style she had before.
Loved the world building! Loved the characters! Awesome story. 😍 I really enjoyed this book and was fully immersed the whole time. Highly recommended!
Once again Kel Kade has created a story that I must finish before I can allow myself to put the book down! I eagerly await the next!
Such a unique and wonderful book. Do not pass this read by. Audible narrator is wonderful. Hated to reach the end.
This is really a wonderful and helpful book to produce efficiency skills. This book will give you actionable information on 7 skills and habits that you can build to build a 6 figure income. I found this book really very helpful, and recommend to others also.
I am happy to the point that I got this book since it helped a great deal on the most proficient method to execute a Mediterranean eating regimen. The formula is overly cool. What's more, delectable. They are new for me so I am extremely eager to attempt them as well. Much obliged Sarah Amber Patterson for composing a decent book.
Great book, great lifestyle change for a lifetime of energy, health, and overall mood.
Let get this out of the way, I didn't like the ending!! But as with the first book, it was intriguing to watch Aiden and Kevin as the story continues Kevin goes out on a recon mission on his own but ends up in trouble. Will Kevin make it home or will he end up in jail or will he die? What will Aiden do while Kevin's gone? Will the team be able to pull of the biggest mission of their life? To find out pick up your copy now!
Excellent sequel. When does the next one come? Always reading about the De Wolfe Pack and their off spring. Please write some more full length novels about them.
Love all of Elizabeth's stories! It's amazing how it seems like I'm there watching it all unfold. Hope there are more stories from this group of characters.
Loved it. Wish it wouldn't of ended
I have no idea how this series will end but I cannot wait to find out. Parts of this story are so suspenseful I had to lay the book down and walk away for a while to calm down. Dean Koontz is really good at making you feel like you are actually in the story. He writes very visually explicitly. It was great to bring in some characters from previous stories.
This book in the Series is a must read. Keeps the action going. I can't wait for the next one to come out!!!!!
Lighting is the hardest to control, and sometimes the most critical. These clip on lights have just the right brightness as an additional lighting source, and gives me an adorable light ring in my eyes.
A casual writing style, precise information and unbiased analysis turn this summary into a great bridge between the contents of the original book and a shorter version of all the pieces of information provided.nice concept provide about stoicism.
Give yourself time when you open up this book. Don't let your schedule be disappointed at your sudden lack of care.
Very informative. Useful, easy to follow steps. Great for parents and kids with any level of worry.
Hooked on the series. Not a romance fan, which this is a good bit about. I do like the sci-fi time travel aspect and the UK/American history.
Damon Brand and the rest of the Gallery Of Magic crew know what theyre talking about.
A riveting true story that keeps you guessing as the characters involved come more and more to life. The author is a terrific story-teller as well as a brilliant attorney.
I had a very hard time to put this story down I enjoyed the whole book and will read more of the series
grab an understanding of what your kids may be going through. some how, this book has been able to assist me , analyzing my children. recommended
Time travel and memory wards aren't enough to stop soul mates from finding each other again. The end of Saving Infiniti, the first novella of Joe and Infiniti's story, Joe promised Infiniti he would find her. A promise he intends to keep no matter the cost. Finding Infiniti is suspenseful through out the whole book. There is heart break, lost love, death and reuniting of friends. I loved the ending. I'm hoping for more of Fleet's story in the future from this author. I recommend reading this amazing story.
I enjoyed reading this book from beginning to end. It will keep you on your toes trying to figure out who was the killer.
I expected to learn VBA rapidly! This book was precisely what I required. I have programming knowledge so this preliminary was great. Regardless of whether you don't have any programming background, perusing this book will most certainly give you what you have to begin. It gives a decent establishment and comprehension of VBA so you can proceed onward to additionally sharpen your aptitudes. Goodness, and there are a great deal of code models in the book and on the friend site.
Ever read a book that you hope changes someone's life? This is that book. I am Iris I felt her pain, her soul her heart beating while reading this book. I laughed I cried and even smiled and felt myself get even stronger knowing that I am a strong woman like Iris and nothing will change that. Yes this book has many talks about basketball and careers but it's so much more. August is the sexy man on the cover with his good looks he's more than that he's a woman's dream come true. Once you read the book I hope it changes your thoughts or truly makes you think about people around you daily. Long Shot is truly one book I'll never forget. 5/5 stars definitely a 10 Star read and my top book of 2018 ***Reviewed by Sweet & Spicy Reads a voluntarily Advanced Reader Copy of this book ****
The start of the story of Emma, Jackson and Chase! Great story line,lots of heat, and promises of more to come!
Anyone who has an interest in WWII or in a story about human conflict will be moved by this remarkable story.
I would recommend this book to anyone that likes a mystery. It had believable characters. They did not get bogged down in romance but you knew there was an attraction. I will be following this author.
Danny Silk has given the world a real gift with this book. The tools given here will change you and empower you to love well if you apply them with all diligence.
What a great follow up to a great book. This 2nd book is so good. It continues the story and sets up the 3rd book perfectly. I really enjoyed reading it in one day and night and downloaded the 3rd LOL. I just had to know. 2nd books are sometimes a tossup but Claudia nailed it. Very fast paced and nail biting. Great Read.
This anointed book is a must-read for anyone who has a desire to see beneath the surface of modern-day politics and gain insight into God's plans and judgements. It will give you fresh resolve to hold fast to what is right and true.
Love this authors work. What a great series.
Read this at listening to Joe Rogan's podcasts. Lives up to the Goggins on that podcasts! Really fills in the details. Inspires me to push myself during workouts.
This book me reading to see what was going to happen next, will enjoy reading the others in this series to follow it thru.
I'm not quite sure how i received this book, but I'm gladly did it's an interesting and some what emotional story. A woman vamp were wolf.
This is so great book and I so love on how it was written. Too simple however it gives us a great understanding. This book causes me to profoundly make a few information investigation effectively. This is absolutely the best one.
Gage and Raven continue to captivate with their story. Gage keeps revealing his goodness slowly along with his sexiness. I am so into this romance that I can't want to read the next book! I want a Gage of my own!!
It's a great guide for Chicken Instant Pot Recipes . I got some delicious recipe from this book which is very helpful for my family. Especially the new recipes of this book are very like my child. This book all the chapter are too good. I heartily recommend it to any new Instant Pot owners.
Ariel Bloomer has been one of my favorite artists since I found her band. She isn't afraid to share her life and her struggle. This book has helped me understand her more on a personal level and I love her even more. Even if someone isn't a big fan of Ariel, I highly suggest reading this book.
This book helped me and my wife to improve our sexual relations. A variety of positions have brought new sensations to our sex. We also discovered new positions from the Kama Sutra and Tantric sex, about which we have only heard. This book will not leave indifferent any pair.
Sous vide is an excellent method of cooking food which helps to keep the texture and flavor of the food. The book provides lot of helpful information about sous vide cooking. The recipes are clear and easy to follow. I was pleased with this book. Worth to buy it.
I loved Bright Side, but getting Gus's story was better yet. I fell more in love with all of the characters from the other book and so loved getting to know more of them. I think Gus was perfect for Scout and she in turn was perfect for him. Their relationship wasn't easy and it wasn't automatic, but the slow growth of it made it that much more real. I really loved the sticky note conversations. I really loved how they both wanted to take care of people. I think that this story was better than Bright Side just because this one used what we learned in Bright Side and made it even more EPIC! Struggling with lost was real for all of the characters. Accepting that loss was accomplished through loving each other and remembering Kate with all of their hearts. Wonderful, wonderful story!!
Great read, truly agreeable. It is anything but difficult to peruse and informative...I especially enjoy Lisa's work. Her books dependably show me, and leave me feelings great when I read them ... Positive and Uplifting.
Loved every minute of this book. You know people need to think before they open their doors. This was a good book and a page turner.
I just finished my first book by Tim Tigner and I was not disappointed. I enjoyed the way he handled the setting and the authentic sounding dialogue among the three or four main characters. I am looking forward to reading the series that I just discovered he wrote. Edmond Lee
This is a great book for anyone getting away or trying to get away from a psychologically abusive relationship. You may not even realize what's going on until you read this book.
I have loved every Colleen Hoover book and this was no exception. This one hut very close to home so it was even more intriguing and eye catching than others. HIGHLY recommend this book. A true love story.
Great beginning to an exciting trilogy. Well written ,articulate and hauntingly emotional. Very relevant to the times. At one point I wished I could have grabbed Macy and shook her. Unfortunately she is learning a very hard way that sometimes rules can be the difference between life and death.
This book is really amazing and useful book. I am impressed with the wealth of knowledge that the author imparts and found the writing very entertaining as well.
Like the first book a bit on the unbelievable side but enough mystery to be enjoyable. Look forward to book three.
An easy read and fun. I thoroughly enjoyed the fantasy a n d h o w this author thinks.
This was my first IS series and I have to say I'm hooked. I am older than most readers on here, so at first it was a little too YA for me. But all the characters started growing on me and the story kept getting better and more exciting. I look forward to the rest of the series and other series by her as well!!!!
This series is just like crack cocaine. Or caramel corn. I started reading it 3 days ago, and I'm on book 3. Great writing, and a lot of fun without excessive drooling over the "love" interest. Beautiful work.
I do want to read more about Diva and her family, (strange people, good times, love the ?boyfriend??) but the weird thing about me is that I am more curious about the ugly chairs and if they ever got fixed, than I am about the next plot. I will have to buy the next book, when my funds come in. So do enjoy "candlestick in the lounge by Miss Scarlet..." I did.
Good storyline with entertaining and enjoyable characters and unbelievable chemistry
This lens was the best $25 that I've spent. It is machined well and is solid. After watching the tutorials, this lens is now worth $500 to me. Kai Pei gives enough tips in these videos to really help an amateur like me.
At the point when your passionate insight is on abnormal state, you all the more satisfactorily see reality, respond to it more proficiently and associate with others. Passionate insight has turned out to be one of the new instruments for business the executives, building powerful correspondences and discovering satisfaction.
Interesting historical novel about turbulent times in China. Held my attention and very informative. Wish the story could have continued.
What a ride I enjoyed this book// its been a while since I've read something this good// can't wait for the movie
I absolutely loved the book. The characters were great. The twist in the book was a shock, but also made the book. This is a book I would read again.
Bishop Spong helps us understand the religion of Jesus thereby giving us the keys to understand the gospels. Every thinking person can benefit but be prepared for a paradigm shift.
This is a really well thought out book. From dividing groceries by section a weekly plan to how and when to start cooking multiple things at once.
It was an amazing read, it was hard t put down and could not wait for the sequel.
Keeps your interest and a very good plot. Looking forward to reading her other books. So will get started on the next book.
Cecil Wong is on to something very significant and unique when it comes to having a healthy family. All the members of the family need to be growing for the family to be healthy. And this growth starts with parents. Wishing and hoping that children will grow leads to a lot of frustration and even anger. Parents need to demonstrate the importance of personal growth by being involved in their own ongoing growth. This type of growth flows from parent to child as the child sees changes in the parent, and how the parent is relating to the child in new and healthier ways. With the parent modeling growth for the child, there are new possibilities for the child to desire to enter into growth opportunities. Growth Centered Family is designed for parents who want a healthy family, but have not found a way to achieve it. Cecil Wong's book offers that way.
Loved it. Couldn't put it down. Through stories about the main character, you learn of his complex life and the decisions he makes.
Love the book, the setting, and the hero. The heroine, she grew on me. I wanted to strangle Lucy a few times early in the book, but her growth as the story progresses, help me get over the urge. I loved her and Andrew by the end. The story had a true HEA, which made this an enjoyable read. I highly recommend if you are a fan of Regency romances. I received an ARC of this book for an honest review.
I enjoyed the narration, the plot and the well developed characters whom King portrayed so well, I felt I knew them.
Another fun and silly read. Love this series.
Very spot on ;) Good sense of humour and an easy read. I strongly recommend it for anyone with spiritual interests.
This book is a tornado of fun. Mystery, action, more mystery, and more action. As fantastical as it all is nevertheless all the characters are believable and all of the situations work logically. Chose the time when you want to start this book with care. You might be late for work.
She brings Titanic back to life and makes you think and want to research it more to honor those who didn't make it (at least she did with me)
A ton of significant guidance of Empath. It is, in fact, a useful book. it was useful however extremely significant Passionate Recuperating for Touchy People.best book I read up until this point.
One of the most powerful books I have ever read.
Thank you for sharing this painful but inspiring story of love, perseverance and incredible mind blowing strength. We must remember lest we forget.
Having read this book twice now, it always entertains, confuses, and pushes my thoughts and questions. It's not just a great story, but it speaks to the mysteries of life that I think many people feel.
This book is astounding, it contains of extremely useful information for preparation to the ATI exam. You can find here a myriad of important tips about this field. I am sure, that everyone, who interested in having high result on ATI test is able to find in this book all necessary things. All information in this guide is clear and coherent. Recommended.
I found this book full of tips and advice I will use. This book was very easy to read and understand.
Brought back memories of 51 years ago, and made me laugh. Any veteran would love this book. A very good read.
Loved Weston and Lizzie's story. Laurelin Paige writes amazing stories. U will not be disappointed. Love the twists, turns and very steamy
All Brady hawk books are well written and look forward to more reads
Yes, it's another Holocaust story, but with a different twist - how it affected three ladies. A definite female perspective. Plus, most Holocaust information doesn't focus on Poland, and this one does.
Write a review, what? Why would I do that. Pick this one up Larry.
I didn't really know what to expect from this book. I didn't finish 'Pennies', the first book in the series, because I found it a bit too dark. But 'Dollars', though dark, was a different beast entirely. This novel is certainly bleak, but whereas the first in the series focused on physical violence, this one focuses on the aftermath of violence. Characters are nuanced and beautifully flawed and 'Dollars' is an amazing character-driven story about people determined to keep living, despite their terrible past.
What a great story love the new characters and can't wait to read their stories. Thank you for being a part of Susan world
Order, what can I say? Havoc was freaking amazing but the dynamic duo was just getting started. Order is everything I expected and so much more! Alec and Key have grown closer. Alec knows this man is it for him and he will do everything in his power to keep him. Key doesn't see how it can ever work with them coming from different worlds. Alec starts getting his ducks in a row. He has a vision of how its supposed to be between them and he will make it happen at all costs. Key has never felt love and he falls hard for the man who wants to be his everything. Can Key keep Alec safe if the Club finds out about him? This is an amazing story of how to people from totally different worlds can form an unbreakable bond. I Loved Loved Loved this book. FIVE GIANT STARS!!!!
Wow! Who knew?! Excellent book, clearly written and engaging. What a fascinating piece of women's history. I constantly recommend this to all my book-loving friends.
Great new take on the what's and who's of hell. This unexpected harem has me itching to read more and see how dear old dad moves things forward.
Very well written. This should appeal to those who like good writing, not just racing enthusiasts! Recommended!
This cookbook made me quite many bad habits and dishes I wasn't even aware of and I don't miss them at all anymore. Use common sense when shopping for your dishes and everything will be alright then, because the cost of keeping the diet up may cause your wish of quitting it. Health-oriented people will surely be interested in this option.
It started slow and almost stopped ready...then it was a whirlwind. I will purchae any other books with Theo Cray
This was a happy book with insight.
First Twitter novel I ever read. Loved reading the tweets as they came. Loved reading them in this compilation. Hilariously spot-on characters. Can't wait for episode 2.
I've never been able to cook in my life, but these recipes are clear and simple for me and I finally started to eat well. It was the most rational purchase. I love it.
An awesome start to this series,can't wait to read the rest.Jane had me flying for her from the first chapter never seen the end coming like that..so good
The book guides you through the process and the mindset you have to acquire for building your company and infect billions with your app.
Terrific read. Very scary.
Well plotted. Good character descriptions. I felt like I was travel I Nguyen on t h creation train. Realistic issues. Well written.
It is a short story of how the good intentions of the many can be manipulated by the greedy few. A heartbreaking story that should be read and discussed in every classroom. There is a reason it's one of the most banned and controversial books in the world.
Really enjoyed this book and the way he brought everything together. The real life letters together with the story of the prodigal son. I would recommend it to all of my friends and family.
I'm confused as all hell but anything Mason and Sam related I'm down. I love them so much but I'm not really thrilled i paid what i did for this
Love this book! Love the entire series!
I make some wonderful dishes using this book. They are looking great
I like the fact that she was so highly dedicated to her mother as well as the fact that even when she felt that she knew the correct procedure for her mother she would ponder the situation in great depth
It was a pretty easy read. Not really predictable.
Loved the characters and the unusual plot. Apparently there is a second book which I hope to read soon and will look forward to.
I read this book over and over... one chapter each day. This has been a wonderful resource. I highly recommend it!
What happens when an English girl is told that she's marrying her childhood friend, she does it. But then her home is raided by a group of Scottish highlanders and take her to be a bride to the future Laird. But the future Laird knows nothing about it as he hates all English after they killed his wife. As the two have to get along which they have a hard time doing the wedding is going to take place but what will happen then? I voluntarily reviewed an Advanced Reader Copy of this book.
Excellent range. I was able to connect at 5.0 through a wall.
I normally don't read these types of books, but I absolutely love Dee Garcia, so I have it a whirl!!!!! This book was definitely out of my comfort zone, but WELL EFFING WORTH IT!!!! READ THIS BOOK NOW!!!!!! Dee Garcia will never disappoint!!!! She a phenomenally talented author!!!!! Enjoy!!!!!
Loved this series can't wait to start the new series!!! So glad Lola decided to keep the adventures going. She's a great author and I always enjoy reading her books
Different take on Vampires and this book was written well.
Love this book love love little Dawson and the heartbreaking story of Reagan but the the attitudes of both her and drew that turns into romance and him being her hero and getting her justice then you have remy and Aimee can't wait for their story for the shocking suprise see how it turns out plus you have the rest of the powers family and Reagan's mom
I found E. Hunter through her vampire books and I've devoured all of them. I didn't think the woman could get better, but then i read this. If you enjoy imagery, breaking the 4th wall (just a little), and a steamy romance birthed from love then read this book!
I ordered this book and got it in less then a week. And I'm enjoying reading it. I want to become a teachers aid for special needs children. I have a grandson who is autistic and I want to be able to help him learn the things that he needs to learn in life.
It was a very good story line and well written the way Danielle books are when she is the one that writes her own books. Never understand why things are told over and over again. Reminded me of watching a movie that zooms in on faces that are doing nothing.
THIS BOOK WAS AN EASY READ. IT DID NOT CONTAIN DIFFICULT TERMINOLOGY OR CONCEPTS THAT WERE TOO IMPROBABLE. IT DID HAVE LOTS OF ACTION. IT DESCRIBED LIVING INA SPACE SHIP IN A BELIEVABLE WAY. I CAN'T WAIT TO THE READ NEXT BOOK.
I have enjoyed every book of this series. After reading each book, I want to jump into the next one. Ripple was compelling, interesting and a fun read.
I just plain love this little gem of a book, I've read it several times and the action steps outlined have yielded far better results than the majority of hefty marketing tomes I'd read previously. It's short and sweet and hits all the critical steps required for any business to jumpstart their marketing efforts. Highly recommended for any business struggling with their marketing efforts or lack thereof.
Under Two Moons is the second in the series and continues to keep its readers engaged and wanting more. Can't wait to read the third sequel.
So cute & fun!! It makes you want to pack your bags & head to the French countryside!!!
Is the book really worth five stars, as I thought the book is properly arranged? When I read the book, I decided in my mind and realized that the book is really amazing, the author has created it beautifully.The truth is, I am very happy that I have purchased this book, really the book has been arranged well.
I truly enjoyed tis series, good characters and a fast paced story. I can't wait for the next book to come out
Amazing extension to the story I love that there will be more in the future. Hope it comes soon. ❤️
On my share with others list. Pray is a powerful method to promote change. Reading this made my faith stronger.
Martha Carr serves up the action, characters, humor and a tear here and there in this awesome series...
When I got this book I was intrigued by how this man on a horse would fair with weather change, other wild animals and people. I was surprised that people gave them the most grief. I read Walk Across America book 1 and this was book was no disappointment.
It's a slow starter but it it's still a great story. I really enjoyed the way the Author set up the world this is created in.
I enjoyed this book. She told the truth and sometimes it was uncomfortable, but raw and powerful all the same.
He does everything wrong for an investigator but ends up getting the bad girl and the good girl. I wish there was a picture of his pimped out ride at the end.
Feelings, tears, smiles, love, loneliness, heartache, yearning and more from each page. I could see and feel it happening with every line
Deep story. Not boring. Not a one line, I know how it is going to turn out story, but suspicious it might be that way. Be sure to get the extended epilogue.
As an avid Kindle fan I rarely purchase a hard cover book. I ordered two hard copies and will order two more as soon as the book is back in stock. I am not a sophisticated economist but did subscribe to the Feds Monthly Business Review which I tried to read like tea leaves. The author does a wonderful job of making the complex dismal science readable, entertaining and leaves one with a sense of an optimistic future. I check for a new entry in Dr. Ed's Blog daily. Market up, market down a new blog entry always starts my day with a smile.
The content of this book is very important. The title of this book is declutter. You should read this book from the first page to the last page. By reading this book your mind will be very strong and your confidence level will be very high. Don't forget to buy.
I liked the whole book what I least like about it is I have to pay to read the second book when book 1 is free
My sister made me read these and I hate her for it. I lost three days of my life reading these. I didn't eat, I didn't go to work. read at your own risk.
A Magnificent Manual to improves your passion. This book makes moderation reasonable. This book, educated by my own background, will uncover what you need from life, yet how to go out there and snatch it. I truly like the methodology! Exceedingly suggest it for all.
Great read! The world that Andre creates draws you in with characters that are strong and complex, a storyline with great twists and keeps you guessing until the last page. Bought and read this in one day because I couldn't put it down.
It was such a pleasure to read this book. I actually want to just THANK the author for this experience. What a great and addictive slow-burn romance! And the laugh out loud moments (oh lord, the press conference.) By the end I was in love with Kulti myself. I was actually sad that the book was over!
Very good read. I'm a avid reader and when I find a book that keeps me interested, I finish it fast. I read this book in less than 3 hours. I am now starting on book 2. I recommend this series to those that enjoy a good story line. I couldn't put this book down. Wish there were more stars.
Anxiety, depression are common problems now a days.But this book is very very helpful .This gave me amazing guideline ,how can i overcome on my anxiety. Just want to say thanks to author for such a great book.
I thought I was losing my mind trying to figure out what was going on but I'm very glad I stuck with it. I think that says it all about the story and the author. It's not that I didn't know what was going on its that I wasn't sure If I knew but I had to keep reading to make sure I did know. That plus the depth of thought on the nature of war, duty, and obligation. Excellent!
I am always looking into new cooking techniques and devices and found this book to be of great value. It contains lots of delicious easy to make recipes that will keep me busy trying and tasting for a long time.Really great!
Was expecting more recipes for the vegetarian slow cooker. Still I am satisfied with the recipes I've been cooking through because I've been able to change those I liked the most and cooked those fit to my vegetarian lifestyle.
What a delightful read! Not sure how technically accurate it is but it really doesn't matter. I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and being taken to the high sea in the days of sailing ships! That coupled with the authors ability to share the complete store of the sailors family left behind and the reunion. Can't wait for the next book about Captain Putnam!!
Negative People, Negative Thoughts: Dealing With Negative People, Negative Thinking, Criticism and Envy. Overcome Negative Feelings and Negativity. Bonus: Psychological Tricks to Read People
Very insightful, often funny, easy to read, smart...I loved it (and all his books!)
Very good read. Keep me entertained an wanting to come back for more. Vrry intriguing. Loved the storyline an Talon.
Brilliant female main character. Meet-cute with hot but abrasive future boss (don't worry, he has a couple valid reasons for the attitude). Guardian-angel type in the form of Grandma Iris. TOO SWEET!
Healthy and perfect weight watchers with ninja cookbook recipes. I tried several recipes and they are amazing to taste also the nutrients of the recipes. Surprising thing is, here have a huge collection of recipes and those are good. I got some benefit and able to loose my weight by following those recipes.
A hot, quick read. Thank goodness this book was short. Any longer and I might have had to go outside a roll in the snow! Jayne has quite the imagination when it come to 5 men and one woman!
love his writing and will buy all he writes
This book is organized in an interesting way; each chapter deals with a separate facet of life in ancient Rome (slaves, engineering, domestic life, architecture, etc. which keeps the reader engaged. It is fun to read.
Wow! Lovely cookbook! I purchased this cookbook for my Grandma who loves cooking and I know that this would help her to know more about different and new recipes. Great. Cool book! Great to read! It is great!
Once you start reading you can't put it down. Great book, just starting to read book 2. What will happen to Kate, David and Dorian? You have a new fan!
Author has the knowledge of how to face any of life's challenges. My story is different but if I could write a book it would be this.
Characters to either fall in love with and some to despise, make for a novel that is a page turner! Jenna Vale' novel kept me reading without eating or doing my chores! Great way to escape from the real world! Due to some explicit sexual content mature readers only.
I was not disappointed with this first book about Shadow Landing!! Gavin and Ellery are such a sweet couple. I can't wait to learn more about the citizens of this small town. If you loved Keeneston, you will love Shadow Landing also. There were many references back to Keeneston and I am excited for the next book.
I have read all of them you feel your part of it all. You want to keep seeing what will happen in the family next.
A cute book. I would recommend it.
Great characters and great story line! Exciting and keeps your attention routing for love and ever afters for the chatacters!
This is a must read i love all your work and i can't wait to see what you have next coming from you man you always give the best standalone i wish they were series sometimes
Very good info, not only on the killers themselves, but on crime statistics in general. For example, I found the elaboration on the actual numbers of children kidnapped by strangers very enlightening. The authors have done their homework.
I was so disappointed in Sea World when I read this book but it was a well written and very interesting read. Thank you.
Loved the book - so many interesting facts - so sad to learn how poorly the original Americans were treated - is this taught in our schools, so our children can learn from it?
absolutely loved it from start to finish, please keep going with these characters
The interconnecting worlds and stories that the series is a part of leave you ever wanting more on a roller coaster of emotions. Dynamic characters and world make this a moive in your head you will never forget.
All the books in this series were excellent. I loved each and everyone of them. Each book has a message and each is a stand alone. But the last really touched my heart. Thank you for writing such beautiful stories.
the story was captivating--such imagination by the author. I can hardly wait for the next one!
I absolutely loved everything about this book. I'm about to read it a second time because I read it so fast the first time I'm sure I missed some stuff. It just hooks you in and you can't put it down.
This story was well written and clean. Two people two different happenings in their lives are brought together. One is a fire and the other is a shooting. I hope you'll enjoy reading this book as much as I did.
An amazing book and a must read! These two families came together and made one big wonderful family. I loved every moment that it made me fall in love with the families all over again. Best novella ever don't wait and one click.
This story was fantastic i could not put it down The story is so similar to real characters Must read
I read this series once and will again and again.
So much fun, intrigue, confusion and love. A miss matched couple confused by their feelings and lying to each other and themselves about being mates. This is a great love story.
With just one click book dropped into my folder. The book was required for a Capstone class. A great read and happy with the transaction. Thanks
I really loved this book. It was intense, and I had a hard time putting it down. The book kept me wondering who the sicko killer was, right up to the end.I liked the main characters and would definitely recommend it.
I love to collect books that are all about Vegan diet. This book has offered incredible recipes for me to prepare for my family. This book writer is very well and text is very good. I highly recommended this book.
I enjoyed this series. Will get next set of books.
Good book. Nice to read a factual book on this topic. I've read plenty of the fiction. It's a topic we need to takes more seriously.
This book is a good book, short read book and it was very interesting as well, It is actually great for me to read a book that inspires feminism. I found it is really helpful book. I enjoy reading this book.
I really loved the story and the characters. Found myself rooting for each one's happily ever after. The setting on the lake sounded like perfection.
Like a lot,easy to read,keeps you going, you don't want to put it down until you are done reading the next chapter. Looking forward to the next book. Enjoy and keep reading.
For sure this is a nail biter! I had trouble putting this book down to do my chores. Great reading!!!
I love R.S. Grey and this was worth the wait. I just wish there had been more pages to read!
Liked the suspense without any real bad guys trying to mess things up. Nice to read of “ nice “ aliens trying to help
I've read every book that Christy Reece has written and I highly recommend every one of them. They have it all. Suspense, romance and every thing in between!
From this book I've learned that Tantric sex has a lovely tradition, with spiritual significance and deep teachings that allows us to connect in a deeper way with our lovers.
This short story held my attention from the beginning all the way to the unexpected ending. This was a great read.
How could one author come up with so much! So many things I've thought put to words beautifully. When I ask have you read Dune so many say yes. When I ask how many in the series too many say, “it's a series?” Read it all people!
Overall this book is very well. I like this Hacking with Kali Linux book. easy to read and very informative book also. must be read this book. I suggested to all. I hope you must find this book useful. Recommended!!
Enjoyed reading about Shane and Megan. Their parents are trying to play matchmaker and they both are resisting, even their brothers and sisters get involved keeping everything interesting.
Love the Summer sisters!! The grandparents are hilarious and the relationship between these sisters is amazing! It's a fantastic book!! Jamie and Ryan are fantastic together.
I enjoyed this authors writing, his characters are interesting and the book moves along nicely. Look forward the the next story.
This is a good read. If you like fairy tales with a twist then read this book. Good job to all the authors.
I really like these books even if they are supposedly for kids. They are just as good as Grisham's other novels, he just explains things more. The stories deal with issues that are in our headlines and that kids deal with.
Just went it was getting very interesting I have to wait for another book. This is why I try not to read books with a one ending. Excellent
This is a set of three books in one bundle, the books set is much worthy than its price because it has complete solution to get learning about cryptocurrency mining system how could you get financial benefit for it thanks.
Only my 3rd John D. MacDonald book, and I'm hooked. Travis McGee pulls it off again. Solves the mystery in spite of too many possible culprits combined with devastating cruelty and death of those he cares for.
This is another awesome book!!! I have been following this series from the beginning and they are AWESOME!!! There is never a dull moment and the stories intertwine gracefully. You will not regret this series! I can't wait for the next book!!! 💜💜💜
Although there were lots of characters and it was a very complex story, the author did a brilliant job of bringing everything together. The location was a new one for me and I enjoyed the description of the winter weather (as we melt here in July). Very good book.
This was a great mystery and I enjoyed it a lot and would recommend it highly.
Great read. Loved chemistry between the two and the honesty Wylde showed. It leaves you hanging and you have no choice but to get the next book
The characters in this story certainly travelled a long way from the bottom of the social order to one of the higher levels. I enjoyed reading about the struggles our heroine made in order to fit in. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
Good story with excitement suspense and surprises.
Its a one pot crock recipes cooking. Learning approach. Author providing proven tips and steps. Learning content provided. Recommended. Enjoying recipes provided.
What a lovely boy-next-door story! It's an easy and very enjoyable read. The characters in this book are relatable and easy to like. The tenderness of the characters, their interactions, their struggles, and their faith in each other leave me smiling from my heart. It does end on a cliff hanger, though, so be prepared to invest your time in the second part of the story (which releases very soon, thankfully). The story is not necessarily new, but it is written well and it flows well. Mindy Michele usually write in two different perspectives, but they stuck with one perspective for this book and the flow is seamless between authors. This duo writes amazingly well together! I look forward to many more works from this writing team!
I believe I got this as a Kindle First read over a year ago. I wasn't ready to read it then, but am struck by it now. As someone who also has a complicated identity, this was exactly perfect and what I needed.
Loved this series from beginning to this semi ending!!! Looking forward to next year's continuance and more of the Steel family.
Great book and a very fast read. I have already purchased the second book in the series. Various intrigue, treason, murder and more
Fantastic book, I am learning a lot using this! I knew nothing, didn't know how to read music or anything about guitar, now I am learning it all at a great pace.
I could read it a thousand times. Such a beautifully written story of endurance and love. My favorite classic novel.
This book is a real life saver. After start eating this recipes my health condition is so much better than ago. Perfect Anti-inflammatory diet cookbook.
REALLY GOOD BOOK! KEPT YOU YOUR TOES!
Superb writing! Very entertaining and witty book about a giant character. Had me laughing out loud several times. Can't remember when I enjoyed a book more.
Once again, an entirely new and imaginative premise, fast moving plot and unexpected ending.
I love this toothpaste! I have been using it for two weeks already. It's not abrasive, great minty taste and does a good job cleaning my teeth. I have dry mouth and it's a great alternative to pricey dry mouth toothpastes out there. Will continue to use it!
Cora Brent blew my mind with Ryan and Leah's story. So much was hard to read, and there were definitely tears involved, but to have the end you have to have the journey. If you like enemies-to-lovers, the true hatred kind of heartbreaking angst, this book will definitely hit the mark!
The author tells a real and raw story of the struggles of dealing with a child who is bipolar and won't consistently take her medication. Dealing with the bureaucracy, the financial hardship and the limited options for those who have to care for a mentally ill family member is daunting and can lead to desperate measures being taken, as she described. While she can at times come across as trying too hard to be cleaver in her writing, her story rings true about dealing with the balance of caring for a mentally ill loved one, while trying to care for yourself and live your life. Great story.
Another amazing book. I laughed, I cried, I yelled! Amelia is truly the best at what she does. Well done!
It keep me wanting more with each page.
Well nice! I love the easy and fun receipes in this book. The bourbon and apricot meatloaf and the black current and lemon chicken are my favs so far. I love the layout of the cookbook. I received this book for free for my honest opinion. This was a complete guide book written over instant pot recipes book. In this book you will get all information about instant pot recipes. The content of this book was amazing and helpful. I will recommended this book. Awesome book to be - 40 pounds!
This book goes for the fresher salesperson who has picked sale as work. Inside this book loaded with successful methodologies to get prevail in your expert life additionally express the method for polished skill. This far-reaching manual helps me to locate the better approach for my work. I ought to welcome this author and in addition, suggest this book.
Great books with good story lines. I love a good romance novel these were perfect! Not too long either, that is nice.
A great cookbook!!! My parents loved the recipes so much! I have only tried 5 of them so far and all were great can't wait to try the rest :)
This Book provided me the ability to see just how many flaws there were in my approach to day trading... I am a newer trader having started my journey only six months ago... This book showed me there were things that I have done right ... That being said, this was the first opportunity to be exposed to what I was lacking... Specifically, the planning and writing out a detailed approach before you enter a ticker... The book also cleared my head and reassured me that it was OK to focus on only one or two setups... This reassurance is exactly what I was missing and Calvin K. North opened my eyes to it...
This story was very entertaining. How does a spinster find someone to teach her about lust and how to avoid scandal at the same time. Is it possible to do both? Find out when you read this book.
These books are very good. Great story and action. Love the whole series. Would read again. Looking for more by this author
This is fantastic! It's really complete. I love baking and mastering some delicacies I am fascinated with and yet this air fryer cook book made my work faster and easier. Even a little extra time to save is a plus. Will definitely use this book daily. This book is recommended.
For a debut novel it's an excellent story and it's written great. It's difficult to write from different points of view but the author does it exceptionally well. The characters are intriguing, the twists are interesting and the story line is unique. Way to go.
This book is lots of fun. It's a quick read as you'll never want to put it down. You always wonder what will happen next. I thoroughly enjoyed it it was very engaging.
Another amazing adventure into the past. Brilliant blend of history, fantasy, and romance. The characters we fell in love with in the All Souls Trilogy are fleshed out even further as we glimpse the emotional aspect of becoming a vampire.
Woohoo! Ranger One in action. Love the direction this new series is taking. Mix in a few new characters, a somewhat flawed AI and justice is served. Pepsi anyone?
Dylan is a thoughtful and compassionate young man and it is reflected in his poems. His poems will grab your heart. This talented young man has a bright future. Thank you for taking us on your journey!
This was such an enjoyable read! I could hear him just talking to me. How refreshing to learn that he made an early choice to make his professional life family friendly. That was a wonderful trip down memory lane!
A truly great novel!
Another great installment in the series! Can't wait until the next book is published!
Having a relationship with a narcissists is not something any one should be happy about because its quite a tough situation for anyone involved on such a relationship. This book educates you on how to relate with people of this nature as they can be controlling, aggressive and somethings quick to anger. This book provides helpful advise
A MUST READ!! I couldn't put this one down until the last page. I loved the story. And justice was done. Just a strong love story. Brighton and Patrick traveled through much to be together. Follow this author. She's amazing.
I absolutely love the In Death series! I have read the majority of JD Robb's books and I have never been disappointed with any of them!
Hunter is my kind of writer!
Fantastic, I really loved this book and I loved Eleanor. I Couldn't out it down. The ensuing was also perfect
If you've never read an apocalyptic series I guarantee you'll love the Trackers. Take a chance and get all 4 books. You'll be happy you did. You won't have to pause until you get the next book. You'll be thinking, Wow, the review was true. I loved it. I read all 4 books through to the end and I can tell you I wish there were more. Kudos to the writer.
Mallory Monroe does it again! Lord my heart was racing the whole time. Reno and Trina go through the ultimate test and win despite of the odds. Lord conquers all in the end.
My granddaughter asked for this book for Christmas. I decided to buy a copy for myself to read asking with her. She lives in Texas. I love in Missouri. I thought it would be a nice way to connect. I enjoyed the book so much that i had a difficult time putting it down. It wad a great,great story.
Love my Instant Pot. Easy to use. Actually fixing a Beef Stew in it as I write this review. It is easy to clean, stores well, and has many uses as advertised from Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, Rice Cooker, Yogurt maker ?, and lots of controls to adjust to cooking what you want. I would recommend (wait, I already have) this pot to all my friends and family.
This book is so entertaining to read. It gives me 1000 best things to ask in Alexa. This book is very detailed. Highly recommended!
Meet Me at the Museum is an epistolary novel that features two strangers who strike up a friendship through letters and a shared interest in an ancient man housed in a museum in Denmark. The letters express thoughts and feelings of each of the characters as they reflect on their lives and choices in their lives up to that point. Slowly, they become emotionally dependent on each other as they come to care about each others' lives through their letters. This is a beautiful, thoughtful book that explores friendship, life choices, and the need for connection in our lives. I would enjoy reading this again!
Good scan!! Fascinating horror stories that i have not read before. Heaps of it's simply stories you've detected or seen in documentaries before. I hope following one can have additional stories in it.
This is a good book for beginners.This book have a simple method of maintaining blood sugar level.Also avoiding medication for diabetes, blood pressure.This is an amazing book.Love it.
Good book to read for business students
Good information and very insightful will definitely look at other books by her highly recommended for beginners interested in Witches Spells.If you're new to Witches Spells this is a MUST HAVE. It is so simple to follow and understand.Thanks Mary Patterson for writing a good book.
I can hardly wait for my family to appreciate every one of the formulas this cookbook brings to the table! t is believed that by following Paleolithic diet, or popularly known as Paleo diet, we align our food habits with the digestive abilities of our ancestors. This Paleo diet will clean up and heal your body from the inside out with health being the main focus. Thanks author for creating us a new book for all of us.
Another wonderful story about one of the dragon guard! Alicia and Drago's story starts a bit different but that just makes me love it more. Every book just keeps getting better can't wait to read the next one!!
A quick action plan to get you started with eliminating your debt. A great Insight of how to humble yourself and make an action plan.
The wit and charm continues. Taylor is a wizard with words and imagination.
Just a plain good read! A wonderful journey for the deputy with subplot journeys to follow for other characters. All set on an absolutely gorgeous part of the U.S. which the writer so accurately describes with much affection. Any of the stories about any of the characters could have been individual books but this writer combines them and knits them together into one darn good mystery.
A more than impressive manual. Bought it to learn the fundamentals of Powershell for my job needs and it definitely helped me master the basics through lots of examples and clear explanations. If you're looking to master PS this guide is worth buying
I was very excited to get started with crockpot recipes. However, the instructions and the recipes of this book are cool and they are properly described that's why they are easy to follow. I ordered this book in a Kindle version, and started and finished going through the whole thing. I highlight the recipes those are most likely to please my family members and guests. Recipes tastes are great and delicious. I found the ingredients in my home easily and they are available. I still following those recipes and they are healthy too.
Loved this book!!! It has such a mixture that it keeps you guessing what's going to happen next. Always love how K's mind works & the sexy darkness she has in her books. Only she can make a stalker be hot & sexy lol. If you enjoy darker themed books than you wont be disappointed with this book. Highly recommended reading this & the rest of her books she has out, I guarantee you will be hooked
Loved this book. Great reading
She has done it again! This is another amazing book that has it all! The story captures your attention and has you glued from the very beginning. It will make you laugh out loud, make you want to cry, and it will make you hot and bothered with some steamy scenes that will make you wet your panties. If that type of story isn't your cup of tea then keep on browsing, but if it is you will enjoy!
I enjoyed this story, Wyatt is a sweetheart and Candice needs a man like him. Especially after what happened with her last boyfriend.
I loved this book so much. I kept it alive on my Kindle so it will be handy for a reread.
WOW! As I write this review will not tell you the story, because I want you to read the story. This book is so different from Ashton Blackthorne usual books. It is a thriller on the edge of your chair read. There is some sex, but like his other books. Enjoy the book, but is this the end.
Mind Blowing. Enjoy this book. it was awesome information and many useful tips . Share great story, it was inspired me.
I thought i had a book boyfriend before Carter Townsend but i was dead wrong. I enjoyed every single minute of this book and couldn't put it down for the life of me. Carter took my heart by storm.
This book was really Amazing. The recipes were so delicious and healthy. Also easy to make. If you want to cook keto bread, then this book helped you a lot.
Another great read from one of my fav authoress. Great characters and p!it will h ave you turning pages. Looking forward to more.
A journey into a possible future followed to its incredible unanticipated conclusion. Full of sci-fi extended to the edges of fantasy accompanied by characters readers instantly love or deeply despise. Wow Mr. Stephenson!
Walking under an Open Heaven will inspire you to a closer walk with Jesus and encounter all that he has for us. Our inheritance as believers is to walk under an Open Heaven. Matthew Payne shows you step by step with real life examples of how to do this. I would recommend this book to anyone who is serious about their walk with God and wants greater intimacy with Jesus. I am excited now after reading this book in what I will encounter in my life to bring me closer to my creator.
I really enjoyed this book. Great way of looking into prayer.
Even though I have read a lot of books and seen a lot of films based around the horrors of Auschwitz, this book was an incredible account of a true story. I simply could not put this down and my heart wept for those who endured the terror of this time in history.
This compilation of best practices on HOW to lead projects is a must have. It provides THE baseline to determine the risks you might encounter if your Project Owner doesn't want to use these best practices or directs that some things be done another way. Following this guide has made my life easier as a Project Manager.
At first it was a little confusing but once I kept on reading I couldn't stop it's amazing and I can't wait for all the book to come out but right now mostly book 2 June is to far away to wait 😞😞😞 I love this book 📖 n I love the love triangle
Actually by kissed one time in high school. Their two lives were so different and thousands of miles apart. Interesting characters and story. Love blossoms and then a HEA.
The straight line answer to the problem doesn't fit and it keeps guessing. Maybe just a few too many twist and turns, but fun.
Easy step by step way of teaching spanish. Can't wait for February!
This book is almost impossible to lay down. The book discusses in great details the different theories of where the Mystery Babylon lies. It surprises the reader and is a real eye opener. This should be a "must read book" for every true believer now as we're living in the last days. Fear not, but go preach the gospel. Jesus is coming soon.
Amazing Electric Smoker Cookbook! This is a very useful book on how to make extraordinary and delicious food. It provide lots of recipes and step by step instruction that are easy to follow and understand. I really enjoyed reading this book and I will recommend this book to anyone interested!
This is very helpful and informative book .If u can change u bad habits to lead better life this book is for you.
Up until ¾ of the way in it was a bit slow , a bit stupid a d a bit boring. A thief in a magical world, in a city that hates magic but uses it for everything? and spends his time gladly shoveling shit out of a giant infected septic pit ? What was the author high on? Luckily the last ¼ of the book is good enough to make you want to read more.
This book kept me totally enthralled, I didn't want to put it down. Just when I figured things would settle down Mattie would let her mouth run over. The sparks shooting off those two had my hands sizzling. Great story line.
I truly appreciate your gift of writing. I felt like Kayla was a part of my family as seeing how I watched her grow through out your stories. Man oh man, Parker just about broke my heart at his life story. Another emotionally beautiful love story.
Abrupt ending. Never liked them. However, was an interesting angle of an orphan who learns she is something more than awkward.
Anyone who loves time travel, love meant to be, this is the book for them. I still wait for that love...
Enjoyable book. Good story line. Interesting characters. Good mystery. I like Cookie. She does not give in just because of age. I like characters that enjoy life and know when to be strong and when to be caring.
children enjoyed this
I picked this up primarily because it seemed like a sci-fi/action-ish book--I'm so happy I did because it turned out to be WAY BETTER than I hoped! I loved the action, the mystery, and the steamy sex! Wow! It was so good, I powered through in one sitting, and promptly purchased the second book, which I read and finished later the same day! Totally will read more books by this author!
The thrilling conclusion to the Crimson Cove series will keep you guessing from beginning to end. Throw out everything you think you know because Tara Brown is going to BLOW. YOUR. MIND.
I really liked reading this book. Powers was involved in many activities throughout her life and she inspires me to go out and make the most out of myself. She gives a lot of good advice that motivates me to become my best person. This is a must read for both women and men!
This was a very informative book. Not a novel but still very engaging. did not know their influence in many areas of things we take for granted.
Still reading the book. Enjoying it very much!
Truth, trust,and and honor are such integral parts of a relationship. As the characters grow together in this romantic novel they discover the necessity of these qualities.
If you like lots of action and cheering for the underdog, this series is a must read. Enjoy them all.
Very informative and detailed. This book is very well done for someone who is interested in real estate investment. For me, this is an interesting and useful reading.
You will enjoy this book. Easy reading. Then find other books in this genre. You can escape in these books.
A great story. The story flows well. I love Shifter stories. If you love Shifter stories then grab this book. It has some action and lots of twists and turns.
Wade has everything - - or appears to and he is running from things until he encounters Priscilla. The story weaves you and pulls you into Priscilla and Wade's lives and you rush to learn what happens to them. This story lets you know that people do have second chances and love can and does exist! Buy it, read it and share it with a friend! What a five star winner! You'll want to grab your book, drive to the beach and put your toes in the sand to finish reading this sweet story.
Better than a 4, not quite a 5, but I rounded up because I loved it.
I was so happy that Pamela & Jamie finally got together, even it was to be short lived. The addition of Noah certainly added a different twist. Can't wait to read the next book. What will happen with Casey & Jamie, such a tough choice. Love these books.
I've read this whole series so far. I really like her books. I've read all of her books about the FBI & DEA. They read as pretty realistic. I also like the way she writes the rest of the team in, not just the couple involved
It is helpful guide for assertiveness training. This book has good content and the guidance of this book is very important. I got some information from this book. I like it.
I am still getting my feelings together about this most amazing book This is a true second chance romance surrounded by secrets, pain, mystery and the cutest little girl. AL Jackson's writing is so poetic and lyrical painting such a beautiful picture. Faith lost her husband and is struggling to figure out how to move on, on top of that she is taking her of their young daughter and she is being threatened and she has no clue what her husband was in to. Jace Jacobs is back in town, he broke her heart 10 years ago when he left her. Jace is a alpha protector and has sacrificed so much. BEAUTIFUL READ I loved it.
I love this book. It's very accurate. This is definitely a good book!
This is one of those stories that could have taken a page out of every action movie ever and just focused on the car chases and shootouts at the expense of having actual, relatable characters. This story doesn't lack for action, but I ended up actually liking some of the characters by the end of it. The protagonist comes off as kind of the opposite of Indiana Jones, but by the end of it, I kind of took a "wait and see" attitude on whether he's really so incapable of being a hero. As others have mentioned, the character development seemed to not be as deep as it could be, but maybe the author was assuming that readers of this book had already read the first book. I'm kind of looking forward to the next book.
Another exciting adventure well done by Karen. Will there be a book 4? Waiting to see? Maybe Bianca will finally relax ,
Good read, takes you to the moment!
From the journey keto has always been in the top level and the food and exact that kind of recipes has made it possible to taken care of the whole diet plan as there is nothing optional than the perfection, by this book it has done the same, so well described and instructed easy recipes to try and simply I found it as best.
I loved the power of a story. These pages are filled with the power of choice and pressing through the pain of life in order to embark on the healing journey that everyone needs.
Epic. Just one word. Epic. This whole series is so well written, engaging and still a love story, and apocalyptic novel, funny, gory, there's intrigue. The series literally has everything! Cole is one of the best writers out there! I have read everything she has written and it is all amazing! However, if I have to wait more than a year for another book I'm gonna throw fit.
I like this series. Although Jane is allowed male friends who give her a touch of romance, the stories stay within what Jane might have done. Threads of the stories she wrote are woven in the plot so that she compares people she meets to the characters in her books. In this book, she is in the process of finishing editing and publishing "Emma" so we get a view into what it was like for her to be a novelist. The story is a nice blend of reality and fiction and a delightful read.
I wasn't sure about reading a paranormal suspense but I'm glad I read this. Awesome read. Curious but sad in many ways. Looking forward to the next book in the imprint series.
Twist at the end was brilliant
So much fun! Cal Carver cracks me up! Anyone who loves Firefly and Cowboy Bebop will love this series, can't wait to read the next 😂
Very helpful in keeping tract of the next book to read
These are very nice quality chargers.The thread around the cord offers great protection and is nicely held together. The do not feel cheap like some chargers do so I'm very pleased. I have had no issues with using them with my Phone. They charge just as fast as the charger that came with my phone.
This was a book that I simply couldn't put down. Surprises in every chapter. I loved the characters. Glad to see the author is using them again.
1. A classic. 2. DEEP. 3. The heroine has more bravery and resilience than any young adult heroine in today's literature. 4. Timeless. 5. Worth it.
This book is truly helpful and informative. The most essential thing in the world is to understand himself and next is to understand others. Good communication doesn't come naturally for most people, who must develop the skill through continual practice. When you have enough knowledge to analyze other people it will be easier for you to understand them as well as you will become a better communicator. This is really important to enhance your communication skills. In this book you will find Amazing Communication Techniques To Improve Your Public Speaking And Social Skill. I think that the author of this book has indeed provided very useful information to people of all ages.
Enjoyed the read. Golf has changed many lives and this book tells a great story. The love of the game, the authors one of a kind relationship with Arnie is nicely told - thanks!
Felt like I was watching a movie. Characters well developed easy to follow. First one by this author, will continue to read other, very enjoyable and I encourage others to read his books
Very informative. Have seen many of his videos on You Tube and am glad I purchased this book. Will be buying more of his writings.
Cool book! Very comprehensive book that includes the medical benefits of the Mediterranean Diet plus hundreds of recipes. I love it
Her Second Chance Best Friend Rockstar is a heart warming, clean, second chance romance that I could not stop reading " . . . just one more page!" I hated to leave Isabelle, Indie, Gareth and Kayla behind. These characters became like family. There is a lot of family drama in this story. Gareth dated Isabelle in high school but was best friends with Indie. That is all I am going to say about the plot. You do not want to miss this well written story with great characters.
Concise, with good real life examples. Any of these steps can be applied with relative ease. Worth the read for anyone looking to make business/social connections.
This book was simply wonderful!!!! Dayna Quince can really write! Will be reading more of her books for sure!
As such, there are no complaints about this book, everything is written at a decent level, thanks to the author, recommended!
This book was easy to read. It's one of those stories where you want to know what will happen next. It keeps you interested
First book I've read by this author. Loved the book and it kept me guessing which was great. Too many books I have figured out within the first chapter. Definitely would recommend!
Damon's books are loaded with perfect information. I'm for ever returning to his books for reference and guidelines.
Helpful for reviewing world history and seeing how it all fits together. Intended for children, but useful for adults too.
This is a very helpful and useful guide.This book brings to you the simple step-by-step solution to declutter the mind.It will help you in simplifying your life for a happier you.I hope this book is able to help you very much.
Dragons, orcs, giants, drow, everything that should be in a Drizzt book is here! Companions, old and new, along with a few twists. Great book!!
I have enjoyed all four of these mysteries. I like the British street language, chuckle. And the characters are well developed. I look forward to more.
Loved the give and take of the charaters
Nearly all the tips useful and. I consider myself an intermediate to advanced user of OneNote. I would highly recommend.
As a 35 year old single woman, I must admit I was skeptical about another book with dating advice. Tracy is brutally honest about flaws women have that keep them from their happy ending. I identified with several things in the book and for the first time figured out it's more than a checklist when seeking love. It's all about finding yourself first. It's funny. It's easy to understand with real women's experiences. And it's a quick read that can really change your life. Thank you Tracy!
Loved the book until the very end. I think it is the best of the series. Definitely would recommend it.
This was an extremely helpful book to read as I sat next to my mother in her hospice room. I strongly recommend it.
I loved this story. Sweet and sexy. I even had a few tears near the end. I bought the next book as soon as I finished this one. Can't wait to start it.
I love historical fiction this book was really good. No boring parts. 😀 I'm moving on to the second book now
It was an AMAZING book!!!
Its a good book for third eye awakening. A great informative book. Learning approach provided. A great effective book. Recommended.
I stumbled onto book one and read it in a day, then .. finished off book two in the same manner ... yep, moving onto book 3 now! In this installment, Lily learns a little more about her talent and discovers she has friends. I'm loving this series, it's clean, it's funny, the characters are well written. I'd recommend it and am off to finish the series myself.
Alex offers great advice and easy-to-follow steps for adopting an entrepreneurial mindset at any age. This book is relevant for anyone who, like myself, has entrepreneurial ambitions but doesn't know where to begin. A truly insightful read!
Reading this book now. Loving the series
I always enjoy books by Jana DeLeon; she's one of My favorite authors.. It been fun to watch the characters grow in this series.
Brene' is awesome and I have loved and read all of her books. She is so down-to-earth and real. Her work has been life-changing for me.
Melissa F. Olson always does an amazing job in keeping the characters true to form. This book kept me on edge till the very end. Scarlett Bernard has a tough decision to make and an even tougher assignment than ever before. Everything that Scarlett has gone through in these books, has lead her to her biggest discovery yet, with the help of the Colorado faction, and her family and friends in LA Scarlett' s life is literally on the line. How will she save her city? What will she choose? You'll have to read to find out.
Jesse once again found herself involved in the murder mystery of her former fiancee. She is left with the responsibilities of taking care of his daughter temporarily until his mother arrives and also solving his murder, ah and still find time for a little romance with the Sheriff on the side.
OMG I LOVED this so much! Way to bust out of the gate JM with your very first MPREG! I love the idea of a mage/ wolf shifter! Fantastic take on MPREG. I am on pins and needles waiting for the next one and will be stalking your Amazon page for the next one!
Great read or listen. Narrator is perfect for the story
Love this writer. Exciting!
Great and incredible content
The writing is full of historical references and adds so much clarity to the TV program. I found the tri!got through the program and couldn't put them down. Fun, frightening, and romantic!
Meghan just keeps getting better and better with every book she writes. Man does she keep you on the edge of your seat.
I bought this after reading the earlier reviews. The binocular does hold upto most of what others had to say about it. The image quality is very good and the insta focus system makes it very easy to follow moving objects. The neck strap is cheap and is not worth having it on the binocular.
Mr. Horowitz brought up some very interesting viewpoints from a more conservative view. It was very refreshing to read about ideas from someone in the know who voiced my thoughts in many ways. A good read that makes one think.
This book painted a picture in my mind of the colors of the aura's the wolf fur colors ! My imagination was fully involved! Maggie always is able to draw me in but this book hooked me I read it in a night!
Surviving Eden (Surviving Series Book 1) By: Virginia Wine 5 out of 5 stars The story Surviving Eden (Surviving Series Book 1) by Virginia Wine is a contemporary romance book. It is a book that is enjoyable to read and has characters that I grew to love with each chapter. The two main characters are Dr. Theodore Grants and Eden. Theo is a psychiatrist. He is also a man that simply exists, no emotional attachments. He has never felt that way towards anyone. That is until he meets Eden. He is there to help her and finds himself also wanting to protect her. There is an attraction that is undeniable, a pull towards her. Eden is a beautiful, strong-willed, intelligent, and talented woman. She also feels an attraction towards Theo. There is passion and desire between Theo and Eden. There are also conflicted emotions. What does the future hold for Theo and Eden? Read this story to find out. This is an author who knows how to write a story that will have your emotions going up and down the entire time. Theo and Eden are characters that I had empathy for and I also found myself wanting them to find happiness in their lives. This story also has a bit of mystery that will have you asking questions. There are steamy scenes that red hot and that make the temperature in the room rise. If you want to read a romance story that will have you turning pages to find out what will happen next this is the one for you. This is a powerful and entertaining first book in a series.
A very well written and compelling book. At times hard to put down. I would recomend it to all to read.
I totally loved this book. It was on the soft and sweet side but had its moments. Riley was trying to make a living and then decided he wanted more than just a cheater. And Max was just looking for love.
Loved this book! Our two teen protagonists were just doing a class project that took them into a transcontinental search for the truth. They solve what Harvard professors failed to solve. Most have wondered if we humans are alone in the galaxy. Throw in the FBI, CIA and Russians and it gets hot fast! Excellent read!
This book could be a fountain of knowledge important to your health. This book is a game changer for those curious about attempting a replacement sort of ingestion. It's a fast browse and extremely informative.
Hard to imagine how the English were able to cope during the war. But the demands placed on them good things came as gifts to be enjoyed Mistakes were made but life goes on. Thankfully time heals at least most of the pain Loved most of the book
Every is wonderful, and help me a lot with my health so I recommend it a 100%
You can never go wrong with a Julia Quinn novel. Always well written and hard to put down.
Very good book. A lot of Up's and downs. Keeps your attention right up to the end.
Grab a glass of wine & settle in as we go back in time through the life of Anna Ford, The Original Bad Girl. A beautiful story of Anna's life experiences, love, & how Juliet came to be. It was so much fun getting the story of the players that started it all.
It came up in the suggestions and I don't even know hwy I bought it, but I loved it, really enjoyable read.
Very timely to read this novel during 50 yr anniversary of space program. Gained much insight that I was too young to understand in the past. I've read many of this author's books and have loved them all. Highly recommend
I didn't dislike anything in this book I loved this 8 year old child, he was so smart and lovable,I really liked his relationship with Izzy. I would recommend this to all my friends that still like to read.
I have read every John Locke book except How I Sold Millions of Books. Simple reason, I know how and why! Every book is as unique and humorous as he must be. I enjoy all of his books and always look forward to my notification of another book available. Keep on keeping on, John!
There is a wonderful overlap between fact and fiction in this very well researched book. A very enjoyable read with lots of plots and twists. Recommended.
Whether you were an Obama supporter or not; we cannot deny the wonderful legacy Michelle Obama left for our country. She welcomed us into her family and home and advocated for women/girls, the military and their families and her love for making children healthy. Great story.
Shonda changes her life with just a simple word - yes. But what she really did was step out and finally say what she wanted, do what she wanted and change what she wanted so she could become the woman who can take compliments, get rid of toxic relationships and be the best Shonda she could. If you're looking for permission to change or just some wit and wisdom, Shonda delivers it with a laugh and a dose of reality.
A good read. Hard to put down and dad when it's done. I would recommend this to anyone who likes southern charm with a bit a mystery.
This book has been a blessing from the universe. I'm going through a complicated break up and I feel like Gregg is holding my hand through it!
Outstanding work, reads smooth and fast, no whining period from the protagonist. Comes into his power and gets to business.
This book was so everything! Funny, cute , romantic and sexy!! I loved the story and its characters especially the two main ones! It's a very quick read one I highly recommend! Fabulous RomCom!
I couldn't put the book down. I had to find out what was going to happen next. I can't wait to read the next book.
This series is fabulous!!!!!
The book that started it all! I loved seeing Rose spread her wings after years of being kept down by her mother. She not only changed her look but found self confidence to face intense trials and stand up for herself. You can't help but want to stand up and cheer her on!
This book was so good. I highly recommend reading it. I'm going to find some more from this author to read !
This book is very relatable! Thanks for adding a character of color! I suggest adding more.... I love all you books!!!!
This was an engaging and fun read. It was well written and the characters were believable. I knew exactly what was going to happen due to its strong take on a Beauty and the Beast theme, but that didn't detract from my enjoyment of the book at all.
I enjoyed this short story, James Rollins is one of my favorite authors. I would have liked this book to go on a little more, I was starting to get interested in the development of the characters. I would recommend this book
So I went into this story feeling uncertain. Now I can say I loved this book! Can't wait to see what happens next!
I found this an original story. Although not many RPG elements, I found this book very entertaining and well written. I look forward to the second book.
This book really moved, Hated to put it down. author writes really well. Want to read next boook, have read two others of his also really good.
Its a good book for keto diet crock pot cooking. Learning recipes provided. A great informative book. Recommended. Enjoying stuff.
Life in Trout Run Valley was becoming settled, peaceful and productive even. Right up until the day it wasn't. Its SHTF time for real and Lauren and the gang are in a battle for their lives.
These two short stories were so immersive and well-written that they felt like full length novels. I loved every minute of both. The first gave me literal goosebumps at parts.
I love this story and the entire series. Joy Avery does not disappoint! Well done! I'm looking forward to reading other books by this author.
I loved everything about this book! It's the first in what looks like is going to be a wonderful series!! There's suspense, romance and some wickedly delish sci fi stuff!! Even if you're not into the sci fi trope I honestly feel you'd still enjoy this book. At the basics it's about loss, love and hope!
I'm a cotton six kinda guy and I really like these.
This author never disappoints me. Faleena Hopkins is the best author I have read. There are always hot sexy scenes and a family full of love. She has a way of pulling you in so you feel like you are a part of the characters and you want to keep reading all of the books to find out what the rest of the family is doing. I can't wait for the next book.
Interesting characters. I prefer books in chronological order, especially on a device, but this was very good..
The first few chapters you flip sharply between very different people. It almost put me off for a second with trying to keep names straight. SOOO happy it didn't. Don't let yourself get caught up in names. By mid book you will thoroughly know the people you need to know. ;) I ended up finishing this the second day, because it was SO good that I couldn't put it down!! I plan to find the rest of her books. Talk about edge of your seat and almost holding your breath at times as you speed read to get to what you THINK will happen next!! I read the sample from another book at the end of this and I'm going on to order that one now. THANK YOU BLACK FRIDAY KINDLE SALE for making this cheap enough for me to think why not check it out. :) It actually has me planning to start a book club. lol
Can't wait for book 5 in this series! I'll be waiting impatiently!!
Realistic view of war
Received quickly with no issues. I have not been able to read it to finish yet.
I enjoyed this book but at times wanted to swat both characters. The further I got into the book the more I realized they both had issues they needed to overcome before they could truly trust.
I enjoyed reading this book tremendously. I always liked reading about time travel, but usually you have to set logic aside. Not in this book. This story has been thought through thoroughly, and I can't wait to read the sequel.
I just loved this story. Imagine having to limit your time with your sister in order to protect her! Then to track down and trap demons. A great cast of characters, a plot that gave me plenty of twists and knowing that there are more tales to come - my definition of a good series starter. Looking forward to the next one. I received a complimentary ARC and enjoyed it so much that I purchased a copy. This is my honest opinion.
This book has some incredible plans that are easy to cook. I didn't see any mistakes or missing fixings. Profoundly prescribe you get this cook book with the keto supper prep. You will figure out how to utilize it rapidly and begin rapidly making some great dishes. Extraordinary assortment of plans with straightforward directions to pursue.So ,I highly recommend this great one book.
Another wonderful cozy by Laura Durham. I can't get enough of this series. Keep them coming...please. Great ending...full of surprises.
This book has completely changed my perspective on food and my lifestyle. This one has been by far the most entertaining and helpful book on the subject.
This book was hard to put down. It definitely had a few twists that I didn't see coming.
I enjoyed this book immensely. If you want to figure out how to deal with liberal extremists who continually call you names- this is the book you have to read.
Seth King does a great job giving views of both friends and how they come to the wedding, bummed out that their dates have dumped them and wanting to be anywhere but stuck in Key West with people they don't like. As the week goes on their friendship develops into more and Nate and Beau begin to wonder why they didn't see the attraction before and how they will deal with it in the future. It was a very good read and I highly recommend Curious.
A very, very taboo match made in heaven. Xavier and Lola have been fighting their attraction for a long time. Only they didn't know the other felt the way they did. When they finally get the chance, they cannot keep there hands to themselves. A very hot and filthy story that will grab you from the start!! I voluntarily reviewed an advanced reader copy of this book.
Very heart warming waiting for more in series to come out
Easy to set up.Works well.
It helped me understand the why behind codependency and provide practical ideas to implement to address the tendency.I appreciated how the book written. It is well explained and very intellectual in sharing the knowledge to a reader like me. I am going to share this to my partner, my husband. I know he will enjoy reading this book too.
Nice introduction to a wonderful series!
Just when you think you had it figured out...the author puts a new teaser in that makes your head spin.
Love the main character and the authors writing style. Looking forward to the rest of the series!
A story for your mind as well as heart!as usual she writes great relationship plots,threads that until they are pulled your not entirely sure where they are going to lead.an intellectual story line with enough realism in it to interest the heart as well as the mind.
I couldn't stop reading. The kind of book that keeps you guessing. Just what I like.
Mary did some slow work. The author did a bang up job. Kept the story exciting and could follow along easy. Great story!!!
New Morning Mercies is a wonderful book. Paul David Trip brings truth and grace in a down to earth kind of way which makes it easy to comprehend. Even though I made an effort to read each days devotion it just didn't happen. So this year( 2018) I am going to read it all over again! I highly recommend New Morning Mercies: A Daily Gospel Devotion to anybody and everybody.
What a beautiful novel. I don't normally cry, but this story was so heartbreaking; you'll just have to read it for yourself. I'm no musician, but music is the heart and soul of this novel, and important to understanding the motivations of the main characters. The passion of music, the discipline, the creativity and craftsmanship required to be really good at what you do, was mirrored in the writing. Needless to say at this point; I loved this book. The narrator of the story is a young, emotionally wounded musician and violin artisan, who has unfortunately fallen in love with a man who has proven himself to be incapable of monogamy. He does, I believe, really love her, but his passion has no boundaries and in the end she has to choose, and she does. I've never read anything else by this author, but I will seek her out. Such a powerful novel. If you are a passionate soul, it will not disappoint.
Kristin Hannah has done it again. Between Sisters is another book that you just don't want to end. It draws you in immediately. Heart reading and heart warming.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading Gwen & Noah's story very much. I love reading a happy ever after story it makes me feel better after a very hard day. Thank you for writing this story.
I love Nora Roberts' books, some more then others. This was typical of her early writing, lots of romance. Great beach read.
There's no bad to this book. It takes you through the early unorganized times to the ultimate victory in the Pacific theater. And it does it in a very personable and interesting way.
Hard to put down... sobering does not begin to cover the implications of what almost happened and how easily it could happen at some point.
If you want to find good book about cbd hemp oli its nice way to buy this book. There are all what you need.
The work unfolds in a mystical way that creates an entirely new world. The characters are memorable and touching in their efforts to find safety.,
Best murder mystery I have read in a long time. The plot was intricately threaded throughout the book and the ending was an unexpected surprise. The characters were well developed and believable. Excellent reading. Highly recommend it.
This book mixes wonderfully told personal recollections with military history. It is a great read. Entertaining and informative. Highly recommended.
The history of the Cuban missile crisis is an extremely insightful look at the nuclear arms race between the Soviet union and the United States. Mutually assured destruction is a good reason not to go to war. A good read.
I've been struggling to stick with a WFPB diet. I'm so thrilled to find vegan cookbooks for the instant pot. These recipes are simple, easy to follow and have pretty standard ingredients that are familiar to vegans.
Honestly my 4 yr old purchased this without my knowledge so I don't know a whole lot about it. But I will say that he at least bought something that was price friendly.
omg I absolutely loved this book. i read both books and i loved it. The family that we are following has a wonderful chemistry.
I loved every single page of this novel. A superb story for anyone who loves flying. Exciting, entertaining, accurate in every way. My favourite thus far for sure. Highly recommended!!
I'm so glad I received this book. It's not my usual genre, but I really enjoyed the story. The author did an excellent job, I'm planning on reading more of her books.